Oct 2 2009 	Clean and comfortable staff helpful great location	Booked the motel months in advance because it was near the Aquatic Park. Hotels were just too expensive and could not offer us a suite with a kitchen and plenty of space. Never stayed at a motel before so not sure what to expect - and then there was the bed bug incident! Greatly reassured by the managements response we arrived to find a clean and comfortable motel with excellent, helpful staff in an ideal location. The motel offers free internet access, free tea and coffee, clean towels every day, a lift, even a car park space had we needed it. We felt safe - from our balcony we could see 6 security cameras! The area struck us as safe unless out late - same as any city.There is plenty to see and do on the doorstep - lots of places to eat, corner shops for groceries, Safeway a quick walk away. Recommend the hop on hop off bus nearby to see the sights. Lots of local places deliver - India Curry House www.kennedyscurry.com has a pub attached so you can study the menu while enjoying a pint then have your tea delivered later on!Our only concern was that it wasn't very quiet - the motel was quite busy and if upstairs have big feet or loud voices you will notice! And there is traffic and fog horns most of the time - but it's San Francisco after all! The staff will also arrange an airport shuttle service at very reasonable rates.All my email enquiries were answered quickly and efficiently. We'd certainly go again.	
Sep 28 2009 	Very friendly and hard working staff	Great location for a motel. The staff worked hard and all seemed very friendly. We found the motel very clean and the shower had a powerful water stream. The motel even located a vase for us to use one evening!	
Sep 20 2009 	More than a "Motel"	Stayed here in the past four days and definitely enjoyed it. For starters, there is complimentary computer and printer and coffee and tea in the lobby, with a nice round seating area and nicely-laid-out newspapers.There is an elevator, thank God. Room keys are cards you swipe. Opened door, and saw a flatscreen TV with cable on a wall, decorative flowers, cute green table and matching green lamp, all-white linen, full-length mirror, microwave and coffee pot, and a bathroom with a shower that has a seating area and a great shower head. The bed was my favorite, so comfy and large. Oh, and the light switch for the ceiling light has a dimmer!Even a bigger plus, the location is perfect. Located at Greenwich and Buchanan in Cow Hollow, I could walk to a liquor store, boutiques, Starbucks, major bus lines, breakfast joints, late-night restaurants, pier, and so much more without feeling like I needed to keep my hand on my wallet. There's parking and free wi-fi. No excuse to stay in shady downtown or places far off from the main areas of SF when you have a place like Capri.	
Sep 1 2009 	A great place I would definately stay at again	actually really liked it here. The location was great. It wasnt a scary area and my friend and I felt very safe. My friend and I attended the Outside Lands Festival at the Golden Gate Park and only a few blocks away was the bus stop to take you to Golden Gate Park (only 1 bus, no transferring or any of that mess) or a few blocks the other way and there was a bus stop to takes you to China Town &amp; Union Square. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Also a few blocks away are a number of seemingly VERY popular bars, if you are into that sort of scene. We had a room facing the street which did get loud at times but not enough to wake me(the window was open). Although my friend said she did have trouble going to sleep, but no problems while sleeping. And there is no air conditioning in the room, which was why we had to keep our window open one of the nights. If there was air conditioning we couldnt find it. lol. They also charge for local calls. All in all it was the cheapest place we could find which included parking. Oh and the parking area does have security cameras. I dont know what else to say. I loved it and would definately stay again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Clean good value and unbeatable location	I stayed here in need of a quiet place to stay before taking an arduous exam. I was placed in one of the older, unrenovated rooms. However, it was immaculately clean and not at all uncomfortable. It's entirely safe, and I chose this place because it's not near noisy Van Ness like other motels. It's located in a super quiet, nice residential neighborhood (!) near so many good shops, restaurants, Crissy Field, and tourist hangouts. yes, you might hear the rumbling of someone's rolly going down the hallway, but honestly, this is nothing compared to the street noise I was getting from my SF apartment. Gotta see it all in context.Motel was wonderful in that they were able to place a good luck bouquet from my boyfriend in the room before I checked in. They made no mention of it and were friendly and helpful to me. I was able to take a look at one of the newer rooms and was pretty impressed - decor looks better, room looks brighter, furniture's new, etc. Some people complain about price, but to get this for around $100 give or take is not bad, I think. I'd be afraid to pay anything less, for fear of getting some truly sketchy place in a bad area of town. I was told the motel was undergoing a transition to new management and am curious to see how that + renovations turn out. While other people seek amenities, I find a lot of charm in these motels that have history. Bottom line: There are enough unique pros to this place that I'd come back. Maybe for the next exam.	
Jul 11 2009 	if you like bed bugs this is the place to stay	very noisy, fight in the parking lot at 1 am, bed bugs ate us alive, besides that a great place to have your children eaten alive	
Jun 21 2009 	Great place to stay	We stayed here whilst on a road trip around California. We were on a budget so booked this based on the price and the fact it had free car parking which is a bonus in San Fran!The location was a bit of a way out but the area was pleasant and quiet. We had a nice stroll down to Fishermans Wharf which took about 30 minutes and was easy enough to find. We walked back around 10pm in the dark and felt safe.The room was great, it was kind of retro feeling but was super clean and the bed was really comfy. No complaints there. The walls were a bit thin and we could hear our neighbours when they were talking loudly but overall we wasn't disturbed by noise. Motel also has free Wifi which worked great.Would definitely recommend to friends / family and stay here again ourselves.	
Mar 25 2009 	Unbeatable Value	We have been returning to Motel Capri since first discovering it in1998. We have stayed here on Spring Break, while moving from FL, and EVERY time we come to SF. Internet access is fine. Last night we had a Skype Conference call with Mount Shasta, CA and Costa Rica from our room. They continue to rennovate, while leaving the retro decor in the impressively clean bathrooms. Always clean. Always friendly. Beds more comfortable than ever before. Very friendly and eagar to please staff. Best value for your dollar in the city. Absolute best SUSHI in town only 2 blocks away! Quiet enough to always sleep with our windows open.	
Mar 16 2009 	Terrible Service	We were in town for a concert and decided to make a night of it. Friends recommended the Capri, and for the price, we decided to go with the recommendation. Our overall first impression was that it seemed like a decent room for what we were paying. It was conveniently located to where we needed to be. We returned from the concert at midnight and headed to bed not that long after. We were awoken to a loud party that was going on in and out of the row of rooms outside ours. I made two calls to the front desk requesting that they do something about the noise, and it wasn't until 6 a.m. when the noise finally stopped - no help from the motel staff, simply that the partiers pooped out. When we complained at checkout and asked for a full refund, the desk clerk knew that there had been a problem, and acknowledged to the manager over the telephone that the employee who had been working the night before had done nothing to stop the party. Even with that level of awareness, they refused to do anything more then give me a $25 discount, stating that they couldn't do more then that. I don't accept that they couldn't do more, and will do what I need to get a full refund for a terrible experience!	
Aug 23 2008 	Disappointing after all these years...	I have been staying at the Capri since 2001, when my family moved from SF to the North Bay. It used to be a great deal for us ex-pats and while not a luxury hotel, it was clean and comfortable (plus in a great location).My son and I stayed at the Capri this summer and we were terribly let down. They no longer offer specials and while there is renovation occurring, our room was dingy and the bed very uncomfortable. My 9 year old son said, &quot;&quot;Mom, let's not stay at the Capri anymore&quot;. Sadly, I had to agree.	
Apr 4 2008	Overpriced no wifi	Paid $99 for a Thursday night King room. Entire property looks worn-out and used. Shower door wouldn't even shut properly, and the 1960's &quot;decor&quot; (especially in the bathroom) was frightening instead of charming.Their wireless network has an extremely weak signal, which I could not even connect to standing out on the open balcony directly across from their main office (about 20 meters away). They could not fix this issue when I called the main desk. Fail.If you can stay at this place for under $70, then maybe it would be worth your trouble, otherwise, stay away.	
Dec 18 2007 	Great Hotel and location	First to say the hotel has changed management (not ownership) and has had a facelift, rooms have been decorated, new comfortable beds etc and a lot of the old staff are no longer in situ, so although I have stayed many times I was pleased with the changes, what is good about the place is the reasonable rates and the location, 2 blocks from shops, bars and restaurants on Union and 3 blocks from more of the same on Chestnut with buses going anywhere you want in the City from either street, add to that a 20 minute walk to the tourist trap AKA Fishermans Wharf and the area is as clean and safe as anywhere in SF, It all adds up to the ideal location for a reasonably priced base in the area.	
Apr 11 2007 	Terrible service rude adn unorganized!!	My daughter wanted to treat us to a stay in the city to visit her and made the reservation, left her card to charge it to. The next day starting at 11:00 they called our room twice to remind us to check out at 12:00, Then the maid came in with her key at 11:30 even though the do not disturb sign was out. When we checked out they only wanted to charge us, not my daughter as previously arranged. A phone call between them finaly settled it with much trouble. They seem like they are not very together and their atttude is rude. Last time we will stay there. There are plenty of places in that area .	
Apr 27 2006	A New Home in SF	I now know where I will stay whenever I visit San Francisco. A fantastic location in the Marina District within blocks of Union Street or Lombard Street shopping and dining. An easy walk to Pier 39 and the cable cars, and one bus a couple of blocks away that will take you to Golden Gate Bridge / Presidio and then Golden Gate Park, and another that will drop you off a block from ATT Park -- who could ask for more.The staff was not only friendly but amazingly helpful ( I arrived in town 730 am and they not only allowed me to check in they didn't charge me extra for it).	
Sep 29 2005 	Not Bad for the price.	Well the bed was uncomfortable but everything else was average. Room was clean and area was safe. There appeared to be plenty of parking and it was in a good location in Marina District. I'd say it was average because of the good location.	
Aug 23 2005	It was ok...	I think that if you're looking for an hotel somewhere in the city, then you can think of this one as an option. the rooms are ok. high speed internet wireless for free, good price and good location.	
Nov 4 2004	Terrible!	I booked five rooms for my out-of-town friends for an engagement party. Two days before all of my friends arrived, the hotel canceled ALL of the reservations and offered NO help finding new accommodations. Although they lied about a &quot;boiler room problem&quot; I believe the got an offer at a higher rate so my friends were out on the street. It's not worth the risk.	
Oct 23 2004	They stole your $$$? What noise?	I was interested to see the reviewer's comments about the Motel Capri being too noisy. I'd be interested in hearing how he/she found it to be too noisy - was it street noise, noisy neighbours, what? We stayed there for about 10 days in March 03 and didn't find it noisy at all. We found most of the staff pleasant and helpful, although there was one who had a severe attitude problem. From our overall experience, it's very good value for money. We just love San Francisco and can't wait to return. And yes, we'll stay at the Capri again. Regards to y'all from down under!	
Jul 25 2004	They stole my $$	I have stayed at the motel many times (a regular customer) it is always noisy but for the price you could not beat it. But the last time we stayed it was too noisy and after attempts to get management to do something (they refused) and trying to sleep we checked out 3 hours after checking in. We were told our CC card was refunded only a week later to find it was not Ten telephone calls and many weeks the management would not return calls and finaly refuses to refund my money, even though I have a refund (they have refused to finalize the process) as of todays date no refund which is in my book stealing my money.This is comming from a Regular customer how would they treat a one time visitor ?/???	
Jan 20 2004	Cheap chic!	I'm glad to hear it's still a great value! I stayed some years ago and found it very clean, comfortable and quiet, with nice management and plenty of retro atmosphere (the neon sign shone right in my window, just like in an old movie).	
Dec 17 2003	Perfect and Inexpensive Spot in Cow Hollow	Whenever you just feel like spending a day or few browsing Union Street shops and pubs, or spending some quality time savoring Marina district life on Fillmore and Chestnut streets, and want to be a mere short walk from the Marina Green or an easy bus ride to North Beach, Chinatown, Union Square and the Financial District - and you don't want to spend a lot of money to sleep in a clean room in a very safe location - this is definitely the spot.	
Aug 5 2003	Best Deal in the Marina	If you don't mind 1960's decor this place will fit the bill. It's very reasonable and very clean. Sometimes it books up with the Euro tours. Ask to stay on the 3rd floor, with the high ceilings and roof windows. I have actually heard the fog horns at night. There is also plenty of free parking right on-site.This hotel is right off Union street and within walking distance of the Marina Green. Tons of great restaurants and clubs. One of my favorites is the Brazen Head, which is right across the street. A small English Pub with great food and drinks. It's hard to spot but there's a real small sign out front. Also, El Canasta (sp?) has a great steak burrito.	
Aug 16 2009 	todo bien		
