Nov 25 2009 	Great location blah rooms wearing down. Slightly musty.	This was a tremendously underwhelming hotel. I don't consider myself a hotel snob at all - I stay in budget motels regularly and don't mind. But this hotel, especially for the location (right in the middle of Market St. in downtown San Fran at the turn-around point for the cable car), was just exceedingly blah. The room was small and ugly, the shower head was eye-level, there was chipping/cracked paint, the &quot;closet&quot; was laughably-small, there was a stain on our duvet (or whatever you call that thing at the foot of the bed that isn't actually a blanket), and when we asked for more blankets the ones they brought were frayed and torn (though admittedly clean). The whole thing felt old, and not in the charming way, but more in the &quot;shouldn't they fix that?&quot; way.The bathroom wasn't especially clean when we got there either (soap scum in the soap dishes). There was also some sort of plastic mattress pad on the bed that creaked every time my wife or I moved. This was very annoying and made it one of the least-comfortable hotel beds I've slept in. There was no air conditioning or heat in our room (some rooms apparently have a steam-heater, whatever that means), though thankfully they brought up a space heater on our request. Service was fine and prompt, though not overly friendly - perhaps they were just very busy. Lots of great food, shopping, and attractions around. The location truly is fantastic, and honestly if you're looking to be right in the heart of San Fran it's one of the best options. Doing some shopping around on the various travel sites we ended up getting this for about $100 a night, which was a bargain for where it was, even with the dingy rooms. I would have been annoyed had I paid $150+, but perhaps that's because I'm used to cheap hotels in non-touristy locations. If you want a great location and are not planning on spending much time in the room then this will certainly fulfill your needs. If on the other hand you'll be in the room a lot (my wife had to study so we were holed up for quite a while) I might recommend finding another option.	
Nov 15 2009 	An unbeatable value for location price and comfort	My wife and I stay at the Powell whenever we visit family in San Francisco and it has never failed to meet all our needs and expectations and then some. The location is the best in the city and the staff is always friendly and accomodating. For the money, for my money, you can't beat the Powell. The small cafe off the lobby at the Market St. entrance is a delight not to be missed as is the newly added happy hour.	
Nov 11 2009 	They really take care of you	We stayed at the Powell for a weekend getaway and were very pleased. My Wife enjoyed all the shopping in the area and I enjoyed being near all the touristy things to do in San Fran. We both enjoyed the free drinks they server in the evening. They are just the thing to get an evening out started. While the hotel is a little expensive we found it well worth the cost.	
Nov 10 2009 	BED BUGS!!!! !! Horrible hotel! STAY AWAY	I stayed at the hotel in October - not at a small expense -$180 dollars/night. The room had an aweful musty odour, furniture and soft furnishings looked tired and the carpet was in a terrible state. After the first night , I woke up with a very itchy rash. This deteriorated as the days went by and by the time I got back to the UK, the rash was covering my entire body including my face. Uncertain of what was happening to my body, I was in a great deal of distress fearing the worst.The rash was so itchy and so unsightly that I was obliged to cancel all my clinics ( I am a doctor) and research work. I saw a dermatologist who immediately and without any hesitation diagnosed bed bug bites. I believe that this is absolutely unacceptable and shocking!! Bed bug bites are known to be a source of transmission of Hepatitis B and Chagas disease which are both potentially fatal conditions. There have also been reports of death by anaphylactic shock in the unlucky few. However, what is even more appalling is that I have paid good money ($180/night) only to suffer this very horrific outcome which has caused me great distress and affected my productivity at the conference in San Francisco as well as affecting my work, my patients and my income. It has also essentially ruined what has been a very expensive and potentially rewarding trip to San Francisco.There is also a risk that the bed bugs may have been transported to my home in my suitcase with a hazard to all at home and a great deal of expense and hassle to eradicate.Phoned management who said they will get back to me but they haven't despite emailing them and also notifying them in the post.	
Nov 1 2009 	Bed Bugs and Noisy!	I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Powell and i too experienced the bed bugs. We checked into room 522, it was dark and dingey and had a musty smell but the bed was clean and comfortable....until when i woke up in the morning and i saw a bright red insect on my pillow. On closer inspection i found 3 more that had obviously been feeding on us in the night. due to the size and clour of them. My husband and I now have about 10-15 bites on our body. We moved to a much nicer, brighter, claener looking room (519) but this one faced the road and was really nosiey with traffic and people shouting and argueing in the street below all through the night, we didn't get one good night sleep at the hotel but we didn't want to move again incase we got more bugs. Plus points - great cental downtown location, easy access to cable car, free drinks between 5pm-6.30pm Monday - thursday in the makeshift 'bar'.	
Oct 20 2009 	2nd stay did not disappoint	Arrived at midday and was able to get a room straight away which was a nice surprise as the hotel was busy. Right at the cable car turnaround and F line to Fishermans Wharf, although I walked everywhere, the hills were a challenge but that is part of the experience. Clean, comfortable rooms and a brilliant location, this property is a gem. Free internet access in the reception area was very helpful. The ladies in the cafe were lovely too.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good economy hotel with no frills	A clean, tidy hotel with a great location and friendly, helpful staff. For the price, its good value but don't expect great views or a great shower.We were allocated a room which faced the inside court, but right by an air con unit which was extremely loud. We were given the option to move to another inside room, again we had no views but it was quieter, it didn't have any heating; but they supplied us with a heater. The shower left much to be desired and they only supplied one packet of coffee for the coffee machine.This isn't the best hotel, but you pay for what you get and we believe it was good value for money.We couldn't fault the reception staff who were helpfull and all our requests were dealt with quickly.Overall, we would stay here again.	
Oct 13 2009 	Weekend in San Francisco	The location was great- it was my first trip to San Francisco. The room was quaint, but old and small. There was no ceiling fan in the room as advertised. The windows do open. In the afternoon the room was rather warm. Housekeeping staff were friendly Two times I asked for a wake-up call: the first I received, the second I did not.I don't know how warm it gets, but there is no air conditioning if it gets hot. The pictures of the rooms from the virtual tour did not really resemble my room [416].I would probably stay again, because of the location.	
Oct 13 2009 	Bed Bugs	Stayed for three nights in the Powell and found it to be in a good location, a little tired and in need of an upgrade. No air con in the room or bar fridge. Hotels floors are floor boards so can be noisy. Staff were friendly whilst staying there however once I had left I came down with terrible bed bug bites all over my arms and torso. I contacted the hotel via email several times and was ignored and received no response. Poor handling of this problem and seems it has been happening for a while now.....	
Oct 10 2009 	Good location but a below average hotel.	Well connected and proximity to BART and muni but expensive for the kind of rooms offered. Not many facilities in the room and service is also not that good.	
Oct 9 2009 	Conveniently Located	The Powell Hotel is across the street from the Powell Street Bart station, trolley and central to the downtown area. The management was very friendly at check in. Happy hour with wine, cheese and fruit is provided nightly. Many of the tour buses stop at the hotel. The room was clean and the beds very comfortable. I would definitely stay there again when in the area. Great value for the money.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great location	This hotel was in the best location for getting around, right outside is the cable car stop. The hotel was very clean and the rooms were a good sizes with a fair size bathroom.	
Sep 29 2009 	Bed bugs in our room!!	I'm rarely one to complain about things, but I want people to know about this...My wife and I stayed in the Powell Hotel for three long nights and we got numerous bed bug bites which are itchy and ugly as all hell. Given the bathroom floor appeared to have not been cleaned for weeks, and the garbage we found under under the bed, I shouldn't have been suprised the room was infested with bed bugs.I got the brush-off from the front desk when I told them about it and expect the same response to the e-mail I sent to the hote. DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Sep 11 2009 	Scabies from hell...	We stayed in room 539 and the first night my wife said she felt things crawling on her legs. When we returned home to our dismay we found that we all had contracted scabies as a result of our stay. The hotel staff was incredibly unhelpful! When I contacted the Manager of Operations, Francis, he told me that I could not prove this! Our doctor cited the hotel as the probable source. I have tried corporate recourse but they have not returned my phone call, and I have been unsuccessful. My wife and I have missed work, incurred doctors fees, and are currently taking medication to resolve the infestation. We have gone through copious lengths to prevent further infestation of our home, which has been extremely difficult and time consuming. Scabies is very hard to eradicate, . Whatever you do, save yourself the time money and heartache and do not stay at this hotel!	
Aug 26 2009 	Almost a too good location room...well shabby!	The hotel is located right on Powell street next to the cable car turntable. Now you might think this is great! Which it is in terms of being close to the attractions. However we found it too close for comfort!This hotel is rather old fashioned. It has single glazing windows and due to being so close to the cable cars we could hear everything going on from 6am until midnight. The cable car bells would wake us up every morning!As for the rooms. Well we got upgraded and it was still tiny. The bathroom was possibly the smallest I had been in for a hotel and there was a huge black hair in the bath to welcome us.The parking here is over $40 a night, I know SF is expensive but this is extortionate!	
Aug 12 2009 	The Perfect Choice	Powell Hotel San Francisco is a wonderful place. I was there for 7 days after Las Vegas.//LocationPowell Hotel is at the terminal of cable-car (that antique nice train) which will bring you to Chinatown, Union Square etc. It is within 100m to the F-line bus stop (that cable bus) which brings you to Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39. It is also very close to the underground subway which brings you to airport. If you look at the map, Powell Hotel is at the centre of almost everything. It's within walking distance to Union Square, and along the walk, there are plenty of shops and small restaurants. It's the typical San Francisco life-style. You can experience it better in here, rather than the 5-star hotels (the four Big Four hotels in SF).//RoomPowell Hotel is a bit old. It's special because it's old. You can somehow get the unique nostalgic feeling staying here. The basic amenities are all available. The room is quite spacious and simple. Simplicity comes with comfort in Powell. And again, you really don't need to stay in those posh hotels to experience San Francisco unless you stay in your room 24/7.//ServiceThe staff were all very helpful and kind. I took a lot of brochures and information booklets from the counter. Tour arrangement can also be made at the helpdesk. However, I do recommend visitors to do their own research and review before deciding on which tour and agent to choose. There are a lot of agencies and prices do differ. Internet is available (wifi in room) and you can print in the lobby too.//FoodI didn't try the food at Powell Hotel. I went for different cuisine everyday around the area. Near Powell Hotel is a nice Indian restaurant which I highly recommend. The Thai restaurant nearby was fabulous as well. I'm a Malaysian and I've had plenty of experience with Indian, Malay, Thai and Asian cuisine. I must say that the Asian meals that I've tried in Downtown San Francisco were great.//ExtraI went for the Hornblower's Dinner Cruise which cost 100 dollars per pax. I think I was the youngest on the cruise (I was 24). It was a romantic and nice experience, to have your dinner by side of the Alcatraz Island and under the Golden Gate Bridge. But the dinner doesn't come to standard, I wasn't even full. But generally it was something quite worth-trying.//Fisherman's Wharf &amp; Pier 39Seafood is a MUST try. There is a shop at the corner, right across the Fisherman's Wharf's statue, that sells VERY VERY nice clam chowder. I had 3 bowls of those. Trust me it's the best in the world! There are a lot of very interesting places in Pier 39 to visit. One or two days to be spent there, is just nice.I'm just too lazy to comment. :-pPeople, Powell Hotel, it makes San Francisco even more special.	
Aug 3 2009 	great place great price great service	I was very happy with my choice. This hotel is perfectly located. The room was clean and well equiped.	
Jul 8 2009 	Location perfect rooms spaciousdecent hotel	I was worried about some news about bed bgs but we had two rooms on third floor for 3 nights and no problems. My suitcase had to be delivered late from the airport and was taken care of by reception. Location is just perfect with cable car, street car and metro for the door and we could park our hired car in the street around the corner (Ellis-O'Farrel). Rooms were spacious (for citycentre) and comfortable enough (given pricerange). Value for money I would say. No breakfast but small shop in hotel which selss sandwiches, coffee, OJ etc. and place to sit in hotel. If I return to SF I would go here again!	
Jun 24 2009 	Charming in the heart of it all!	My partner and I stayed at The Powell Hotel, and our overall experience was superb to say the least! Charming in every sense of the word-the hotel, the city, the vibe! The hotel has a New York feel to it (noise included, it's The City!) -location is in the heart of it all. The staff are very friendly and accommodating. It was fun taking a cable car ride (our bodies dangling on the side brushing up against the crisp cold air) from Fisherman's Wharf area right to the front of our hotel. Shopping galore everywhere you look! Eating venues within walking distance to satisfy every palet. Transportation is impeccable-absolutely no car needed throughout our 4 day stay. You can transport to all major attractions for under $10 combined with some walking, BUT it's the big city- what do you expect (you not only will, but SHOULD enjoy walking)! We have no problem staying again or recommending it to our friends and family! p.s. Gay Friendly hotel, area, and city!	
May 16 2009 	Nice Location 	Stayed a week at Powell Hotel in Apr 09 for a conference. Good location - next to train stn [US$5.85 to SFO airport], shopping mall with food court [make up for absence of cafe/restaurant in hotel], walking dist from convention centre and other F&amp;B places. Friendly Staff. Complimentary coffee/tea in room. Bathroom/toilet just nice for 1 person with good quality toiletry. Access to hotel locked after 7pm and needs card-key to gain access - acceptable security.But...complimentary wireless Internet not accessible from room so have to bring the laptop down to lobby to get access to Internet. Staff said that owners looking to upgrade wireless access, no deadline given. Lobby has one Internet PC but it's hardly occupied in the a.m. and night. Stayed in room with 2 x single comfortable beds - just enough room space for 1 person &amp; no aircon for hot days. If windows opened for ventilation then it will be very noisy [being next to Powell/Market Cable Car line &amp; busy Market Street]. TV has 'movie channels' showing 'not so recent movies' and no on-demand movie channels. Later I found out that there were other better hotels [at $50 less than Powell daily rate that week] within 5 mins walk from Powell.	
Apr 24 2009 	NIce staff great location 	I stayed at the Powell for 4 nights, since the price was so great I wasn't expecting that much to my surprise it was a really cute well kept hotel right in the center of the city. It's a fairly small boutique hotel and they have kept lot's of the originals details of the old building. Some of the great things about my stay were on weeknight there is a free bar with snacks in the lounge area for guests. The staff that work the front desk are super friendly and helpful, thanks Glen! There is a Bart stop right out front so it was super easy to get to and from the airport. I don't really have anything bad to say, the only thing for some people would be the trolley that's right outside dings it's bells in the morning so if you are sensitive to noise ask for a room facing the back but really the noise is kinda charming since you are in San Francisco.	
Apr 16 2009	A place of solace just steps away from the hustle of San Francisco	My daughter and I stayed at the Powell over Christmas. We had a wonderful suite, quiet floor, no outside noise, softest robes in the world, and a wonderful time. Staff was cordial and helpful. Although the hotel didn't have a restaurant (typical at boutiques), the little coffee shop adjacent served our breakfast needs just fine. And who could argue with a full mall right across the street! Hated to leave and would definitely stay there again!	
Apr 13 2009 	Charming boutique hotel with great access and friendly staff.	Have stayed several times at the Powell and it just keeps getting better. Newly done halls, new bed linens! As you would expect in a boutique hotel in the heart of San Francisco the rooms are eclectic and sometimes a bit noisy if the windows are open but it is a great place to stay. The rooms are nicely appointed, clean and have great beds. The hotel is so close to Union Square and great shopping. Plus, you can just pop out the door to the Cable Car, Bart or Muni. The staff is very welcoming, warm and helpful. Would return there in a heart beat and have recommended the Powell Hotel to several people.	
Apr 2 2009 	great place	outsatnding hotel will be back, rooms were very nice and clean, great loaction to all hot spots, (i.e) shopping, shows and fine dining. close to the ball park and airport. walk to everything and than return to a wounderful place to rest our heads,	
Feb 8 2009 	Great location great value	We gave ourselves a $200/night budget for our stay in San Francisco, and we wanted a great location downtown and a nice, comfortable hotel. Everyone told us how expensive San Francisco is and everyone thought we were crazy, but everyone was wrong. With the economy in a tailspin, there are some great hotel bargains to be had, and the Powell Hotel is one of the best. Even including the valet parking charge (which I thought was high but which I later found out was the same price we would have paid had we parked in a garage ourselves), we paid about $100 per night, and the Powell was worth every penny.The Powell is amazingly well-situated downtown, just a couple blocks from Union Square and with the cable car turnaround literally just outside the lobby door -- additional buses and trolleys stop just outside, as well -- so it's perfect for seeing the sites, and there are restaurants and shops galore within blocks -- something for every taste and every budget. It's also pretty easy to get to but was devilishly hard to find, even with our GPS.It's not what I'd call a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel, but the Powell does have class and a certain undeniable elegance. It's an old place, and the wood floors are creaky, but the rooms are nicely updated and the whole hotel is impeccably clean. The service was first-rate, from the housekeeping staff to the valet (amazingly quick) to the front desk attendants, who were eager to help and give advice and who even made an unreasonably large number of copies for me absolutely free of charge just to make up for some minor problems I had printing out some documents. In regaling our friends with our San Francisco chronicles I've described our room as postage-stamp size, but my girlfriend vehemently disagrees with this appraisal, so let's just say it was not a large room, but we certainly didn't feel cramped.All in all the Powell far exceeded our expectations, and we'd stay there again in a heartbeat the next time we're in San Francisco.	
Dec 27 2008 	It's true: bed bugs!!	Recently stayed at the Powell hotel for a conference at the Moscone center. The hotel is in a great location and appears nice...however, by 11:30 pm on the first night (a mere 15 minutes after myself and the others in the room laid down to sleep) we were covered in BED BUGS! There were 3 of us, each in our own bed (room on the third floor, 312 I believe). We woke up suddenly with burning/itching hands and welts. We flipped the lights on and found what we feared most - small red bugs crawling all over the pillows/sheets/headboards and even the walls! We took pictures and carried one of the bugs with us downstairs to show the manager. They moved us to a room on the 5th floor (room 524). Unfortunately, within 15 minutes the bugs showed up there too!! The whole hotel must be infested. It was about 1 am at this point and the three of us didn't think we should move out in the middle of the night. We slept on the floor (I &quot;slept&quot; in the closet). The next morning we moved to a new hotel. Luckily, management apologized and did not charge us for the room. I'm hoping they will also pay my 300 dollar dry cleaning bill. Don't stay here...bed bugs are really, really difficult to get rid of without months of drastic measures.	
Dec 12 2008 	Convenient charming hotel with very helpful staff	While the Powell Hotel is not deluxe, we were impressed and would stay there again. The staff was very friendly. There are lovely interior stairs if one wants to walk up and down. A mezzanine lounge was an attractive feature.Yes, it is a bit scruffy in the room; the closet could use a light, but the halls and public areas were very tastefully done. We found it exceedingly comfortable. And the location right next to BART and the Nordstrom's shopping center was fabulous.	
Nov 21 2008 	Bed Bugs	Bed Bugs! I stayed in room 506 and at 11:30pm I woke up feeling little itchy things crawling on my face and arms. It didn't hurt, but it began itching and swelling. I turned on the light and searched. I think I saw one, but couldn't be sure. I was bit 8 times on by right wrist, left bicep and twice on the chin. I called down and they moved me to another room that night. The next morning I spoke with the manager. I said he had housekeeping do a thorough check of the room and they found nothing. He asked me if I wanted some medication for the itching. He never offered to refund or discount me. I would not recommend the hotel at all. Besides the bugs and bad management, the hallways are very noisy (creaky wood floors with thin carpets). The nice aspects were it was in union square and was kind of a cool looking old building. I hope you have better luck, but I have to remind you that bed bugs are by far the most difficult infestation to get rid of. At the very least, don't stay in room 506.Nite nite, don't let the bed bugs bite!	
Nov 6 2008 	Really good value for money	We were looking for a cheap but central hotel to stay in when we arrived in SF.The Powell was super cheap for a double and very central. We weren't expecting much, but when we got there saw how unbelievable the location was: it is also at the end stop of the wonderful tram line.The hotel itself has nothing great about it; The only drawback is that they did not have double glazed windows. It did not really matter to us but you should know.The staff is quite friendly and there is a valet parking (VERY useful, $30).Can't repeat it enough, all in all the room is nothing great at all BUT this hotel has an excellent value for money.Just make sure you don't turn and walk through the tenderloin and you'll have an amazing stay!	
Nov 3 2008 	Nice Hotel	This was a nice hotel, old but cozy. The room we had could do with some touch up but had this nice old hotel feel to it. Clean rooms, comfy beds and i cant remember if there was a/c in the room. There was a radiator style heater in the corner but no idea if it worked. Don't expect the rooms to look like the ones in the pictures unless they have all been renovated. The valet service was horrible, as soon we got there we had to locate the attendant who was this very jittery person who didn't know he was doing. Asked us to leave the car on the street and he will take care of it, then directing me to back into a small section in front of the hotel where the car didn't fit and then said to leave it there with the front hanging out!! The check in and out was good. The location was amazing, in the middle of it all and yet quiet when the windows are shut. Step out the back entrance and the trolley turn around point is right there, loved that. Restaurants, stores, bars it was all a few steps from this hotel.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great Place to stay !	Spent the weekend in San Francisco for the Nike Woman's Marathon. What a great place to stay. Out the front door and BART is just a few steps away. Great way to get to and from the airport. $5.35 each way and the trains are safe and frequent. Also located at the Powell Cable Car turnaround for access to the cable car, and a block away from the &quot;F&quot; bus that will take you to Fisherman's Warf for $1.50. Across the street from a huge mall, and a few blocks from Macy's and every other large department star as well as small recognizeable names. Burger King is located below the hotel, and they open at 6:00 am for easterners who get up early looking for a breakfast sandwich.The rooms are nice, clean, and well appointed. No AC, but ceiling fans to move the air. Each room has a coffee maker and a nice TV. Staff very friendly and helpful. Would definately book The powell again if I return to San Fran.	
Oct 22 2008 	Brilliant Hotel!	Me and my boyfriend were looking for a cheap but central hotel to stay in when we went to SF, and booked The Powell as it was super cheap for a double, and very central. We weren't expecting much, but when we got there saw how unbelievable the location was. It was right next to the BART and Metro stations. If you turn the wrong way out of the hotel then you do end up in the Tenderloin (turn back the other way!) But everyone loves an unforgettable holiday story!The hotel itself was beautiful, huge mirrors, friendly staff, easy access. When we got up to the room we found a gorgeous high double bed, millions of pillows, beautiful bathroom, great freebies in the bathroom, flatscreen tv. We were situated at the back of the room which was very quiet and I got such good sleep there. I can't fault anything about the hotel, every part of the experience was amazing and i'm going back in December. Just make sure you don't turn and walk through the tenderloin and you'll have an amazing stay!	
Oct 15 2008 	Superb location!	I booked this hotel on the Internet and came up trumps! My wife and I spent a week there for around £400 back in 2005 and I would happily go back there and have recommended the hotel to friends several times. The location is unbeatable for convenience, as Powell Street Station is about 30 metres from the hotel doorway, which meant we got on the BART railway at the airport, and half an hour later we were standing in the hotel reception! Hotel staff were friendly and helpful enough, and the rooms were reasonably clean and well appointed, but they could really do with a lick of paint and some modernisation. But don’t forget that you’re paying a reasonable price for a big city hotel in the heart of everything so I wasn’t complaining. The only issue we had was the toilets kept blocking up and we were moved three times! As for location, we were close to a main station, where we could by a travel card for the week which allowed us to go all over the place on virtually anything, trams, streetcars, trains and buses, which was brilliant. And the fact that the trams were right outside the hotel was an extra bonus! So where to eat? There is a MacDonalds, and a regular diner a few doors up, another restaurant across the road, several bars and even an Indian restaurant all within a block, and Chinatown is only a ten minute walk. Get a tram down to the harbour and the choice is even better! So the hotel and location is great, but a word of warning - if you walk down the main street where Powell Street station is and you happen to see a “traditional” Indian restaurant that looks like an old English café, don’t bother! I think I’d get better food and better service in the backstreets of Calcutta!	
Oct 6 2008 	A great place to stay	Ideal location to explore San Fran, its right opposite the Bart Station and the cable car (and place where you buy the tickets is right outside). You're right in the middle of town but its safe. The hotel is clean and well decorated, has friendly and helpful staff. Even though we had a budget room, it was well decorated and funished and quiet and night. Ideal!	
Oct 6 2008 	Great Location; Good Service; Old Hotel	If you want to stay near Union Square, Market Ave and Cable Cars, this is a great choice. The hotel is kind of old, the rooms could use a renewal, but the location is great and the crew is very helpfull. It's a good choice for the cost.	
Sep 26 2008 	Helpful Staff! Rooms need attention!	The staff were very helpful and friendly!The first room we were allocated was VERY small for 3 adults and was on the Cyril Magnin side of the building, which was particularly noisy! The TV didn't work and it was stuffy and hot!We were moved along the corridor to a much bigger room which overlooked the bins and rear of other buildings. We had 2 TV's but the bathroom was terrible! Crack in the sink, Floor tiles broken and uneven. The decor was very shabby in the room but the communal areas were great! We were only staying 2 nights, so we put up with it.The location is great for transport on the trolly or Bart and easy access to shopping and restauarant facilities.Ask for a renovated room!!!	
Sep 14 2008	A bit expensive for a fairly average hotel but great location	We went slightly over our usual budget for this hotel, and I'm not sure it was worth it. The room was quite small, and the hotel had nothing really special about it - except that it was in a very good location, close to BART and MUNI trains to the airport and the rest of the city, as well as the cable car to Fisherman's Wharf.The receptionists recommended a couple of good places to eat nearby that turned out to be excellent finds. We had a particularly good time eating, drinking and singing karaoke in Thai King Noodle (or Thai Noodle King?) on 5th between Market and Mission.	
Aug 4 2008 	Great Location	Location, location, location...perfect for all that San Francisco has to offer. Just yards from the Powell Street BART Station after a short ride from SFO and is also right next to the cable car terminus which is a great way of getting to Fishermans Wharf. Also an excellent location for shopping. Oh and the hotel is really good as well...	
Jul 29 2008 	A great place to stay	I really enjoyed my stay here. The room was a good size and was very clean and very comfortable. The ensuite was very satisfactory also. I found the staff to be friendly and helpful. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.	
Jul 28 2008 	Absolutely Disgusting!	We stayed at the Powel Hotel as part of our honeymoon trip and I have to say that it was a filthy place to stay. On arrival we were given a room which, when we entered, had a nasty smell of faeces present. A sweet air freshener poorly masked this. We spoke to reception and were given access to an “upgraded” room. The smell of faeces was not there but the room smelt old and musty, again masked by sweet air freshener. We reluctantly accepted the new room as we reckoned all rooms would be to the same poor standard.There was a crack in the sink and a rusty spot in the tiny bath. As soon as we dropped our luggage, we visited a general store and purchased disinfectant to clean the bathroom!After the second day, I broke out in itchy spots down my left arm and leg. When we came back to Scotland I visited my doctor and her diagnosis was that a crawling, biting insect had bitten me and concluded that it was probably flea bites.During our four-night stay our room was not vacuumed.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great Stay	Great location and price. Travelling with gf and it was a great fit for us since we don't need luxury. Would definitely recommend this hotel for people who are looking for a no-thrills experience but with great location and staff.	
Jun 29 2008 	Great location	I booked this hotel for a shopping trip to SF with my 17 year old daughter. We wanted something convenient to Union Square and the Westfield Mall. For this purpose, there isn't a better location - it's directly across from the Gap stores at the cable car turnaround and the Mall is right across Market Street. The place shows its age but the price was right ($119/nite and $31 for valet parking), the service was friendly, the beds were comfortable (we had a funny little corner room with tall twin beds) and it was clean enough, although there was hair (not ours) on the floor in the bath - always a yuck for me. This area can be kind of noisy - it's the center of action as far as Market Street shopping and the cue for the cable cars is directly in front of the hotel entrance, so there was some noise late at night and early in the am, but overall it was an ideal place to stay for shopping and enjoying the bustle of SF. I would stay again.	
Jun 15 2008 	Perfect medium-class SF hotel	I was in SF for a convention and wanted to stay a few extra days on my own expense - so I shifted from the expensive Hotel480 to Powell, and what an improvement in how I was treated! The staff is certainly the most helpful I have ever experienced. The hotel is medium/budget priced, so don't expect fancy amenities like minibar or breakfast restaurant (but who cares, Lori's Diner and a hundred other restaurants are in walking distance!), but the location is absolutely perfect, the treatment is kind and professional, and the rooms are tidy and quite charming. Also free wireless internet - something the snobby Hotel480 charged an additional $10/day for! Your only alternatives for a decent hotel with excellent location are the Hilton, Westin, and other $250+ hotels - so the decision is up to your wallet!	
Jun 10 2008 	Nice hotel PERFECT location	I stayed here with my wife on an anniversary trip to San Francisco, the first time to the city for both of us, and we couldn't have stayed at a better place! The location is mentioned by just about all of the reviews, and I couldn't agree more that it is perfect. The cable car turnaround is literally right out the fron door, and Market St. is about 50 steps away, on which there is a plethora of public transportation lines. We especially loved the F line, which is served by ~20 historic street cars from around the world. It runs from the Castro, down Market St to the Embarcadero and right to Fisherman's Wharf. This is a great way to get from the hotel to the Alcatraz tour. Overall, a car is definitely not necessary since you can take the BART from SFO, walk from the BART station to the hotel, and then be so close to all the transportation you can ever imagine needing.The hotel itself was clean, friendly, and comfortable. There is no A/C, but this seems to be standard in SF given the mild temps. We were there in early June and we never needed the A/C. The hotel seems to be recently renovated, which was nice, but our bathroom was circa 1950. It was clean and functional, but just not up to the standard of many hotels these days. I did notice the &quot;old&quot; smell that some have mentioned but it is not unpleasant and you soon don't even notice it.The staff is friendly and helpful, although they kinda struck out when it came to local dining recommendations.Overall, this is a great place for anyone visiting the city who wants to really get around and see things.	
Apr 19 2008 	Lovely Hotel	We stayed at this hotel at the end of March 2008, and found it to be well located, the staff were very helpful and friendly. The room was well thought out and clean and the bed was lovely and comfy.	
Apr 10 2008 	Great Location	We didn't really know what to expect after reading some reviews that were less than flattering but what a pleasant surprise we had.The hotel although an old building was well maintained, clean and tidy. While the room was not large it contained a beautifully comfortable king size bed which we appreciated after a long flight from Australia.The staff were pleasant and helpful.The convenience of being able to just step out the door into the middle of the city and the cable car terminus was great.I would highly recommend this hotel to family and friends.	
Mar 13 2008 	Loved the location didn't love the hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Powell for the weekend and were really impressed by the location. We took the BART from the airport and it literally dumped us at the entrance of the hotel. Also at the entrance of the hotel is the end of the cable car line, and it will literally take you across town to the Fisherman's Wharf area. All very convenient. It is also in the heart of Union Square shopping which was great.The hotel itself was ok, but for $200 a night (not my idea of a true &quot;budget&quot; hotel), we were expecting more than we got. The hallway and room smelled old and musty. The room itself had random pipes along the walls. The bathroom had a 2 by 4 excuse for a &quot;shower&quot;, and the water was lukewarm no matter what setting it was on. The saving grace was the very comfortable bed.They do have valet parking which is about $30 a day and quick and easy. Check in and check out were hassle free. We loved the location and on a second trip would probably want to try one of the other hotels in the area.	
Mar 11 2008 	Nice little hotel with fantastic location.	My girlfriend found this hotel online and suggested to book it for a relatively inexpensive long President's Day weekend. Reviews looked good and the location was ideal for public transportation since we were flying in (cheaper than driving from San Diego!) so we booked it.First, it was awesome to come out of the BART station and find the hotel maybe 20 steps away. 10 steps away is the cable car turn around. We were at the hotel at about 9:30am and were relieved to find out that the hotel was able to check us in early (so we could take a well needed nap). Check in was fast and the staff friendly and helpful.We got to the room. It's clear the hotel is fairly old, but the paint in the room and halls is fresh, if a few layers thick from many years service. Carpet appeared to be new. The room was somewhat small, but I didn't feel cramped. I knew there was no A/C, but I couldn't find a heater thermostat. I'm thinking maybe it's old enough to use radiant heat? I was fine but my girlfriend was a bit cold at times.Furniture was fine and the flat screen TV on the desk worked fine and helped maximize space in the room. The bed and linens were clean and comfortable. Bathroom was fairly small but in nice shape. Shower was clean but the water couldn't get hot enough for me. Even at the hottest setting, it was merely warm, which was a disappointment to my weary muscles after walking all over town. Our room was facing into the outdoor center area of the building, which meant the view was crummy, but we were also away from the ringing bells of the cable cars outside which others have complained about. Our room was quiet and we had no interruptions. We had to call the front desk to get a hair drier and one of the staff showed up about 3 minutes later to deliver it.As mentioned before, the location is great, and several MUNI bus and street car lines are within a block of the hotel. Union Square is very close by. I made a reservation for a late Valentine's day dinner at a restaurant based on reviews online and it even turned out to be just a block from the hotel. We were able to walk to Chinatown easily.Overall we were very happy with our choice and would gladly stay there again.	
Mar 9 2008 	Like this no-fuss hotel in ideal location	We stayed in this hotel a few years ago and have returned. Ideal location near BART station, end of tram line and close to the shopping hub. If you don't want all the amenities of a 5* hotel (bar/restaurant/gym etc) then I think this has it all. Yes the rooms are small compared to normal US sizes, but it is an old building with a lot of character. And hey, when you're in SF you don't spend a lot of time in your room :-)	
Feb 25 2008 	Great Historic Hotel with Modern Conveniences	A great old hotel that has been updated with modern conveniences. The rooms are small but the beds are very comfortable. A flat screen TV helps to make the most of the space. The bathroom is much smaller than newer hotels but very functional. The only thing you'll miss is a big counter since there is only a small ledge over the sink. The free wi-fi is an awesome touch.The best thing about this hotel is its location. Its right in the heart of Union Square, steps from the Powell BART stop (very convenient for travel to and from the airport). In fact my room overlooked the trolley turnaround! Although I enjoyed this site, if you are sensitive to noise you may want to ask for a room that doesn't since there is bell ringing indicating the trolley is ready to board from early in the morning to late at night. Since I am used to city noise, this didn't bother me a bit! I was attending a conference and only had to walk 5-minutes to the Moscone Center. And I didn't feel uncomfortable walking around late at night.Overall, I was very pleased with this hotel. It was an amazing bargain for the price and the convenient location couldn't be beat!	
Feb 17 2008 	Comfy and Awesome Location!	I'm a college student, and I needed a good budget hotel to stay in within the city for an interview. I was very surprised and pleased that I was able to find such a good hotel within my budget! They staff was wonderful, I had a late flight into SFO, and had mentioned it to the person I booked with-when I arrived, they immediately knew who I was, asked about my flight, etc. Room was small, but expected since it's an older restored buidling. But you definitely could not beat the location! So convenient to everything! I would totally recommend this to anyone who wants to stay in San Fran and sight see, be comfortable, and stay within a certain budget. It does get noisy at times-but hey. when you stay in the middle of a city you expect that. Overall, I LOVED my stay there and would totally recommend it to anyone going to san fran!	
Feb 14 2008 	Great Location Very Friendly Staff	The hotel is in a great location. You are right by the Cable car turnaround, BART station and near to the MUNI buses as well The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel is great for people who are on budget.	
Feb 9 2008 	Hidden gem for budget traveler	Booked it while attending a conference in SF. The conference hotel is too expensive and many attendees chose this as the overflow alternate. For budget minded travel that wanted a decent stay but not hostels, this is the place. You really cannot beat it with its location. With BART,MUNI,cable car station right at the door step of hotel. However, the room is a bit dated although newly renovated. Old time smell permeates the place like one earlier post suggested. However the bed is comfortable as it comes with many pillows! The noise from the bustiling Powell and Market street plus the &quot;ding ding&quot; sound from cable car is bearable. Just make sure you choose the higher floor to avoid that.This hotel only has a small breakfast/snack bar, but with its location right at the central downtown, basically you can find all sorts of restaurants,outlets.	
Jan 28 2008	Loved it loved it loved it....	Low expectations were afoot when we arrived at the Powell- it was cheaply priced with no restaurant. We soon learned not to judge too soon. The hotel staff were genuinely enthusiastic and welcoming and literally couldn't do enough for us. The central location meant we didn't notice the absence of a dining room. In fact the location and quirky old school rooms really made our stay in SF! It was a joy to escape Holiday Inn decor in favour of solid furniture and personlaity. The location was second to none and we cannot wait to return to this hidden gem!	
Jan 3 2008 	Friendly Cozy but not a Bible-Free Powell	I actually rather enjoyed my stay at the Powell Hotel. It was a little difficult to find at first, but after a couple days, I got to enjoy its low profile. The staff were really friendly and helpful, and watched our bags even after we had checked out since we were still attending a conference. The room had a great &quot;older&quot; feeling to it. I liked how it was not the typical square room. The room was small, but cozy. And while all of my needs were met, I was insulted by the presence of a Bible in the room. I understand this is pretty &quot;standard&quot; for hotels, but I will never give a 5 dot review for a Bible-Thumping Hotel. I look forward to &quot;Bible-Free&quot; hotel rooms.	
Dec 16 2007 	Great staff free wireless close to things	The hotel is proximate to a lot of interesting things -- it's at the terminus of the cable car line to Chinatown, there's a BART stop right out the door, the Moscone and MoMA are three blocks away. The disadvantage of this location is the location: that part of the city is very noisy. The staff were top notch in helpfulness and enthusiasm. The room was small, but comfortable with a lot of pillows on the bed and a ceiling fan for cooling. For amenities, there was a flat screen TV (basic channels), free wireless, coffee maker, and hair dryer.As for minuses: the bathroom had mini-blinds whose louvers weren't adjustable, but pointed down. The problem was the hotel across the street would have a [bad] into the activities in the bathroom.	
Dec 4 2007 	Location friendly helpful staff and a great historic building!	When I made my reservation I asked for a top floor room facing the cable car turnaround. Daniel at the front desk took great of me and put me in the top corner room (606) looking down Powell St. The room was very clean and comfortable and the beds were pillow top and so comfy and there was a flat screen TV. The bells ringing on the cable cars didn't bother me at all because I like the sound of the city and the tunes the cable car operators play...you get the real flavor of the city. We flew into Oakland and caught the Bart train over to the Powell St. terminal, and when we came up out of the subway the tall, ornate buildings were an amazing sight. Perfect location, the mall is directly across the street and you can take the cable car in front of the hotel down to Fisherman's wharf. We choose this hotel because it was historic and all kinds of transportation was at our fingertips. Also, we were only 2 blocks away from the Golden Gate Theater where we saw a show. If you like quant old hotels that are in good repair for a very reasonable price then you will love this place!	
Nov 22 2007 	Location location location. Old. Clean.	I stayed at the Powell during a recent large convention in SF. You absolutely could not do any better than the location of this hotel - convenient to everything and every mode of transportation. The hotel itself, however ... you'll either like it or hate it. It's VERY old. An ancient musty smell permeates the place. There are new carpets and floor treatments in the halls, and my room was reasonably clean. There's no AC, so the window was open 24/7 for ventilation. Noise was fine (I had an interior room, so the window didn't overlook the street. The closet door wouldn't close - there must be 1/2 inch of paint on there - dozens of layers. The bathroom was functional and clean but has clearly seen better days. The bed was comfortable and the sheets were clean and in good shape.If you like staying in little out-of-the-way spots, maybe when you go go Europe, then you'll be perfectly happy here. If you think the Courtyard or the Hyatt is the perfect hotel ... you'll be a bit disgusted by the place.	
Nov 5 2007 	Fab location	We have just returned from a 10 day tour of California and we started our trip in San Francisco, staying for 3 nights at the Powell Hotel.The location of the hotel is fantastic. Before our trip the address confused me a little as the address of the hotel is Argile Street but the pictures are of Powell Street. Basically the hotel has two entrances, the main one on Argile Street and one on Powell Street which means you are bang in the centre of all the action with the cable car turnaround outside the door. I was really pleasantly surprised by the hotel and the rooms. Decor and furnishing in the hotel lobby etc were of a much higher standard than I was expecting and I was again surprised with our room (120). It felt like the room had recently been renovated and althought it was quite small with no view it felt very quiet with no noise/disturbance from the cable car turnaround. The bathroom was very plush and overall I was really impressed with how the hotel met my expectations.We pretty much used the hotel as a base so I don't have anything to add on the service / breakfast etc but I would definitely recommend this hotel for location, value and great rooms.In terms of tourist info.... I would recommend the city tour and Alcatraz with Z Tours, wandering around Fishermans Wharf during the day, Ghiradelli's Chocolate shop (I had the best strawberry ice cream waffle cone), Bubba Gumps (for the attraction rather than the food (cold) and table wait) and the lower food level of the shopping centre near Union Square - upscale eateries/food court feel. The Cheesecake Factory had a great atmosphere too but a one and a half hour wait for a table meant we just had drinks at the bar.	
Nov 3 2007 	Disappointed by Powell	I recently stayed in the Powell hotel when it was selected as an &quot;overflow&quot; hotel for a recent conference. The lobby was fairly well decorated, and the front desk staff was friendly despite shirts that very clearly needed to be pressed. To be fair, I don't remember exactly how the reservation was worded, but I recall booking 2 beds. My assumption was that there would be 2 full beds. In fact, there were 2 twin beds. The renovations were quite disappointing. Years of painting on top of layers of paint have resulted in very poor paint finishes -- puffy due to too many layers in sections, with doors that are painted so poorly that brush strokes were often clearly visible. Carpeting in the hallways appeared new, but looked cheap as did the faux wood flooring that was interspersed with the new carpeting. According to the front desk staff, the ice machine was broken during my stay (they only mentioned one on the 3rd floor, while it is possible that there were others, they weren't mentioned). My room was particularly unpleasant ,and it is the reason for my rating of 2 stars vs. 3. The paint in the rooms was bubbling and peeling in areas, particularly by the radiator which appeared to me to be the only way to heat the room (VERY noisy). Additionally, the noise out front of the hotel was a problem. Although the proximity to the cable cars is quaint, the near-constant bells and noises are distracting and interfere with attempts to work in your room. The carpeting in my room was disgusting in places and resembled the pictures of stained carpeting posted by others (I did not photograph my room). The bathroom was large and stocked with the basics, although the grout between tiles was discolored and in some places chipped. There appeared to have been no attempt to decorate the bathroom which was totally white except some peach-colored tile around the bathtub. The cleaning staff did an admirable job each day attempting to clean a room that was well past its prime. Towel and amenities were restocked daily. I wish that I had photographed my room to show readers more clearly the details to which I am referencing; however, rest assured that my room did not resemble some of the nicer rooms photographed by other travelers. It is possible that renovation efforts had not reached my floor (?) although the hallways looked complete.	
Oct 13 2007 	Location Location Location	A friend and I stayed at the Powel Hotel based on research of reviews on Tripadvisor. I found the positive reviews informative and accurate. Aside from the very reasonable rates for a San Francisco hotel, the number one plus for the Powell is location, location, location! Located at the Powell and Market BART station, access to and from the airport is very convenient (roundtrip fare $10.30). Other points in the Bay Area are also easily reached from here via BART. The Powell is also at the terminating point for the streetcar line going to Fisherman's Wharf and on Market one can catch the MUNI to the Embarcadero or the Castro. If you plan to use public transportation I would recommend purchasing a MUNI pass. The three day pass is $18.00 and gives you unlimited access. Since a oneway fare on the streetcar is $5.00 you can see how this could be a real money saver.The Powel itself is a quaint, clean and courteous establishment. I have stayed in much higher rated hotels in San Francisco in the past, but for the money and location the Powell, in my opinion, ,just can't be beat.	
Sep 28 2007 	i still can't believe i stayed there	first i have to say the staff was great.the room was gross it smelled bad,mold growing in the bathroom.sheets reminded me of hospital sheets..i booked a room with expedia it was booked as a 2 double bed room.we got 2 twin beds.we check out 2 days early and i will never stay there or use expedia again.melinda myers fort worth texas	
Sep 5 2007 	Location Location Location!	We had a blast staying at the Powell for three days. wheather was perfect, specially for us coming from Palm Springs. The room we booked was a very cute junior suite room 442. We parked our car and did not use it for the entire stay. The 3day muni pass is a wise buy. We rode the trolleys, F-Line, and buses unlimited for $18. The stop is just a few steps from our hotel. I was nervous about the noise level complaints I read about, but we had no problems. Slept with windows open to get the nice breeze. The only complaints I had was that the door handle was loose and broke off the first night we where there. Their was no one on staff that could fix it so we had to wait until the next morning to be taken care of, which ment that we could not go out to town for a late dinner for fear of not being able to go back into our room. That was a huge dissapointment but we where determined to have a great time and ended the night playing board games and sipping wine. Overall it was the perfect place to stay for first timers in San Francisco.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great Location	Don't be fooled by the cheap room rates, this is an excellent hotel. Great Location right next to the BART station means you don't need a car or have to get a Taxi from the Airport, plus there's the Muni Historic F line and the Cable car turnaround right outside the door. Although the Hotel was being refurbished when we were there, it really wasn't a nuisance for us. Our room on the sixth floor was huge, and the Hotel's small breakfast bar provides an excellent choice.	
Aug 21 2007	Broken mirror from valet	The front desk staff were friendly. The room was old, dirty, smelled funny. Took forever to get towels in the room. Cigarette burn in hotel comforter.I parked my car in valet and when I got it back my side MIRROR WAS BROKEN. When I called about this, the general manager was rude, told ME what I should have done. Then, told me that I should contact the valet service (they are not the ones that park the car). No one wanted to talk to me. Typical.	
Jul 26 2007 	Great All-Around!	Perfect location, right at the end of the Powell/Hyde and Powell/Mason trolley car lines. Surrounded by great food and great shopping. Friendly staff, clean rooms. Renovated, but still antiquarian and charming. No airconditioning, but great ceiling fan! San Francisco is not really warm enough to worry about AC here. Highly recommended.	
Jul 25 2007 	Okay Hotel	We spent 2 nights at the Powell. The hotel staff was friendly, and parking was reasonable ($31/day). Our room was very small and it had a musty smell. We opened the windows to bring in some fresh air. However, because this hotel is next to the cabel cars, there is a lot of noise outside. We kept the windows open the 1st night (because there was no air conditioning) and we could barely sleep with all the noise. On the 2nd night, we decided to keep the windows closed. The room was stuffy, but we slept better without all the noise. The shower head was at a hight of about 5 feet, 5 inches, and my husband is over 6 feet...he had to do a back bend to wash his hair. The lock on our door was not screwed in properely, and the door was sticking. We informed the hotel staff, and within an hour our lock was fixed and someone came to shave some paint off our door, so that it would open easily. The hotel is in a very convenient location for tourists and close to lots of shopping.	
Jul 23 2007 	Mixed Blessing	Pros:- Location was perfect within walking distance to many restaurants and attractions- Quiet- Wi-Fi access was easy to obtain- PriceCons: - Room was a bit small; bathroom was even smaller- The windows do not open and, as a personal preference, I tend to to crack the windows for some fresh air.- The hallways are dank and dark and are in need of cleaning	
Jul 21 2007 	Great Location Powell	Friendly staff, valet parking is a good deal @ 31.00 + tax.Coffee shop in lobby, trolley line is right outside the hotel doors. Shopping is great in this neighborhood, Starbucks and Walgreens are close by.Our rooms was nice, tile in bathroom was old, carpets needed to be cleaned.	
Jun 29 2007	Location is Key	Just a quick comment on this hotel and its awesome location. It is smack dab in the middle of everything and just up the stairs from Pwell BART station. The rooms are nothing fancy, but clean and adequately sized. I have stayed here twice and would do so again if travelling solo and/or on a budget. Enjoy your stay in San Francisco! June	
Jun 24 2007 	Location has TWO meanings!	I just returned from a stay at the Powell. I want to open by saying that I have never stayed in a &quot;5-star&quot; hotel, but have stayed at many &quot;nice&quot; places right here in Vegas. (TI, Ceasars, Luxor etc) The location of the hotel can't be beat. We flew into Oakland, and took the BART system and seriously ended up just steps from the front door of the hotel. As many have mentioned, the cable cars are right out the front door and we used them a lot to get to the wharf. We stayed in a double room and it looked just like the photo on the website of a double room. They are not very large, but my wife, myself, and our two kids (8 and 12) did fine. It is a very old building, but I kind of thought that added to the place. The room was clean, and the beds were fine. We were out of the hotel most days for 12+ hours each day, so it was basically a place to sleep. This brings us to the reason that I say location has two meanings......we were in room 301 which is right above the cable car turnaround. It is LOUD! I would highly recommend that you bring earplugs as the cable cars go until after 12:30 at night and fire back up at 6:00 in the morning. Between the constant &quot;ding ding&quot; of the bells and the multitude of street performers playing any and all types of instruments (some not so well) just outside your window, it gets old. If you need a view (which was nice) bring earplugs. If a view isn't important, then press them early on for a room away from Powell Street. From the hotel, we were able to walk to many places including Union Square and China Town. (When walking to China town, walk over to Grant street and then up to China town. There is very little climb compared to trying to go up Powell and then down on California....VERY steep) We bought the CityPass and it was GREAT! I was a bit skeptical about the places that you get to see, but each and every place on the list was a first class establishment all the way. You can walk to the aquarium and the San Fran Museum of Modern Art right from the hotel, and the included MUNI system passes allow you to take busses/trolley/cablecars to the others for free. If you have kids, I can't tell you enough that the CityPass is a great investment. We were only there for 4 days and to really do a good job of seeing all of the places included in the CityPass, a couple of more days would have been nice as we felt a bit rushed at a couple of them. Overall, if you plan on spending a bunch of time at the hotel, this probably isn't the place for you. If, however, you need an inexpensive (we payed under $100 per night through hotels.com) place just to lay your head at night, this is a good option. It is by no means a fancy place, but it is decent and serves its purpose. As an added note, DO NOT walk out the &quot;back&quot; door of the hotel and continue into the &quot;tenderloin&quot; district. We walked about 2-3 blocks that direction, and it is NOT a place you want to be with your family. My wife was white with fear, and my kids eyes were the size of a medium pizza. It is a very scary area just a few blocks away, but the area at the hotel is fine and full of tourists.	
Jun 11 2007 	Stinky room	Even though the service wasn't too bad and it has great location, the Hotel rooms smelled. They were installing a new carpet above the old one and even though they changed our room, the stinky smell coud'nt be avoided.Try to find a hotel with parking, if you take your car to San Francisco.	
Jun 4 2007 	Powell Hotel is a fantastic deal!	My husband and I stayed at the Powell Hotel on a last minute weekend getaway. The hotel was very reasonably priced.It's a narrow building but easy to find after you get off the BART (rapid transit train) line from the airport, just look for the 'Forever 21' store and Sephora. We didn't get a newly renovated room as we had requested, but the room we got was actually quite nice regardless. A bit dim, and bathroom looked old, but everything was spotlessly clean. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. We were on the 6th floor facing away from the street so it wasn't noisy other than occasional sirens (if you are sensitive to noise then bring earplugs). Bedding and sofas looked new and they were putting in new carpet outside (must have done this during the day because we didn't notice any noise).the hotel staff were unfailingly polite and helpful. The hotel is located right next to the end of the streetcar line, so there is a lot of pedestrian traffic, plus there is a visitors information center nearby and the BART station. It is quite busy but felt very safe. There were ALWAYS at least 2-3 city cops and/or transit cops in the area. Lots of street entertainment, dancers, musicians etc. At night you need a key card to enter the hotel.The shopping nearby was outstanding and it was easy to jump on the cable car to visit fisherman's wharf, chinatown, lombard street etc. the museum of modern art is worth a visit and is three blocks away. Absolutely no complaints about this hotel. They also have free wireless internet.San Francisco was colder than we expected, especially near the water, so don't forget to bring a sweater (even in June).	
Jun 4 2007 	No complaints!	Great location. Decent accomodations. Room large enough for 3 people (Queen bed, with single roll away) Clean and comfortable. Renovations occurring, which sometimes can be an annoyance, but to me just showed the place was being taken care. Friendly and accomodating staff. Expensive-but what isn't during an event such as the Bay to Breakers 12k race?	
Jun 1 2007	mostly good but room smelled strongly of disinfectant	Overall the hotel was fine. The service was friendly and efficient; the bathroom was okay, except the shower was a bit small and the water took a long time to warm up; the room was a decent size; the price was reasonable, and it's in a central central location. There were a couple negatives. For example, the sound insulation was not great. When the neighbors are home you can hear them. A friend mentioned that if you get a room facing the street it is quite loud, as outside it is very busy (main shopping street with cable car turnaround right outside). Also, the furniture was a bit drabby. Given the price of the hotel, this might me expected and didn't bother me much. The bathroom was quite comfortable (except for shower, mentioned above).The main negative was the Smell. The room had a disinfectant odor that was worse than lysol and would not disappear. Perhaps if I complained I could have gotten another room, but I didn't complain.I would recommend and consider staying here again if it wasn't for the smell. It truly damaged my impression of the hotel.	
May 25 2007 	Hotel was pretty nice	Hotel is pretty good. We were surprized.Room was very large and clean.A little old, but location buys everything.Staff was very friendly.	
May 18 2007	Terrible hotel great location	Location location location! The only thing you can expect this hotel is its 'location'.My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights.I booked a delux room through Expedia.com, and our room was on the 3rd floor, inside of the building(no view), and had 2 queens. It was quiet at night so we can slept well.After we checked in, we changed our room twice because rooms facing the Powell Street are SO NOISY even though on the 5th floor.They show pictures of newly renovated rooms, but our room was TERRIBLY DATED.The bathroom floor was VERY DIRTY, so after taking a shower, we can't walk on it without shoes. The fan in the bathroom didn't work so we asked the front desk to fix it, but they never did.The maid service was horrible. They never clean up the bathroom unless we asked to.I warn you, you should spend your money on much better hotels in San Francisco.	
May 15 2007 	Great for the Budget Traveler	The location is perfect for the budget traveler seeing the sites by train or bus. Based on my nightly rate, it greatly exceeded my expectations. Clean bathrooms and very helpful service. The staff was accomodating and gave great directions. Traveling alone, I didn't feel unsafe but with every metropolitan city you must be cautious. The lobby is well lit and there's always someone behind the desk. However, the greatest strength is the location. There are many retail stores, cafes, and diners to choose from. I especially liked the drug store around the corner that supplied most of my toilettries (in perfect travel sizes of course).	
Apr 26 2007 	Never again at The Powell Hotel	My friends, our kids and I got several rooms for one night at the Powell Hotel in San Francisco during our spring break. This was our second time at this hotel but we feel it has really gone downhill. We did not feel safe at this hotel. A man tried to follow us up to my room right after check-in. We confronted him in the hall because he was slowly following us. He mumbled something about trying to find a bathroom. We reported him right away. The desk clerk said he &quot;thought he was with us.&quot; We feel sure he planned to rob us or worse. The front door is supposed to be locked after 7 P.M. We returned at 8:30 and it was unlocked.The hotel is undergoing renovations and they began using power tools and playing a radio right outside my friend's room at 7:30 A.M.The bathrooms were not very clean looking. The corners of the floors had hair in them.The capper was when we discovered that we had been bitten by bed bugs! I did complain to hotel management during and after our visit. I barely received a response.	
Apr 23 2007 	Noisy!!!	The hotel was not bad,nice lobby,decent but small room,dated clean bath.But the noise was the worst,constant ringing bells from the cable cars,drunks under the windows at all hours of the nightif you cannot deal with a great deal of &quot;urban&quot; noise find another place to stay.	
Apr 23 2007 	Great Location and service	It would be very hard for any hotel in the city to beat the service and location of the Powell. We stayed for eight nights in a standard room and it was all we could hope for. It was very clean and comfortable. You can get anywhere you want in the city via any means of public transportation which are located outside the front door of the hotel. I would suggest that when you book that you request a room on an upper floor as the street noise could be a little loud on the lower floors. Other than that, I would stay there any time we go back to SF.	
Mar 28 2007 	Just Great--Excellent Value and Location	We just got back from a business trip to San Fran and stayed at the Powell for $80/night. Our usual hotel, the Chancellor, quoted us $160/night so we decided to give the Powell a try. We checked in very early but they were able and willing to accommodate us. Unfortunately, they put us right outside the staircase they are renovating so we heard drills and hammering all morning every morning. But, being on the sixth floor and on the back side of the building, we didn't have any noise problems from the street.The rooms are great for the price and you really can't beat the location. Our room was pretty clean, though there was a bunch of dust behind the head board.It seems the hotel is undergoing a large-scale renovation. Can't speak to the unrenovated rooms but everything else seems just fine for the price. I have stayed in much more expensive, much more disgusting places and was actually very impressed with this hotel. I would definitely stay here again. Parking is $30/night and you have to call for your car. You can prolly find cheaper parking in one of the public lots and self park to save money.	
Mar 18 2007	Pretty good worth the money great location	Location Location Location! For those who didn't like this hotel I am guessing they got the standard room. We got the standard because we didn't plan to be in our room for anything other than sleeping. We did see the &quot;superior room&quot; which is much larger and more attractive, but if you are here to see the city the small room with it's own bathroom (watch out at some boutique hotels where they are community) will do just fine. The rooms are clean, and baths are newly remodeled. Free WiFi is alwasy importaint to me also and they provide that feature. When you walk out on to Powell you are directly at the turn around for the trolley -- a good photo op. Two blocks from Union Sqare, and a few more from Chicatown, EVERYTHING you need is right on the Tolley line for an 11$ day pass! The hotel staff is just avearge, and their vallet service isn't exactly timely. BUT over all I would certainly stay here again.	
Mar 2 2007 	Great Stay Great Location	I coudn't of asked for a better stay. the staff were very helpfull. my room was clean. i was traveling alone and could get anywhere in sf by walking out my front door! it is safe and easy to ride all the public transportation. i was in a remodeled room which i did request. i checked for lowest price on-ine then called the motel directly. TIP: Buy a city pass it's much cheaper!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Feb 20 2007 	Great location very comfortable	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Powell over a long weekend and were very comfortable, thanks to a little effort in advance.It seems that when you book a room at the Powell through hotels.com or another third-party service, you may not be guaranteed the room you thought you were getting. So the day before we checked in, I (who arrived in SF a day early) went in person to the front desk and asked to pre-book a specific room in the renovated section of the hotel, on a high floor, on the back/inside of the building (away from the cablecar stop). The 5 minutes this took gave us a comfortable double room on the top floor -- silent, clean, bright, all new bathroom fixtures -- basically everything you could ask for in a bargain boutique hotel. My advice: at least call a day ahead to make sure the hotel is aware of your room preferences. The staff is very helpful and willing to make these arrangements for you.Otherwise, great location (at the trolley and Muni/Bart, 3 blocks from Union Square, across from the Westview shopping complex with salons, movie theater and grocery store), cute decor, helpful staff. Wonderful deal if you don't insist on the Ritz.	
Feb 19 2007 	poor hotel despite great location	My wife stayed here on business, and I met her for the weekend. We thought this would be a nice cheap option with a good location. The location was indeed great, but in our opinion the hotel and service was poor. The wireless Internet service was intermittent at best, the paint on the walls was peeling, the room was too hot. Our biggest complaint was that when we requested to lock up a laptop computer using a computer cable and lock provide by my wife's company, they refused to let us into the basement storage area. We tried to explain that it was a company policy, that it would only take a minute and that we would be happy to let them escort us to the storage room, but they wouldn't budge and there was no manager on site for us to speak to. She had to carry her laptop computer around all day, which was annoying. My wife has travelled on many business trips, has always made the same request, and never had a problem with it. If you come to San Francisco on business with a laptop computer, this NOT the hotel for you.	
Jan 10 2007	Excellent location and Good Quality rooms	After reading previous reviews I was pleasantly surprised with how spacious and nicely furnished the rooms were. Our standard room was very clean and had all the mod cons, (although having a kettle in the room would have been nice). The location was excellent right next to all the shops and transport incl cable car right outside, BART and local buses. I will certainly be staying at this hotel again when I go back to San Francisco.	
Nov 27 2006 	Convenience not worth it!	The Powell Hotel is very convenient. It's within walking distance of numerous restaurants and shops. It's also right in front of the cable car turn around. BUT THE HOTEL ITSELF IS HORRIBLE.On their website, they show you pictures of their newly renovated rooms. What they don't tell you is that only half of the rooms have been renovated. We reserved a non-smoking room with 2 double beds. They gave us a smoking, 1 double bed with a roll away in a not-yet-renovated room. The size of the room was barely bigger than the double bed. With the rollaway out and pushed up against the foot of the bed, we had about 12 inches of walking room (I'm sure this is a fire hazard!). The room reeked of cigarette smoke. There is no air conditioning in the hotel and the only window in our little room was broken and wouldn't open. Even when we told them that my friend may have an asthma attack because the smoke was so bad, they denied us another room. Apparently, they overbooked for the night and they had nothing else available. They also informed us that because we didn't book directly through the hotel, we were not guaranteed the type of room. That's how we ended up with the worst accomodations possible. It was a horrible experience.	
Nov 22 2006 	Not very clean twin beds and bad parking	I stayed at the Powell Hotel at the end of October for 2 nights and was surprised that for more than $240 per night, which is what my office paid for the room, that it was old, tiny and had two small twin beds as a standard. The room was also not very well cleaned with dust on the furniture and hair in the sink and the bathtub. Also, the thing that I found most irritating was the valet parking that cost $30/night (which is pretty standard for that area) but took more than 30 minutes each time I needed to retrieve the rental car. There's no restaurant or bar in the hotel but since it's in Union Square there are plenty of other options. Since the hotel is right at the end of the Powell trolley line, I was unhappy to realize that my room was filled with the clang-clang late into the evening and early in the morning -- something of a wake up call, I guess. I'd recommend trying to get a room on a higher floor as I was on the 2nd only and the trolley and street noise was quite loud. I did like the line of freebie shampoo/conditioner/soap that they use in their bathrooms. Overall, the hotel was disappointing but in large part in relation to the high cost per night. If I'd paid $100 a night, I would've thought it was fine for a lower-end room in a high-priced town.	
Oct 29 2006 	Couldn't wait to leave!	My husband and I had planned to stay at the Powell in San Francisco for 4 nights. We ended up staying only one night and got out of there asap. We booked our &quot;standard room&quot; on hotels.com under the understanding that it was a double or queen bed. When we got there, the guy at the (very messy) front desk told us that they didn't have that room, and we'd have to stay in a room with two twin beds. My husband is 6'6&quot;, so that wasn't going to fly. I had read about the renovated rooms on this site, so I asked for one, and the guy said he didn't have any. We told them we were going to find another hotel in the area, and all of a sudden they had a queen room available for us. So we went to the queen room, which was very old but had new carpet and new bed linens. The window looked out into a small concrete shaft with exhaust fans in it and faced a few feet away from other room windows. The bathroom was very old but appeared clean. Within the first 5 minutes of being in the bathroom, a VERY LARGE COCKROACH crawled out from the wall near the toilet and joined us. We called the front desk and within a few minutes someone came up and picked up the cockroach and flushed it down the toilet. The guy who cleaned it up (maintenence guy?) told us that now he was going to get in trouble. He moved us to yet another room, which was one of the renovated rooms we had asked for in the first place. The renovated room was nice and felt more secure than the older room. It also didn't have any holes in the walls for roaches to crawl out from. We got out of there the next morning and spent the rest of our trip at the downtown Marriott which was so very much cleaner.In summary:The only good thing about the Powell is the location. You cannot get a better location than this... it is directly next to all public transportation you could possibly need, plus in walking distance to museums, restaurants, shopping, etc. If you can get one of the renovated rooms, they're better, but the front desk is sure to give you the runaround and try to give you an old room first.Bad things- cockroaches, dirty old room, shady service. I would NEVER stay at the Powell again. If you're staying there, bring your flip-flops and don't sleep with your mouth open!!!	
Sep 30 2006 	Surprisingly Great Little Hotel	I was meeting some friends in SF and they had already booked rooms at the Powell. I did the same, so that hanging out would be easier, but I expected the hotel to be a dump. Surprise surprise, it was quite nice.I paid $96 a night plus $34 for valet parking (overpriced, but you're paying for convenience - parking garages in the area charge $20-27/night). I tend to spend about $150/night plus parking when I stay in SF, and often the cleanliness and quality of the rooms at the price are not that great. So you can see why I thought the Powell would be a dump at $96/night.I was asked on check in if I wanted a low-floor or a high-floor. I requested a high-floor. People who chose to stay in low floors and complain about the noise are crazy. You're in the middle of the City. Of course there's going to be noise when you're 30 feet from one of the main throughfares (Market St.) and you decide to be on a low floor.The room was small but more than adequate for one person. There was room for the queen bed, a chair in the corner, a low dresser with the television on it, two night stands and still there was plenty of space to walk around the bed. The bathroom was also on the small-ish size, but 2 people could have been in there at the same time with no problem.The room was furnished very nicely. The sheets were clean and of very good quality, the comforter was wrapped in a sheet, which was great, and the pillows were super comfy. The room also had old-fashioned arcitectural features, such as beautiful crown-molding. The closet had nice wooden hangers and there were about 12 of them, which was very useful.it's true that there was no air-conditioner in the room, but that's pretty standard for SF. Very few homes in the City have air-conditioning because it's rarely hot enough to need AC. A ceiling fan would have been nice, but I stayed absolutely comfortable during my time in the room by opening or closing the window if I got cold or warm. A novel concept, I realize, but it works.The staff were very nice and helpful. The location is great for most tourists - Powell cable cars are literally outside the door, plenty of palces to eat within a 3 block radius, BART station to get to the airport or the East Bay are 1/2 block away and Union Square shopping is 3 blocks away. Of course, this is also downtown San Francisco, so there are plenty of homeless folks, some of which are mentally ill and/or high, traffic is wretched during commute times and some of the surrounding areas are marginal. But that's urban life.Overall, I would most definitely stay at the Powell again. I was extremely pleased with the quality and the value of the hotel.	
Sep 19 2006 	Stay here only if all other hotels are booked	I booked this hotel at the last minute to attend a meeting at the Moscone Center, I usually stay at the Pickwick which is great and usually inexpensive too.The ONLY good things about this place are:1. The location, just steps from the cable car turn around..but this also makes it a bit noisy too.2. The people. They were very helpful and friendly, I was almost embarrased for them, I'm sure that they have to deal with a lot of disgruntled guests about the room conditions.The entire place, rooms hallways etc smell like urine. The rooms are dirty, paint peeling from walls my bathroom sink was broken away from the wall and was being held up by the plumbing.I had to open a window and request a fan in order to get through the 1st night due to the odor and the room was hot.	
Sep 11 2006 	Fantastic place	Myself,husband and grown-up daughter stayed here for four nights this summer and were really pleased especially as it is only supposed to be a 2 star hotel. The location was fantastic right by the cable car turnabout as well as the BART system and trams. Hotel itself very clean and staff all very pleasant and plenty of eating places of all price ranges within short walking distance.Union Square was just up the road with entertainment each day as well as the main shops and you could sit at the outside cafe with a cold drink just people watching! Would definately return again and stay in the same hotel.	
Sep 11 2006 	Smelly place heat did not work noisy surroundings	Avoid this place at all costs. the only advantage is that the cable car station is right below, but that only makes sleep difficultI was checked into a very smelly room to begin with, which had practically no window. Thankfully they moved me to a less smelly place, which was very small though. The next day, heat did not work, so they had to give me a portable heater.And the iron was also half broken Here are the pros and cons to summarize:PROS:Great locationGood serviceClean beds and bathroomCONS:SmellyDirty carpetsNoisy noisy noisyHeat did not workVery small TVNo RefrigeratorIn my opinion, this is not worth it. Stay 3 blocks away at Union Square Plaza Hotel, which is 40% cheaper, and much better	
Aug 17 2006 	Yep would stay there again	Location is great, room very comfortable and tidy. Funny smell, but this isn't a problem when you're out sightseeing all day.	
Aug 17 2006 	Excellent location value and service	Stayd at the Powell in mid-August '06, the location cannot be beat, great access to Cable car, buses, trolleys, BART ( $5.15 to airport), food, etc. Staff was helpful and seemed honestly happy to be there. We asked for a room away from the street and hey were very accomodating. Rooms are small, a bit old, but clean and comfortable, we had a Queen non-smoking room. The only inconvenience we found with the room was that there was no light fixture in the walk-in closet, so it was tough to find your clothes at night. A little wiring could help that. Other than that our experience was great and we will definitely be back when we return to SF.	
Jun 29 2006	Great location lovely people	My friend and I stayed at the Powell in April. The staff were so nice and helpful - the airline lost one of my bags and they were really kind and understanding. We never felt in any danger (two girls travelling alone) and the doors are locked after a certain time to prevent non-guests wandering in. The hotel is right opposite the cable car turn around which is excellent for photos! Also really handy to get to the main attractions. Only downside was that the room was very cold - but we were given extra blankets. Also, the cafe is fab for brekkie, or try Lori's diner for the biggest pancakes EVER!! If I ever return to San Francisco, I would stay here again without a doubt.	
Jun 18 2006	Location! Location!	Great location! Rooms are clean. Service is good and friendly. We had used the valet parking and found the service prompt.Rooms have a coffee maker and iron.Rooms are not air conditioned - but there are fans in the room and in May we were comfortable with just the fan.Try and get a room that overlooks the road.	
Jun 11 2006	Fine hotel good value.	My husband and I stayed at the Powell Hotel in September 2005 and, upon arrival, were given room 616. Having read other TripAdvisor reviews I booked the hotel knowing about the &quot;old rooms&quot; versus the &quot;new rooms&quot; and had hoped for a new room. No such luck. Room 616 was one of the older rooms - tiny square footage, floral bedspread, old carpet, chintz curtains, tiny bathroom with poor lighting. Don't get me wrong, it was fine, but not flash. Had a window that faced the street which was no problem, not noisy and the breeze was good. The next morning we requested a newer room and the front desk was helpful in accomodating this request. There were a few requests in front of ours but when we returned to the hotel our bags had been moved and we were given room 238. Much better! Newer decor, more square footage, bigger bathroom, new linens, etc - the window did overlook an airshaft though. And, being on the second floor, we could walk up the stairs instead of waiting for the elevator. Hotel's location is well situated for the trolley car, SFMoMA, walking up to the plaza with all the shops and walking down to the pier. Some reviews mention being close to a &quot;transitional&quot; part of the city, but we never once felt unsafe and, yes, you are in a big city so you need to have your wits about you. Our rate was $114.75/night and, once we were in the newer room, I felt this price to be a more than fair rate. Would recommend this hotel on the caveat that you do your utmost to book in to a &quot;new room&quot;.	
Jun 8 2006	All right for a budget hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Powell for our last night in California. We chose it for the location. We wanted to be near the cablecar and the BART (so that we would at least have the option of taking it back to the airport). We knew it was a budget hotel so we didn't have high hopes and it was pretty much what we expected. Our room was pretty small and had a musty smell. We opened the window which overlooked some type of little courtyard and looked directly into the windows of the rooms across from us. The window screen had a huge gash in it. There was no a/c so it was a good thing we stayed there early in the summer. The bathroom was small but adequate for one night. We had to wait for several minutes for the hot water to heat up before taking showers. We arrived at 11:00 a.m. and were able to check into our room right away. That was a pleasant surprise. The front desk clerk was friendly but not very helpful. We saw signs that the Bay Bridge was going to be closed on Sunday so we needed to figure out the best way to get to Oakland Airport. Because we had a lot of luggage we wanted to take a shuttle rather than the BART. When we asked the front desk clerk about making arrangements for transportation to the airport she told us that BART was the only way to get there. She said there were no taxis or shuttles running to Oakland. This really didn't make sense to us so we called and were able to book a shuttle. She tried to be helpful but she should have made sure she knew what she was talking about before giving us advice. The location was great. Since it was the last day of our vacation, we had a lot of last-minute sightseeing to do and it was a perfect spot to begin and end. The cablecar turnaround was right outside the door. There were a lot of homeless people around the hotel begging for money but that's expected in a big tourist area. It wasn't the best hotel and I would prefer to stay somewhere a little nicer but you can't beat the location.	
May 17 2006	Good deal Nice Place	Stayed 5/5 through 5/11...Great location...Very good value for the price. This is not 4 star luxury, but a clean, comfortable place to crash after exploring the great city of San Francisco. The interior had an old-time San Fran feeling to it. I liked the vintage photos of the hotel and cable cars in our room. Our room was directly above the cable car turn-around, probably the noisiest spot in the place, and save for the night they power-washed the turn-around(whch only lasted an hour or so), we never had a problem with noise. This is a major, bustling metropolis, so if your expecting rural quietude, then you should not have decided to come here for a vacation. I was amused by people complaining about noise. It's not Ottumwa, Iowa, folks.The people were all very friendly and helpful, the place was clean, and we enjoyed our stay immensely. The other complaints all seemed silly to me, because San Fran is not a place you would go to so you can stay in your hotel and relax. We were out and about every day, and usually came home nice and tired (and full from the great restaurants).The neighborhood is bustling (two blocks from Union Square-tons of shopping, eating, drinking options). There are street people around, and they panhandle, but at no time did it seem unsafe. I would recommend this place if you are value conscious, active, and enjoy being in the heart of the action in a great city.	
May 1 2006 	I would recommend this quirky hotel	I spent 5 nights at the Powell after considerable shopping around for a convenient and affordable hotel. The Powell has a quirky feel--old-fashioned windows and bathrooms. The beds are very clean and comfortable with lots of pillows and blankets with sheets on both sides that you rarely find in a budget hotel. The beds are rather high, which could be a problem with children. The rooms are quite small, which might be a problem if you like to spread out or have children. I asked for a room for three since I was sharing with my senior citizen parents. We got two small rooms separated by a door and separate televisions. It worked out quite well. The staff was professional although they could have been a bit more helpful with restaurant recommendations. They could have also used more information in the rooms--maybe a restaurant guide. The rooms are a bit loud, and my parents complained a bit about the never ending sound of a trolley, but it didn't bother me.As everyone says, the location is great. Close to the trolley, the subway, the convention center. It's not luxury, but it's convenient, clean and unique.	
May 1 2006	Really great !	10 meters from the Cable Car.Very good welcome (we took the room at 10AM), people are very kind, rooms are simple but nice to live and the locatation is really one of the best	
Apr 18 2006	Great Location!!	My friend and I took a 3 day weekend to SFO and wanted to go budget which can be tricky. Upon trip advisor reviews we chose the Powell. It's bare bones and old, but the location cannot be beat! So convenient and the price ($102 after taxes and WITH breakfast).The breakfast is at a place a walk away and it was a nice breakfast.If you are looking to go budget, stay here!	
Apr 14 2006 	Location is everything - Staff was very pleasant	After reading the reviews, I did not expect much.. and honestly I was pleasantly surprised.. My room was not the new by any means but it was pretty clean. (the corners of the shower could have used some bleaching - but other than that very good).. the staff was very pleasant (and they were swamped with my convention when I checked in).. I thought the housekeeping staff was especially nice and helpful. They always said hello to me in the hallway or lobby. I always had many towels and toiletries..It is an old hotel -and the charm does have its price. I did have the window open for air (no thermostat in the room)- and could hear the pigeons - but I think this would be a problem with any Union Square historic hotel. This hotel is located right over Forever 21 and was so close to everything.. two steps in front of the door was the cable car turn around,next to the BART station and across from the very ritzy San Francisco shopping center. We were able to walk everywhere and there were several reasonably priced restaurants within walking distance (Blondie's Pizza, a great Thai place, a good Irish pub, and a Walgreens). In the lobby there was a very good coffee shop which made lattes by hand and had European pastries.. the problem with this location was the homeless in this area of San Francisco.. We had a problem with one of our party being grabbed by someone when we were getting the key out to enter the lobby the street always had people begging or panhandling. However, the lobby was always staffed and I never felt that I could not get assistance if I needed it. (The staff did intercom us in as soon as we struggled with the door and they verified us).. This would be a complaint of any hotel in Union Square. I would not recommend it for a single woman if she wanted to go out at night - unless she was willing to pay for a few cabs. Walking in pairs, generally there was a lot of foot traffic even until midnight.	
Apr 11 2006	Good Location	Four girls stayed at the Powell Hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful especially Sam who seemed to do everything. Room and facilities were fairly basic but clean. Shower didn't work very well and hairdryer was very dangerous with sparks flying out. Beds were very comfortable but rooms quite hot - not sure I would stay there in summer.Hotel is very central, close to Union Square with all the lovely shops and you can walk to Fishermans Wharf if you feel energetic. You can also walk to Chinatown. Very easy to catch a tram on the Powell-Hyde route which is one of the most scenic.One word of warning if you go to Puccini's restaurant and don't leave a VERY large tip then the manager will point out the error of your ways and say how she knows the manager of your hotel personally. I wouldn't recommend the restaurant, it was average. There are better ones in Little Italy. Don't miss all the diners including Johnny Rockets at Fishermans Wharf where you can select your choice of music from the mini-jukebox on your table.Also fully recommend a trip of San Francisco on a converted Cable Car just down the road from Pier 39. Take the two hour tour and in reality you get three hours worth and spectacular views of the Golden Gate Bridge.	
Apr 2 2006	Don't Stay There	I stayed at the Powell Hotel in San Francisco for two nights in March, 2006. We were scheduled to stay there for a third, but checked out early because we were so utterly disappointed in the hotel. The first night we were checked into what was considered a &quot;large Queen room&quot;. When we arrived, the bed was a double bed, and there was a foot on either side to get into the bed, but that was it. The bathroom had no sink because the sink was across the room (although that wasn't very far). We requested a room change and were placed in a slightly larger room that was better. I would not recommend staying in this hotel unless you were on a strict budget and could not afford anything else. We paid $89 a night and at best this hotel was worth $50. There are many nicer, more comfortable hotels for only slightly more. The only reason I gave this review two stars instead of one is because of the location. But even that cannot make up for the poor quality of the hotel. There are many nicer hotels with the same convenient location. Once again, I repeat, I do not recommend staying at the Powell Hotel as I was extremely disappointed.	
Feb 23 2006	A Very Nice Choice	Excellent location. Took Bart directly from SFO airport...station just a few steps from hotel front door. Staff very helpful and pleasant (&quot;Romi,&quot; in particular remembered names and such). Room was 429, remodeled, small, very small European type shower (no bathtub). Plenty of hot water. Nice sink, towels, soaps/shampoo. Room faced inside skywell and had no view...but was definitely quiet (in the city, especially on Powell, this can be important). Ceiling fan, no AC. No one else in our hallway so was quiet visit. Groups do stay here....beware of groups in any hotel, they can be noisy. If you purchase breakfast package, it will be taken about a block away in a jazz bistro.....adequate breakfast, nice employees, not fancy or anything special...just a good breakfast to start your day. No choice on food, you get the &quot;American Breakfast.&quot; We paid $89 per night for two people including breakfast, booked directly on hotel's own website. Felt it was a very good choice and price. Would probably stay here again.	
Jan 9 2006	Great location	We had a 5th floor room with windows opening into a quadrangle with no views – but all very quiet. Upon entering the room there was a musty smell, although we left the window open so maybe got used to it ;)The location is great, with many shops surrounding the hotel and no shortage of eateries, bars and three 24 hour convenience stores (Walgreens) within 300 yards plus the famous cable cars are literally right out front.We were here in an unseasonably hot November and had to request a fan – there was no air conditioning.After spending a day at Fisherman’s Wharf we would stay there rather than downtown San Francisco again – especially with our kids.Pros: The Location – it can’t be beaten as it is on the flat and close to everything, character filled hotel with updated lobby and great little coffee shop downstairs.Cons: No refrigerator supplied (just ask), poor water pressure in showers and American Breakfast at nearby cafe average and no drinks included.	
Nov 14 2005	Location-Location-Location	We spent 4 nights here from the 5th September 2005. The room wasn't great, and most definetly not refurbished as per other comments on tripadvisor. We requested a refurbished room at check in, but were advised that as we booked with hotels.com it was a set rate, and we would have to talk to the manager later on that night.In the end we decided not to bother as we only spent minimal time in the room, to shower &amp; sleep. The room was very basic and quite shabby but it was clean. The bathroom was quite small but adequate. The room was cold and the radiator didn't work, so extra blankets were required and sorted the complaint out as the bed was comfortable.The reasin we are giving the Powell Hotel overall a goog review is because of its excellant location in downtown San Francisco. From the airport you take the Bart to the Powell stop which takes about 25 mins and couldn't be more efficient. You exit the underground and there it is. Nice Lobby, coffee shop in foyer, friendly helpful staff, and cable car stop right outside. You can also walk to all shopping in Union Square, Chinatown, Little Italy, Signal Hill, and then hop on the cable car for the Pier, Alcatrax and Lombard St.We were so tired with jet lag for the first couple of days, that the location of the hotel was superb. It isn't expensive and you get what you pay for. Do not under any circumstances stay in Tenderloin!!!If you are renting a car, pick it up from the airport as we saved $100 on the price compared to picking it up in the city.Also be advised, San Francisco is COLD. The fog comes in over the city and you will need socks, boots and a very warm sweater.	
Nov 1 2005	Great Location (but noisy)	We stayed here for 3 nights in mid Oct 2005. The location is fantastic - right at the cable car turnaround. However, that also generated a lot of noise. We had a room on the 5th floor on the Powell Street side and had a great view of the turnaround but it was quite noisy. On 2 of the nights that we were there we woke up in the evening - once to a guy at the turnaround who turned his stereo on loud and once to guy singing loudly at the turnaround. But they didn't last long so we got back to sleep (also the fire trucks in san fran are very loud)The proximity to the Powell St BART station is fantastic ($4.95 one way from the airport) - go up the escalator and it the hotel is right there.That would be the only negative comment about the hotel - they need to invested in new double glazed windows to block out some of the noise.The room was quite small but had a king bed in it which took up a lot of the room. Had to step over my suitcase all the time. The room was clean and we had no problems.Overall very happy with the hotel and would stay here again.	
Oct 26 2005	Hated it!	The only reason why I am giving this hotel 2 points rather than 1 is because of it's undoubtedly great, central location. But this is really the only positive thing I can say about this place. The front of the hotel as well as the lobby look fine but wait until you get to the rooms... The place hasn't been decorated in I don't know how many years. It stank and was really filthy. We tried to spend as little time as possible in the room.	
Oct 23 2005	Just fine for the price	We (myself, wife and adult daughter) stayed in Room 501 overlooking Powell Street and the cable car turn-around over the Labour Day weekend. The room was large, high ceiling, with two queen beds, coffee maker and a clean (but a bit old fashioned) bathroom. Good supply of fluffy towels and soap/shampoo. Beds were comfy and clean. The staff we met were fine (Brenda in particular) - but we didn't have too much to do any others as we out of the hotel from early morning to midnight! There is a safety deposit box system in operation behind the reception desk (losing the key will cost you $300!!). The coffee bar is very small but okay if you want to carry something back to the room. There's plenty of eateries nearby, so no food problem.No air conditioning in our room so consequently the only 'problem' we had was the traffic noise - the &quot;ding-de-ding&quot; sound from the cable cars arriving and departing at the turn-around is etched into our brains. But as we were on vacation it didn't matter. It'd be much different if the guest was on a business trip. The hotel is perfectly located just a few steps from Market Street BART and many bus/tram/trolly car routes. There is a very useful Visitors Centre down the escalators at the BART Station with all the maps and info you'll ever need. It is a short walk (2 blocks) up Powell St to Union Square.We would stay there again without hesitation. We booked thru Expedia and got a reasonable discount, so we got good value for money. It is important to remember that this is an old city centre building and they have done the best they can with it.uncletony and family	
Sep 11 2005	Great budget hotel and no mice!	Just returned from SFO and our stay at the Powell Hotel. We were very pleased with this hotel. We took the BART from the airport. Luggage was not a problem, as I had worried it would be. You really do pop out just a few steps from the hotel. We bought the 3 day pass for the cable car and Muni and it was so conveniet to take these to and from the front door of the hotel. When we checked in we asked for a renovated room and were given one. The room had no view, as it was an inside room, but that was okay with us. The room was also tiny. But we were in our room very little so it didn't matter. Room was clean and attractive. The bed was very comfortable. The brochure states that they supply bathrobes, bottled water and bathroom scales, but we never saw any of that. The coffee shop downstairs was good and the prices were reasonable, but with the time change, we were up at 5 or 6Am and the shop did not open until 7:30. I have to mention that the people of San Francisco are some of the most helpful people anywhere. Several times we were overheard wondering aloud about directions, or how to buy BART tickets, which train to get on, etc. and we were volunteered assistance. That was a pleasant surprise. Be prepared for homeless people and beggars everywhere. It is sad. Sometimes we gave and sometimes not. If you don't have terribly high standards, you should be pleased with Hotel Powell. It is a good value. We used Expedia and got a lower rate than the hotel direct.	
Sep 7 2005	Loved my Labor Day Weekend at the Powell!	My girlfriend and I just returned from a labor Day weekend in SFO. This was our first time to SFO for both of us and I was so nervous about picking the right place. I stayed here based on forum comments and reviews. I booked directly with the hotel after searching travel websites. The savings were minimal by using a travel website and you are not guaranteed your room size . ( As we were checking out there was a family of 6 who were stuck with 2 single rooms because they booked through Hotels.com). The staff was very friendly and we received smiles throughout from all staff. We asked for more pillows and they were delivered promptly with a smile.The rooms are small compared to the suites at The Venetian in Vegas, but more than adequate for the 2 of us and our luggage, etc. We were not cramped for space at all. The bathroom had modern fixtures and was very clean. The elevators were quick and safe, and the front desk was very helpful. They were happy to provide any assistance we needed. Excellent!LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION! You do not need to rent a car while staying here. Jump on the BART from the airport, $5.00 gets you to the door of the hotel. Ok, you have to go up the escalator and cross a small square (trolley turnaround) but it couldn't be any easier. If you are concerned with taking luggage on the BART as we were, don't be. There is plenty of room on the BART and it wasn't a hassle at all. You have streetcars in front of the hotel (like the F line to the Embarcadero, Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf) and the famous trolley cars right in front of the door. It is so convenient!Buy yourself a Muni pass for $9.00 a day or $18 for a 3 day. The trolley is $5.00 each way otherwise so you can see how this pays for itself. By the way, we felt safe on all transportation even at midnight from Fisherman's Wharf, BART included.I will definitely go back to SFO and I will DEFINITELY stay at the Powell again. By the way, my girlfriend loved the hotel, loved the location and ease of getting around. She was impressed with my choice of hotels for our first stay in SFO.	
Sep 5 2005	It's Not Just the Location	Like the other reviewers here I chose this hotel based on its great location. Literally just off the escalator from the Powell St. BART station and with the Powell St. cable car turnaround at their doorstep public transportation is so convenient. Take BART from the airport and you'll have no need to rent a car and hassle with hills and parking if you're just touring the city. Buy a 1, 3 or 7-day Muni Passport and a transit map at the cable car ticket booth so that you don't have to hassle with finding change for fare. Going to a Giants game? Just hop on the N-Judah Muni Metro at the BART station and you'll be at the ballpark in minutes.But, it's not just the location that makes this a good choice for your SF stay. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Yes, it's an old hotel, but I've stayed in other old hotels in SF and the quality and cleanliness of this hotel meets or exceeds those. The furnishings, carpet and bathroom were clean and in good working order. My son was disappointed that they didn't have the Cartoon Network on their cable service, but the TV was big and new.No on site restaurant, but many good ones a short walk away. The lobby snack bar has a good selection of pastries, fruit, juices and good coffee so that you can easily pick up a simple breakfast to get you started in the morning.I booked the room through the hotel website after comparing prices at the major travel websites. I didn't use Priceline for SF because there were three of us on this trip and knowing that many SF hotel rooms are tiny I needed to guarantee that we'd get a room with two double beds. (Priceline rates are for two people only) I should qualify my comments by saying that we were given a free upgrade to a Jr. Suite. I'm not sure what we did to deserve this, but it definitely added to our enjoyment of this hotel.	
Aug 26 2005	great location - great hotel	hotel is in a great location, the directions state the hotel to be on cyril magin street which is true, it also has an entrance straight onto the powell street where the trolleys turn.hotel staff were very helpful, hotel was clean, slightly outdated but still a great place to stay. would stay again.cyril magnin street is a pain to find becuase its only a small almost half sized street and downtown san fran is difficult to drive in due to its one way streets and many streets not allowing for right/left turns. you have to go a few blocks down from the hotel and come up in line with cyril magnin street rather than try and turn onto it for a crossing street.	
Aug 11 2005 	Good location but needs a bit of an update	I stayed at the Powell Hotel Aug 5-10th for a trade show while in San Fran. I chose it based on location and pricing. The front desk was very helpful and friendly, and always went out of their way to assist me. The lobby is nice and newer, with seating and great design. There is a small cafe in the lobby which serves coffee, pastries and the like also. The actual hotel rooms themselves leave a bit to be desired. As soon as you get out of the elevator, the hallways smell quite musty and old. The hotel itself is a landmark in terms of age so I can understand the smell. But the hallway carpets also had water stain marks and were dimly lit. Not a great first impression. The rooms are basic and also have a damp, old musty smell. The room faced inwards, looking across at other rooms, which was a bit of a letdown, since the interior corridor is a bit drab to look at and makes the room a bit darker. Not to mention the fact that you have a LOT of other rooms looking in on you. It didn't really even cut out the noise from the streets, so I would have rather been facing the street. You can definitely hear noise from the cable cars and crowds, but it wasn't unbearable. Lots of pigeons too!The bathrooms were nice and bright white, the towels crisp and clean. However, they have done something with the tap so that the hot water is limited, which led to some lukewarm showers and the like. The fan in the bathroom definitely needed cleaning. They have a nice iron and board in the room, but no plugs except over by the desk!! Small things and rather inconsequential for a budget traveller who might just need a cheaper place to lay their head at night, but it didn't make coming home after a long day at the trade show much fun or cozy. Don't get me wrong, I am not a picky traveller. But I think with a few improvements this hotel could be a LOT better. I did end up hearing that some rooms were refurbished so try to get those. The staff is really very nice and that prevented me from making any major complaints, also since I was working most of the time and never in the room. If you want a cheap, safe place to stay, it's fine. If you want a bit more comfort or coziness, spend a tiny bit more and do that.	
Aug 3 2005	Staff were very helpful	I loved my stay in this lovely hotel last September, the staff were very friendly, and as I was staying on my own I was very appreciative of their efforts to me feel welcome and advice on which Places and Restaurants to visit (I recommend, The Cliff House for watching the sunset over the bay with a lovely al a cart menu, The Stinking Rose, in South Beach... oh and Scoma for seafood - but I tried many places in my 15 days stay and can honestly say I didnt have a single bad meal).I am planning to go back next year and will definately be hoping the Powell has reservations.The hotel rooms are clean and very comfortable, with plenty of space for storage, ok admittely not the largest rooms around...but for your money, excellent value for service.	
Jul 5 2005	Great location - average hotel!	I'd stayed at this hotel from 6/24 to 6/27. Overall this is a great hotel for its location. It located at the center of SF, Union Square, where the cable car turn around sits. I give a 5-star of its convenience to places like Pier 39/fishermanwharf, Chinatown, JapanTown. Extremely easy to reach these locations via cable car of the classic F-line MUNI &quot;train&quot;. However due to its location, if your room is next to the cable car turn-around, then you might need to buy some ear plugs because it will be very noisy in the morning and at night. You might want to request room on the other side of cable car turn-around. BEWARE, there is NO A/C in the room. We call room service and they weren't any fan left. The weather was kind of chill when we stayed so we don't have any problem. But if you travel during summer, you might have to reconsider this hotel.Room is clean overall but kind of small compare to other hotel. I had a King size bedroom. Small and old. Bathroom had been renovated and clean. Staff are very polite and we didn't wait for long to get our keys.I defenitely recommend to take BART from aiport to the hotel, cheap and easy. Renting a car in SF would be nightmare. Beside SF public transportation can get you to most attractions. Its not easy to drive due to its road condition - like mountain :)You might want to try the restaurant accorss the hotel - I think its &quot;Bangkok&quot;, a Thai restaurant - for its price and food. Don't eat at Chinatown, crapy Chinese food, worse than takeout.Oh one more thing, BEWARE OF EUROPEAN - ESPECIALLY FRENCH!!!! Learn how to line up please! This is America, not France! These people will jump into your way - waiting for buses, taxis, hotels..etc. If you were in NY, you'll find yourself in big trouble!	
Jun 19 2005	Excellent hotel in a central location	My husband and I stayed at the Powell for 3 days at the end of May. We specifically chose this hotel due to it's central location and were not disappointed. The hotel was within walking distance of the shops and restaurants and the public transport links on the door step cannot be beaten.The staff at check in were very helpful, they organised the city tour for us to help us maximise our short stay. They also arranged our taxi to the airport and were very friendly at all times.The guy who runs the coffee shop is also very freindly and you get the feeling that they want you to have a great stay.Would stay again without a doubt. The rooms aren't huge but space is a premium in The City. This is a clean, affordable hotel.	
May 16 2005	Great value friendly service	My husband and I seek out smaller, affordable hotels when we visit big cities. Sometimes we are pleasantly surprised; other times, less pleasantly so. This time, was one of the pleasant ones. This is an older, small hotel. The location is as fabulous as advertised: right at the Powell street cable car turn around, just steps from the Powell Street BART/Muni station. I cannot imagine any better location if you want/need to stay in downtown San Francisco, especially given the price we paid (about $100 per night, including tax). The only downside to the location is that it can be a little noisy, but that didn't really bother us. The lobby and public areas in the hotel have been updated more recently than the room we stayed in, but our room was acceptable in terms of size, repair, and cleanliness. The elevators are older and a little slow, but there are only 6 floors, so you can always take the stairs if you don't want to wait. The front desk staff were very friendly and professional. We only stayed/paid for one night, but they held our luggage for us most of a second day after we checked out because the Amtrak bus we were to catch did not leave until 9 pm. This hotel is literally across the street from the San Francisco Shopping Center Amtrak bus stop, by the way, which made it absolutely perfect for us. We got to maximize our sight-seeing time with a minimum of expense and fuss, and a minimum of walking to the bus stop with our baggage when it was time to leave. Overall, this hotel is a great value. It's secure, reasonably maintained, and very reasonably priced for the location and service you get. I plan to stay here again the next time I visit San Francisco.	
May 10 2005	Fantastic location and great value	my partner and i stayed at this hotel for 5 nights from 21 april. We were pleasantly surprised on arrival after reading some of the reviews. The hotel was very clean, rooms were of average size but had everything you needed in them and the hotel staff were extremely helpful and always willing to please. As we were always out sightseeing or visiting various bars or restaurants we spent little time in our rooms to be affected by any noise. There isnt a restaurant in the hotel but who wants to eat hotel food when there are so many cafes, restaurants and bars around? A small shop opened whilst we were there where you could get croissants, coffee etc if you didnt want to look around for food. I would definitely recommend this hotel for its location, cleanliness and value for money. Also if you want to do some sightseeing try the Gocar, its like a go cart with an engine and has sat nav which takes you all around san fransisco, the beaches and some beautiful parks and lakes too. Its great fun and very reasonably priced.	
Apr 25 2005	great location.. decent hotel	My friend and I travel a couple times a year to get away from husband and kids. We loved the Powell. We had pretty low expectations going in and were pleasantly suprised. It is an older hotel but it is clean and the people are nice. We stayed Thursday through Monday and had a great time. We bought the 7 day pass and used the cable car and bus system(forgot name)to go everywhere. I think it is a great hotel for the money.	
Apr 12 2005	never again	good points, location was great! right outside the Bart station in the heart of the city with very helpful staff who try their best. Handy coffee bar on site. Not all rooms in this hotel are redecorated, a good tip is too ask to view the room before you check in. As we were staying for 5 nights we had requested a room with 2 queens but when we arrived we were given a room with one queen, it appeared clean and modern with new funiture. It was a tiny room with bearley any space to put a second suit case down. The oversized funiture didn't help. We were promised a move to a bigger room the next day. The bed cover on our bed had blood stains on both sides. The maid changed the bedding straight away when I pointed this out to her. It's not the best start in any hotel to be faced with something as horrid as that. At this point I felt the room was unsanitary. Our room was pre-paid so I felt I would give the hotel the chance to make thing right for us. The next day we were offered another room with 2 queen beds but it wasn't acceptable at all, it was very worn and tired also the carpet was heavily soiled, I wouldn't dare take my shoes off in there. We decided to check out but then we were offered a better room with 2 queen beds and a sitting area. This room was also in need of redecorating but a least we had space to move around. The bath room was strange it made me laugh, the only window was up so high that I needed to climb a small wall to reach it also the glass in the window was clear not frosted which ment the people in the next building could watch you shower or even see you on the toilet, I needed to pull the shower curtain to use the toilet so not to be seen.  My advise would be to shop around and read the reviews. The truth is you only ever get what you pay for and I'm sorry I booked this hotel. While I was town I did look around at some other hotel in the area which looked much better such as the Chancellor, the Cartright, the king George, the Handley and the St. Fransic. I know some people might say you don't spend your holiday in your hotel room but I feel its a big part of my holiday and I like to stay in nice surrounding, the Powell isn't what I would call nice surounding. Its plain , simple, very small and in need of a complete face life. Treat yourself and have a good trip at another hotel. I would not recommend this hotel.	
Apr 8 2005 	Good location - average quality	Stayed at the end of a business trip. Second time in the CityArrived late from LAX. No food or bar in hotel so had to trek out for some. Room was clean and fine for two nights. Would not want the room for longer. View was side street.Unlike my summer visit to SF, the streets were crawling with beggars. Every few yards. Some sreets near the hotel feel threatening. Hotel is right by the Powell Steetcar terminus which is ideal for riding to Fisherman's wharf. Good location also for shops and finding transport to other locations by bus, trolley bus, tram.Average price, average hotel, ate breakfast elsewhere. Would return for one or two nights because of price and location.	
Mar 27 2005	Clean safe central	Fabulous location, friendly staff, very clean rooms. I did not notice the smell some reviewers noted, but I would agree that the rooms are quite chilly. The shower has lots of nice hot water, but turn it on and brush your teeth while it's heating up--it takes a while. As a woman travelling alone, I felt completely safe here. It's just a half block from Bart and the bus, across the street from the Gap &amp; Macy's and a few blocks from David's (great for breakfast). Be careful not to book hotels in the Tenderloin and rest assured that this is not one.	
Mar 18 2005	Nice location but that is about it!	I stayed at The Powell Hotel March 5 - 7, 2005. Although the hotel is beautifully situated we lived in quite unsanitary conditions . Upon arriving in our room I noted immediately that the windows and walls were dirty, the room was dusty and the floors not vacuumed. What was worse was that the bathroom had someone else's hair on the floor and on the walls of the shower. Used soap and an old bottle cap were even found inside the shower stall! The hair, soap and cap remained in the shower the length of our stay thereby confirming my suspicion that only beds were being made daily instead of the room actually being cleaned.We had reserved for two double beds and we were given two single beds (so small that my feet stuck out the end...I am 5 foot 6).We called to inquire about getting another room but were informed that all the rooms were taken. Also, the elevator worked only periodically while we were there.The hotel front desk staff were pleasant and the location, really, is fantastic. You walk out the front door and you are on the BART to the airport or anywhere else in the city. However, I will not stay there again and would not recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 16 2005	Bargain Price. Excellent Location	Stayed for two night at the start of a Californian tour. Flew to SFO and took BART to Powell, and the hotel door!! I agree the rooms are in need of some renovation, but when all you need is a place to shower and sleep, this is the perfect choice for the first time visitor to San Francisco.	
Mar 2 2005	You get what you pay for	We stayed in the Powell Hotel in mid January 2005. We asked to see the rooms before checking in and got one of the 'updated' rooms. The room was somewhat cramped, but who spends all their time in the room. The bathroom was very upscale. We checked in around 2 pm and toured the town during the day. Arriving back to our room, it was a bit chilly. I turned on the radiator, but two hours later, no heat. I went downstairs to check about the heat and was told that it is on only from 5 pm to 5 am. OK.....so I waited until 5 pm. Still no heat. I went downstairs and asked about it again and they gave me an electric heater and extra blankets. I guess it is routine to not have any heat. The five days that we stayed there, the electric heater was our only heat. I was glad it wasn't any colder! The hot water takes about 5 minutes to arrive; so plan ahead with showers. After returning home, I sent a letter to the manager of the Powell, asking about the lack of heat, but they did not respond.	
Feb 22 2005	Charming in Downtown SF	Really folks, you cannot find a better location for a hotel then The Powell Hotel. My wife and I landed in Oakland, took the BART minibus to Oakland Coliseum BART station, then a direct BART ride to Powell station. Up the stairs and we were right in the center of all the action. The Powell Hotel is right there when you walk up from the bART station. And so are other attractions you might be interested in. Shopping at places like Forever 21, GAP, Anthropologie, Virgin Megastore, Apple Store, Nordstrom (check out the twisting escalators inside), Abercrombie, Victoria Secret, and the list goes on. There is also Union Square 2 blocks north, Yerba Buena Gardens and Museum of Modern Art two blocks east, a miriad of dining and theatrical productions around and within easy walking distance. Impressive location for a hotel.You can buy a 1 day, 3 day, or 7 day pass at the SF cable car booth which allows you to ride the cable cars, MUNI bus system and F-Line trolley cars all over the place. We bought the 3 day pass for $15/person which was an awesome deal considering the cable cars are $3 one way/person alone. The bus system in SF is great and can get you any place you need to go. People on the MUNI buses are friendly and easy to get into conversations with making SF a place youd want to live. Down here in Los Angeles Id never ride the buses filled with illegals, gang members and generally people who for some reason cannot get a drivers license and a $500 car. Never ride the bus in L.A.!! About the hotel... my only complaint is that the room we stayed needed some restoration work (like new moulding around doorways, windows, etc), otherwise it was complete and very clean. Service was always friendly and the best part is they held our luggage even after we checked out, allowing us to spend our last day running around without having to carry our luggage. It was worth the $5 tip. If you need BRAND NEW furniture, fixtures, tiling, etc and are really concerned about things like that, maybe this place isnt right for you. For my wife and I it was perfect. The price and location made this an ideal setting. It was nice to have a room with a view overlooking Powell Sreet and watch the cable cars. The lines for the cable cars can get long and it was nice to look out the window to check! Again, great place to stay, great locale and reminded me of an apartment we rented when we were in Kiev, Ukraine overlooking Independence Square. We will definitely stay at the Powell again.	
Jan 20 2005	A Surprising Non-Descript Gem	Admittedly, my expectations of this place were quite low due to a few reasons: the lowly 2-star rating on the online hotel booking service, the less-than-impressive grainy photos on that website, and the relatively low rate of $72 (especially given the ultra-prime downtown &quot;close to everything&quot; location). We fully expected a somewhat shabby older hotel, but were willing to &quot;rough it&quot; for a short 2-nt stay in such an ideal location. It's a very easy-to-miss, non-descript, six-story building on a busy street. But...Upon entering the lobby, we were VERY pleasantly surprised at the lobby's pleasing contemporary decor and the welcoming attitude of the front desk. The nice guy asked our room preference and we decided on a street-facing room. (The hotel is bigger than it appears from the outside as there seems to be about 45 rooms on each floor--most do NOT face the street). Our room, 403, faced the cable car line, and while the charming clankedly-clank cable car bells do start to get annoying, the room was IMMACULATE. Yes, a bit smallish, but having stayed in dollhouse-like rooms in Europe and Hong Kong, it was more than just adequate. More importantly, the bathroom was sparkling, modernized, and supplied with the usual amenties such as shampoos, fresh, thick towels/cloths, and fragrant soaps. True, the bathroom walls were indeed thin as you can hear the folks thru the vent, but how long are you (or they for that matter) gonna be in the bathroom during an exciting trip to SF? Just close the bathroom door before retiring and you're fine. The king size bed, pillows and crisp linens were comfortable, iron/ironing board was supplied, working coffee maker, and carpeting wasn't stained and was well vacuumed. We saw no mice nor signs of any, contrary to what someone else posted in their review.Truthfully, I've stayed in everything from Le Meridiens and Doubletrees, to Motel 6s, and mom &amp; pop B &amp; Bs. Maybe we were just lucky this time and got a &quot;good&quot; room, but in terms of cleanliness, the Powell has, surprisingly, exceeded some Holiday Inns I've experienced (no exaggeration, either). The Powell may not be &quot;luxurious&quot; or &quot;posh&quot;, but it IS charming, CLEAN, the price is definitely right, the location is unmatched, and is more than adequate. Recommended.	
Jan 11 2005	Fair hotel - Great Location	We stayed at the Powell on December 25th &amp; 26th 2004. We had two rooms each with one bed.Rooms were noisy and old but each had a TV so our Daughter had her own room minus the bathroom.Great location right by the Cabel Cars and lot's of shopping but at night it can be a bit scary with all the pan handlers.Lot's of character and the staff was very helpful.On the last night we were there my husband had a visit from a little mouse that was looking for food and that kind of turned us off the place. Overall. Ok for the cost but I think in future I would stay in a different area of town.	
Nov 28 2004	Good Value	We stayed at the Powell in mid November 2004. While the rooms were small, they provided everything we needed. They were clean, serviced everyday and the staff were helpful. The hotel is located in heart of the city - location wise you could not ask for more. You had the cable cars going to Fisherman's warf and the trams going to the Castro located very nearby. We caught the BART from the airport for a third of the price of the bus services, and the station is located literally 10 metres from the front door of the hotel - so it's very convienient. My only criticism of the hotel is some of the construction work going on next door. I think they started hammering at 6.00am and it felt like it would right outside our bedroom window. But don't let put you off this hotel, for value, price and location you can't beat it. We'll stay there next time we're in San Francisco.	
Nov 27 2004	No unpleasant surprises	We arrived early (11 am) and were pleasantly surprised. We chose this hotel based on the info provided on this site. The staff were friendly and helpful and we were given a room immediately. The hotel is located in the heart of downtown with access to the train, bus, or cable cars within the block. All dept. stores and retail chain stores are within the 4 blocks around the hotel. We would definately recommend this hotel to friends.	
Nov 20 2004	NICE PLACE to Stay for the money	All of the reviews were correct. For the price this is a well maintained and well located hotel. My only window though opened into a dark ventilation shaft, at least it was quiet.I would not recommend this hotel if you need to spend time on your PC. I had work to do, but all the options I had, 1-800, or local dial-up, ended up costing about $1 a minute.	
Nov 14 2004	Great Hotel!	The staff at the Powell Hotel were very friendly and accommodating. We stayed there for 3 nights but for 2 of those nights, the staff moved us into one of their largest rooms. We had arrived late on Saturday night so we knew that we were going to get a small room with one double bed since they were fully booked. It was probably their smallest room since we didn't even have space for our luggage and we didn't have that much! After that first night we requested a larger standard room with 2 double beds and they did better than that! We got a suite with one queen bed with a walk in closet and a separate sitting room. It was very spacious and the staff even chose a room facing the quieter side of the city. It was a great deal as we still paid the standard room rate of $89 CDN / night for this larger suite!	
Nov 11 2004	Great expectations	Located in the heart of the city, but lacking in charm. Rooms were rather small and claustraphobic, lacking in storage space. Inner rooms which are quiter than street facing were dark and stifling. Staff were helpful and friendly enough. Advertises a coffee shop which does not exist anymore! Fortunately we had no car, but there are no facilities for parking. Okay for a short stay if you want the City, but consider something down at the Wharf instead. Beware of the horrendous amount of beggers in the City Centre!	
Nov 9 2004	Great Location but noisy and dirty	I stayed at this hotel with two girlfriends. There were three in our party so we asked for two beds. We were happy to find 3 full size beds in a one bedroom suite. The bad part was that the carpet had stains all over it and the walls were dirty. Also, when we stayed we heard people in the hall walking up the stairs which was very noisy. When someone would sneeze in a room next to us, it was like they were in the room. Watch out for the bums. They lock the doors at 7, so you will need a key to get in. One night a bum followed us in asking for money and the person at the front desk didn't say anything.The location is great since it's steps away from the bart station and shopping.	
Nov 3 2004	Excellent Location - Average Hotel	The location was perfect. Right next to the train station and right outside the front door is the cable car. The room had a heater which I don't think can be turned off from within the room which meant the room got quite warm. Fortunately when we stayed the weather was quite cold so we only needed to open the window for a few moments to cool the room down again.There was quite a lot of street noise, especially the rubbish trucks but they seemed to stop making noise after about 11:30pm. We couldn't hear any noise from the rooms next door but I'm not sure if anyone was even staying in them. The room did have a slight bad smell but the room and hotel was quite nicely decorated and seemed quite clean.At the time that we were staying quite a few other hotels had 'ex-'staff outside making clanging noises as some sort of union initiated protest. Fortunately there was none of this type of noise going on anywhere near this hotel.Some of the hotel staff were very friendly, some were not as approachable. Generally we had a slightly unsafe/uncomfortable feel but I can't pinpoint why we felt that way. I think that I would stay there again, mainly for the location but if I could find somewhere else that seemed better for the same sort of price I would probably try it out.	
Oct 31 2004	Noisy and coffeeless	I stayed in the hotel for 3 nights, having booked it through Expedia before leaving the UK. The reception was friendly, but the room was one of the smallest I think I have ever stayed in - though clean and tended by some pleasant Chinese chambermaids. The worst thing was trying to prepare a coffee! The coffee pot apparently did not fit the filter machine - which I only found out when the filter spilled water over the floor - oh, and all coffee, sugar and dried milk was damp and congealed in the packet. At night the noises in the corridor woke me twice after midnight, and it would appear that the room opposite mine was occupied by a hotel staff member (no swipe card machine on the outside, just a keyhole) who parked his bicycle in the corridor. I was put off (as were many English staying here) by the fact that the hotel locks its front door at 7pm (use your key to get in) to stop the vagrants getting in. A trip outside the hotel at 8pm meant running the gamut of large numbers of vagrants who continually ask for money, and can follow you down the street. I was only tempted to give money to one, who carried a board reading &quot;Dollars wanted for alcohol research&quot;.	
Oct 3 2004	Excellent Location friendly staff	We stayed at the Powell Hotel from September 11th to the 19th, 2004. It was perfect! It was very affordable. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The staff were very accomodating and helpful. The location could not have been better. The cable car stop begins and ends right outside the door of the hotel. All the shopping and restaurants were right around us, within walking distance. It even has a little café right in the building which was perfect for a light breakfast or quick snack. We felt safe in the area and would highly recommend it. Although there is no air conditioning (because it is not usually needed) you can request a fan which is more than sufficient since it never really gets that warm there.	
Sep 1 2004	Great Location Bad Smells	The Powell Hotel is situated in a great location, with shops, restaurants, and the trolley literally a few steps away, access to muni and bart is also nearby. The lobby of the hotel is quite nice and conveys that this place is dignified and contemporary and yet also historical. The customer service (very cordial hard workers) was excellent and the accomodations fair for the price we paid. Unfortunately, we did not have a great experience with our room. The room, #401, reeked of stale urine and the shower fixtures for hot and cold water were problematic. I would return to the Powell Hotel but not stay in #401.	
Aug 20 2004	Great charm and excellent location	After having stayed in San Francisco for about a week (at the end of April), we consider ourselves very fortunate to have found the Powell Hotel (we booked directly on their website - internet special of $89/night). I would certainly recommend the Powell Hotel for those looking for value, character and a great location.The Powell Hotel is wonderfully located about a 2 min walk from Union Square (nearly every shop you can think of is within a couple blocks) and about a 5 min walk to the Moscone Convention Centre (if you're there for a conference). Chinatown is only about a 5 minute walk. In fact, if you enjoy walking, and don't mind a few hills, you can walk up Powell Street to the water (e.g. Ghiardelli Square/Fisherman's wharf) in about 30 - 45 min. You can also walk down Market Street to the Ferry Building in about 20 min (no hills) --- Sausalito is only a short ferry ride across the Bay, and is a great little spot for lunch and wondering around.The cable car turnaround is right below the front of the hotel, but we certainly didn't consider it noisy even though our room was on the front of the hotel (mostly well behaved tourists waiting in line). This actually added to the unique experience and charm of the hotel. (The cable cars line-ups get busy at the turnaround, so walk up the street to one of the other stops to avoid the line). The rooms were clean, fresh and comfortable; not huge rooms, but certainly not cramped either. The housekeeping staff were quick to make up the rooms. We were in San Francisco during a unprecedented heat wave, and despite no air conditioning, the hotel provided fans which made it comfortable. The staff were very courteous and always helpful. The lobby is warm and welcoming, and has a modern art deco feel.There is also a great little cafe in the lobby, which was excellent for a quick breakfast (bagels, yogurt, coffee, etc). If you need to rent a car, nearly every major car rental company is within a block or two west of the Powell. This is great for getting out to Sonoma or Muir Woods and it's fairly easy to get in and out of San Francisco with a good map.If you're into running, a recommended route is to go from the Powell, down Market Street (nice wide sidewalk and flat) to the water (i.e. Ferry Building). From the Ferry Building, turn left and run down The Embarcadero. You can keep running along the Bay and turn around at any time. If you're into longer distances, keep running toward the Golden Gate (it's a little over an hour). We ran over the Golden Gate to Sausilito (about 2 hours) had breakfast, and took the ferry back....probably one of the most memorable experiences.The Cab fare is about $35 - $40 from the SFO airport. The Powell is not within the Tenderloin Area (i.e. the rougher part of San Francisco). In fact, there is a lot of security people around with all the shops and banks nearby as well as the BART (transit) security.	
Aug 1 2004 	What a steal - as long as you know what to ask for....	Wow! I must say I was a little scared about what I'd find with a room rate of $80 night (convention rate)...I normally stay at the W but am trying to be more careful with $$$ so decided to try the Powell. I was thrilled! Yes the rooms aren't going to win any design awards....but mine was very clean and the bathroom spotless. Was pleased to have the iron/board, cofee maker...Location was perfect for my needs and I can appreciate the urban feel. Definitely ask for a quiet room - I had 516 which wasn't huge, but noise wasn't a problem at all! Avoid 3rd floor - and even 4th if the room is above the vending area- it's really noisy. All the plusses mentioned already are true. I was told they have been renovating rooms which will be open soon. Sushi lovers make sure to go to the new sushi bar a block away - ask about it at the desk. Also, I found out as I was leaving they have a mezzanine with tables and chairs. I don't know if it will be turned into a restaurant but for now it would be a great place to hang out in lieu of your room. This is one of those hotels that isn't for everyone and I can certainly see how one could have a negative experience, but I think if you talk through your needs/requests at the time of reservation, you'll be quite pleased. And let me tell you, it was a treat to check out and not be handed a huge bill!	
Jul 30 2004	Great budget Hotel	I found out about Powell Hotel when i was searching in the internet for an hotel in San Francisco. I was amazed by the site. I've stayed a week in San Francisco at the Powell Hotel in May. It's a wonderful budget hotel, it's near everyhting and with a lot of transport options. The hotel staff were very friendly... and weren't expecting tips in return of favours... The room furniture was a little old, but the bathroom was renewed... i had a big bathroom. I left my heart in San Francisco and in Powell Hotel too:)	
Jul 29 2004	Great Location Great value	Four of us were there (two adult and two kids) from Monday July 12,2004 till Sunday July 18,2004Best location in the city without a doubt, steps from Powell Street BART station, cable cars and Union Square. Modern lobby with secured night entrance.Boutique hotel with older rooms but nicely decorated. Don't stay on the cable car side of the hotel if you are a light sleeper because they run till 12:30 AM and start operations at 6:00 AM. Staff were friendly and provided immediate service to a hot water problem (Too hot) we had in the bathroom	
Jul 26 2004	Good location clean but noisy	My wife and I stayed at the Powell for 4 nights the week of July 19. I spent hours searching the internet for the best price and reading reviews, and I decided on the Powell due to price, location, and photos. The hotel is old. The lobby is remodeled and very nice and the staff very friendly and helpful. Our room, however, was looking very old, but it was clean. The room was small, but for the price and location, it was fine. The biggest complaint was noise. The windows are only single pane, so ALL the street noise can be heard. This includes homeless people yelling after dark, cable cars, and traffic. To top it off, on two mornings we were awakend by a jackhammer below at 6:30 am. The second night we requested a floor fan to help drown out the noise. The front dest supplied it quickly and it greatly helped us to stand the noise and get a better nights sleep. Overall, the room was clean, staff friendly, price great (booked on Expedia), and location can't be beat. But just too noisy and the rooms could use a remodel. Parking can be pricey, too. I think that next time we would choose a hotel out of the downtown area, possible Cow Hollow.	
Jul 23 2004	Completely satisfied!	I spent hours reading reviews, researching room rates, etc. before settling on the Powell Hotel. We spent 4 nights there and had a terrific experience! The location is unbeatable in terms of public transport, shopping and eateries. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. The Powell is a cool old building, if you don't appreciate the beauty and quirkiness of historical buildings, don't stay here. Despite its age, our room was very clean and comfortable, which is all that matters. I will definately stay at the Powell when I return to SF, especially after the nearby construction is finished!	
Jul 16 2004	Terrible noisy room not that clean but good hotel location.	I stayed at the Poweel for three nights from 25th June 2004 on my way to Hawaii and for the Gay Pride weekend in SF. This was not my first time at the Powell but on the other occasion I had a much nicer room. I was given a twin bedded room with two single beds when I had requested a double through Expedia.. Okay fine this happenes sometimes on a busy weekend and they could not swap my room. However the room was right next to an ice machine that kept me awake clunking away all night. I know I paid a budget price but the rooms are in desperate need of renovation and are not that clean really. A place to stay if you want to be in a good location to get around the city but don't plan to spend more time in your room than when you are asleep.	
Jul 12 2004	The Powell Hotel - Misleading and disappointing	We just spent a weekend in San Francisco to shop and play. I booked a room with The Powell Hotel online using Expedia and after looking at the hotel's website and reading some reviews. The location and lobby of the hotel are great. It is right on Market across from Nordstrom. There is a nice espresso bar, efficient valet service, and the lobby was clean and newly furnished. The rooms are a different story. They are old and have a musty odor. The carpet was stained, the beds uncomfortable, and honestly, the bathroom had not been updated since the 60's. Our first room had a soggy wet spot outside of the bathroom and so we were moved into a room that looked the same but was dry. The room was $100 a night which may not be a lot in a big city but there must be better out there. Luckily, I brought my 15 year old niece and not my husband, because he would have thrown a fit and moved us!	
Jun 28 2004	Great Location - terrible smell !!!	We stayed here May 2004 for 3 days as part of a fly-drive around California. We chose this hotel as it was cheap, the location looked good and the reviews didn't seem too woeful. When you exit the hotel you are right at the start of the Powell tram line - excellent for a queue-less morning start. There were a couple of vagrants wandering around at night, but according to the hotel staff (who were very friendly and courteous), such problems have been much reduced of late, and we felt quite safe on the main street at night. There is a small coffee-shop in the lobby with bagels and such, but for a full breakfast you’ll have to go outside - there's plenty of choice, try the excellent upstairs diner just up the road. The room we got on the 6th floor was quiet, bright and large with a slightly dated but adequate décor and a large and comfortable bed. Now why didn’t we give this hotel a higher score ? It wasn’t because we never got a clear TV signal. What hit us when we entered our room was the strong mildew smell that permeated everything (it also didn’t help the general ambiance that someone had recently been sick in both lifts). The hotel staff were sympathetic, but another room they showed us on the 2nd floor was also smelly and was quite dark so, jetlagged as we were, we decided to chance it in the first room. They offered us a large fan (which made no difference), I left all the windows open during the day (which made no difference) but my trip was to the drug-store for a can of Ozium Air Sanitizer finally did kill off the worst of the smell (excellent stuff !). If you’re planning on staying in the Powell and they have the same crappy old carpets and musty smell I would highly recommend a trip to the drug store for a can of air freshener !	
Jun 16 2004	Amazing experience for travelers on a budget!	My husband and I, both students, couldn't believe the great hotel we snagged for $65/night on Expedia! The Powell has 1920s charm - from the wide staircases to the cosy rooms - that you just can't get at a Super 8, but it's still the same price! The location is amazing - just 25 steps from the nearest BART stop, plenty of shops and restaurants, and the trolley car turnaround. We requested a room overlooking the turnaround, where only pedestrians and trolleys are allowed to cross over the cobblestone street. So charming!!! The staff are friendly and helpful. The hotel closes its doors to everyone but guests after dusk to ensure adequate security. This was definitely a major plus in our first trip to San Francisco and we hope to visit again soon!	
Jun 4 2004	LEft my heart in the Powell	We stayed in San Francisco for three nights in september 2003. We had already booked a hotel there, but I was still surfing the net for hotels since that's one of my favourite activities. By accident I stumbled upon a great deal for the Powell Hotel. Stay two nights, get one free. I checked out the hotel and was surprised to find out it was the same place I stayed in in 1997. I booked without hesitation and I didn't regret it.The Powell Hotel is at a great location, just at the end of the cable car and next to a subway station. From there on, you can literally go anywhere in SF. We arrived in SF by air directly from Belgium and got dropped of at the hotel. We checked in, and the guy at the check-in (Gerry or Gary, can't remember) was really nice and helpful. He had a great sence of humour and treated us with a lot of respect. I immediately liked the guy. Without asking anything he gave us a map of the city and told us the places we should avoid. Very very helpful.Our room was in the back of the hotel and had no view at all. But I wasn't gonna complain. For the price we paid it was still a great deal. That place is awesome, since you wake up in the morning and you can hear the cable cars ringing. It's a wonderful sound to wake up to. Sure, the rooms are a little oldish, but they have charm. I'm already planning my US trip for next summer with my mom, and I'll make sure to stay at the Powell Hotel. 	
Jun 3 2004	Basic but great location	We stayed in the Powell for 4 nights recently and found the hotel to be very old fashioned although they were renovating it at the time so maybe now its not so bad! The staff were quite rude and unhelpful. The only saving grace was the location of the hotel. Right beside the BART stop (handy if coming straight from the airport). The hotel was also very close to plenty bars and shops. Despite everything I would stay here again. Suit budget holidaymakers.	
Jun 3 2004	Perfect for what we needed	I stayed at the Powell for 3 nights with two of my friends. We were looking to do a long weekend on a budget, and I think this met our needs perfectly!Like all the other reviews state, this is not a luxury hotel, but it is a clean, friendly hotel that positively added to our San Fransisco experience. The building, being a little older, had some excellent, old architecture, and just had a nice charm to it. We had a room with two double beds, and I felt it worked out fine for us, none of us felt cramped at all. Others have remarked on the friendly staff, and that is a very true statement. They seemed to go out of their way to help us with directions, or questions in general. We had a slight problem with our toilet one day, upon telling the staff, not only did they fix it very quickly, they gave us the key to the staff bathroom until they did fix it. Of course, one of the best things about this Hotel is it's location. It is literally steps away from the Trolley turnaround, for a novice to public transportation, this made it incredibly easy. If you don't mind walking it is only a few blocks away from Chinatown (about a 10 minute walk), and it is only two blocks away from Union Square, for shopping, and good restaurants. I would definitely stay here again, even if not planning a trip on a budget, just for the ambiance of the Hotel. 	
May 4 2004	Great location	Great location. Unfortunately, we were only there for one night. I wish we were able to stay longer. Didn't even need our own transportation, we took the Bart in from the Oakland airport and excited at the Powell station. The station was only an escalator away from the hotel. Very convenient!!! Rooms are on the smaller side, but are very clean. I would defenitely stay there again.	
May 4 2004	You get what you pay for	The Powell Hotel is a great location if you want to go to San Francisco and shop. There are literally hundreds of stores within the surrounding blocks. Coming from Chicago, this was not my idea of discovering a new city. The room was TINY and bathroom was small and old, everything smelled kind of funny. There is no AC, which probably isn't a problem most of the time, but we were there during a heatwave, and AC definitely would have made the stay nicer. There was also construction going on everyday, starting at 7am or so, and it was LOUD. The staff was really friendly and somewhat helpful (despite directing us into the Tenderloin to grab a bus at a urine-scented bus stop). Lobby was nice looking, furniture in room was outdated, tv was on a chintzy, wobbly stand. Locks on room doors didn't make me feel the safest. Great location for picking up public transportation, which we used the entire time we were there. The MUNI Passport is a great deal- letting you ride the buses, streetcars and cablecars for one price, and you don't have to deal with getting money out each time you get on a bus. I know I wouldn't stay here again, I'd definitely fork out the money to stay in a respected hotel chain next time. 	
Apr 15 2004	Powell was perfect	The Powell is not a luxury hotel but its location and staff are superlative. The cost of the room was unbelievably low and although the room was not big, it was clean and attractive. I recommend this hotel most highly to anyone who wants to stay in the mddle of SF in a pleasant environment.	
Apr 12 2004	Old Hotel; Fabulous Location		
Mar 21 2004	A great budget choice		
Mar 9 2004	Powell Hotel is okay		
Feb 24 2004	A great experience		
Jan 27 2004	Get what you pay for		
Jan 13 2004	Great location direct acces to cable car		
Dec 22 2003 	I loved this gem!		
Nov 18 2003	loved the Powell		
Oct 16 2003	Powell Hotel		
Jul 30 2003	Friendly well-located hotel in downtown SF		
Nov 22 2009 	terribile		
Sep 15 2009 	A éviter		
Jul 8 2009 	Consigliato !		
Sep 28 2008 	?????????????		
Apr 26 2008 	la meilleure adresse à SF pour y dormir		
Aug 15 2007 	Huid!		
May 15 2007	Enchantés!		
Oct 22 2006 	Ganz in Ordnung Top-Lage		
