Aug 17 2009 	Convenient clean helpful staff. Parking a squeeze but free.	Clean bed, rug, bathroom. Everything in working order. Room had desk, table &amp; 2 chairs and iron &amp; ironing board in closet. No view, close to highway. Accessible to major museums, shopping and parks. Good value for the money.	
Aug 14 2009 	Heartfelt and warm attitude to travellers and comfortable place to stay in San Francisco	I was a solo traveler in San Francisco. Actually it was my first visit to the city. As I didn't know much about this place, I examined carefully all the downtown hotels in San Francisco on-line. In the end, my choice was Bay Bridge Inn and now I am happy that I chose this place to stay. It is a very comfortable place to stay in, if you look for something not rather expensive. The staff is very pleasant. The owner helped me to reserve good tours round the city, showed me on the map which places are worth visiting and which ones I should avoid. The hotel is situated in a safe area of San Francisco. You can walk in the evening. It's a very comfortable place to be there, because there's Union Square and Powell Station just 10 minutes walk from the hotel. There are restaurants and a big supermarket couple of blocks from Bay Bridge Inn. And if you want to go to Fisherman's Wharf, you shouldn't spend lots of money on a taxi, as there's a bus stop on the corner of Harrison Street and 6-th street and you can take a 47-bus to the most beautiful area of San Francisco. Rooms in the hotel are comfortable, the service offers you coffee and pastries. The Internet is free. The only thing the hotel doesn't have in the room is a refridgerator. But anyway If you still hesitate where to stay in the city with Golden Gate Bridge and if you don't want to spend lots of money on the hotel, then you should choose Bay Bridge Inn. Good luck with your trip to San Francisco!!!	
Aug 13 2009 	Don't even think about it!	This hotel is close to the city centre and although it is very reasonably priced, it is in a run down area with lots of homeless people who made us feel very unsafe, harassing us for money outside a petrol station. I really didn't want to go out at night.The room was small with just a dirty rail to hang clothing. Although the bed was clean and confortable as was the bathroom, the rest of the room was filthy. The carpet looked like it hadn't been vacumed in a couple of weeks with rice under the table. I told the receptionist however the rice, dust and dirt remained; I dread to think what was living in the carpet.! The second night there was someone knocking on our door in the middle of the night and shouting next door. The next morning there were police everywhere and cars abandoned, Nobody explained what had happened or apologies for the racket during the night.It ruined my stay in San Francisco. My advise is to spend a bit more, stay in the Fishermans Wharf area, don't stay at the Bay Bridge Inn. D, Wexford, Rep. of Ireland	
Aug 10 2009 	Don't smoke in the room ok? Tough Love.	Drunk from a night of party with a C-list comedian, I have my luggage on my back as I meander down the sidewalk. It's 3AM and I need a place. Stopping on a street corner I notice the faint glow of a neon sign: Bay Bridge Inn. We have a winner.I make my way to the back and open a door that reads 'Office'. In the florescent light, I stand before the attendant and imagine I have just entered the ringmaster's trailer, about to audition for a carnival act. &quot;How much for a room?&quot;, my words come out slurred and lack a hint of emotion.&quot;Fifty-nine dollars, but you can't smoke!&quot;, he barks back.&quot;Anything cheaper?&quot;Of course fifty-nine dollars is pretty cheap so I opt to take the room. I have no other choice really. I pay the man, give him a cash deposit, and he hands over the keys, reminding me again not to smoke in the room.My next recollection is waking up seven hours later. I am fully clothed, star-fished, face down on my queen size bed. It's 10 AM and I'd like a late check out. After a few white lies about flight departure times, the same attended sits on the other end of the phone agreeing to twelve noon as a good time to bid farewell. Again, he reminds me not to smoke in the room.When I wake up, I am pleased with what I got for sixty bucks. The rooms are what you can expect for the price but do not feel overly dirty. I charged my blackberry and slept indoors. At this point, I am happy.At noon, I make my way back to the familiar florescent lighting of the office. This time, I am greeted my a female attendant. I tell her my room number at that I'd like to check out. In an instant she turns to the left and barks something into the adjacent room; I can't begin to identify in what tongue she was speaking but it was startling and I liked it. A man emerged and exited the office in the direction of my room. I understood that he was checking for damages before they returned my deposit, though the attendant did not offer such an explanation.As I wait in silence, again the woman startles me with a series of shouts. Who is she talking to? The man left. I saw him. A few more minutes of silence, then again, she shouts. Overcome with curiosity I begin to leaf through travel insurance pamphlets on the office counter... anything to get me a peek into the back and crack this case. Then the reveal: as I peer over the counter, I notice a toddler playing on the floor. My eyes light up, and I am smiling ear to ear. It was a baby she was speaking to all along though her tone suggested a hated mother-in-law confined to the hotel office in a wheel chair, slurping curry from a straw, and ruining the life of this hotel attendent. But it wasn't. It was a baby, and I loved it. This tone had been love. Tough love.The man returned, and the attendant returned my deposit... two dollars short of what I expected. Normally I wouldn't even mention, but after all we'd been through how could I pass this up? I mustered up the courage, and without missing a beat, the ball of fire behind the desk informed me of my mistake. I am still smiling.	
Jul 20 2009 	One word: "dump"	I read reviews of this place before submitting a reservation and most of them said the hotel was clean and convenient. I couldn't disagree more. Upon check in from a half baked person behind the counter, we got to our room and it basically resembled a truck stop hotel room. It was just dirty. I kept my flip flops on, didn't want to touch the carpet. Wish I had brought a sleeping bag so that I didn't have to touch the sheets. The reason why I stayed at this place was because I had gotten into SF pretty late and was looking to stay close to the motorcycle rental place where I was going to pick up a ride early the next morning. For $100+ a night, I should have stayed at a marriott or some such place. Definitely NOT worth the money. Maybe for $40/nt I would have felt better about the situation.	
May 31 2009 	Great location great value with a very friendly and helpful front desk	We chose this hotel for it's price and location for a short leisure trip to San Francisco. Our queen-sized double room was clean and comfortable and had everything we needed including telephone, table with two chairs, TV, shower, full-sized under-counter fridge and microwave.Downtown San Francisco and Market Street were barely 10 minutes away and Makesh, on the front desk was consistently helpful and friendly and took a genuine interest in making sure we were enjoying our stay and, indeed our holiday.Would defintely recommend for price- and location-conscious travellers on a city break to San Fransisco	
May 22 2009 	Shop around before staying there... bad motel overall	We looked around online for a motel close to AT&amp;T Park, we had a coupon for Bay Bridge Inn for $60.00 Sun-Thurs. I booked the room for a king bed, smoking, 2 adults. When we arrived on Sunday, they said they would not honor the coupon and the room would be $129.00! After getting a little upset... they lowered it a whole $20 ! We were in a hurry to get to the game ( Giants) so we accepted the room. Then they told us it was just a queen bed and was non smoking. To sum it up... it is a bad hotel, scary location, dirty, the owners are ripoffs and would not recommend a room there to anybody ! You can't even see the Bay Bridge, all you can see is a dirty worn down building 40 feet in front of you. And, if you have a big car or truck... you won't be able to fit in the parking spaces, they are sized for compact cars ! Stay away !	
Apr 1 2009 	VALUE FOR CONVENTION ATTENDANTS	I stayed five nights at this hotel on early March while attending a convention at Moscone Center. For this purpose the location is quite convenient, four long blocks away (about ten minutes walk).Freaks and odd characters are part of the landscape in the area, buy I was never bothered and they were not different from the ones I saw somewhere else.The room was clean, the queen bed was confortable, bathroom average, lighting convenient, furniture and heating not top of the line but adequate. There is cable TV and coffeemaker. Also there is coffee and a tray of danish rolls at the office.The room is bad insulated, because you can hear slamming of nearby doors, steps of passers by and the TV and chatting of your neighbor next door.Parking is free and one block away (5th and Harrison) stops a bus that takes you into downtown and the tenderloin area where you can find plenty of inexpensive eateries. The manager called Ricky is friendly, helpfull and shows to care about your stay.	
Nov 24 2008 	Good value friendly staff	I have stayed at this little motel lots of times as it is very conventient for the things I like to do in SF-, the MOMA, opera house, symphony, nightclubs, are all within walking distance. If you are not used to big cities, you may find the area a bit intimidating at night but as a fit youngish male it doesn't bother me. The manager is super-friendly and helpful,the rooms are cleaned every day and towels changed and while it is certainly not anything fancy or luxurious, it is just fine for me.	
Oct 21 2008 	I would stay again!	So I picked the place because it was within walking distance to a wedding I was going to and because the price was within my limited price range. Not knowing San Francisco I had no idea of the area. What I found was the staff of the hotel was marvelous (incredibly friendly, helpful and caring about our stay.) I also found clean room, not fancy but exactly what we needed as we hoped to not spend a lot of time in the room anyway. Area wise we chose not to walk about much at night but did travel by cab and the staff were happy to help get us one. Easy walking distance to local transportation that enabled us to go anywhere. I would stay there again!!	
Aug 4 2008 	New Years in the City	My fiance and I wanted to celebrate New Years in the city to ring in 2008. After finding many hotels already booked in the beginning of December, we came across this one. It had a reasonable price and it was nearby the NY show we were going to. So we booked it in advance. Scary neighborhood (SOMA district) Lot's of homeless panhandlers/sketchy characters loitering in dimly lit alleys... My fiance wouldn't let me leave the room without him! The room smelled like BO. We had to buy car air fresheners and hang them from the lamps! Both nights we stayed there we heard loud arguments outside and even a gun shot that woke us up in the middle of the night! I guess you get what you pay for!	
May 18 2008 	Great Value. Read this review for the latest update on my stay...	Ok, so I've read some mixed reviews on this hotel. There hasn't been an update in about a year so I figured I would give a fair update. Here's what to expect... The hotel is a little run down on the outside, and as others have mentioned it is in a &quot;questionable&quot; area of town. I don't totally agree with this. The hotel is located on Harrison street between 5th and 6th streets. There does seem to be more homeless people in this section of town, but San Francisco has a lot of homeless people in general. The general neighborhood where the hotel is located is a little run down. The streets have a considerable amount of trash on the sidewalks and the area seems a little &quot;rough around the edges.&quot; With this said, I don't necessarily think the hotel is in a scetchy neighborhood. I've seen worse in San Francisco by far (parts of the Mission and even North Beach are far more scarier!) The hotel is about a 10 minute walk to the Moscone Convention Center, which was the purpose of my visit. I must say, the surrounding hotels in Union Square are in a better section of town but you will pay twice or even three times the price. With this said, here are the pros. The hotel rooms are VERY clean on the inside. The decor is neutral but tasteful. I had a king sized bed and I must say that is was extremely comfortable (more so than my bed at home!) The room was a decent size with a moderate sized bathroom. The AC was the only thing I really have a complaint about. It didn't seem to circulate through the room that well. This probably isn't that big of a deal considering that it gets quite chilly in the city at night. It just so happened that I came during a record high heat wave of almost 100 degrees. The room came with cable TV, a mini fridge, microwave and an iron which all were nice touches. The rooms must be well insulated because I couldn't here must outside or from the people from the rooms inbetween me. Another key selling point was free parking and free WIFI internet. Parking in the area runs from $10-$25 a day, and WIFI can run about the same price at other hotels. The staff was extremely friendly and they were more than willing to call a cab or give recommendations for restaurants in the area. I give the staff a 10/10 for helpfullness and friendliness. So, who should stay here? If you have a conference at the Moscone, this is the place to come. You can't beat what you get for the price. If your a honeymooner or someone looking to stay in the city at a cheap price for tourism, I wouldn't recommend it. You could find a cheap hotel in a nicer section of North Beach near the Fisherman's Wharf that would be a better fit. I hope this review has helped.	
Sep 10 2007 	No thanks	Stayed here one night and that was enough. It was convenient to Union Square, trolley, etc, but the motel has seen better days. Neighborhood was questionable though we were assured it was &quot;safe&quot;--but &quot;don't leave anything in your car!&quot;. Staff was pleasant, but we did not feel comfortable with the room.	
Nov 22 2006 	Clean cheap friendly service	I stayed here for four nights during a conference. The neighborhood is a tad on the questionable side--I wouldn't recommend walking around alone late at night--but it's within easy walking distance to the Union Square area. The nice thing about being in a place that's a bit off the beaten path is that drug addicts and pushy panhandlers who San Francisco is known for (I've lived in New York, Washington, Boston, and several African cities, and never encountered anything as bad in this regard as San Francisco) aren't around so much, because there aren't so many well-off tourists and shoppers around.The room was immaculately clean, and the service was incredibly friendly. Free wireless Internet was a big plus, too. (Many of the expensive hotels charge you for it.) Of course, you get what you pay for, and the Inn is by no means luxurious. My main complaint would probably be that the walls are a little thin. And since it's a motel, you have people walking by your room quite often.That said, I'd recommend the Inn to travelers who are just looking for a basic, clean place to sleep. Definitely not for honeymooners or if you're looking for a place with room service.	
May 9 2006	Great Value	We arrived late at night and found this place. Very reasonable - $69! In the morning I was surprised to find free breakfast and a free wireless connection. I stayed the next day also and walked to downtown and at night I walked to AT&amp;T park and caught the Giants!!! All in all, I saved probably $100 in hotel cost and didn't worry about driving or parking!!!	
Apr 28 2006	"THE BAY BRIDGE INN" IS A NIGHTMARE!!!	My 6 year anniversary with my girlfriend was almost ruined by the mismanagement and employee inabilities at &quot;THE BAY BRIDE INN!&quot; We made reservations at hotels(-) at least five days prior to arrival in San Francisco. But when we showed up to the hotel an hour early we had no idea what we were going to be getting ourselves into. The employee at the desk told us that our room would not be availible until an hour from now, so he promptly gave us a map to the city and circled sights that we should see. We weren't in to much of a rush to check in so we agreed to come back later.  We had lunch at the Fisherman's Wharf and came back two hours later. The man at the desk than told us that are room isn't technically ready. He than explained that the room we had reserved was not availible and that the guest who was supposed to check out chose to stay an extra night. The hotel gave him our room even though we had reserved it. The hotel than said that they had a smokin room availible (we asked for a non-smoking room) and that we should look at it. We walked in to find the room still in disaray, the bed looked like it had just been slept in, everything was disorganized, and there was a pungent smell coming from a dehumidifier plugged in at the corner of the room. We were enraged! Going back down to the check-in desk the employee than told us that was the only room they had and that it should be ok if we just left the dehumidifier on. THERE WAS NO WAY WE WERE STAYING THERE!!! He than said there was nothing that he could do and that's the only room they had and that his nose is sensitive and he didn't have an issue with the smell. After consoling my girlfriend we went to our car, we didn't know what to do, we had to make it to a show in about two hours and we don't have an acceptable room to stay in. After calling several hotels we found one &quot;THE ADANTE&quot; in Union Square. The whole time we were calling other hotels the family owner's of the Bay Bridge were stairing at us while we were in the car. The employee was also walking back and forth around the hotel arguing with someone. During a call we made the employee knocked on our car window to tell us he had an idea. He had a friend who lived at the hotel who could move out of his room and give us his for the night until another room becomes availible. He would move his friend's stuff out himself to the 'Smoking Room' and just tell his friend when he comes in that we were staying in his; there was no way! We made our reservations at &quot;The Adante&quot; and all we had to do was get a refund from this nightmare. Per our hotels(-) reservation for a cancelation we would be charged a $25 fee to cancel our reservations before 6PM. It was 4PM, when we went back in to talk with the employee again he said he would not give us our refund. He would have to charge us for a full night's stay and than give us back our money for the next two nights. We told him that he could not charge us according to the agreement with hotels(-) that per the paperwork there would only be a $25 charge. He argued with us saying that we were wrong and that he was trying to help us. We told him that we were calling hotels(-) about the situation. He than prompted to try to call them first so we would not be able to get all our money back!!! After what seemed liked hours everything was settled and hotels(-) fixed everything for us by not only giving us a full refund but not charging us a cancelation fee. For all you travelers I highly suggest you pay that extra fee to stay somewhere a little bit more expensive. You don't want an experience like the one we had. You won't want your room given to someone else, or realize that the only place you have to stay is somewhere with dirty bed sheets, and an odor of disenffetant that's trying to cover something the owners don't want you to smell. &quot;THE ADANTE&quot; was affordable, we checked in between an hour of when we called, it was close to everything we needed to go to, the rooms were a little small but they were great, the bathrooms were large, people were nice, and not to mention we got a card that gave us two free draft beers at the 24fps bar each night we stayed. Trust me, you shouldn't go through something like this during a time that's supposed to be a &quot;vacation&quot; a &quot;celebration.&quot;	
Apr 18 2006	Little place of comfort	The location isn't as great but the rooms are great. There clean and very comfortable. I paid $60, using a coupon, it's a great deal. would recommend and would visit again. Staff was friendly and let us check-in half an hour early.	
Mar 22 2005 	OK place but get your price in writing	My husband and I stayed at the Bay Bridge Inn in February while displaying at Wonder-con at Moscone. When I made the reservation three months prior, the price quoted was consistent with the Travel Discount book we had ($49 to $55), which was confirmed on the phone with the owner. However, when we arrived, the owner said he wouldn't honor that price because only five people were allowed to use the coupon. We brought the book in and pointed out it was not indicated anywhere about such restrictions, and that he didn't inform us about it when we made our reservation. I was frustrated and walked out of the office, after which he promptly decided to offer us a slighly higher price than the Discount book ($59 compared to $55). When we checked out two days later, he denied having this conversation yet again, and told us &quot;you just found the Discount book somewhere, you did not have it before.&quot; He even beat his chest and told us to swear in God's name... anyway, he raised the price to $70/night, and denied anything he had told us before. We paid it in order to keep peace, but told him we would never stay at any of his places again (he also owns the Roadway inn.)Place was Ok, but they use too much Pinesol, which might be covering an insect poison substance. All of our clothes smelled of this mix. When we asked to skip the maid cleaning (to avoid more of this Pinesol roach killer), they did it anyway.	
Feb 8 2005	This place was a bargain.	I only paid $55 last night and parked my car near my room. I couldn't believe that i paid half of what i paid last year for the annual gift sho in sf. I will come back to this place next time and reccommend it to my friends and relatives. 	
Feb 2 2005	Clean and quaint	These guys have changed their act, or at least it was clean when i checked in. The rooms were small, but everything was clean and they don't gouge you like the big hotels. Free parking also!	
Sep 4 2004	Convenient to Moscone	I walked from this place to downtown, Moscone, SBC Park. I didn't have to move my car for the three days I was there. Great prices and good service. Rishi at the front desk was friendly and responsive.	
Oct 12 2003	dirty	One of the dirtiest hotels we've EVER stayed at. Bedspreads were very dirty. Could not wait to get home. On the plus side, the employees we VERY nice an d helpful. Would never stay here again. Sorry Bay Bridge Inn.	
Aug 6 2003	Inexpensive Lodging in San Francisco	This is a great choice for someone on a tight budget. Clean rooms and extremely convenient location make this a winner. Nothing fancy here, but if you want to save your dollars for shopping or entertainment in San Francisco, this is a good choice.	
Jul 18 2009 	Netter Inhaber schlechtes Zimmer		
