Apr 6 2007 	Adequate	It was adequate. I recently returned from a vacation around California and stayed in San Francisco for a few days. Although not as nice as most of the other places I stayed at, it was not as bad as some of the reviewers here claim it to be. A good eal for the price, but nothing special.	
Nov 24 2006 	Stay! You'll never forget it.	The Sonoma Inn still lives on in our thoughts a year later, and I don't think we'll ever forget it. Sometimes, I still dream of the smell of disinfectant. The windows are held open with toilet roll, the blinds fall off if you breath near them, the radiator is the size of a postage stamp and about as effective, the taps didn't work under any physical laws I'm aware of and as for insulation and soundproofing you might as well be outside. Decor is imaginitive, with handy signs such as &quot;this is not a garbage can&quot;. The tv is only tuned to signals from interstellar space, the hallways had handy storage for old broken printers, and the huge spidery crack in the glass in the front door was a nice touch.However......you might think that I hated it, but I loved every minute! The staff are very friendly and despite all thats &quot;characteristic&quot; about the place, it did feel safe and there's no way you're getting through that security gate in a hurry. Coming back late at night and pressing the buzzer to be let in, only to see a sleepy face with a mane of hair sit up behind the desk was hilarious! (but also very reassuring). Its in a good location and for the price it is, you really cannot complain. It really is a memorable place, book online with Salim and stay, you'll never forget it.	
May 14 2006	Low price good area	The Sonoma Inn is the cheapest place in San Francisco and that's the reason why it's all the time well booked. We stayed two nights and that was about enough since there was indeed a smell in the room, the windows hardly keep any noise from Van Ness out, TV has only 5 channels and it 's not really your dream hotel. But, of course what can you expect for this price and if you consider the area and proximity of many 'attractions' I think it's a good hotel for low budget travellers. Moreover, concerning safety of the building there have been a lot of recent improvements and the manager keeps a strict regime on who is entering: the outer door is open but there is a gate at the reception, where the manager even sleeps to hold guard. It might not look very professional, but we never felt in a dangerous environment. Anayway, if you 're looking for a cheap place to sleep in the city, take your ear plugs and sleeping bag (we preferred this since we had them anyway), and give it a try at the Sonoma Inn is (for a short stay).	
Apr 22 2004	A very cool place	 Located in the heart of the city, budget hotel with great managers, very nice. Also very safe and quiet 	
Apr 18 2004	Unsafe and scary!!	Checked in for cheap rate, quickly left because if unsafe conditions. The police were in the hallway at least twice during the night because of some crime! If you must stay hear, bring protection of some sort!! Craig Conn	
Dec 12 2003	Never again!	Upon my visit to the Sonoma Inn, the first thing I noticed was that the room reeked of defecation! Not only was the room filthy, I got no rest because of loud costuction going on inside the hotel. Don't bother!	
Dec 9 2003	Roach Motel	I found this &quot;hotel&quot; listed on a hostel site so I figured the prices were just cheap because of that ($40/night). Upon arrival it was another story...All I really ask for in a hotel is that it is clean! The bed, including the sheets contained seemingly fresh stains; there was a dead roach smeared on the wall and one crawling up another. Do not stay here!	
