Sep 17 2009 	The Reviews are right	Stayed at this hotel not long ago and must say every single negative review about this motel is absolutely true, however I dont let hotels define how my trip is going to be. The area is not too good but not far from where we wanted to be. We made the best of everything.. Yeah theres a lot of bums and druggies everywhere but talk to them, theyre not as bad as people make them seem. Anyway I had fun at my stay here. thats all.	
Aug 21 2009 	Worst hotel EVER.	Granted it was a spur of the moment trip and we needed a pet friendly hotel, you couldn't pay me to stay here again. Sketchy neighborhoods in major cities are really no big deal, as long as you are aware of your surroundings, so we thought, alright, why not? We won't be in the room except to sleep, anyways. So we booked a room for 3 nights. Room was very spacious and clean, included a mini fridge and you could open the windows. But by the second day, we had management tell us they messed up on booking and we had to switch rooms. This was veryyyyyyyy aggravating because they didn't even have the other room ready but yet they gave us a checkout time to be out of the first room, so we had to wait in the lobby with ALL of our stuff AND a dog. I was over our stay at this point. The night we were in the second room, we had a hooker pounding at our door and trying to bust in because apparently that's where she stayed the night before. REAL nice, huh? So much for the hotel security. After that, I didn't even understand why they gave us keys to activate the elevators. Whatever.Oh let me not forget the really dirty hallways, scummy carpet, and hookers roaming the hallways. I will say this though, the young girls who work the front desk are VERY nice and helpful as they can possibly be. Give out great directions to anywhere in the entire city and explain the bus system. Long story short, unless you're with a bunch of your friends, just out to see the city the ENTIRE time you're in San Francisco, don't stay here.	
Aug 13 2009 	Cheap for SF. Free Parking Underground. Dog Friendly. Bring Quarters!	We drove 365 miles a couple of saturdays ago from a campground near Oregon to San Francisco and decided to stay at a Ritz 6 oops Motel 6 because they are always dog friendly places. Mostly european travelers who know the ropes. Everything was clean, much partying but our section was quiet and the room was huge as it is a 3 story building that has been converted to a Motel 6 like no other. We had already had dinner down at Scomas so we hunkered down for the night with the tv and cold drinks. Bed good, shower good...sheets clean and bug free It worked for me. Got up at 6 and took my dog for a walk down to Union Square with a stop along the way at Starbucks. Nobody hassled me for quarters until I came out of starbucks. It is the tenderloin until a block or so from Union Square. Martell and coffee at Lefty O'Doul's on the way back to Ritz 6 (can't go to SF without at least one at Lefty's) Breakfast next to motel at Moulin Rouge...see reviews..there are tons of them. Since Sears was sold it isnt the same. We headed out to Big Sur after breakfast so it was a quicky in SF this time. It was really an unplanned stop but it worked out just fine. Secure parking and elevator that is operated by your room key is a plus. Wonder if the Cartwright takes dogs...they were sold out so we were lucky.	
Jun 30 2009 	Very satisfactory motel in a terrible (but convenient) location.	The free underground parking provided by this motel was really welcome as we arrived in San Francisco in the rush hour, and having jdriven all day were pleased to pull in under the building. Check in was quick and easy, the price very acceptable and the staff friendly and informative. The room was the usual Motel 6, clean, no frills, value for money. I had not read the reviews of this motel prior to arriving and suffered as a consequence!While in the motel (we stayed three nights) I found all the receptionists very helpful with local information: a great help to us making a first visit to the city. There's a diner right next to the motel, &quot;Moulin&quot;, that they recommended for breakfast and it was great. Don't be put off by its scruffy exterior; the owners have run it for over 30 years and the meals and service are very good. Now the downside... All the previous reviewers were not exaggerating about the poor location. San Francisco has possibly the worst problem of homeless people in the USA and this motel is in the middle of their territory. It's not so bad if you are coming and going by car, but when walking within a quarter of a mile or so in any direction you must be prepared to encounter many, many beggars, people scavenging in bins, pissing in the street, shouting insanely on street corners etc. And it can be depressing, especially when compared with the wealth displayed just a few blocks away at expensive hotels, shops and restaurants. However, the motel was well run, the staff were the best we encountered in our visits to half a dozen Motel 6s, and we felt safe enough there. Admittedly the underground carpark is a safety risk but that applies to that sort of environment almost anywhere doesn't it? Would I stay there again? Well, it would not be my first choice but if nothing better/cheaper available then yes, I would stay there again,; and that is partly because it's a pretty convenient location as it's a short walk to Market Street, Union Square and Macy's, The Powell Cable Car and the Civic Centre.	
Apr 1 2009 	What a show! Oh my...	This is a great place to stay if you are with several other friends and really want to see life on &quot;the other side of the tracks&quot;-- be sure to get a 2nd-floor room so you can have a balcony-view of nightlife on Geary Street.We sat on the balcony of this hotel on the Saturday night of our stay and watched &quot;the show&quot; going on below for hours. It was eye-opening, to say the least. It was like an episode of &quot;cops&quot;, except for the fact that there were very few actual cops that actually ventured into the area. All of the other characters from the show were there, to be sure.I wouldn't recommend this place for families, or for a couple, but for a young-ish group of 6 or more friends (preferable to have at least 3 big guys in your group), it is certainly a VERY different experience.I do NOT recommend venturing out from this hotel at night by onesself.The location of this hotel is not too bad if you have a good map of SF and a good idea where you want to go (during daylight hours-- I repeat-- during daylight hours).The Century &quot;theatre&quot; next door is really... umm &quot;something&quot;. It is very unlike any &quot;gentleman's club&quot; I had ever been to before (I haven't been to any since-- I guess I'm getting old or something).	
Sep 13 2008 	Skid Row Location - Motel is rated corrected at 1 star	I was forced due to circumstances (had to take our dog along) to make reservations at this Motel 6. The motel rates around the bottom of the pile which is actually pretty accurate - it definately could use some sprucing up but I'm not so sure that's possible.Here's a list of things that we noticed about this place - first the good stuff:1) Staff was friendly and helpful - even they admitted up front that the location is &quot;not exactly the best&quot;. (see &quot;bad stuff&quot; below for a bit more on this topic.)2) Motel (dog friendly), parking convenient, our room was clean, beds comfortable, TV and shower worked and the room doors locked. This is the extent of the security.Here's the other side of the story.. bad stuff:1) Absolutely the worst location in San Francisco - this is a skid row front seat from your room window. Homeless folks, drug addicts, drunks, pimps and hookers abound - they are everywhere (inside and outside of the motel) I mean everywhere! I have pictures if yer interested - write me.2) These are some mean streets - the motel sits on the corner of Geary and Larkin, next door is a strip joint - across the street there's a flop house, seedy bars and liquor stores - people are literally using the street and sidewalks as toilets and barf bags.. it's really bad - really!3) Noisy - big time noisy! The streets are so loud (sirens, cars, trucks, people yelling) that we forgot about getting any sleep and just hung out of our third floor window and watched the hooking and drug dealing, pimping, pandering and a variety of sex acts in public on the streets below - actually was better then Tru TV when I think about it.4) Smoky - if you smoke no big deal - we don't... even though we had a &quot;non smoking room&quot; (which reeked of smoke anyway)the place is so full of smokers that it permeates everything.. our clothes all smelled like smoke when we got home.5) The pictures of the lobby and room are &quot;dolled up&quot; to make them look bigger and nicer then they are - they are ok, mind you, but not as depicted on web sites.If you don't mind sharing the elevator with drunks, prositutes, drug dealers and 'hypes', taking your life in your hands when you go outside, risking getting your car broken into or just laying awake in a noisy, smoke filled environment then this is just the place for you.. do yourself a favor and leave yer kids at home but bring the Marines and some body armor with you to this one.	
Jul 14 2008 	Nice Motel... BAD location	Most of the previous reviews about this hotel are very accurate. It is located in the ghetto. If you make a left out of the hotel (head west on Geary) you are in a uncomfortable part of town. At night, it is even worse. To the right, it is not that bad. As for security on the property, there is none. To get to the rooms, requires a key. However, to get to your car, all someone has to do is walk right up to it. On my third night here, my car was broken in to... in their garage!!! And it clearly states on their parking pass it states that they can not be held accountable for any damages or losses incurred. You are basically parking at your own risk.When this was brought to the attention of the front desk, the clerk seemed troubled and did her best to assist me. As for the manager, it was at the bottom of his list. When i brought it to his attention, he just brushed it off as nothing. If you like a cheap, clean room with a healpful staff in a seedy part of town, this is the spot for you. As for me, I will spend the money on someplace nicer where my car will be safe. The last thing anyone wants to do on vacation is repair a car after a break-in.	
Dec 6 2007 	Big disappointment if you're not prepared	I have a been a long-time fan of Motel 6 because you can always expect certain minimum standards: e.g. the bathrooms are sanitary; there is always coffee; there is always a laundry room. Well, not this one -- If you're used to staying in Motel 6's, YOU WILL GET BURNED. This was just recently RE-BRANDED as a Motel 6; it used to be a Day's Inn. All they did was change the sign and slop on some paint.I read the other reviews and can't believe the level of naivete. Pretty funny. Can't we just call this place what it is: a skid-row flop-house and &quot;by the hour&quot; motel used by prostitutes? Oh yeah, and there happens to be a few tourists and business travelers there, the unlucky ones fooled by the Motel 6 website, which lists this as a &quot;new motel&quot;.I had to smile upon reading other reviewers' mention of &quot;drop-outs&quot; and &quot;weird&quot; people around this motel. This M-6 is in the very heart of the Tenderloin, SF's infamous skid-row. Many, if not most of the street people you see are HARD-CORE methampetamine and crack cocaine addicts, OK? Some have recently been released from prison or half-way houses. That makes them a just a tad more dangerous than just being &quot;weird&quot;. Yes, for the most part, if they see you're not drunk or very stupid you will be left alone. But they WILL rob you or get violent if they think they can get away with it.Of course there are some good points. Because this was a Day's Inn, some of the rooms are slightly larger than what you'll usually find at a 6. I really enjoyed the two large outdoor decks on the second story -- fairly secluded and peaceful, especially when you consider the motel's location. Another significant advantage here is the free parking. Comparable places charge $20+ per day for parking. And yes, the location is great for many reasons: right on Geary and Van Ness, SF's main drags; fun, safe neighborhoods are within walking distance (just head north instead of south). Dozens of dive bars and affordable restaurants nearby.But at $80+ per night, I don't see much use in staying here. I could imagine a group of young guys partying here, like for a bachelor party or something. You could get pretty roudy and it would be acceptable. Other than that scenario, I would avoid like the plague. This dump is absolutely NOT APPROPRIATE for families, couples, or women traveling alone.	
Aug 9 2007 	TRUST ME you don't want to stay here.	This hotel desperately needs a major renovation.The place is just horrible, the coridors are dark and dismal. The room was dirty, not to mention the bathrom.The place is located across a noisy night club that won't let you sleep until 4:00 am.The surroundings are also terrible. There is a lot of &quot;weird&quot; people arround, and you will not want to walk arround there after dark. If you want to get to Union Square, you'll have to walk 7long ugly blocks. The only good this about this place is: free breakfast and free parking; but it's not worth it.	
Jan 11 2007 	Great For The Budget Traveller	We selected this hotel based on price. The hotels near Fisherman's Wharf are more than double the price of this Days Inn.I wouldn't recommended this hotel if vagrants intimidate you. There are lots on the street outside. However, they are harmless and didn't hassle us. The location is not in the most desirable area, but I did not consider it dangerous.The front desk staff were polite and efficient.The room was clean and functional. There was some internal remodelling work going on while we were there, although I couldn't see any proper evidence of what was being done.The rooms have internal front doors and the lift can only be accessed from the ground floor with a key card.The hotel offers free parking, which for a hotel in central SF was a bonus. We had no trouble parking, but we were there over the quiet Christmas holiday.The breakfast at this hotel is limited to donughts and muffins and coffee and juice. There are also complimentary copies of USA Today.Union Square is around a 15 minute walk from the hotel. We generally travelled around the city by bus, and there is a bus stop (which has services to Fisherman's Wharf) only a couple of blocks away.	
Sep 5 2006	"Theatre District" location is a little misleading	Beware. This hotel is on the very edge of the theatre district. Go left out of the front of the hotel and you're in the ghetto. The only theatre nearby is the nudie bar two doors down. Room was clean, bathroom not so great. Staff was friendly and free parking was nice. We had to walk several blocks before we reached a restaurant we were comfortable going into.	
Jun 12 2005	Great location	Stayed here a week ago (June 2005). Very central location for exploring SanFrancisco on foot, but always turn right on leaving the hotel. We made the mistake of turning left onto Larkin and felt uneasy at all the drop outs and weirdos we encountered (even worse on Market Street, between Larkin and cable car terminus).However, after this inital mistake we only turned right and found the location to be okay. Room on 2nd floor was spacious and clean, with small but functional bathroom. Breakfast was served in the reception area for taking back to your room and it was quite good. Free safety deposit facilities at reception. Parking is undercover, free and you can come and go as you please without charge. Property has a roof garden on the second floor, but no fridges in rooms. Lift is accessed from outside of the building by using your room card.	
Mar 7 2005	horrible!!	We stayed at this hotel in June of 2004. We were traveling with 4 adults so when I made the reservation about a month before the trip I asked about the rooms to find out about what type of room would be best for 4 people. They said they had a 1 bedroom suite with a separate bedroom with a queen bed and another queen bed in the other area. I thought it sounded perfect and would give my husband and I a little privacy from our friends. Let me tell you this was nothing like I had imagined it from the description. There was no &quot;bedroom&quot;, not even close. You walk in and there is a bathroom on your right and a wall on your left and a bed on the right next to the bathroom. Then right on the other side of the wall is the other bed. How is that a one bedroom suite?? There was half a wall separating it from the other bed. Anyway, I was extremely upset and it just got worse the more I looked over the room. The second bed wasn't even a full queen, more like a full size bed. There is no way 2 adults could sleep in it comfortably. The room was filthy and smelled like someone had been smoking in it all night. This was their &quot;NON-smoking&quot; room. Of course I complained to the front desk clerk but she didnt take my reservation so she didnt understand why I was told it was a 1 bedroom suite. She offered to move us to a &quot;smaller room&quot;, one that probably didnt smell like smoke. It was a smaller room and just your standard hotel room with two queens very close together. We decided to drive around and see if we could find something better. Unfortuantely most everything was booked on such short notice, some kind of convention was in town. We were tierd and didnt want to waste our vacation time driving all over so we just decided to rough it. It really made the trip so uncomfortable and I was really disappointed. Also, do not be fooled by the pictures of the hotel. It looks absolutely nothing like the picture. They must have worked very hard to get the best possible angle and of course it was taken at night so it doesnt look so bad. There were many other really nice hotels we checked out when we drove around and next time will reserve a room at one of those hotels. Do not stay at this hotel unless you like stinky dirty uncomfortable rooms.	
Nov 23 2004	So-so experience.	Went there on 2003 for the Chinese New Year Parade. I got a horrible view from the window. Mostly another wall. Maybe due to this, the room looks n feel gritty. It's also quite dark and unwelcoming. Still, the staff was friendly and I didn't check out the breakfast. The breakfast area didn't look too great either. The best part of this place is the location and free parking. The neigborhood is a bit iffy though.All in all, I'll probably search for other hotels before I pick this one again.	
Aug 17 2004	Great hotel for the price	This was a great hotel for the price. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room and bathroom were clean. The continental breakfast was decent. . juice and muffins. Parking was awesome - it is free and underground. Very close to union square, trolleys, and china town.	
Jul 16 2004	Free parking but that's all	I was only here for one night and that was enough. When I first arrived, the desk clerk was away from the desk. I had to wait about 5 minutes outside before he came back. After the wait, check-in went smoothly. I went up to my room to discover there were no towels in my room. I told the clerk and he acted like it was a bother for him to do anything about it. But to his credit, the towels were in the room when I returned from dinner. Later that evening, I went down the hall to buy a drink out of the drink machine. The one on my floor didn't work so I went to the other floors. None of the drink machines in the hotel worked. And there weren't any &quot;Out of Order&quot; signs on any of them. When I was taking a shower the next morning, I noticed hair from a previous guest in the shower. I proceeded to check out as quickly as I could. On the way out, I checked out the continental breakfast. It was ok. There were muffins and croissants. Nothing special. The best things about this hotel are the free parking (virtually nonexistant in the city) and the location. There is a garage for guests only underneath the hotel. It was nice to not have to worry about finding a spot and paying a fortune for it. I will not be staying here again.	
Jul 21 2007	Hotel OK		
