Nov 25 2009	Love it!	Excellent customer service, from the door greeter to the front desk receptionist. The rooms are very modern and clean. The views are incredible. Overall the hotel is an excellent choice. Minutes to the Fisherman's pier and every other attraction. Plan to stay there in my next visit.	
Nov 21 2009 	Excellent service great location and clean.	Hotel very centrally located. Excellent service provided by staff.	
Nov 8 2009 	Good hotel near to Fisherman's Wharf	I stayed at this hotel as part of road trip to Las Vegas and Northern California. I flew in from LV, and at cab is around $40 from SFO to hotel. Very efficent check in, with friendly staff. The location is very good, just two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. Stayed in Rm 234, two double beds. Room was very clean, and large. Feels new. Large flat screen TV, with plenty of channels. Ipod , clock etc all there. Coffee making facilities in room,. Bathroom was fine. Great shower. Comfortable beds. There was a pool and gym, although I didn't use. Plenty of places to eat and drink nearby, i felt safe in neighbourhood. no problems. i would fully recommend this hotel.	
Nov 1 2009 	Expensive for location no fridge quiet	Spent 4 nights on 4th floor with infant and 5 year old, weekend to mid week. We were there for a conference and chose this location as it is close to the wharf and had a swimming pool. Funny lobby, only one elevator for strollers and luggage (and a second larger set of elevators down about 10 steps). The rooms were nice but not overly big. No refrigerator (I am seeing that Hyatt doesn't tend to believe in fridges). The pool was warm enough to go in for the 5 year old and was only 3.5 feet deep throughout but was outside and difficult to stay in long. There was a whirlpool hot tub only a few feet away, but gets real foamy when turned on and not very big. We spent probably 30 minutes here everyday. The staff were very pleasant except for one of the concierge individuals who was efficient but gruff and had an aura of overconfidence.Very good location (3 blocks from the wharf). Very quiet. Great housekeeping staff. Parking was a heavy surcharge. The breakfast was also expensive but much higher quality than mildly cheaper places nearby.Probably would go to comparable place that was less expensive if the pool wasn't such a big deal. Nice otherwise	
Oct 30 2009 	Not what I was fishing for	I had paid for a room for two and two breakfasts. As I went by myself I asked if I could have credit for the breakfast for internet etc. No go unlike the classy Grove Park Inn in Ashville that offered me dinner for the same arrangement. I then moved to the Handledy(sp) and had a bigger, nicer room for less money right on Union Square.	
Oct 27 2009 	An Excellent Choice!	This hotel was exactly what we were looking for. It was a short walk to all the action on Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel staff were great, the rooms were very clean and attractive. My girlfriend and I paid the little extra and had a huge room. Our friends did not get the extra large room. Their rooms were also very nice, but a little on the small side. The lounge as well as the lobby are also very clean and nice. The pool and hottub are well looked after and pleasant to relax in. From the minute we drove up in our taxi cab until we drove away 4 days later, we were treated like VIP! We will definately stay here again.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great service but the rooms were lacking	I enjoyed our stay in San Fran, however the bathrooms at the Hyatt were lacking. The shower reminded me of something that is built outside on those tropical islands. The water stream was not adjustable and sprayed straight down, even though the shower area was huge. It was not completely closed in either, so I always felt a draft and the water spray was not enough to compensate. Other than the shower situation, the room was great.	
Oct 16 2009 	Superb Staff.	We stayed here in early October and it was very comfortable (especially the bed). The location is good and is walking distance to the Wharf as you might expect. All of the staff were very accommodating, helpful, and friendly, especially the concierge. A very good place to stay if you want to be near the Wharf attractions. The restaurant Knuckles was good and a great place to watch sports. Very nice people at this place.	
Oct 15 2009 	Nice but expensive	Stayed here for a long weekend. Read many of the reviews here and most of them were pretty much on target. Hotel is nice. Hallways are dim and I don't care for the decorators style, but carpets and walls were in great condition and well kept. Our room was clean (except for the empty condom wrapper behind the garbage can in the bathroom) and comfortable. We were on the third floor and our view was of the ballet school across the street. We didn't mind as most of our time was spent out of the room.We didn't eat at the hotel but took the advice found here and tried out the Hollywood Cafe across the street. Food was good but don't expect a bargain. Breakfast for two was $30 and it's cash only. There is an IHOP a few blocks away and a Walgreens, Trader Joe's and Safeway very close by where we picked up snacks and drinks for in the room.We planned to spend most of our time in the Fisherman's Wharf area but did have play tickets for Sat night and went to the King Tut exhibit on Sunday. Getting a cab Saturday night was almost impossible, leave yourself extra time if traveling anywhere. And bring a lot of cash. Cab from and to the airport was $50 each way. Theater was $20 and the de Young Museum was about $25. The municipal bus will get you there if you're up for two or three transfers and an hour of your time.One thing that really ticks me off, not just here but anywhere I stay, is paying for Internet. At $300 a night I feel it's a real nickle and dime stunt to charge you $10 for Internet service.All in all a good time, but you can find a cheaper place in the same area.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good location to tourist areas	Hotel was nice and clean. It looks like they upgraded an older hotel with new fixtures and did a facelift. Showers were new but not very functional. They had a new age style with open doors and water coming out from the ceiling. not impressive and cold. Hotel is close to most everything. Did the Segway tour...highly recommended. Go to In n out burgers....best burgers in town. Farmers market was great and walking down to China Town was fun. They charge for internet access.	
Oct 2 2009 	A good wel located hotel	We stayed in the Hyatt for 3 nights in mid September. We had stayed here several years ago, and chose to return based both on that experience and the hotels convenient location. The Hyatt (as it's name would suggest) is in easy walking distance of the Fisherman's Wharf area, and is adjacent to the cable car turnaround. It is also close by to the rental car offices in Beach St (we were picking a car up on our departure), and is also on a couple of major bus lines - we made our way to both AT&amp;T Park and the Tut exhibition using the bus.We only ate once at Knuckle's, but this was good. We had a few drinks here on another occasion, and it seemed like the bar was well used by locals (especially for the sports on it's many TVs) which we took to be a good sign. We had breakfast across the road at the Hollywood Cafe, based on recommendations on this site and were not disappointed. Our 5th floor room was well appointed,clean and comfortable with a good supply of hanging and drawer space. We had ordered a fridge for the room (from a pre arrival email sent by Hyatt) which was on site on our arrival. We also made good use of the guest laundry (wash $1.50 dry $ 2.00). All in all for a three day visit we had no regrets about returning to this hotel.	
Sep 29 2009 	Very Fancy Not The Best Value	This Hyatt is not well marked so if you don’t look at pictures of the front beforehand you may have some difficulty finding it but once you do you’re in for a treat. The staff is extraordinarily pleasant. We ended up upgrading our room to an Oversize King option so I can’t speak for the regular rooms. The location is fantastic; you’re within easy walking distance to Fisherman’s Wharf if you go down the hill and Ghirardelli Square if you go along the street. There are other sights you could try walking to but I wouldn’t recommend it and the #47 bus goes right by the front and that will take you to most of the more distant places you’d want to check out.Parking is insanely expensive but San Francisco is a unique case when it comes to parking, you can park for about $32 per day if you’re willing to walk 2 blocks from a nearby parking garage at the Walgreen’s which is actually a significant savings over what the Hyatt wants to charge.They do love to charge you for everything. Internet either on TV or WiFi (but not both!) is an extra $10 per day. The TV Internet is dodgy, the wireless keyboard needs a perfect line of sight to work and even then you better hunt and peck because anything faster won’t work. Frankly I’d rather have something wired to the desk that works than a fancy wireless keyboard I could try to use in bed that doesn’t. And the controls are far from intuitive, read the menus carefully before proceeding. It’s a little outrageous when you think any Motel 6 charges $3 for WiFi per day and at a Travelodge it’s usually free but with the money you’re paying to stay at a Hyatt it’s more expensive than most other places. I suppose their regular guests can afford it and the business people can write it off anyways. They have the $5 bottles of water but that’s fine with the vending machines and Walgreen’s nearby and pretty standard. They do provide free whitening toothpaste though which I thought was a nice touch, and plenty of towels and pillows all around.The TV was nice and well placed. The room came with a coffee maker but the coffee it produced wasn’t worth the time, two sips and the rest you want to send down the drain. The desk/TV stand was very handy and had electrical outlets coming out its ears in very convenient locations which we appreciated. The phone by the bed however had so much static on the line it was incredibly hard to hear who you were calling. The décor was fantastic.The bathroom was very modern and stylish which was nice but the door wasn’t really a door so much as a sliding wood panel as if you were stepping into a closet and it was a heavy wood with no proper handle so you really had to thrown your back into moving that thing and it didn’t have a lock which wasn’t a concern for us but may be for others. The bathroom was large; there was no bath in our room but rather a very modern-looking shower where water essentially cascades out of the ceiling. It sounds great but the pressure isn’t the greatest and since you can’t really adjust the head coverage is splotchy.Overall we were really impressed however the room did lack one thing – there was actually very little information about the hotel itself. It mentioned some services and numbers you could call which was grand but it didn’t have, for example, the hours of the pool. Nor did it state if local calls were free, which they almost always are but after the price of their internet access I began to wonder. It had a room service menu and some limited information about their restaurant but after 11pm it all pretty much shuts down. What good is room service that stops before midnight? Usually room service is a godsend when you get back late at 3am or something and want a good meal.On the whole this is an excellent location if you can afford it but don’t expect the greatest value and while they do the grand flourishes and stylistic touches fantastically they seem to sometimes lose sight of the practical.	
Sep 29 2009 	Location is great clean but I think you could get better value..	The Hyatt Fishermans wharf, is clean and in a great location. The nightly rates are most likely similiar to other hotels in this popular area. The pool area is clean, but nothing fancy. Just a pool (heated to 80, which is not really warm enough considering it does not get a lot of sun and it's located outside but with 4 hotel walls around and only the sky above to see the outside world. This hotels charges 10 a day for you to hook up your lap top in your room and 6 .95 for 15 minutes of use in the hotel lobby computers. This to me is a bit of a cash grab. Breakfast as with other Hyatts is not free, there is a neat popular place (hollywood cafe) accross the street. However if you stay in the Holiday Inn express (accross the street) you will get a free hot breakfast. The sports lounge in the Hyatt (Knuckles) has good food, friendly staff and many TV's to watch available sports. The Hyatt does have a great gym, better then most and with great equipment.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great Location Good Room Odd Hotel Layout Terrible Restaurant	The hotel is two blocks from Fisherman’s Wharf and around the corner from the Powell-Mason cable car terminus. The F-Line trolley is a block and a half away, next to the all-night Walgreens. It’s an easy walk to where the ferry to Alcatraz leaves. You can’t beat the location if you want that classic SF tourist experience. The room was large enough and well-appointed. The staff was very pleasant, although a woman at the front desk subbing for the concierge sent us to a restaurant (The Slanted Door) without reservations but is so popular George Clooney probably couldn’t have gotten in. Instead we had to walk down the wharf looking for Plan B, which was very nice (The Waterfront Restaurant). The layout of the hotel’s upper floors is very odd. People actually got lost getting back to their rooms. To get to our room from the elevator required 140 steps and four turns. Skip the restaurant. We had our first breakfast there. The breakfast buffet is truly mediocre, the kind you usually get for free and console yourself that at least it didn’t cost you anything. But here it costs $18 each plus tax and tip. There are a couple of interesting breakfast places across the street and a Starbucks around the corner. We had a drink in the restaurant/bar in the afternoon and it was full of screaming football fans.	
Sep 25 2009 	Excellent location!	My spouse and I stayed at Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf for 2 nights in May 2009. The service was great, the room was super clean and amazing. Great view of the Coit tower from our room. There's nothing like a super comfy king size bed after a long flight! We got a travel agent deal, so we were very pleased with the price, but we've also seen very good deals online/via Trip Advisor. Breakfast was not included, but there were so many cafes and restaurants nearby. We prefer to eat a a cafe for breakfast anyway. The pool was amazing, lots of sunshine during the day. Close to lots of attractions as well as trams and buses. Alot is within walking distance. The hotel had everything a 4 star hotel should have. We highly recommend this hotel! Wireless internet is available at a cost. I think this is SF's newest Hyatt hotel. It's a modern building, with a beautiful brick fasade in the traditional wharf style. The hotel has 313 newly renovated deluxe guest rooms, incl 8 suites and Hyatt business plan accomodations. Loved it!	
Sep 23 2009 	Great location - decent hotel.	We liked the location and the beds are excellent. Hollywood Cafe across the road is great for breakfasts. Knuckles in the hotel makes great burgers. Stayed at many nicer places for a lot less money.	
Sep 23 2009 	Good location newly refurbished rooms and good base to explore San Fran	Located in Fisherman's Wharf it is an ideal place to explore San Francisco. The location is pretty similar to that of the Sheraton, Holiday Inn and Hilton- all of which are nearby. It is only a couple of minutes walk to the Wharf and Pier 39 and other attractions.We just wanted a hotel that was well located and clean and this excelled these requirements. The room was spacious, clean and bright and the bathroom wasnew and of a very high standard.Whilst It was nothing out of the ordinary, it was of a high quality.We booked through Priceline and the hotel was significantly cheaper then prices quoted on standard travel websites so do look around.	
Sep 22 2009 	Was pleasantly surprised by Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf	I was really impressed at how modern and elegant our room was. The location can't be beat. We relied on the consierge Victoria quite a bit and she provided excellent recommendations. I think the best thing about the Hyatt though was that they were able to accommodate a late check-out for 3:00 PM which really helped us out quite a bit. For a hotel in the center of a touristy area around the middle of the price point, it was much nicer than I expected.	
Sep 17 2009 	GReat Hotel BUT Stung with the Parking Cost!!	were in the City for 2 nights $114 for parking!!! rip off its cheaper in london, hotel is very nice and great location. room eate was great but the extras i.e. wifi, bottled water, parking and such is a rip off!	
Sep 15 2009 	lovely hotel	We were in San Francisco for 2 days during a longer trip to Las Vegas. The hotel was lovely, room spacious with good facilities. The location was good for the cable cars and fishermans wharf. Enjoyed every minute of our stay in San Francisco!	
Sep 14 2009 	Quality hotel top service and ideal location	What a great place to stay! Had 4 fantastic nights here in a room with two doubles with a package including buffet breakfast. The room decor isn't exactly bright and colourful but it was so comfortable, exuded quality and was amazingly quiet - we had plenty of room for family of 4 even with all our suitcases. All facilities in the room were top rate even down to the iPod clock radio.Front desk, valet and bell desk staff all outstanding - extremely helpful and friendly. Service does make a difference and virtually without exception everyone went out of the way to ensure we were having a great time. The guy on concierge needs to lighten up a bit however. The pool and spa are only about 3' deep and small but fine to cool off in if it's warm!Knuckles restaurant is great - in an evening go for a selection of starters with some draft beer, you won't need a main course. Selection for buffet breakfast was maybe a bit limited but of high quality. There's a Safeway 2 blocks away.If the cable car stop is busy (always late afternoon/early evening) take a cab for around $10 to Macy's and catch the cable car back to the hotel. Fisherman's wharf is okay but very busy, dirty and grubby - go once but DO NOT bother with Boudin's, it's just a rip-off and the food was rubbish. Rent a bike from behind the hotel to bike the Golden Gate Bridge and include the Sausalito ferry route. It's a very easy ride (walk up the few short hills if need to) and you can take as long as you like.Parking is expensive but we only picked up the car on the last day before heading off but it was worth it.	
Sep 12 2009 	It's alright but we wouldn't return	Stayed here for 3 nights as part of a 2-week trip to SF. This hotel has some very good aspects: it's close to the pier, so there's no hills to climb. However, it's a bit too far to walk to Union Square. (We stayed on California St for the rest of our trip, which was walkable for both F.Wharf and U.Square.)The staff was very professional. Breakfast in Knuckles (which is nice room, with a trendy-ish bar; there's also cool wooden beams on the ceiling) is table-service or buffet at 18dollars for fairly good food. The front desk and concierge area is nicely decorated. The pool is fine and the area gets plenty of sun, but the pool water dried out our skin more than usual! (not sure what's going on with that.) The fitness centre is very good: treadmills, bikes and cross-trainers (all with TVs); weights, drinking water, sanitising wipes, cold towels, dry towels, earphones.The layout of the hotel is extremely confusing: you'll find yourself getting lost along the maze of green (read: 'puke-green' walls and brown carpets) hallways to find your room. In fact, the decor on all floors (except the lobby) is absolutely depressing (seriously!!) and there's no natural, and very dull artificial, light in the hallways. The decor in the rooms is not much better - they're a sad grey, with brown carpet. Let's just say, you won't look forward to coming home to your room.Toilet and shower, but no bath; the toilet doors are a bit weird and don't fully close; there's also no fan, so you may need to de-fog the mirror with your hair dryer. You'll also hear everything in the toilet from the room! Nice flatscreen TV, 2 phones and a safe. Comfy bed. If you've your laptop, internet access is 9.99 for 24 hours of a pretty speedy wireless connection through a T-Mobile hotspot (so you could use an existing T-mobile account on your credit card, or charge it to your room). There's 2 PCs in the lobby but web access is something like 6 dollars for 15 mins!!! However, they do offer free access to the websites of all airlines leaving SFO, so that you can check-in online and print your boarding pass. It's also possible (but difficult) to print documents for free from your memory stick (but you need to be a bit wiley, and I think I wasnt supposed to be able to do it....)Vending machines, and a washing machine &amp; dryer, on each floor; however, the venders were a bit fussy, some were out of order and you'll need dollar bills (they wont accept higher denoms).Overall, its not a terrible place but management needs to work on cheering up the accommodation. They've tried to be trendy- and some of it works - but I would really sack whomever did the hallways and the rooms! We certainly wouldn't return, as there's plenty of better, less weird, more cheery places in the same price range.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great place for 50 and over!!	Great location and great staff. The hills of San Francisco can be hard for this age group. The Hyatt is located at Fisherman's Wharf and within a easy walk to the Pier. The Hollywood Cafe is across the street. They serve a wonderful hugh breakfast for around $8.00. Wonderful staff and customer friendly. Sight seeing tours can be purchased at the corner. We highly recommend the hotel!	
Sep 1 2009 	Good hotel for the money	We had a very good stay at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf. So many things we liked have already been said in other reviews. The staff is super nice. Everyone smiles and is very helpful which is nice when you're on vacation. The room was very nice and clean. Our ipod radio didn't work when we first got there but a staff member was upstairs and had it fixed in minutes after we called. The hotel is very central to lots of the action on Fisherman's Wharf. Every night we walked down to the beach and out on the pier to enjoy the view, the sunset and the people watching. One cable car turnaround is right behind the hotel and the other one is just down a couple blocks. There are lots of good restaurants nearby and it's an easy walk to Pier 39, which is crowded and crazy but fun. Also nearby are Ghirardelli Square, the hop on, hop off bus tours (highly recommended), bay boat and Alcatraz tours, the aquarium, sea lions, and lots of other fun things to see and do.I first arrived at the hotel for a conference and my husband joined me later and we made it a long vacation weekend after the conference was over. The conference facilities and services such as food were very good and as far as I know the people who planned it were very pleased with the hotel.Two very minor complaints...We felt the breakfast buffet at $18 a piece was pretty pricey considering it was basic breakfast foods like scrambled eggs and bacon with nothing really fancy or unusual. But it was very good and it is, after all, Fisherman's Wharf and food there is expensive.Also, we wish we had had two chairs in our room so we could relax and look out the window, even though it was to the front of the hotel and not much of a view. But it's fun to people watch. We never pursued it but my guess is that if we had, the very nice hotel staff would have found us another chair.We'd go here again. Good value and nice room.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great place to stay	I stayed at the Hyatt from Aug 22nd thru Aug 28th with my husband and two children 14 and 12. We arrived around 1pm and room was not yet ready but they took our bags for us and we went to get lunch and when we returned the room was ready. We were pleased with the room but when the bell boy brought our bags my husband mentioned that we would have liked a better view but it was OK (Our view was of a courtyard) The bell boy told us the hotel was full but if we were staying for a few days then we may be able to move the next day, we said we were intereseted and he said he would try to make it happen. The next morning I went to the front desk and the women was very pleasant and helpful she brought up our account and said they would be able to move us that day, she told me just to pack up and leave the bags in the room and they would move us while we were out for the day. And they did just that when we returned around 4pm our bags were in our new room on the 5th floor over looking the trolley turnaround on Taylor and Bay ave. Also when I reserved the hotel I requested a refrigerator which was not in our room when we arrived but when I called the desk to ask about it they said they would send one right up and it was there within 10 minutes. There is a safeway (supermarket) two blocks away, go out of the hotel and turn right go straight for a block and a half and there will be a parking garage on your right and the entrance to the supermarket is inside that garage, we made many trips here since our first breakfast at Denny's cost us over $50 we decided we would try to cut back with breakfast and some lunches and eat dinner out, and if you take a minute to fill out the paperwork for a safeway card you can save alot more. One day we bought rolls and lunchmeat for sandwiches but I forgot about plastic wrap and/or foil so I went downstairs in the morning and asked a woman that was putting away the complimentary coffee if there was anything I could use for this and she was helpful enough to go into the kitchen and get me some foil. Everytime I asked anyone for anything they were more than willing to assist me. I would definately recommend this hotel, the alarm clocks are I-homes and my son had no problem charging his I-touch on it. Besides the high price for parking that everyone has mentioned, which did not bother us since we just got a 7 day muni pass and rented a car when we needed it, which was only to go out of the city. The only complaint I could possibly agree with is the internet fee $10 per day seems high,I was under the impression that you could log onto their computers for 15 minutes at a time for free but that is not the case those 15 min will cost you $6.95. I'm just glad I did all my research ahead of time and we didn't really need the net, we were on vacation after all. you are able to sign on and check bags and print boarding passes for free which was nice. The muni pass is great the trolleys are normally $5 one way although they are busy on the weekends during the week we used them frequently. The F-line is also cool to ride but we also used the buses alot they can get you anywhere in the city you want to go. If you plan to visit Coit tower there is a bus that takes you up to it, this is one bus worth taking we did not know about it until we got to the top of the many, many stairs that you must climb to get up there, definately take the bus and then for a small fee ride the elevator to the top of the tower for some great views all around the city. Hope these tips help you out.	
Aug 22 2009 	Favourite hotel in Fishermans Wharf yet!	Stayed at the Radisson in 2002, the Holiday Inn in 2004, so thought I would try the Hyatt this time. Good choice and the most upmarket yet. Clean &amp; modern room, very quiet and comfortable. Staff very friendly and got a good rate through cancelling and rebooking when the credit crunch really hit in January / February and the prices lowered. Would stay here again - an easy walk to the Whard and Pier 39.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great location for activities at the wharf and cable cars	We stayed at this Hyatt over July 4 weekend and couldn't have chosen a better location. Close proximity to the wharf, ferries, cable cars and trolleys. We planned to go to Alcatraz, Suasolito and a Giants game just to name a few activities and all were easily accessble from this location. One caution that has nothing to do with the hotel. We got the Muni Passes thinking that we could easily hop on a cable car or trolley from anywhere. Over a busy summer holiday weekend catching cable cars took a long time. If you are rushed to see the sites you may want to opt for one of the on/off tours readily available.At the hotel we were pleased with the pool - even though it was small, this isn't a resort and I'm sure the weather isn't usually so accomodating to sun bathing. The fitness room was AWESOME. We worked out every morning - it did get a little crowded at times but still, it was a holiday weekend and I'm sure they were totally booked. The equipment was new and fairly plentiful. They could have used a little more room for you to use the weights. There were plenty of weights but not quite room for two people to use them at the same time.Rooms were fine - clean and quite. The floors are numbered oddly so it is a little confusing. Knuckles the restaurant was great for breakfast but the Hollywood Diner across the street also does a great breakfast.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great Location	My husband and I truly enjoyed our stay at this Hyatt. Its location is very convenient to Fishermans Wharf. It seems like the other reviewers have it right. The parking is VERY pricey (but we didn't have a car, so it did not apply to us). A few additional notes:- On their website they recommend Airport Express as the best way to get there... We want to warn you that this is a CRAZY ride. It is comparable to a roller coaster through the city. It was easy to use and inexpensive, but be prepared for an uncomfortable and sometimes scary experience.- The pool is located on the third floor which we found strange. Just a heads up if that is where your room is located. It closes at 9 PM (probably to accommodate those sleeping on the third floor.) There were lots of people using the pool and hot tub during our stay and they were both not large enough to accommodate everyone.- The bathroom does not have a locking door. (Hopefully you are quite comfortable with the person you are staying with.) There is no exhaust fan for privacy or drying out the room either. The shower &quot;door&quot; is a glass panel that only covers half of the shower so the spray goes all over the bathroom. Make sure you have plenty of towels down. It looked like the hotel was going for something ultra modern, but failed to think the space through all the way.- Knuckles is the restaurant attached and has great food. We ate there twice.- The internet is not free. However, you can use it at no cost to print your boarding pass.	
Aug 20 2009 	No complaints at all	Booked at the very last minute and got a room. When I checked in they were very apologetic that they were overbooked because of Alcatraz Triatholon. So they put me in the other (better) Hyatt for one night and then upgraded my room.Had a great 2 room suite, free bottle of wine, free internet - in fact they couldn't do enough for me.I would definitely stay here again. Great location, good price and friendly helpful staff.	
Aug 11 2009 	Eat at the Restaurant Don't Stay at the Hotel.	I made a reservation with this hotel, on their company website in early July for a weekend stay in early August. I got an email asking me to check in online, which I did...I show up to the hotel at 2:15. My room wasn't ready-- okay fair enough, their advertised policy is 3pm checkin. I sat and waited an hour (they said they'd call my cell-- which never happened). I check the front desk at 3:30-- my room still isn't available. Mind you, there are tons of people getting checked in in the meantime, getting their keys and going up to their rooms. The front desk people were polite, but for some reason they seemed not interested in having me as a customer. They offered no helpful information other than to tell me my room wasn't ready with no estimated time for checking in. No worries-- I won't be back.The room was clean, but rather drab for the price. The bed was very, very comfortable. The shower was nice and roomy, with good water pressure.This property is clearly coasting on its location, however-- a shame, since I've stayed at the Marriott, Holiday Inn and Hilton (not at Fisherman's Wharf, though) and gotten way better service. Go to one of these (especially the Marriott, which I've never had a bad experience with) before looking at the Hyatt. Save yourself the potential aggravation.I ordered room service, which was excellent-- all the food I ate was fantastic -- do visit Hyatt's restaurant, Knuckles, if you are on the Wharf...it is a cheerful, friendly place with great food!	
Aug 10 2009 	Decent.	Hubby and I spent 3 nights here in August. All in all, the hotel is a solid 4 star experience. Great location, decent amenities and friendly staff - exactly what you would expect from a Hyatt, with no surprises. We checked in late (around 9pm) and were given a room with a view of the building's AC unit which was a disappointment as I had booked a room with a &quot;city view&quot; through Hyatt's 1-800 number. Front desk explained that they cannot guarantee a city view. Why offer it at the time of booking,then? At any rate, the next day we were switched to a top floor, corner suite with a great view of the city.Room service is good and Knuckles (lounge) is very average. The bathrooms in both rooms were updated but very dark and unwelcoming. A decent place to stay, but nothing &quot;special&quot; - if that's what you are after.	
Aug 8 2009 	A good deal - no bad surprise	I recently spent one transit night, after a good deal cought [--]The hotel is 2 blocks from Fishermans'Wharf, i.e, a lot of restaurants and attractions are at a walking distance.Our corner room was quite impressive and very comfortable (the bed was +++).Finally, nothing to die for, but an excellent and reliable place.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great location and staff	This hotel has a great location, just a few short blocks from Fisherman's Wharf and within walking distance to Ghirardelli Square, Pier 41 (if you need to catch a ferry), and SF's North Beach neighborhood which has some good restaurants. We were initially booked in a corner room on the fifth floor, but the street noise and a bed with a deformed mattress made a room change necessary. The front desk was extremely helpful (as were all staff) and apologized for the inconvenience and moved us to a quieter room with a better bed. The iPod-compatible stereos are a nice touch and the bar/restaurant looked very nice, though we did not eat in it.	
Aug 2 2009 	Good Location Good Price.	Great location to Pier, within walking distance to Trolly, pharmacy, shopping outside pier. Booked for $82 a night on Priceline. Room did not have view, but we didn't care. I am a Gold Member but I did not receive a newspaper each morning like I was supposed to. I would book again.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great place/location for families!	The Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf is the most ideal hotel for families, whether it's young kids or teenagers. With an outdoor pool, great proximity to Fisherman's Wharf attractions, Pier 39, the cable cars and North Beach...everything worth exploring is within a short walk. Additionally, even though my children are a little older (14 and 16), they so enjoyed the hotel's passports, with stamps to illustrate our journey through San Francisco.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great hotel and location!	Perfect location on Fishermans wharf. Very nice rooms and bathroom. Flatscreen TV. We had a view of the city and we would definitely stay here again! :)	
Jul 14 2009 	Excellent Location	Very nice hotel -- clean, great location, very comfortable. Laundry facilities available -- which was a nice perk. High rates for internet service. The main reason we chose it was for it's location -- which was perfect. Walking distance to fisherman's wharf and pier 39. Close to an IHOP for breakfast. Parking was quite expensive -- $45 per night; but they were very pleasant and quick.	
Jul 10 2009 	Exceeded Expectations!!	Wonderful Experience. The staff was phenomenal and were very concerned with ALL of their guests. WE were given a great rate on parking and the breakfast buffet. The hotel staff even let us keep our SUV in the garage on out last day because we could only book the last Alcatraz shuttle...no extra charge even though we had checked out.THe room was in great shape and the cleaning staff was very quiet and respectful.	
Jul 2 2009 	What a great value!	We searched on-line for a hotel for our 'trip of a lifetime' with our girls and found Trip Advisor to be very helpful. It's through this site that we determined the Hyatt at the Wharf was our target: We were happily surprised!I booked with the Hyatt reservations phone number &amp; got all we wanted: away from elevator &amp; ice machine, with nice view and quiet: 5th floor facing Coit Tower. We pre-paid and got a good deal for a 7-day stay (thought not as good as a PriceLine-type deal).We were only in the room at night for sleep, but the location was great, hotel clean and staff pleasant &amp; friendly. We ate at the restaurant &amp; found the food very good, but not too cheap.Only negative: housekeeping never got it that 4 people in room meant we needed 4 washcloths &amp; 4 towels. But a houseman quickly brought needed cloths/towels each night &amp; front desk sent fruit tray to make up for it.Found Airport Express to work well, too, pre-paying at $14/person round trip. Enterprise car rental 1 block away; Budget close, too.In all, the Hyatt made our 'trip of a lifetime' just that!	
Jun 29 2009 	Great Stay at the Hyatt	2 Weeks at the Hyatt from the 8th to the 22 June 2009, as per previous advice we didnot partake in the breakfast and went to the Hollywood Cafe across the street, which was amazing both in the quality of food and the value. the hyatt itself was an excellent hotel, we booked it via hotwire at $89 per night. For this the value of the hotel was excellent, I requested and got 2 double beds and a fridge for medication that I carry, this was all sorted out before we arrived for which i was most grateful. The staff were excllent friendly and helpful, especially Luz on the front desk. The room was spacious, the beds supremely comfortable, we had no problem with the width of the walls as some previous travellers have indicated, this may just be floor specific, we were on the 5th floor. In all I would reccomend this hotel, this is the 3rd time we have been to San Francisco, the 2nd on fishermans wharf, In all it was the best stay we have had.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great location great stay.	We stayed at the Hyatt from 6/17-6/20. The front desk staff were very pleasant at all times and check in was quick alllowing access at 10am. The room was clean and furnished as all other Hyatts. They offer a complimentary mini fridge which was brought promptly. There is waher/dryer service on each floor. The hotel is next to the Hilton and across from the Holiday Inn Express. The location is great if you plan on spending a lot of time at the wharf. There is a cable car stop directly outside of the hotel (Powell/Mason). Walgreens is one block away if you need any incidentals and there are numerous great restaurants nearby. The Hollywood cafe is a great choice for breakfast and is directly outside the hotel. We walked to the Alcatraz pier to catch our boat and it was an easy 15 minutes walk. The go car rental is close by (on Hyde) and a great way to see the city. We had debated on staying at Fisherman's Wharf vs Union Square and are glad we made the choice we did. The taxi back to the airport was $45 and 30 minutes. They do have the option of taking a shuttle for $17pp with stops at other Hyatts for pick ups.	
Jun 22 2009 	Nice hotel in a good location	My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt for 4 nights around the beginning of May. Location wise it is a block or so from the waterfront and a good 15 minute walk down to Fisherman's Wharf. However, the plus side is that it is out of the noisy yahooing crowds and we were never disturbed at night. The cable car stop (Powell-Mason line) was a block away and the nearest supermarkets were a couple of blocks away (go out of the hotel and turn right, take the 1st left onto Taylor and then left onto Bay. At the end of the block is a grocery store and then a Safeway and Walgreens about half a block along again).The room itself was really nice, large and had obviously been refurbished not long ago. Colours are blues, browns and greys so very contemporary. We had a huge bed with lovely linen and loads of pillows. There was also a couch in the room and a very large flat screen tv. We asked for a fridge to be in the room and there was a small one sitting on the floor - not sure why this has to be asked for I thought they were standard but obviously not anymore. There was heaps of storage room in drawers and cupboards. Only issue you might have if you were there on business is that the desk also doubles as the tv stand which didn't seem to leave a lot of room. There was a coffee maker thingie in the room with takeway cups which seemed to be handy (I don't drink much coffee so didn't try)The bathroom was large and the only complaint I would have is that the shower had a long glass screen but no door so water tended to get out onto the floor.The room was serviced well everyday.We had a drink one night in the bar which was fine although a little on the pricey side but then this is San Francisco. We didn't eat there but the food that was being delivered to the tables looked great.We ate breakfast across the road at both of the little cafes. Both served excellent food however, the one on the left seemed to do a variety of coffees rather than the standard filtered coffee but the one on the right had an additional fruit side that was wonderful so depends on what you want. Both had really good service and were clean and tidy.	
Jun 18 2009 	Very nice hotel modern and cozy rooms	I liked this place. Despite being chic, upscale and expensive, it was very comfortable inside. We were on the pool level, right outside the jacuzzi area. I am a light sleeper and was concerned about this. Not a problem. The hotel is centrally located near fisherman's wharf and there's a Cost Plus across the street to stock up on provisions. The bed was awesome. Super soft with great linens. Very plush. The room is the 'modern' style of hotel room. Lots of neutral colors and small furniture. Not like an older hotel that might have wood chairs, etc. The bathroom had a shower with the head in the ceiling. I'm kinda tall, so I appreciated that, a lot. I usually have to lean over to wash my hair. We got the 'larger' room, which offered more space, but was still not huge by any means. The staff were totally friendly and helpful with any questions we had. They always greeted us and asked if there was anything they could do for us. They even provided a small fridge upon request, at no charge. The attached restaurant left something to desire, but I wasn't there to eat at a place like that. SF has a lot more to offer, within walking distance. Highly recommended. Would stay here the next time I visit as well.	
Jun 16 2009 	As cold and grey as the weather outside...	First the pros: Comfy pillows. Nice flat screen TV. Friendly staff, especially the valet who served us courteously and with a smile every day. Great location, two blocks to touristy places and views on the wharf, one of those high tech public restrooms people flock to see as well as the Powell &amp; Mason trolley turnaround that will connect you to the two other trolley lines. There's a Starbucks on the same corner. As the desk clerk said &quot;There aren't a lot of views in a 5 story hotel. We are built on landfill so you can't get much higher without being in danger of earthquake damage&quot;. That being said, we took a room with a street view on the 4th floor and watched tourists and locals bustle, heard the dinging of the trolley which could be seen from our window, and had a decent view of Coit Tower to the left, and hillside homes to the right.Now the cons: Only a so-so lunch at the hotel restaurant Knuckles (we had a $25 credit there, otherwise we would have hit the wharf for fresh seafood - good sweet potato fries but the tortilla soup was lacking and the crab cake sandwich was fishy and dry. Our waitress was very nice.) Parking is $45 per night. Ouch, but that rate is pretty standard. Tip - some hotels will throw in the parking as a special offer.This place could use some updating. Single pane windows made for a noisy evening with emergency vehicles passing by but things quieted down enough to sleep before it got too late. We always knew when our neighbors were coming and going and watching television. The hallways are poorly lit and painted in some back in the day shade of green. The decor is in blue-grey tones with chocolate accents. It might have been modern in the early 90s, but now it just feels cold and dreary. It wasn't very clean and the lighting was poor. The clock was broken. The a/c intake cover was falling off.All in all, San Francisco is such an incredible city that the hotel stay was secondary. I wish we would have tried the Hilton next door because I know we could have done better. Give Sabella and LaTorre a try for a casual historical dining experience on the wharf. Ask for a window seat so you can watch the passersby at the open air seafood market outside.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Property Friendly staff excellent location	I arrived around 8:30 pm local time and was greeted by a very polite valet person. He was friendly and directed my inside. The lobby is a bit odd and is set-up in the new fashion without a counter, just a table at check in. The guy working check in was even better than the valet, was incredibly friendly, let me know my room was indeed quite and was in fact upgraded to a suite.Please see my blog at http://talesfromtheroad-mwalno.blogspot.com/The room is awesome, and the thing that surprises me is how quite it really is......I walked into the restaurant/bar and there were quite a few people there, it look nice with several big screens, and a lively atmosphere. It is located 3 blocks from the warf and I recommend Scomas for dinner there.I can't stand the Grand Hyatt here, and this really is a great property, I will stay here every time I come to town!!!!	
Jun 9 2009 	Nothing great - parking is a ripoff!	There is nothing warm about this Hyatt - the inside area like the front of the elevators, coridors, etc are dark giving a dingy feeling and with dark carpets, it adds to the dismal look.Beds are fine with the rooms being smallish, nothing to look at out of the window - you will see the windows of the across the street buildings. They have valet parking at $45 plus tax and the internet is $10. When is Hyatt going to realise that wifi is here to stay and is getting cheaper everywhere - most of the hotels today offer it free and with the high room rates paid here why cant they include free wifi? There are lots of other fine hotels nearby on this street and they offer cheaper parking.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great for Leisure; Bad for Conferences	This place has a bipolar personality. The hotel was excellent; the conference center -- not so much.The hotel has a great, central location, blocks from the great restaurants of Fisherman’s Wharf and North Beach. We received five different dinning recommendations from the hotel staff. All were very good! The hotel is smallish so no Regency Club exists at this property. Surprisingly, the restaurant had the lowest prices I have found at any Hyatt and conference guess receive and additional 20 percent off! Knuckles Restaurant service was good except Friday morning when we had to wait a good while for our server to show up. When she did get to our table (after we got our own drinks) she said they were having a meeting. Unfreakinbelievable!!! You would think the meeting would have happened BEFORE Knuckles opened.Don’t drive a car here unless you are traveling on business. No self parking. Moreover, valet is $45/per day. If you park overnight on the street, you will be sorry. We found lots of broken of glass from car burglaries along the curb on North Point Street just east of the hotel.The rooms are very nice and the housekeeping is outstanding. Although there is no turndown service, the rooms are apparently freshened twice per day. I would dash up to the room at lunch to change for a quick workout and shower then return in the evening to find fresh towels, a clean shower and my workout clothes stowed away. Many reviewers complained about the “doorless” showers (a glass partition only partially separates the shower from rest of the bathroom). Though some reviewers said the bathroom floor got wet, I believe one would need to try really hard to get water on the bathroom floor.The staff was friendly. Everyone smiled and gave the greeting of the day.The conference center is nice but the service is horrible. We had a great continental breakfast set up every morning and cookies or some other confection in the afternoon. Unfortunately, ice water was rarely available. To make matters worse, many times we had no water at all! A co-worker told me that the coffee ran out too! I complained to the servers or hosts twice and complained to the front desk also. The situation did not improve throughout the week. This is totally unsatisfactory! I do not recommend booking a conference here.	
May 24 2009 	Nice Room Easy Walk to Fisherman's Wharf	I stayed for three days in this hotel while staying in SF for work. I was one of 3 colleagues (each had our own room). The hotel was very nice - the staff quite helpful in pointing you to where things are, how to get around, etc. There is a complimentary hotel car available to take you places in the city (e.g. we used it to reach business meetings on market street) - just be sure to speak with the concierge/front desk to ensure it's lined up for you. The rooms were very spacious for a city room, although we all had inner-facing views from the window - meaning the bad news is you had no view of the street, but the good news is no noise from the street. :) Two of us suffered allergies while there, so I'm not sure if it was from something in the room or from being in SF (we are from the East Coast). The linens and bedding are all comfortable - typical of Hyatt. Also typical - there is no free wireless internet, but there is a small room near the front desk that you can plug your laptop in for free (if you have an ethernet cable), plus a desktop &amp; printer to permit you to print out your boarding passes prior to going to the airport. I did not use the hotel gym since I preferred to run outside in the city, but there supposedly is a gym and a pool available to you. As always, I find the lack of complimentary breakfast frustrating at most Hyatts, this one no exception.I do not particularly like the Fisherman's Wharf area since it's too touristy for me; however you can walk about 10-15 mins up Columbus to the Italian area (I do not recall the name) where there are a number of quaint and quite good restaurants. Also, the F tram is just one block away, so you have easy access to public transportation in terms of getting downtown. There are a number of competing hotels all within 1-2 blocks (Holiday Inn, Express, Sheraton, Marriot, etc.) so there are good options at your disposal in the event the Hyatt doesn't work for you.	
May 24 2009 	So-So	We stayed here for my 30th birthday a couple of years ago (late review) as a splurge since we usually opt for a more budget-friendly hotel when we come to SF. We payed $300 for one night and weren't immensely impressed with the service or our room. The room itself was ok, the bathroom was incredible but our view was less than spectacular. There was a slight mix up when checking in concerning the particular size bed we'd reserved. We had reserved a king and somehow ended up with two doubles. It was quickly resolved and because of the mix up we were given two vouchers for the breakfast buffet next door at the sports bar/restaurant called Knuckles. THAT was fantastic! It was very good.Overall I think there are far better hotels to pick from to stay in San Francisco. Upon finding a better deal we would entertain the thought of staying here again.	
May 24 2009 	pre cruise	my wife and i stayed here for two nights before boarding a cruise ship ,you could not get a better location for this.we did not eat in the hotel so money places to eat at fishermans warf 5 mins away.we had no problems with the hotel or the staff.cable car 5 mins away , we would stay here again.	
May 21 2009 	Touristy Location	Nice hotel, great rooms, greate service,but a very touristy location, given the fact that it is located in a very sophisticated city. Cabs or trains were necessary to get to any of the interesting locations. Price was reasonable.	
May 10 2009 	A very nice stay in San Francisco!	We stayed in the Hyatt for three nights from april 30 until may 3rd and we loved the hotel! The room was very nice, with a wonderful king bed, big tv and great bathroom with an excellent shower. We overlooked the pool, which looked great, but we didn't use it.We booked the Hyatt through priceline and for the $65 a night we paid this was a great value. The location was great, only a 5 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf.I rate this hotel 4 stars instead of 5 because they charge you $45 plus tax a night for parking, which I thought was really expensive. They also charge you $10 for using the internet. If they would change these things, I'd definatly give them the fifth star!	
May 9 2009 	NIce hotel	We stayed at the Hyatt from the 24th - 29th of April at the end to a 22 day trip to Vegas/ LA/ Cambria/ Monterey. We booked through Priceline for $65/ night plus tax. We were given room 491 on the 4th floor.As this hotel charged $45/ night for car parking and San Francisco is famed for it's public transport we dropped off our car after arriving. The parking attendant was more than happy for us to get checked in and take our bags up to our room and leave the car outside while we did this at no charge. At check in we were given the type of room we had asked for although the check in clerks couldn't be described as overly friendly. The hotel itself is very nice and clean.The bellman took our (4 large) bags up to our room quickly for us and we headed back out (stopping to ask the concierge the best way to the car drop off location - he was helpful and gave us a map).Our room was a good size and everything was very clean the whole time we were there. We were in an internal room, which overlooked the pool area, so it was probably a bit darker than other rooms but very pleasant (and i'm picky). We asked for a fridge and at no expense it was delivered to our room within 15 minutes. The bathroom is a good size and the shower lovely (nice tiles/ good size).The only thing I didn't like about the room was the fact that the bathroom door was a sliding door and therefore there was space at each side that you could see in. Now, I was only with my husband but still, I prefer the door to fully close! Also, they charge for internet access, which in this day and age is penny pinching so we didn't use it.If you want free internet access (and have a laptop) there is a starbucks just around the corner from the hotel where you can pick up a signal (and they do $3.99 coffee and breakfast roll deals).The location of the hotel was good for the cable car, just one street behind on the Hyde &amp; Mason line and a few blocks along for the other line. It was also 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf.Overall this hotel was good for the price we paid, I wouldn't pay the price on their website ($200/ night for the dates we were there) but it's in a perfect location for Fisherman's Wharf - if you want to stay there. If we went back again i'd stay elsewhere as the area was dead after 10pm every night, all the cafe's etc on Pier 39 closed down at this time on a Sat night?! There were also a large number of homeless people around, although this seems to be a SF problem in general, nothing to do with the hotel.	
May 4 2009 	Convenient Location Nice Rooms But Thin Walls	I liked the location, which is convenient to cable car lines and restaurants. The room was nice and comfortable, but on the downside, I could hear my neighbors' conversations. I got a very good rate through Hotwire.com, so I am not complaining.	
May 2 2009 	Clean modern central but the parking fee was astronomical.	We booked this hotel on Hotwire for $99 per night which I was happy with. We found the hotel very modern and stylish. Check in was easy. The rooms were very attractive with plasma TV. My biggest gripe would be they only had 2 x double beds. It would have been preferable to have queens which we got everywhere else we stayed during our 3 week US jaunt. However, they were very comfortable. When our bags were delivered the bell hop suggested we order a complimentary in room fridge (he saw all the alcohol we had in the bags I take it). This was ordered and delivered in 10 minutes. The bathroom was nice. We overlooked a quiet courtyard and our room was very sunny. The kids used the pool and our friends raved about the on site gym. We had breakfast at the restaurant one morning. It was buffet style, but quite a small selection. However omlettes were cooked to order and the chef made my daughter waffles although they weren't on the menu. Very good service here also. The location is an easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf, right past a Denny's 24 hour restaurant. There is plenty of food choice around here. We had no trouble finding the cable car stop closeby. Aside from the $45 + tax per night parking fee this was a very positive experience for us all. Our party of 8 were glad we chose Fisherman's Wharf as opposed to a Union Square hotel.	
Apr 26 2009 	Its ok but not sure how this hotel scores so well	On the plus side …good location, helpful &amp; friendly staff and half price car parking.Less positive…the room had very little natural light, was very dinging and had a slightly depressing feel. The lighting in the bathroom was pretty poor. Pictures of the hotel show a games area with a pool table…which hasn’t existed since Jan 09On balance..OK	
Apr 22 2009 	very nice experience at Fishermans Wharf	Stayed for three nights in April. Reserved through PL, received a twin double room. I asked for a change to a King Room, and although I paid a very low rate the staff seemed to take my request seriously and despite the hotel was pretty crowded they moved us after one day.Good:- nicely renovated rooms/bathrooms- convenient working desk- good exercise room/pool- guest laundry- location (if you want to stay at Fisherman´s Wharf)- quiet- self check-in kiosk, also providing the functionality to print boarding passesnot so good:- internet connection for 9,95 USD via T-Mobile. While connection was perfect in my first room, it was not 100% stable in the second room- no mini bar - in standard king rooms, no chair/sofa provided (twin double have 2 chairs, larger Kings have a sofa) except at working desk- no self-parking in hotel garage, they offer self parking in a garage nearby (13$ cheaper than hoel valet)There is an onsite restaurant: Knuckles Sports Bar and Grill. Although being a sports bar the food was very good and provided a very nice menu (also for vegetarians). I would definetely recommend the Knuckles. The very warm welcome from an exceptionally friendly gentleman has been the perfect start for a casual little dinner with consistent food quality both times we ate there.Overall: very good choice in this part of San Francisco. I do not think you will be disappointed.	
Apr 20 2009 	Loved by our entire group	The Hyatt at Fisherman's Warf was used by our Board of Directors for a few days in early April. This hotel could not be more accomodating to each of us. From recommendations to directions to personal service, we felt very catered to. Fisherman's Warf is very touristy, but the Hyatt's location was ideal- a few blocks to anything, including cable cars, alcatraz and the waterfront. It's a small Hyatt and very nicely decorated. Felt like a boutique hotel. The heated outdoor pool was nicely hidden from the street and looked fun to all who used it. We had a great time- thank you!	
Apr 14 2009 	Good Hotel- Terrible Parking	Difficult to rate this hotel for a couple of reasons..Got a rate of $65 / night over Easter weekend using PL. So I definitely got a good value.Had I paid $190 plus $52/ night to park ala their website- I would have been pretty furious.We arrived on a Friday at 2 pm- seems like a time when you need a lot of help at valet- since there is no self park. There was one guy parking and doing bags. The check in woman tried to help us with our bags, The people were great- but under staffed as could be. Our bags were in our room one hour later. Next day I needed to get tix out of my car- I left and went to lunch- took way too long. It was an obvious problem- and unacceptable considering the price to parkOn the plus side- it is a great location, nice rooms friendly room service and lots of shopping outsideHollywood cafe next door was GREAT for breakfastps- why do they have to charge $10/ day to use TMOBILES *******py internet service. For $230/ night average- they could give you some good ole free internet?? I didnt realize anyone still charged...	
Apr 12 2009 	Excellent location. Good service. Outrageous parking fees. Slow service at restaurant.	We just came back from a 3 night stay at this Hyatt, and we enjoyed it well enough. I had booked a deluxe suite directly from Hyatt's website, and felt a bit foolish not to be using priceline, but since we must have a suite, this was the only way to guarantee one. Anyway, the first suite we had was a very large corner unit with huge window. We loved it until I tried to take a bath. Huh? What? No tub. Yup. Imagine that. To top it off, it has one of those &quot;European&quot; showerheads which shoots water from the ceiling directly onto your head. (By the way, I've been to 7 European countries and not once did I see this type of showerhead.) Moreover, the shower has no doors, just a glass half wall. And the seal on that wall isn't great, so water was leaking onto the water on the other side. And the door (sliding style) to the bathroom was so heavy, I had trouble using it. I called the front desk and asked to be moved to another suite with a tub, only to be told that all the deluxe suites have the European showers. Hm! Well, I hated it enough to take a smaller room. In hind sight, I should have insisted on a rate reduction. And yes, I should have just booked on priceline.We ate at the restaurant for breakfast twice, and the food was so so. Service was impossibly slow though. I could have made the whole meal myself, leisurely eat, read the paper, and finish all the dishes in the same amount of time. I suppose they're used to have tourists order the buffet than just individual orders.The pool was clean and warm. Hardly anyone was in it until the afternoon. It was only 3 feet deep, so there were a lot of kids in it. The jacuzzi was tiny and was too &quot;foamy&quot; for my taste, so I didn't get in at all.Like others have mentioned, parking was $45/day plus 14% tax ($6.30). There are several parking lots nearby for anywhere between $10-$35/day. Since I didn't know how secure they were, I didn't want to be penny wise but pound foolish.Overall, we liked it well enough and may return in the future. I'll bid next time though.	
Apr 11 2009 	Very modern and clean	I stayed at the Hyatt for two days and it was a good experience. We had a king size room with a flat screen tv, desk, king bed, and we received a newspaper daily. The staff was friendly and courteous. We were not too far away from Fisherman's Wharf about a few blocks walking distance. We paid for a room package deal that included valet parking which was great. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 7 2009 	Highly recommended hotel in great location	I stayed at the Hyatt, Fishermans Wharf for 5 nights.I arrived at the hotel at 10:45 am after a 14 hour flight and was very pleasantly surprised to be able to check in immediately. The Hyatt's self check-in is second to none. All you do is to run your credit card through the card reader and your booking details are displayed on the large LCD check-in screen. Your room key card is immediately delivered to you.The room I had requested (Twin non-smoking) was provided. The rooms are of a standard hotel layout with the bathroom off to the left, wardrobe space to the right, leading into the bedroom. The decor was minimalist, but the comfort of the beds was exceptional, as were the two chairs provided. A large desk and LCD TV completed the furniture. Lighting was plentiful, though the elderly might have some difficulty in manipulating the small turn switches on the lamps. The bathroom towels, shampoo soap etc were all of a high standard. The only thing I wasn't too keen on were the carpets: dark brown and highly patterned.The hotel is located within easy walking distance of the attractions of Fishermans Wharf, street car terminus, shops etc. I also walked a couple of times to Union Square, an interesting 28 minute journey via Chinatown. All the staff I encountered at the hotel were delightful. I will definitely stay there again when I am in San Francisco. Highy recommended!	
Apr 5 2009 	Parking Fees killed me but great hotel.	We ( my fiance and I) drove up from Los Angeles and stayed 3 nights at the Wharf Hyatt. This was a wine tasting trip for us.I was able to get a great price of $308 for 3 nights through the &quot;bidding website.&quot;The hotel had my reservation per my request as a non-smoking King bed, but I was given a non-smoking with two fulls. Boo. My fiance and I scrunched together and slept fine in their wonderful bed, but I was unhappy that all they could offer me was a smoking King room, or the two fulls after I made a request for the non-smoking king.The Hyatt's Restaurant and Bar Knuckles was fantastic, and I called ahead of time to get a good table for 6 and they accommodated us wonderfully. Try the Blue Moon Belgium Beer. YUM! The Fried Salmon was not very good in my opinion but the meals the others had were all amazing. For the price, I felt the values at Knuckles were outstanding.All in all the Hotel was nice, but the Holdiay Inn Express across the street offered free breakfast, free wireless internet, and overall more for the money, but not quite the class.My biggest gripe was the parking fees. Not only do they charge $45 per 24 hours for guests, they add a 14% tax on top of that ($6.50 per day) so three days cost me $153 and change to park my car. OUCH!I guess the pool was heated and they also had a jacuzzi that we did not use, but we looked at the gym which was small but good, and FREE to guests.	
Apr 2 2009 	Friendly Staff 	We spent a girl’s weekend here. I was not sure what to expect since there are so many mixed reviews. I booked through Priceline and got an exceptional rate. I can’t say enough about how friendly the staff is at this hotel. I called about a half an hour after booking to try and see if we could get a room with 2 queen beds. The young lady I spoke with in reservations was more than accommodating and had a super fun personality. Since it is my usual experience that most hotels won’t guarantee anything until you actually check in, I was surprised they would do this for us. Check –in was a breeze. Under 5 minutes. Even though the gal at the desk was on the phone and had another employee waiting to speak with her. It was multi-tasking at its finest. She saw that I had our paperwork in hand so she waived me over and started the process while finishing her phone call. Once she hung up she politely asked us for one minute while she finished her conversation with her fellow employee (she finished up with him in 30 seconds). My usual experience is that if the person at check-in is on the phone or otherwise occupied, they make you stand there FOREVER while they finish the task at hand. Once she turned her full attention to us, she was funny and engaging. They did not even charge us the extra person fee (there were 3 of us and we only booked for 2). We felt very welcome and that our business was appreciated. This hotel is a great location. It’s a short walking distance to the bus, cable cars, etc. Our room was just OK. It was a little worn but I attribute that to it being a smoking room. The beds were comfortable and the room was very clean. We didn’t order room service or any extras so I can’t comment on it. We ate Knuckles (the hotel restaurant) for dinner. They recently remodeled and changed their menu (used to be a sports bar). It was excellent. It's the best service I have ever experienced. Our waiter really went out of his way to make sure we enjoyed our meal. Again, he had a super fun personality and made us feel like our business was appreciated. At the end of our meal, the manager stopped by our table to inquire how we were enjoying our stay/meal and to thank us for staying with them. I used to travel for work. I have stayed in hotels all over the country and, all I can say is, WOW! That has never happened to me before.Check- Out was a breeze too. Under 5 minutes we were in a Taxi on our way to the airport. Every single employee we encountered during our short stay was friendly, polite and had a sunny disposition. I think you would be hard pressed to find a cranky person working there. It was well worth the money and I would definitely stay here again. There wasn't anything I disliked about my experience.	
Mar 19 2009 	Great Location - Great Staff - Clean!	We stayed at Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf for 3 nights just recently and found the hotel to be nicely located and with a great staff. We got a great deal through Priceline so we can't complain. We were given a 2 doubles bedroom near the elevator and facing the entry parking. The elevator actually didn't bother us but we can hear the people from the parking valet area in the morning. That didn't really bother us much either since we were out sightseeing most of the day. The only drawback for this place is the parking fee. Hyatt charges $45 a night (with in-out access). The closest parking lot charges $32 a night with no in-out access. On the night of arrival, we paid for the $32 a night parking since it was late but every night after that, we were able to find off-street parking for free. You just need to make sure you read the signs since some streets have street cleaning and no parking is allowed at certain times. You also will need to get up by 7 to take the car or else you will need to feed the meter. The room itself was great: roomy, clean and recently renovated. We didn't try the restaurant since there are too many options in San Fran. They do have a heated pool but we didn't have time to try that out since it drizzled while we were there. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and for the price we paid, we loved it.	
Mar 19 2009 	Fantastic location just a stones throw from the lovely Fishermans Wharf	We stayed at the Hyatt for 2 nights and found the location to be perfect. It was right down there on Fishermans Wharf. Check in was swift and courteous. The room was much as you would expect from a Chain hotel, with lovely complimentary toiletries in the bathroom. We had a huge very comfortable bed. Cable car stop is just around the corner too. Would definately stay there again if we get to go back to San Francisco. (They also have smoking rooms) which was a bonus for us smokers as most hotels we stopped in were totally non smoking.	
Feb 18 2009 	Great Location... Nice Hotel	This was a nice hotel, but it was lacking. Rooms were small. No bathrobes, as we were told there would be. No dresser... only 2 drawers and a small closet. Had to pay for internet service available through the hotel TV for $10/day. If you want WiFi through your laptop, you have to pay and have a T-Mobile Account. High fee for parking. We weren't able to use the pool or spa as it was raining during our stay, but the pool area was nice. The beds were very comfortable. This is an older hotel, that has had a recent makeover. The furnishings, carpet, decor is all nice, but the walls are thin and we could hear every footstep in the hall, above us, and on either side. Loud. I won't stay here again. It was just OK.	
Jan 25 2009 	Good location. Nice overnight stay.	We stayed here during a quick overnight trip to the city to see a show.Our room was missing towels (there was only one bath towel), extra toilet paper, and coffee cups for the in-room coffee maker, but they responded quickly when we called to request them. Beds were a little soft for me. We didn't order any extras, so I can't comment on that, and we avoided the steep parking rate by parking on a nearby street.Overall, a good stay -- great location, friendly staff, and the room was nice. We also got a great deal by bidding on PL.	
Jan 23 2009 	Fantastic Location - Nice Room - Worth the Price	Location is key for me (age 29) and my husband (age 36). This hotel is 2 blocks from the famous Fisherman's Wharf sign and all the activity and food you can stand. We were able to walk to Alioto's, the Alcatraz cruise, Golden Gate cruise, the start of an awesome Segway tour, Lombard Street, Pier 39, bike rentals, shopping, street car stops, trolley lines, and tons of fantastic street entertainment. The Hyatt offers all the amenitites including a medium-sized, outdoor pool and hot tub that you'll never use because you'll be off exploring the area. If price is an issue there was a holiday inn express across the street, but if you can swing it, the Hyatt's customer service was A+. Knuckles Bar (normally attached to hotel) was under construction when we were there, but they did put TVs in the breakfast area to watch the Steelers game. It wasn't the same, but again, they made the extra effort.	
Jan 19 2009	awesome location!	The hotel is beautiful and in a great location. Everything you need is walking distance. The parking is very expensive, but we made friends with the parking guy and he told us that if we drive one block to Jones, there is free parking on the street and if we are lucky and go at the right time we could gat a spot. It is pretty limited but we did get a spot 2 nites in a row. It was a very short walk.	
Jan 2 2009 	Good hotel but watch for hidden costs	This was our 2nd hotel on our Round the World tour. It is a modern hotel, looks quite smart and well situated near Fishermans Wharf in San Fran. Initially we were well pleased but once we settled in we became aware of one or two problems which people need to be aware of.Firstly the hotel claim to offer tea and coffee making facilities. True, they do offer it but you have to pay 10 dollars each time you use the facility as you can only use their coffee packets etc. Once made up you have to drink it or it becomes strong and horrid so it is an expensive mug of coffee. Also, the dining room is quite nice but dreadfully noisy particularly on match nights as it becomes packed with people watching the games. There is no other facility to eat other than room service. One would have thought a hotel this size could have offered a place to have a peaceful dinner.The internet service offered was the most expensive of all the hotels costing us almost 30 dollars a day. Ouch! The Holiday Inn across the road from us was advertising free internet access. If only we had known we could have saved a lot of money.We were given a room which had an adjoining door. Beware if they give you one. Our next door guests decided to put the T.V. on and make noisy phone calls at 4am. Sleep was impossible. When I complained the hotel staff offered us another room but as we only had one night left if didnt seem worth moving all our gear so we stayed put. Big mistake! There was a repeat performance.Finally, we checked out by using the hotel T.V. check out which promised to e mail the receipt. We couldn't open the receipt on our laptop and despite the fact that I e mailed and told the hotel this we never received a reply so to this day we don't know the full details of our account. Not good!	
Dec 9 2008 	Thanksgiving Getaway	The Hotel was a great pick. It is located in the heart of Fisherman's Whart area. Close to cable car and piers. Hotel has been recently renovated and it was extremely clean. The accommodations, conciege and service was excellent. We spent 5 days and 4 nights in this very comfortable hotel.We would highly recommend it.	
Dec 5 2008 	good location	Lovely boutique smaller hotel, rooms nice and comfy but quite small with 3 guests and luggage.Very close to fishermans wharf and all the shops and cafes along water front.5 min walk to cable car to business centre. Nice hotel, god price thru expedia in AUD.	
Dec 2 2008	Close to good stuff	Close to bus, train, wharf, bike rental etc….. I am one of the few that hates San Francisco; bums, stench, cold, crowded, who needs it, but if I have to stay (or in this case if someone else is paying) I will suffer through it for an Irish coffee at the Buena Vista, which is walking distance from this hotel.	
Dec 2 2008 	Good location and quality	The hotel is nicely located close to fishermans wharf and the pier 39. The room was very nice with flat screen tv and a good working-bench for my computer. Quite big room with two queen beds.It is just one block away from one of the old cable-cars and just 2-3 blocks from the F-line that goes around the boardwalk.You can use a jacuzzi, pool, fitness room and in each corridor there is a washing-machine and a dryer that you can use for like 1,5 dollar. Also there is a vending-machine with some snacks and sodas for around 1 dollar.	
Nov 29 2008 	Hotel is so so	Make sure bring extra cash for the add ons. Like parking, water bottles and the internet. However the coffee was great. Also there is a small work out room. I paid 152.00 plus tax and the parking was 45.00 plus tax. The taxes ranges between 6.00 - 8.00.	
Nov 7 2008 	Great Hotel Great Holiday	I always check Tripadvisor for help in choosing the right hotel, and you certainly didn't let me down with this one..!!Just come back from one of the best holidays in US. San Francisco is a lovely city with lots to do and see. This hotel is well situated for Fishermans Wharf, a couple of blocks away from all the attractions, Alcatraz ferry, cable cars etc, but on a fairly quiet road. Staff were brilliant and friendly. We got a Kingsize bed in a good size room with a nice shower! Shops are handy, and hotel had laundry facilities if needed. Another review recommended the Hollywood Cafe opposite and I would do the same - we ate breakfast there every morning and cannot fault the food or the service - although we didn't try the hotel restaurant (Knuckles) we heard/saw some poor reviews and the Hollywood served up great food.Cable cars are very close - the Hyde line goes from outside the Argonaut Hotel and gets very crowded.....go to the Mason line at the back of the Hyatt and there are no / little queues that we experienced.Only let down was the shuttle service recommended by Expedia (Supershuttle) - where the driver could not speak english and took two hours to find our hotel after nearly killing us on more than one occasion......other than that I would highly recommend SF and the Hyatt at Fishermans Wharf.Mark Young (London)	
Nov 5 2008 	Great Place for the Wharf	Probably the most comfortable bed i have slept in, despite jet lag we slept like logs, staff very friendly and accommodating, concierge service excellent, very close to Fisherman's wharf which wqas exactly waht we expected, touristy, quirky and a bit tacky, but so what you're on Holiday. Taking advice from others we breakfasted at the Hollywood cafe, it was a lot smaller than I anticipated but the service was excellent and the breakfast was the benchmark for all others on our trip, it was never bettered. On eof our party suffering with jet-lag turned up at 6-45 am and was told &quot;We don't open until 7-00 but come in and have a coffee while you wait&quot;!! The imtationtram tour bus just round the corner is recommended , knowledgable and entertaining guide anda good value trip.	
Oct 27 2008 	Good hotel but it's in Fisherman's Wharf	Unlike most of the hotels on North Point, the Hyatt retains some character from the original buildilngs. I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful, although I noticed one party leaving the walk-in restaurant after about five minutes and not being served. I was eating in there at the time and my experience was fine. Our room was a little larger than average and the outside wall was completely windowed (looking on to the pool area). The furnishings were modern and mostly shades of dark brown. Despite having a large flat screen TV, the picture quality was terrible. The hotel seems to have been recently refurbished, but the bathroom and light fixings looked as if they'd seen better days. The shower looked modern, with the water coming from a nozzle in the ceiling, but wasn't that fantastic in practice. The bed was huge, but the mattress could probably do with being replaced. On the plus side the room was quiet, clean and well furnished, the coffee machine was a boon and being by the pool area was very convenient. I guess it's par for the course to charge for everything in the room in that sort of area, including internet and bottled water, but there are guest laundry facilities (if you're so inclined). This was my first time to SF, and on reflection would not recommend Fisherman's Wharf to friends thinking of staying in the city - it's tacky, very touristy and disappointing. I intend to go back to the city and stay at the Embarcadero Hyatt on Market - a more interesting part of town and far easier to reach from SFO on the BART.	
Oct 24 2008 	Excellent but not 100% service	We stayed here in April 2008 Myself, Mum, Grandma and we all loved it. The location is a great place for exploring around the Wharf area and it's easy enough to get to the city centre. The room was tastefully decorated as was the bathroom and the tea, coffee, toiletries etc was all great quailty. It felt luxurious, something from a magazine and the staff were all lovely. So the problem? Someone had obviously wet the bed and it reaked where it had warmed up!! I felt disgusted that I'd slept in it (without realising untill I woke up) , even my PJs smelled; sooo gross. We spoke to head of housekeeping who apologised and said she'd adjust our bill. I know that this isn't the hotels fault but I don't understand how it wasn't noticed when preparing the room or if they did notice and hoped we wouldn't. Also the bill adjustment was half off the room price, considering that room was now unrentable, I had to get my stuff washed etc and we spent so much on parking and internet access with the hotel (not real luxuries IMO) that it didn't affect the overall bill that much I’d have liked better compensation. Just for how disgusting and inconvenient it was. Perhaps because we didn't push the complaint hard, we tried to be understanding but express that it wasn't good enough.I know this won't happen to many people but I deducted 1/5 for the fact that I wasn’t 100% happy that it was allowed to happen in the first place and that the compensation for it could have been better.Overall it's a freat location and hotel and I don't think they are used to any complaints! If you can get a deal don't even question it, go here, but if you do have an issue be firm.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great Location...amazing hotel!	The Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf was amazing. The beds are comfy, the rooms are clean and very quiet. We stayed for 5 days and didn't want to be eating out the entire time so we requested a refridgerator and went to safeway (just a couple blocks away) to buy some groceries to save on a few breakfast meals and snacks. During our stay we went to see Beach Blanket Babylon, it's a hilarious play and we'd recommend it to anyone. Overall, we had a great time in San Fran and loved our hotel.	
Oct 18 2008 	Lovely Hotel	We stayed at the Hyatt Fishermans Wharf in Sep/Oct 2008we found the hotel to be very nice in a fantastic location, the rooms were very clean with beds and pillows very soft just what you need after a day sightseeing. We ate once at the hotel restrurant but felt that we were ripped off a bit, the buffet was about $18 and the fruit was tinned not what we expected so didn't go back again. The staff are all very friendly and greet you every time that they see you. There is a gym and a swimming pool but can't comment on them as we never had chance to use them. We would recommend this hotel to anybody that is thinking of going to San Fransisco, and would go back to this hotel againif we were in the area	
Oct 18 2008 	Close to Perfect Hotel!	Cleanliness and Friendliness must be their mission and they excel in both. The location is great. Rooms are spacious, amenities are good, but more than that - every single person on staff greets you - smiles and makes you feel welcome, of course, we felt that throughout San Francisco. They appreciate and understand the value of tourism dollars. Didn't eat at the restaurant - too many choices close by and didn't want something ordinary. Love the fact that the fitness room is open 24 hours unlike most hotels who experience the 6am rush and then there is not enough machines for everyone. Wouldn't even think of trying another hotel after such a nice experience.	
Oct 8 2008 	Loved the Hyatt!	My husband and I travelled to California last May and our 2-night stay at the Hyatt was a highlight of our trip. The hotel is centrally located on the Fisherman`s Wharf and close to sights and restaurants. The hotel is very modern and both the rooms and the lobby were renovated recently boutique-style.Would certainly go back to that hotel.	
Oct 4 2008 	Excellent Contemporary Rooms in a Great Location for Visitors	This was our first visit to San Francisco. I looked at hotels in various locations in San Francisco. Fisherman's Wharf gets slammed as being a place that locals avoid. However, we were very glad that we chose Fisherman's Wharf as our base since it is so convenient to all types of transportation, is quiet at night and is less congested than other parts of San Francisco. The hotel is very clean and contemporary. Every Hyatt staff member that we encountered was pleasant and, if needed, helpful. The maid service was first-rate. I really liked the updated, contemporary furnishings in the rooms --- very clean with a large bathroom. We fell in love with their beds. The pillows and mattress are a piece of heaven after a long day. and the best of any hotel that I've stayed in, including The Ritz Carlton. Overall, we were not impressed with Knuckles, the Hyatt's sports bar &amp; restaurant. We ate there three times - twice for dinner and once for breakfast. The french fries were really great, but everything else was just okay or terrible. I'm a huge fan of Corn &amp; Crab Chowder, but I was underwhelmed with their take on the dish. The breakfast buffet doesn't have a large selection and is very overpriced. You're better off going to one of the cafes across the street.	
Oct 3 2008	Great Hotel	We had a wonderful stay at Hyatt. We stayed in King Room on the fifth floor above the swimming pool. The hotel was very clean, and nice. I would stay there again!! All the employees were all freindly and helpful! Walking distance to the pier, cable car and plenty of restaraunts! we ate at both restraunts across the street, we felt they were good and plentiful! Knuckles had an excellent buffett and food as well, but a little more pricey, however I would say is average with most restraunts.	
Sep 22 2008	Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf	Simply Perfect. My wife and I stayed 5 nights end August / start Sept. and had a great time. The service was top class throughout the hotel and the concierge knowledgeable and most helpful. The room we requested was exactly what we got, quiet and on the top floor. The bed was the most comfortable bed we have slept in, the room was a good size, and the bathroom was just fine. No bath, but we tend to shower anyway. Everywhere was spotlessly clean. We used the Sport bar on two occasions and found the food good but perhaps a little pricey, but no more so that any other hotel of this class. Only negative side was the cost to use the Internet. A service some hotel chains offer free.We took the advice from our fellow tripadvisors and avoided the Sport bar for breakfast, choosing to cross the street and eat at the Hollywood Cafe, best breakfast we had all holiday.	
Sep 17 2008 	Very Nice Room in Good Location	Spent one free night there using Hyatt points. Check-in and check-out were fast and easy with self-serve kiosk. Clean, modern room was quite large. A comfortable king-size bed, a couple chairs, and a desk with a rather small flat-screen tv were the furnishings. There were plenty of lights, and the temperature controls worked fine. We were near the elevators, but never heard any noise in our room. The bathroom was a bit weird--It had a very shallow sink with low-pressure faucet built more for decoration than utility. Also, there seemed to be enough space for a tub but there was only a large shower. The shower head was a small square in the ceiling that swivelled a bit so you could adjust the aim slightly if you were tall enough. At 5'11&quot; I could reach it, but my wife (5'3&quot;) could not. The hotel is in a great location a couple blocks from the wharf, and convenient to two cable car lines, a streetcar, and several buses. It was a typical Hyatt, so no cheap meals or free breakfast. It's a good place for business travelers or couples; no so much for families.	
Sep 9 2008 	Nice Hotel Great Location 	I would recommend the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf for anyone wanting to stay close to the Wharf area of San Francisco. It's centrally located to most activities. We needed parking for our rental car so we had the &quot;Wharf experience&quot; package that included parking and breakfast for two each day. You have your choice of odering off of the menu or the buffet. I would recommend the buffet. The breakfast was good, but I wouldn't have paid the menu price for it if it weren't in our package. Our rate was $225/night incl. parking and breakfast (parking is normally $39/day and breakfast buffet $18/person). Room was very clean and quiet. As mentioned by others, there wasn't a tub, but we are shower people anyway so it didn't matter.	
Sep 9 2008 	Great for what we wanted	I was there with two sons, 14 and 6. Our 2 essential criteria for our SF hotel were a pool and a great location. The Hyatt has both. After 3 days in SF, I asked my 6 yr old what he liked best about SF. His immediate response, &quot;the hot tub.&quot; Having a pool is really a huge plus for my kids, otherwise I would have booked a nice B&amp;B. Our other 'must' was excellent location for sightseeing, not shopping. Hyatt hits a home run there, too. Right near Fisherman's Wharf and lots of public transportation. The location was superb.The hotel was very nice in all regards, although there was not a free breakfast. Usually we ate at the Hollywood Cafe across the street - not cheap but large portions so you could share, and the food was excellent and fresh. The Hyatt concierge was pretty helpful. We could have booked excursions through the hotel before we got there, but I think it was better that we did it separately (also, before we arrived - that was very helpful). I don't think the hotel's recommendations were that great. Use TripAdvisor to find the best things to do and the best tour operators.We ate in the hotel's restaurant, Knuckles, one night. Nothing to write home about. There's a new Thai restaurant (something Moon? Pearl?) just a block closer to Fisherman's Wharf, decor was like a cafeteria but the food was very good and relatively a bargain. SF ain't cheap! Two nights we ate at an Italian restaurant two blocks to the right as you exit the hotel, on the same side of the street. It was quite good, not cheap but won't kill you.The Holiday Inn Express across the street looked a bit cheesy compared to the Hyatt, but it's actually rated a bit higher, sounds like it has free breakfast and I think it has a pool, too. If you don't care about staying in a fancy-looking hotel, I'd book whichever one gives you the better rate. All in all, a generic but professional hotel with key attributes of location and a pool - definitely a pleasant stay.	
Aug 27 2008 	A nice location for "playing tourist" Long Wknd	4nt stay Fri-Tue, booked thru travel agent and got a good rate. Smooth check-in, very nice welcome. Our room was on 2nd floor and overlooked an interior courtyard - so very quiet. The room was spacious and the beds were fantastic! Lots of pillows - high quality. The a/c was an older system and a bit loud coming on/off. Bathroom could use towel rails and fan and the new sinks really didn't have the best drainage. Loved the citrus-lavender toiletries. Also appreciated the single cup Starbucks coffee in-room. We didn't use the internet service. Reception people and porters were extremely pleasant and accommodating - always welcoming back from our day and asking if they could help us plan our morning. We consulted the concierge one evening and found this man a tad short and unaccommodating - not at all representative of the majority of staff. We ate at &quot;Knuckles&quot; one evening; average sports bar - nothing to write home about. The hotel was a great location for our wknd. It was far enough away from the main tourist route and smell of the wharf area. There is a great cafe across the street &quot;Hollywood Cafe&quot; for bkfst. Super Sightseeing is also on the corner - excellent. On the other side of the hotel, Cost Plus World Market, where one can buy cheap wine, cheese and take back to your room. We would stay here again for easy location, nice staff and wonderful beds!	
Aug 27 2008	Excellent Hotel in great location	This was the best hotel stay we've had in a while.The 2 dbl bed room was so quiet, clean and comfortable. It faced the courtyard so you couldn't hear any street traffic.The only negative was that it was down a very long hallway but it really didn't matter much.We were also on the same floor as the pool which we made use of on the day that it was warm enough.It was heated as well. I also did some laundry in the laundry room on the floor while we were swimming. Bring some quarters and powder detergent w/ you.The housekeeping was consistently excellent and even anticipated things like I noticed the tissue box was running low and I didn't even mention it and they brought a backup just in case we ran out. We never came home to a room that hadn't been cleaned yet.Tips: Walgreen's is nearby in case you forgot anything.If you rent a car from Avis 1.5 blocks away - they let you park in the garage for free so you don't have to pay the $40/ day at hotel.But San Francisco has great public transportation so just buy the multi day pass at airport and utilize it.Denny's is 1 block away for breakfast - the Hollywood cafe was just so-so and they charge 3.50 for an orange juice. Do try the Aquarium of the Bay at Pier 39 for a short tour - it's worth the entry fee.If it's raining the Exploratorium is wonderful for kids.	
Aug 13 2008 	Nice Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for three days after spending the previous three days at the Tuscan Inn(also reviewed). This hotel has nice big rooms,large bathrooms and modern amenities.The front desk staff were very nice upon checkin and allowed us our room at 11:00am after checking out of the Tuscan Inn.The cleaning staff did a great job and were always friendly. Knuckle's sports Bar has a nice atmosphere but the food is overpriced with small portions.The Hotel is two blocks from the waterfront,the cable cars are one block behind and the #10 bus to AT&amp;T ballpark is one block down right beside the Tuscan Inn.The Hyatt is the next block down from the Best Western Tuscan Inn with the Hilton and Marriot just down the street and the Holiday Inn Express right across the street,so lots of hotel options in the area. The Hyatt room rates are a little more than some of the other hotels mentioned but I think it was worth the price as this was a very clean comfortable hotel.	
Aug 10 2008 	Very nice stay.	We stayed four nights recently at the Fisherman's wharf Hyatt. Very nice room with large bathroom. Seemed quite clean. Pool wasn't large and was a bit crowded, but nice. Very good exercise/fitness facility. Great location. Several small breakfast places right across the street and within walking distance to cable car stop and street car/bus lines. Hotel staff very helpful with directions and help with public transportation. Would stay again.	
Aug 8 2008 	nice....	room was very nice but the internet was $10 a day then it didnt work??? they didnt charge us for it 'geez...thanks?...&quot; but then I had to use the &quot;business center&quot; in the lobby and they charge $6.95 for 15 minutes?? parking was a joke at $39 a night!! No mini bar just had 2 bottles of water that were $5 each?? first time I have ever had to pay for water!	
Aug 5 2008 	great hotel strange shower great location	modern hotel with weird bathroom sink. we had no bathtub, only a shower which i thought was extremely strange. also the shower has no door - weird. the showerhead rains on you. because there is no door on the shower, you never get warm while you are taking a shower. if you have little kids, ask for a room with a tub. not sure if they have any. the location is a plus. two blocks from fisherman's wharf and right next to the area where the cable cars are. right across the street was a holiday inn express also. knockers restaurant good food, but hollywood cafe for lunch and breakfast is right across the street and more reasonable. august in san francisco is cold, cold, cold. you will need a jacket (warm), gloves, scarf, etc. don't show up with flip flops, tank tops and shorts because you will freeze your begeezers off! we left a very warm l.a. but made sure we took our coats out of our suitcases before we left the airport. once out of our taxi we were FREEZING!!! a lot of stores sold warm jackets for $19.99 that say &quot;san francisco&quot; on them. we saw a LOT of people in these jackets. luckily we've been to san fran many times and pack accordingly. (we're from southern california). we thought our room had a lot of street noise - after all, you're in the city. we turned on the fan on the air conditioner. the noise from that enabled us to sleep soundly. comfortable bed. we did the duck tour which was fun. make sure you get to pier 39. go to the end of it to see the hundreds of sea lions - absolutely adorable and it's completely free. had a great time and will return as usual.	
Aug 5 2008 	Loved San Fran.	Booked room nine months before stay with an agent. Requested a two queen bed room and a rollaway bed for two parents and two teenage daughters. At check in, was given a king bed room, for four people!!!, because our agent didn't specify two queen beds, although the booking specified four people!! They said they were fully booked and this was the only room available.Apparently though, this worked to our advantage because the hotel has a two bed to a room policy. This meant that if we had a two queen bed room, we could not have had a rollaway bed, but a king bed room comes with a sleeper/ couch which isn't classified as a bed so we got a rollaway bed as well. We stayed in seven hotels in total during our vacation in California but this was by far the most comfortable.BUT..... the room we were given was a disabled room which meant that we didn't have a bath tub, but a walk-in shower room. The problem was that the shower head was set at a height of about 5' 5'' and my husband is 5' 11'' . Also the shower has an area of about 2' x 4' of a tiled floor sloping towards the drain separated from the rest of the bathroom by a curtain. The rest of the room slopes away fom the shower area, therefore any water which escapes the shower area floods the bathroom!!!!!! This happened every time we used the shower no matter how careful we were.The room had a view of part of the hotel roof and other rooms, but we weren't in there much so not a big deal.We can highly recommend the Hollywood Cafe opposite the Hotel entrance for breakfast.	
Aug 4 2008 	Perfect location for a tourist	I just returned from a week long stay at the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf. First and foremost, it's a great location, but a bit on the steep side for the amenities. I chose not to spend the $10 a day usage for the internet. On the upside, it's literally two block sfrom the Wharf and a short walk from Ghiradelli Square to Pier 39, the main &quot;shopping/tourist&quot; spots. The cable car stop is behind the hotel. I was traveling with my elderly mother and my two sons and sharing a room was not an issue in terms of space. The rooms were comfortable, bedding was fluffy, but if you're looking for a firm bed, that's not what you will get. Surprisingly, there is no mini bar (or fridge) in the room, and there is no fan in the bathroom either The rate we got via AAA was better than the internet rates, plus AAA rate got us free buffet full breakfast each morning (eggs, fresh fruit, bacon/sausage, banana bread, etc), which is a huge savings. We chose the hotel for their outdoor hotel, but who knew that SF weather in late July would be so cool (it's like Maine weather so a bit cool for the pool when we stayed here). Downside is they only have one concierge on duty at a time, so the wait to get any information about tours or maps can take forever, and if the younger of the two is on duty, i wouldn't even bother asking him restaurant recommendations or suggested tours or routes. He wasn't very helpful and didn't seem to enjoy his role as concierge. The older gentleman was wonderful and extremely helpful and informative. The Radisson and Holiday Inn were close by as well, and are less expensive, if you don't want to spend the $270 a night at the Hyatt.TIP: Best place for dim sum is New Asia on Pacific Street in Chinatown, it's authentic and delicious. All the local Chinese eat there..(Yang Sink is the one the concierge and everyone seemed to recommend, but it's in a corporate office building, and it's really tailored to non-chinese tourists, and although a nicer setter and delcious food, is very expensive for dim sum). We had the same dishes at New Asia for less than half the price of Yang Sink...and it was better!	
Aug 4 2008 	Average hotel	We stayed at the Hyatt Fisherman's Warf during our San Francisco sightseeing trip. The location of the hotel was perfect, just around the corner of the warf. The hotel had an outstanding service when we arrived with our car and the check-in went more than smoothly. We needed some help with the booking for our Alcatraz tickets and we asked the concierge for some help. He took immediately care of it. Don't use the concierge service for dinner suggestions because they have really no idea! The rooms have a nice bathroom and they are clean! The size was perfect. We also visit there StayFit Fitness Center. It was a poor room without any daylight and a low ceiling. Breakfast buffet was simple but with a good quality. On our 3rd day 2 busses with teenagers arrived in the hotel. We couldn't believe that this was possible in such a hotel. On our last night they started (it was past midnight) to scream from window to window and running from room to room. I have called the reception and they received already a lot of complains. During check-out they apologized again and they deduct 1 night from the bill. Overall a nice hotel but we expect more for US$ 249.- ex taxes per night.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great Location Nice Stay	Stayed here a Thrs - Mon late April - 2 adults and 8 month old baby in oversized guest room. Booked on Expedia and cost approx $AUS260 a night.Positives: Location was great, easy walk to Fishermans Wharf and to cable car. Room was little larger than normal hotel room so had baby in crib off to one corner of room. Price was ok for location and standard of hotel. Service was really good at check in, very friendly staff. Small fridge in room. Big Comfy Bed. Very Clean. Negatives: Internet very pricy to use. No bath - only shower. So had to shower the baby! View wasn't much - just of other rooms! Parking was really expensive so thankfully we had no car!We got them to get us a car to airport and that was arranged easily.Overall very happy with stay, would recommend it if good deal.	
Jul 28 2008 	Very nice.	Very nice hotel. Friendly. Clean. Very close to many tourist attractions. We could walk to most places we wanted to see.Breakfast buffet at Knuckles restaraunt was very good. Would stay here again.	
Jul 28 2008 	busy busy	Stayed at the Hyatt for two nights in July, got a great deal directly with the Hotel with parking and breakfast inclusive.We arrived slightly early but were handled really well by the door/parking/bell boy staff and by reception, although we stood in line to check in and our room wasn't ready we did not have long to wait and we were given discount vouchers for drinks and food at the sports bar, a nice touch we thought.The room was fine, spacious and spotless, the only complaint we had was we felt the sports bar let down the Hotel, we thought it was dirty/gruby, stained seats and carpets and a little basic which is not in keeping with the rest of the Hotel, I have to say though that at peak breakfast time it was extremely busy, the staff coped very well and waiting time was minimal, food was only ok.The pool and gym we felt were very token features, quite small and compact.Finally I would advise anyone taking a car to book the parking inclusive rate as parking is a major issue in the city and the hotel parking staff were very good.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great stay at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf	Our family of 3 spent 3 evenings at the Hyatt while visiting San Francisco for pleasure, during mid-July. We stayed in a 1 BR suite, which offered a separate bedroom and generously sized living room featuring a large plasma TV and pull-out couch. The hotel is decorated in minimalist, contemporary style (so be sure that this is to your liking), but is still comfortable. The housekeeping services were thorough and the room was always in tip-top condition after it was serviced mid-day. The location allows a quick 5 minute walk to the Fisherman's Wharf area, and about 10 mins to Pier 39. The historic Trolley is immediately behind the hotel, offering quick access to Nob Hill, Chinatown and other areas of the city. Our only complaints would be that the elevators are frequently crowded, causing long waits to go only 2-3 floors. Stairs are not accessible but would alleviate some of the waiting guests in the lobby area. As well, street noice is a problem if your room is at the front of the hotel. We got used to the noise from buses, motorcycles, etc after a while (which seemed to calm down after 10pm or so), but if you are sensitive to noise then make sure that you request a room at the back of the hotel or facing the interior courtyard pool.	
Jul 26 2008 	Overpriced Overated Just OK	I travelled with my Wife and 6 month old daughter. We booked a King Room trhough Priceline and thougt we got an amazing deal. We arrived at the Hotel at around 11PM pm on a Thursday night. The check in took longer than ususal even though there was no one in front of me. The staff showed no sense of urgency even thought my baby was crying after a 12 hour journey to San Fran. When we finally did get the room, after an extremely long walk throught the crazy long hallway, we were impressed with the moderness of it. However, after inspecting it further, we hated it. The window was facing the bright lights of a 24 hour gas station and did not even have black out blinds to keep the light from coming in. Secondly, there was no bathtub and the sink was shallow - no bath for the baby? The shower did not have a covering so the water would splash out to the floor. Also, there was no shower head as the water come out from the ceiling right above your head - straight down. Since it was late, we decided to deal with it in the morning. MY wife went down the next morning. We were told that all King Room were the same - only shower. Our only choice was getting a double bed room since all the Suites were spoken for. After debating this over with the wife, we reluctantly agreed. The guy did give us breakfast vouchers for our entire stay but the breakfast sucked!!! We ate their twice in spririt of saving money. The place across the street, Hollywood Cafe had an excellent breakfast.The double room ended up being better for the family situation and we were pretty comfortable for the rest of the trip. Staff was firendly - great location if you like the wharf stuff which we hated. What's the big deal with San Fran anyways. The shopping was good but we found the food not so good. I don't know what the fuss is all aboat but I'll never go their at my expense again.Been there, Done that, will hopefully never do that again. I definately didn't leave my heart in San Fran.	
Jul 20 2008 	Outstanding service!	Excellent location. Staff was wonderful--allowed me to leave my rental car there after I checked out so I wouldn't have to find parking elsewhere. When I checked in, the room they were going to give me had two beds--I asked for one with just a king bed. No problem. Location is great. Area seems safe for a big city. Hotel bar had good food, late. Very quiet. Room overlooked 3rd floor pool, but never heard any noise from there. The drapes completely blocked out any light, allowing me to sleep in. Reasonable price for a Hyatt in a big city with a good location.	
Jul 16 2008 	Very nice hotel in a superb location	We stayed 6 nights in this hotel and found it to be a perfect place. The staff were friendly and very helpful (concierge gave us great directions, suggestions for things to do/see, and assisted us with a car rental). Because we were staying for a while, we were given a complementary bar fridge which was great to keep drinks and snacks fresh &amp; cold (there's a supermarket just a short walk away), so this was a great cost savings &amp; totally convenient for those late-night cravings. Moreover, because we reserved on the hotel site using our AAA membership, we were given a great rate, as well we were given complementary buffet breakfast for two every morning were were there (approx. value $18/day X 2 = $36/day) . Totally recommend this hotel to travellers wishing to be in the heart of the Fisherman's Wharf area!	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Hotel fab location	We stayed here for 5 nights in June, everything about the hotel is great, the location, staff and rooms etc. We had no problems with anything!!All I can say is please stay here and enjoy!!We booked via Expedia and got a good discount - the rates were much cheaper than booking with the hotel direct.	
Jul 8 2008 	Loved the Hyatt!	Had a wonderful experience at the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel was conveniently located and within walking distance to many things. The rooms were very modern and very clean. The beds were awesome, great quality sheets and lots of fluffy pillows. Pool and hot tub area were great for the teens we were traveling with. Hotel staff was helpful. The hotel restaurant was a little pricey, but very good. We had a free breakfast plan and the buffet was great. Our server &quot;Digna&quot; was the BEST! I would definitely stay at this hotel again!!	
Jul 5 2008 	loved the hyatt	I stayed at the Hyatt Fishermans Wharf for four nights. It was an excellent hotel.The pool was on the third floor which was nice and private.Our room was fantastic and there was a really nice restaurant at the entrance.I will certainly be coming back.	
Jun 13 2008 	Good hotel - if you're persisent	Arrived Thursday evening 29th May at about 4pm on a flight from Europe, so we were very jet lagged and quite tired - we requested a quiet room away from the hussle and bustle of the other guests and were told that would be no problem but the had no king sized beds available. We said ok but as we'd be staying several nights could we change the following day - we were told sure no problem.Got to the the room - it was next to elevator on the secound floor!! Immediatly I called down and got us another room on top floor in a quieter part of the building - why couldnt smiling Steve at the desk do that first instead of lying to us that it was a quiet room?!Next day we reuested a king size room and got one on a quieter level - all in all a good hotel IF you get over the staffs sparkling smiles and BS at checkin.Sports bar was better that expected and food was very good. Valet parking very expensive at $40 per night.A good spot for tourists that want to be close to Fishermans Wharf and is right beside the start for the tramline into the citys main shopping areas.Nice clean rooms and what has to be one of the BESTgym systems in a hotel I've used.One more thing, the queen sized beds are a joke - Im 6'3&quot; and not exactly small but even my wife at 5'6 struggled to get a decent nights sleep!	
May 28 2008 	Great Location !	This is a very clean modern Hotel. Walking distance to Fisherman's wharf and cable cars. The rooms are very nice, great shower &amp; beds. I would have to say the only thing that stinks is the $39 car park fee per day. Oh well that's a big city !	
May 28 2008 	Less art more function	I just got back from a two day stay at the Fisherman's Wharf Hyatt and while the hotel is in a great location and the staff was extreamly friendly there were issues with the rooms, mostly the bathroom. Here's a idea, bathrooms are a tool for your stay they need to provide a function and when it's over designed for visual appeal it looses the function. A two inch deep sink does one thing... it splashes water, most of it on you. As for the shower it has a recessed shower head in the ceiling, I am 5 10&quot; and can adjust it my friend is 5 5&quot; and she had to get on her tip toes ,someone who is 5 3&quot; or shorter better bring there tooth brush into the shower and poke at it if they want to adjust it. It is also in front of the of the shower handles and the shower door does not slide. This means you have to turn the water on standing under it for a nice blast of cold water until you can dive out of the way or until it's warm enough to get back under. Some other things might help this hotel get the 4 or 5 rating the would like and that is don't let the city or whoever position a giant dumpster in front of your hotel. Not only is it a eye sore it's very loud when items are thrown into it. There are a lot of places on that street that are not occupied 24/7 and how about a mini bar?? I know when I booked the room it didn't have one and it didn't bother me from my computor... It did bother me when I wanted a drink when I got to my room.Overall the rooms were very clean, the staff very nice and the location is great, some small changes and the hotel would be great also. Until then it's just a little above average.	
May 28 2008 	Good Hotel Nice Location	Our family of four stayed at this hotel over Memorial Day weekend. Overall we enjoyed our visit. The hotel was well located - very close to the cable car line and within a few blocks of Fisherman’s Wharf. Be bought 3 day Muni passes which gave us unlimited use of the cable cars, street cars, and city buses. For $18 each, we thought that was a bargain.The rooms were large enough, clean, and appeared to be newly remodeled. The kids loved the big screen TV and I-Home. However, they were disappointed that they did not have a DVD player in the room (or even any to loan out for use). After a long day of touring San Francisco, it would have been nice to relax with a movie that everyone could see (we brought some movies but had to watch them on the laptop). The beds were nice and comfortable. Even though there were big parties going on at the hotel, our room was quiet. We also were able to use the pool and hot tub one day, which is a treat for an urban location.The service at the hotel was friendly. The concierge was helpful with directions, but not so useful when it came to things like restaurant recommendations. When we asked her for breakfast options, she really pushed the hotel restaurant. However, after walking around, we found plenty of choices nearby.We crammed as much as touring as possible into our long weekend – the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, Chinatown, Hait Street, Lombard, the farmer’s market at the Ferry Building, Nob Hill, Union Square, and of course Fisherman’s Wharf. Here is a list of some of the family friendly restaurants we enjoyed….Hollywood Café – across from hotel – very good, reasonable breakfast but cash onlyPat’s Café – behind the hotel – delicious breakfastMcCormick &amp; Kuletos in Ghirardelli square – excellent happy hour with full entreesFour Seas – Chinatown – Dim SumCalzones – Little Italy – yummy calzones &amp; MojitosFrytes – French fries with all sorts of dipping sauces make a great snackBurgermeister – one of the better cheese steaks we’ve hadGhirardelli soda fountain for ice cream, of course….As with other Hyatt properties, the biggest complaint is the absence of the little things, such as coffee in the lobby and free internet. With a few extras that probably don’t cost much, Hyatt could turn a good stay into an excellent one.	
May 16 2008 	Excellent location !! Loved it	My Daughter and I stayed here on a recent trip and it was exceptional. Friendly staff, bartenders (Thanks Clayton), and clean, clean rooms.The hotel is centrally located and within walking distance to most attractions. The public transportation is easy and near by.For breakfast, check out the Hollywood Cafe across the street. Excellent service. We ate there everyday.You can't go wrong with this hotel.	
May 13 2008 	Wonderful Experience	I recently returned from a stay at the Hyatt in Fisherman's Wharf. I work in the Hotel/Resort industry and have a very particular eye when staying at other hotels, and the Hyatt was wonderful! The staff were helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable. The Concierge booked our trip to Alcatraz very quickly, with no hassle at all. Our bartender, Clayton, fixed us the most delicious (and strong) Mai Tai's all night one night during our stay. He also told us about a wonderful restaurant called Sardini's on Columbus Ave. It was the best Italian food I've had in years! The rooms were modern and decorated very nicely. Loved the bedding, and the shampoo/conditioner/soap in the room (Lavender citrus). My one and only complaint is that the hot tub closes at 9pm. We got home from dinner and wanted to take a dip because San Fran can get very chilly, but it was already closed. The courtyard where the hot tub is located is surrounded by hotel rooms so they probably can't keep it open late because they don't want to disturb these guests, understandably. We had a wonderful Mother/Daughter vacation at the Hyatt, and please tell Clayton we said THANKS for the Mai Tai's and for telling us about Sardini's!	
May 12 2008 	Romantic Weekend	I can't say enough good about this hotel. The location was perfect you could walk to so many attractions, restaurants, bars, shops, etc... The staff was amazing! The room was spectacular (King Suite). I loved this place!!The bed was extremely comfortable as was the rest of the room. And all the windows - it was so beautiful!I would recommend it to any and everyone!!	
May 8 2008	Good value great location and brill rooms	We booked a great rate of £209 per night for a Deluxe Room, including breakfast for 2 and valet parking. Check in was fast and efficient, although we were given the wrong room type initially. I suspect the rate we booked might have been a mistake as it soon disappeared online, and that the hotel were trying to get away with giving us a standard room because of this. Anyway, this was no problem and we were swiftly moved to a Deluxe (Corner) room.The room is lovely and large, with huge windows on two sides overlooking Coit Tower in one direction and towards Nob Hill in the other. The room was decorated in soothing grey/blues and neutral tones, and was truly a relaxing and pleasant place to be and wake up every morning. The bed was large and comfortable and the room was equipped with a soft seating area in one corner, a table with four chairs and a huge desk area - nothing had been overlooked. The entrance lobby was large enough to accommodate an extra bed for our 4 year old which worked great as it felt like she had an area separate to ours. The table and chairs was a fantastic bonus, as we were able to comfortably enjoy take-outs when getting over jetlag and not feeling like eating out. The bathrrom was large with a floor to ceiling window (which let in lots of light but it was rather disconcerting to sit on the loo overlooking the buildings opposite!!). Unfortunately our room did not have a bath, just a large walk in shower. We did not notice this until after the bell boy had left us, and did not have the heart to complain again, due in no small part to the room being so fantastic in every other way. The breakfast included was good with plenty of choice of cereal and dried fruits, yoghurts, toast, muffins etc and a small selection of cooked items. We had to pay extra for our small daughter but this amounted to probably $12 a day including tip, so we didn't mind too much as we were getting a good deal overall. We didn't eat in the restaurant/sports bar, but it looked busy and buzzing when we passed. The pool area is nice, although in April the heated pool was not heated enough to compensate for the rather chilly air, but no matter.Overall this was one of my favourite hotels during our trip to the US. We were once loyal Fairmont guests, but decide to forego the opportunity to stay there on this trip to San Francisco. At no point during our stay did I ever regret this. The Hyatt is well placed for touristy things that kids like at the Wharf and is convenient for transport links elsewhere. I would definitely return here.	
May 6 2008	Fantastic!	We stayed here for 3 nights at the start of our holiday. Very impressed with the service from start to finish. Staff were all very friendly and incredibly helpful. We had an executive king room. The room was beautiful, very luxurious and huge! Bathroom was gorgeous, although I could have done with a door or some way to completely close in the shower because it got a bit chilly! That said I couldn't fault anything, there was everything we could need and more. I was very impressed to find laundry facilities for guest use, which may not be useful to everyone, but for people like us travelling to a few different places and travelling light it was helpful to say the least. On our last day we hired a car for the next leg of our trip and needed to go back to the hotel with the car to collect our belongings. The valet let us leave the car at the front entrance, free of charge, until we had brought the stuff down. This was great, and to me showed me what I was paying the extra money for. Location was fab, we were within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf, both Cable Car turnarounds, Lombard St and a short ride to downtown. All in all, FAB FAB FAB! I would definitely recommend it. My only other gripe would be breakfast. It wasn't included in our rate, but there were plenty of places to eat near the hotel so it wasn't too big an issue!	
Apr 29 2008 	Great hotel in great location!	Me and my boyfriend literally just got back from our trip to SF and we stayed at the Hyatt. We booked through Hotwire and lucked out, got a great price and the hotel was amazing. Modern decor, very clean, the bed was so comfortable. I would definitely recommend this hotel and stay there again. 2 blocks from Fishermans wharf and not too far from everything else.	
Apr 20 2008 	Lovely hotel in a great location	We stayed in the Hyatt for 3 nights at the start of a 2 wk tour of California. We arrived in the afternoon after a very long flight and were pleasantly surprised at the hotel.It looks like it has recently been renovated so both rooms were fresh and clean. The bathroom was huge with lots of space for moving around. We always found the staff to be extremely friendly and they were always willing to help with any of our questions.We ate in Knuckles for breakfast twice and had dinner there once it was expensive but really convenient, particularly for breakfast in the morning.The hotel was in a great location and I'm glad that we picked Fishermans Wharf as we did consider Union Square. I found the Union Square area pretty grotty and there were lots of homeless people bothering the tourists for money/food. In Fishermans Wharf we were able to walk around freely without being hassled once and this included at night. Fishermans Wharf is a lovely area to stay in and I would definitely recommend the Hyatt.	
Apr 18 2008 	Avoid The Sports Bar !	We stayed in an oversized corner room which was great. Lots of space, nice large bathroom, comfortable. Only downside to room was the noise of the raod and a little cold wind through the windows.The hotel was clean and the lobby was nice, reception staff all helpful.The downside: the conceirge was less than helpful when we tried ot arrange a ball game -she tried to get us tickets via an agent and gave us misleading information about the game being booked out and only realy expensive tickets available through an agent. Luckily we ignored her advise and went to the game to buy tickets at the gate for a 1/4 of the cost she qouted..hmmm makes you wonder.The knucles bar was dire..breakfast was ok, although service not that great. In the evening it was like something out of one flew over the cuckoos nest.. young under age looking locals, a huge mess everywhere of monkey nut shells and empties..no where comfy to sit for a relaxing drink and chat..not what you would expect from a 4 * hotel, in fact this really let the whole place down- if you are from the uk..think travel inn with pub attached ! Shame as the rooms were nice, gym was good and pool was great !	
Apr 15 2008	Great Hotel but thin walls	Stayed at HFW for a conference late last month. Overall this is a great hotel and I highly recommend it. The property was immaculate, well designed and very well maintained and service was excellent. Every staff member I encountered was very friendly. The close proximity of the hotel to the Fisherman's Wharf also makes the hotel's location very appealing (but, in fairness, there are lots of other hotels in that area also). My only crticism of the hotel is that the walls between guest rooms are very thin. I could clearly hear the conversation of the two women in the room adjacent to mine. Next to cleanliness and scent (i.e. no smoke odors, which unfortunately I often encounter even in non-smoking rooms) my second biggest peeve are paper thin walls; which unfortunately this hotel has. Otherwise though, a very nice hotel.	
Apr 9 2008 	Perfect for disabled ppl	Located only about 5 minutes from fisherman's wharf (sealions) and another 5-10 minutes from the cable car that takes you into the heart of the city.the hotel itself seems a bit old (ventilation was very noisy in the room and not built-in) but the staff is very helpful and the rooms are great. we were 3 ppl (me, my dad and my sister who's in a wheelchair) and they gave us a room with a king-size bed and an extra bed for the third person to stay on. when it comes to the bathroom, i have to say that it was just perfect! really spacy so the wheelchair could move around without problems and the shower perfectly adapted to ppl who have to sit while showering.only disadvantage: in the back of the hotel, there's a carpet floor which makes it hard for the person in the wheelchair to move without assistance.the service was great, the staff was superfriendly and helpful and when i'm going there this september, i'm staying at this hotel again. already booked the room...	
Apr 6 2008 	Good hotel 	We stayed here for 5 nights, we are a family with two young children and asked for a room with two large beds which we got, the room was very nice, the breakfast was ok but very expensive so each day we ate breakfast at Holywood cafe straight across the road which was the best breakfast we have ever had anywhere and at half the price of the hotel, its very popular so expect to wait for a table as its only small but its worth the wait!The hotel is well run, clean and in an great location to walk to all atractions, even with a 4 &amp; 6 year old, the cable cars are a must, pier 39 good and entertaining, avoid China town which is run down and we could not find a good restaurant, sure there are some but after 1 hour walking we just went into the biggest which was less then average and we had to wait 30 mins for a table.If you get chance go to the Jelly belly factory tour about 45 mins drive away, its free and you also get free samples!Take a boat ride across the bay, we ate at a restaurant called yankee pier 1 night which was very nice.All in all a very nice stay &amp; would stay again at this hotelAAA ++++	
Mar 19 2008 	Great Place to Stay!	Stayed here for one night last week...it's a great hotel in a great location. Only two blocks from fisherman's wharf...easy walking distance to major piers, ghiradelli Square, and the cable car stop is directly behind the hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful, rooms were very nice...recently renovated with flat screen tv, great bed, luxurious bathroom and jacuzzi tub in our room. Booked a package price on Hyatt.com web site that included one night parking ($39) and breakfast buffet for two in attached sports bar that was wonderful ($35).... Had great clam chowder on fisherman's wharf....the best happy hour deal ever at McCormick and Kobeto's about six blocks away from 3-6pm M-F. Had 3 appetizers and two drinks for less than twenty bucks and the food was great!  We'll be staying at this hotel again!	
Mar 16 2008 	Don't stay here if you don't light compact fluorescent lights!	I arrived late that evening and was upgraded to the presidential suite because there were no other rooms. I was particularly excited because the hotel had recently been renovated and the lobby was gorgeous. It was a very nice blend of traditional and contemporary decor in light cream/beige tones. The presidential suite had also been renovated, but was done so in very dark, masculine colors (burgundy, black, and greys). It was definitely a guy's hangout, not a place that most women would want to be. To be fair, it was well appointed, with a sitting area, powder room, a lounge area (all ready for a poker game) with a very large screen TV, separate bedroom with another Samsung flatscreen, a dressing area, and bathroom with whirlpool. The hair products were excellent. Room service breakfast came quickly and was very good, although the allegedly &quot;fresh-squeezed&quot; juice was not. Excellent service all around. My chief complaint? Every light had compact fluorescent bulbs in them. I know they are environmentally friendly, but the light they give off is absolutely depressing, particularly with a cold and stark modern decor. It just did not make for a very warm, pleasant environment. . I may start bringing my own lighbulbs (just a few) on trips from now on. . . .	
Mar 13 2008	Newly Renovated and Well Run	We were there for a conference. It appeared newly renovated. Everything was in excellent condition. Our room was large, nicely decorated, and in tip top shape. Almost everyone was very nice and non-pushy. The valets outside were helpful with directions and information. Check-in was pleasant. Our only minor objection was a concierge who was not helpful and acted as if she was getting paid to push a particular restaurant. We didn't eat at their restaurants so we can't comment on that. In summary, we would stay again.	
Mar 13 2008	Loved the Hyatt at the Wharf	We loved this hotel. Staff was extremely pleasant and accomodating. The restaurant/bar was exceptional. The location was great. My only objection is the price of parking. I felt $40 per day plus tax is gouging but maybe that's just the way it is in San Francisco downtown.	
Mar 2 2008 	Just OK for us	this is a nice big hotel (very Hyatt) in a good location very close to Fisherman's wharf. Buffet breakfast was good and staff was helpful (although they now have these automatic self check inn/out kiosks and you barely speak to anybody). Still there are plenty of cheaper hotel around that offer a great service as well, so, if you're not planning to stay at your room for too long i wouldn't recommend this hotel, in my opinion its pretty overpriced and they charge extra for everything (internet, water, etc.). Smaller and cheaper hotel give the same for free and cost a third of Hyatt's price, its not about being cheap, cause i do think that service and comfort must be paid for, it just that i don't feel this hotel is so much better than the other ones to justify its price.	
Feb 25 2008	Nice Stay	We recently spent 6 nights at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf. As several reviewers have pointed out, the hotel has undergone a renovation. We found the rooms to be clean, decent in size, and the beds very comfortable. We requested a refrigerator and a rollaway which they were happy to supply at no cost. A wireless connection is $9.98 per day. The staff was very friendly. A nice bonus was the washer/dryer on the floor. The Hyatt has a nice sports bar called Knuckles which has a pool table and shuffle board. The menu has burgers, sandwiches, salads, as well as some nicer main course entrees. The prices are not cheap, but on par with a typical hotel restaurant.There are several hotels in the Wharf area from nearly every low to mid-tier chain. If you want to stay close to the Pier and Alcatraz (especially with young children) and get decent value, this area is for you and the Hyatt will acheive your objective. If you want to get a real feel for San Francisco, I'd probably stay in the Union Square area or maybe Nob Hill.	
Feb 9 2008 	Enjoyed the stay	The second time we have stayed here this time of year. The lobby has been remodeled this past year. The location is great with the wharf a couple blocks away. The rooms are clean and nicely appointed. If your looking for lodging in this neighborhood, consider this location.	
Feb 7 2008 	Nice Hotel	I recently stayed at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel has recently been renovated and the room are very nice. Blues and browns with modern wood furniture. The bed was comfortable. The lobby was nice, but unimpressive. The hotel also has an outdoor pool and hot tub, but I did not get to use the facilities as it was too cold.The hotel's location is in the center of Fisherman's Wharf and convenient to the cable cars and other transportation to the business district of San Francisco. There is a supermarket and a drug store a block away from the hotel.The staff at the hotel was very nice. The front desk staff was very pleasant and welcoming. The bellmen were helpful, arranging transportation for me to a business meeting outside of the city. The hotel has a sports bar/restaurant - Knuckles. It is said to be a historical location. The food was good (although not great_ and the service was very good. Generally, its burgers, sandwiches, and the like, although there are some higher-end offerings.All in all, if you are looking for a nice hotel in the Wharf area of San Francisco, I would recommend this hotel. It is much nicer than other hotels that I have stayed at in the Wharf area. The only caveat I will mention is that the Wharf is very touristy and reminds me of being at the Jersey Shore (which I quite enjoy also). If you are looking for a more upscale area, stay in Nob Hill.	
Jan 7 2008 	too expensive to eat	After travelling around the west coast of United States as a group of eight i would have to say i was very disappointed with the food that was attached to the hyatt hotel. Room service was the most expensive we had experienced throughout America. We had 3 burgers and three cokes and the room service bill was over US$80.00 .If anyone is staying there i recommend the little cafes across the street(food was quite good). Hotel was fine but a long walk to the elevators from your room and a bit of a rabbit warren.xx AUSSIE TRAVELLERS.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great Hotel Good Price!	We went to this hotel for a couple days after Christmas for a little family getaway. As background, my husband and I are 30 and we traveled with our 1 year old daughter. This hotel was great - for kids or for people traveling without. The rooms looked newly remodeled and were very sleek, modern, and clean. They were as spacious as you can get - we didn't feel too cramped, even with a crib and all the gear that goes along with traveling with a baby. Great location - about 2 blocks from the main part of the Wharf. We liked that because it was easy to get to everything, yet far enough away it was quiet. There is a great breakfast place right across the street called 'Hollywood Cafe' - we had our best breakfast there of the trip - and you never would guess it just by looking at it.	
Dec 30 2007 	Too many issues	We stayed at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf for 2 days and 2 nights. We rented a 2-bedroom suite and the accomodations were nice. Assuming the service at the hotel had been average, this would likely be a 4-star review.However, service was poor.1) Called front desk three times over a 1 hour period for a key to one of the bedrooms. No luck, I finally had to walk down and get it myself.2) Hot breakfast served cold (I mean not remotely warm, truly cold).3) Wireless internet is $9.95/day and it cuts out about once every 20 minutes.4) Our bags were stored when we checked in as our room was not ready. When it came time to pick up our bags, the staff could not find one of them in the storage room. They looked for a few minutes and said it was not there. I asked if I could help. I went in and found it in about 5 seconds.There are four or five other things I could list but I think I've made my point. Just too many missteps for a stay that was less than 48 hours long.The location (near the wharf) is ideal and, for the most part, the staff is friendly and tries to be helpful. The rates are reasonable as well.This hotel has the potential to be a good hotel however they need to make numerous changes before I recommend anyone stay there.	
Dec 7 2007 	Great hotel and Good location	Enjoyed my stay at the Hyatt @ Fisherman Wharf! I was worried because of reviews in the past but overall it was great. After doing allot of walking its nice to come back to a very comfortable bed! Very friendly staff. Hotel will accommodate you with a mini fridge if needed. location is great. Trolleys are right behind the hotel and will take you straight to shopping District. There are convenient places near the hotel like Denny's - Starbucks- CVS Store-. I will definitely be back because of its location!	
Dec 4 2007 	Nice Hotel but.....	Stayed here for 2 nights. Overall I would say that this a nice hotel. Not elaborate, and certainly not a dump. Definitely was clean, the room was near spotless. The issues that I had may not be an issue to everyone, but there is no restaurant that offers breakfast. You either have to order room service (at no bargain) or leave the hotel to go have a sit down breakfast (which we did by going down the street to the Best Western-Tuscan INN..very nice too). There is a sportsbar type restaurant on site, but we did not eat there so I can not comment on it. The other issue I had was the $39 valet parking. I can understand the need to charge for over night parking, and see that a lot of hotels are going to this. However $39 to park a car is boarder line taking advantage. Yes, it's nice to pull up to within a couple of feet of the front door and have your car parked, but the lack of parking in the area leaves you no choice but to pay the piper. However, with that said, if I was to stay in this area again I would stay at the Hyatt and bite my tongue about the fee, and continue to walk down the street for breakfast. I'll take the cleanliness and comfort and deal with these minor issues.	
Dec 4 2007 	Great hotel - excellent location	This hotel is in a prime location - a few blocks from Ghirardelli Square and Fisherman's Wharf. The beds are SO comfortable! If you prefer a quiet room (like we did), ask for a room facing the courtyard. This hotel is also one block down from the street car, trolley lines and bus lines. You can purchase an all-day pass for $11 to ride these unlimited - note: this is not valid for BART. Two blocks down there is a Walgreen's - great place to stock up on bottled water (since the hotel wants $5 per bottle) or juice and light snacks. The vending machines are far with the long, maze-like halls and hard to get to on all floors - they are in a locked room and lacking in choices. Parking is expensive - $39 per day valet. There's a parking garage two blocks up on Beach Street (imparking) for $20 per day with no in/out privileges. If you use the offsite parking, be sure not to leave anything in your car. There's also a bread factory you can tour about three blocks away called Boudin. They have a full restaurant and an eatery. We were so cold after walking the Pier and stopped in for a bread bowl with soup - what a treat! Highly recommend!	
Nov 30 2007 	Modern Renovation	Wanted to stay near the Fisherman's Wharf area and found the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf. Read that it had been recently renovated and chose to stay here. Was pleasantly surprised with the Lobby and Valet reception. Very friendly and quick check-in. Thought the decor was very nice and modern. Did not receive reserved room, but was happy with my stay. My wife and I enjoyed our stay.	
Nov 28 2007 	Nice Hotel	Stayed for six nights over Thanksgiving.Room &amp; bath were large &amp; pleasant. Staff was great, helpful &amp; friendly. Cable car was located right outside hotel (Buy a Muni pass-we got 7-day for $24.00 which covered cable cars, street cars, buses and Muni subways-not BART). A cable car ride alone is $5.00. All is not perfect. The layout is a little like a maze though you will eventually learn the way to your room. The elevators are a little ridiculous, the stairs would be much quicker and easier but they open outside &amp; alarm. The restaurant is overpriced but all hotel restaurants are. There are so many good ones in San Francisco that we really didn't care. Fishermans Warf is really an uninteresting tourist trap but the MUNI system gave us easy access to the entire city.	
Nov 23 2007 	excellent stay at the Hyatt	the hotel was very clean, newly renovated, well- furnished and quiet. The great location was convenient to the Wharf, Ghiardelli square and the marina with multiple places to access city transportation making a car optional. in addition, the staff was friendly. the onsite workout facility was excellent. in general, we were quite pleased with our stay. initially, it was tough to choose a hotel in such a large city that would be right for a family of five. this hotel was great.	
Nov 20 2007	Very happy	Almost didnt stay here because of the inconsistent reports on the hotel, but was glad we did. Contrary to some travellers we really liked the upgrade done on the hotel and found it to be modern, fresh, light and very attractive. Its also in a great location if you particularly want to stay at Fishermans Wharf, with the cable car right by behind the hotel. Stayed in a Deluxe Room which we would recommend because of the extra space, the fact its on the top floor and therefore quiet, plus the reasonably good views from the room. There is no doubt that its a little expensive and the parking fees are a rip off, but everywhere of similar quality had similar costs. So we were really very happy with our selection, very comfortable tstaying here and would definately stay again.	
Nov 17 2007 	Highly Recommended	Stayed 4 nights at this hotel. Location perfect walking distance for Fishermans Wharf but far enough away for quiet nights. Large, clean, spacious room overlooking the pool. Staff very frendly and helpful. Buffet breakfast included in hotel room deal, very good variety. Would definately pick this hotel again.	
Nov 13 2007 	Nice but has a few issues	First problem: We didn't get the room I'd reserved, even though I'd booked it 2 months in advance and we checked in around 5:00. I tried to use Hyatt's Gold Passport early check-in several times during the day of arrival, but was unable to secure a room. Instead of a larger, deluxe corner room we were given a very tiny standard room. At least they didn't charge us the original price!Second problem: The noise! Our room was on the 4th floor overlooking a busy street and the traffic, car alarms, loud talking and yelling after the bar closed and delivery and garbage trucks in the early morning kept us awake for most of the night, every night. If you can, request one of those no-view courtyard rooms.Third problem: The bathroom. Beautifully designed, no doubt, but not very functional. The sink is so shallow that you can't wash your face without splashing all over the counter top. The shower head, which is mounted in the ceiling, was impossible to turn on without drenching half of your body in ice cold water. There's no tub and I'd have enjoyed a good soak after being out in the rain all day. Speaking of water, one morning the hotel seemed to have run out of hot water. Also, the lighting was very dim and there was no make-up mirror.The good things: An extremely comfortable bed, a great location, friendly and helpful valet guys and a big TV. It was newly renovated, very clean and the maid service was great. The walls seem thick -- we never heard anybody on either side of us, or in the corridor. A good friend has just moved to San Francisco and hopefully we will visit often, but I think I'll try another hotel.	
Nov 12 2007 	Very nice hotel but a few hints to make it better	This was my second stay at the Hyatt and overall I was very pleased with everything. The service and friendliness of the staff was outstanding. As others have noted, the location is excellent with easy access to Fishermans Wharf. A couple of hints to make a stay even better: Many of the hotel rooms face small inner court areas with absolutely no views. The rooms are just fine, but if you want to enjoy views of the San Francisco hills try to get a room that overlooks the city. The hotel features Knuckle's sports bar, which has good food and a bunch of screens to view sports. However, don't even try to get into the place during major sporting events as the place fills up with avid sports fans. Otherwise, a very nice spot for a beer and OK food.	
Nov 7 2007 	Great Stay	My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt for 3 nights. The hotel is nice, and the location is perfect. It&quot;s close enough to walk down to Fisherman's Wharf in about 5 minutes. It is a few blocks away from the crowds, which is nice because the hotel is quiet at night.We booked the aquarium package, which included the breakfast buffet each morning, and tickets to the aquarium at the wharf. I though the breakfast was very good, with lots of variety. My only complaint was the bathroom. It was large, but did not have a tub, shower only. The shower was just like the showers we have seen in Europe, the enclosure only covers the shower area to the midpoint, so water splashed out all over the floor. The large flat screen TV was a plus, and the King bed was very comfy. Overall I can't complain, and would stay here again.	
Oct 31 2007 	Very Nice Hotel	Recently my wife and I stayed at the Hyatt for 4 nights. The hotel was very nice with exzcellent service . The hotel staff could not do enough for you. The sports bar has decent food and is a great place to watch a sporting event.	
Oct 30 2007 	Great Stay outstanding Concierge	I knew my stay would be a good one from the beginning. I called the Concierge desperately looking for a restaurant I had been to many years ago and she said it had closed, I wanted to find the Chef there and no one had track of him for a while. I left my phone number and she called me 20 min later and told me where he was. I have been trying to research for several months and got no answers. This lady has pull! She got us into the most difficult restaurants in the city (Gary Danko in a SNAP!). She definetly went above and beyond for us and we thought it is worth mentioning. The rooms are great, modern, comfortable. The plasma TV was great too! The hotel was very quiet and pleasant as well.Our overall feeling of this place was really good, friendly staff and they all seemed really happy there. We will definetly ome back to the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf in 2008.	
Oct 25 2007 	Not Impressed	Stayed here for a business conference in October. Location is great and a great base for the San Fran sightseer. We found expensive rooms lacking of amenities like microwave and refridgerator. Safe did not work and did not latch. Staff was friendly but would recommend staying across the street at the Holiday Inn Express for a much better value and room.	
Oct 19 2007	Nice stay	Stayed at the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf for 2 nights in January 2007. The room was newly remodeled and bed was extremely comfortable. Flat screen TV in the room was a nice touch. This hotel can be a little pricey but is in a good location close to Fisherman's Wharf. I booked with the AAA rate so it wasn't too expensive for a weekend. The shower was a little weird since the water came down from the ceiling and there wasn't much water pressure. I was a little disappointed that the fitness center was in the process of being remodeled so I was not able to take advantage of the facilities. Overall, it was a nice stay and would definitely consider staying there again on my next trip to San Francisco.	
Oct 15 2007 	Perfect Hotel	I have no complaints. The rooms were very clean. Nice decor, comfortable beds. Fun sports bar/restaurant. We had a package which included parking and breakfast. The breakfast buffet was excellent. The location was the best. Close to both of the cable car stops, Pier 39, You can ride on any and all public transportation all day when you purchase their pass (approx. $11.00 per day). Cheaper then cabs and alot of fun. Alcatraz by Night was a great tour. Coit Tower, great views. Bring comfortable shoes. Loved San Francisco and our stay at the Hyatt.	
Oct 15 2007 	EXCELLENT ACCOMODATION SERVICE AND LOCATION	After a very attentive and long survey, we have chosen this Hotel because it has been recently renovated in 2006, and the price was acceptable for the standard offered. We stayed 4 nights in the first days of October 2007 in this Hotel. At ounce we were gratified by a nice welcome : 2 different rooms were proposed to be visited at 11.30 a.m. (far before the regular check-in time),and we finally turned the key of a quiet courtyard overlooking room, very large and comfortable, nicely modern fashion-type decorated. Everything was perfect, including a very comfortable bed with silky sheets, and a large and very convenient bath room. We enjoyed the generous and tasty well-served breakfast. But the four star issue is definitevely the Hyatt's Customer Service : all the staff is very professionnal, efficient and always smiling when taking into account your slightiest desires.A special mention is to be dedicated to the Concierge, who gave us a great choice of personalized information service which was highly relevant in enriching all our stay in San Francisco (concerning public transport, restaurants, places of interest, kind of different shopping areas, local uses, etc...). This young Lady Concierge was even able to persevere in brilliantly solving a complex problem of furniture-bought shipping to Europe. Last but not the least, the hotel location is perfect : in a quiet area, but very close to cable cars lines, street cars terminal, bus stops, and rental car agencies. A great thank you to all Hyatt staff : you were a major issue when enjoying our fascinating stay in SF ! Next year we shall return, but no need for a boring survey: we know perfectly where to go (and return)!	
Oct 5 2007 	Disappointing	This was our 2nd hotel in San Francisco and once again - disappointing (especially as all the other accomodation on our Californian/Nevada trip was far better and cheaper). I requested a pool view or courtyard room on a lower floor as I do not use elevators. I clearly stated this in my request. We got a room overlooking a roof on the 4th floor and I was told at first that I could not use the stairs as they were for staff only. Eventually, they agreed to let me use the stairs but only if I was accompanied by a member of staff - another tip - no way! The location was good but there were other hotels in the same area which were cheaper. I chose the Hyatt via TA and based on its reputation but think I would stay elsewhere next time and save some money.	
Sep 29 2007 	Superb Hyatt	My family and I (wife and two teenage children) stayed at the Hyatt in early August 2007. Front desk, accommodation, room service, cleaning, were all top class. 'Knuckles' is a superb sports bar/restaurant where service is good and the reasonably priced food is terrific. The multiplicity of screens show sports as diverse as Gaelic Football, Soccer, Basketball, American Football and Baseball.The hotel is located within 10 minutes' walking distance of the Wharf's Pier 39 in a very secure area.The Hyatt is a superbly run hotel and we would highly recommend it as the perfect base for a trip to beautiful San Francisco.	
Sep 28 2007 	Very nice hotel GREAT location	Enjoyable stay in SF. Hyatt was lovely and the location can't be beat. Very close to the Pier 39 and Ghiradelli, convenient to public transportation (there is a cable car turn around behind the hotel!) The room was comfortable and clean. Very nice beds with lots of pillows, greatly appreciated after a long day walking. We had a room on the inside so our view was only of the roof, but at least it was quiet that way. A few complaints though (unfortunately). 1. There were only fluorescent lights in the room. Hate hate hate, fluorescent lights. While I'm all for going green and conserving energy, would it really be too much of an imposition to put an incandescent somewhere in the room?!? 2. Knuckles, the hotel restaraunt/sports bar. Food, good. Service so-so. Price, way too much. Both times we ate there we waited quite a while to be served. And I realize that in a hotel restaraunt you pay for convenience but what I paid for breakfast was outrageous (over $50 for 2 people). I paid as much for my one glass of milk as I could have bought 2 gallons worth had I gone down to the Safeway a few blocks away. Overpriced as it was though, if you're willing to pay the price I'd highly recommend their sticky-bun french toast.	
Sep 16 2007 	Clean and Convenient	The service was slightly less than what I expected from Hyatt but the room was a comfortable size, quiet, and clean. We had reserved an oversized room, but upon checking in they only had one over-sized King room available and it's wall of windows looked right out at the whirlpool/spa of the courtyard. Not only could you see all the pool activity from the comfort of your own bed, but you could hear the pump and those enjoying the tub. We decided to down-grade to a standard sized King room on the fifth floor overlooking the courtyard and found it to be adequately sized and very quiet. The bed was super-comfortable and the room was clean as well. We booked a special rate that included full breakfast at the restaurant in the lobby. Good thing - since the menu was a bit pricey given what you got. The service: the experience with staff on duty ranged from rude to not being knowledgeable enough to be helpful, especially the concierge (the two that we interacted with) and the majority of the frontdesk staff. When you pay $300 plus a night (including parking and taxes), I would expect patience and helpfulness at the very least from staff. Great location - close to everything and easy access to 101 and 280 for quick jaunts to the nearby sites.	
Sep 11 2007 	Average hotel overpriced for a 3.5 star hotel won't stay in it again	I ordered a business rate room because of the two things: it's on the highest floors and the breakfast was included in the price. To my disappointment the highest floor was the 5th floor and the breakfast only included coffee, juice and pastry. Everything else on the menu I was supposed to pay for. The room was small, the linens were ok, the bathroom floor was dirty, the sink drain was clotted. The thermostat wasn't working properly so I woke up in a 85 degree heat when in fact I always set it up for 68 degrees. The same thing was happening 2 nights in a row. So that I just shut it off and opened the window.Overall I found the hotel was overpriced for the quality of services it provided. I wouldn't stay in it during my next trip to SF.	
Sep 7 2007 	great hotel and location	We booked as a walk in and got a great rate at $249 for 2 Doubles. Hotel has a very comtempory/luxurious feel. Our room was very nice (a bit on the small side for 4 people) but would be great if 2 people took the same room. The location is great for Fisherman's Wharf and catching the tram to other locations. The staff were very professional and helpful. Only mishap was that one of the reception staff blocked our credit card through swiping it when the system had asked to call for verification.	
Sep 2 2007 	So close to Wharf but quiet	Enjoyed the hotel, nice big room, lovely beds, very quiet (courtyard room), big TV, but no minibar. Ice maker and self service laundry available close by, pool and gym also good. Just set back from Fishermans Wharf it was the ideal location, and easy to get to city centre by bus or cable car. Fresh coffee every day to make in the room. Lovely breakfast bars just over the road - quicker and cheaper than the hotel.Didn't enjoy the cost of using the hotel phone at about $10/min - should have used my mobile! Also didn't enjoy the business centre PC for internet access - very expensive and poor. Money exchange rates at front desk - avoid at all cost.Overall a good hotel, which was comfortable, quiet and well located. No noise from neighbouring rooms at any time. Just watch out for and avoid the extras.	
Aug 31 2007 	Perfect location for families with kids ages 7-12	Our family of 5 (my husband, 3 boys, and I) just spent 4 nights at the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf. If you are looking for a convenient location, clean, quiet room for a family -- this was great. We had 2 cable car stops within less than a 5 minute walk. We used them to go to Union Square, Lombard Street, Chinatown and the Cable Car Museum. We could walk to Ghiradelli Square, the Cannery, the Wharf, and Pier 39. We also could walk to our rental car pickup (Enterprise) and the F line (street car) easily. We used the F to get to the pier for the Alcatraz cruise and to go to the Ferry Building/Farmer's Market . We were able to take a city bus to the Marina easily. We also used the bus to go to Golden Gate Park (although it was a bit of a haul). We were only a block away from the firetruck tour -- which by the way, was the absolute best part of the trip!! I can't recommend it enough! My main point is that the Hyatt at the Wharf's location is great for families who are heading to San Francisco to sightsee. We debated as to whether we should stay in the Union Square or the Wharf area. The Wharf is definitely the way to go for sightseeing families with kids. The rooms were clean and the hotel was quiet. We did use the pool twice, but briefly -- it was chilly. The pool really shouldn't be a factor when choosing a hotel in San Francisco. There is so much to see and do. We got the Rise and Shine rate which included a full breakfast buffet (very nice) voucher for 2 people each morning. We actually used 4 of the vouchers for 2 of the mornings and paid the extra $9 for one child. That way we didn't feel obligated for all of us to eat there every morning. While the breakfast buffet was great, the dinner at the hotel restaurant was not the best -- and they charged for refills of the kids' lemonades. We had friends stay at the Argonaut at the same time. They said it was nice and it was only a block or two from us, so they had the same convenient location. I would probably try the Argonaut if I went again. Not because there was anything bad about the Hyatt -- we had no problems whatsoever. I just think the Argonaut looked a little bit nicer from the outside.	
Aug 30 2007	great hotel. superb location BUT	We booked the Hyatt at Fishermans Wharf following trip advisor reviews. We arrived from out of the country at 1am in the morning for three nights with a confirmed booking. We were informed at reception that no rooms were available. I explained that we had a confirmed booking and showed the confirmation. Eventually, after me losing it , we were offered a lounge with a single roll away in it. we eventually got two beds, both short and uncomfortable with no choice of alternative hotels. We were marooned. We learned later in the stay we should have been walked to another HYATT hotel. We were never offered this choice . The night staff were particularly unhelpful and could not care less.The situation however was corrected the next morning , after five hours uncomfortable rest, by the duty manager who unlike his night staff was excellent. Would we use the Hyatt here again ? For comfort, appointment of rooms, the excellent bar man, RICK , and the restaurant along with the location..Definitely yes. But with caution. CHECK YOU HAVE CONIRMED ROOMS BEFORE you arrive and that they are available for you. We never recieved an explanation as to who had OUR booked room.	
Aug 28 2007 	3rd time at this hotel!	We really like this hotel. The location is fantastic, the quality of the hotel is great - rooms great, bed great, breakfast buffet great and we find the service that the staff provide is really excellent. We always book a court yard, over sized room as there are 3 of us, including 1 teenager so the huge room is a bonus and being courtyard view these rooms are exceptionally quiet - no street noise, pool noise and we have never heard a peep from neighbors. Also have self serve laundry facilities is a huge bonus. Only 1 downside this time, the hotel has changed their decor for the most part to an utlra modern style - I really preferred the older, tradtional style - oh well.	
Aug 28 2007 	Convenient	This hotel was convenient to the Wharf, 2 block walk and you are there. In what seemed to be a safe area to walk. Hotel parking is really expensive. The beds were very comfortable. Quite possibly the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. The room was clean, a little bit on the small side, but not bad.Cable cars are 1 block away, and it's just a few blocks to catch the muni train.Knuckles restaurant next door had ok food for something relatively quick, however the waiter we had one night was horrible.	
Aug 16 2007 	Great Hotel Loved the Bedding!	Overall....it was a great experience. Hyatt did a great job remodeling the rooms and the beds were by far the most comfortable I have slept on in a hotel. The bedding was plush and very comfortable. The only problem we encountered was with someone from the front desk who didn't appear concerned with trying to work with us when we requested a room that was large enough to fit a roll out bed. As we were checking out I noticed that there was another couple who was having a hard time as well with the same front desk person. Everyone else was very nice and very helpful. One of the people who works at the concierge gave us wrong information regarding where to by trolley and bus passes. Honestly, some of the homeless were more helpful than this person was! Overall, we were very happy and would definitely go back!	
Aug 11 2007 	Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon from the 11th - 18th June. We had booked via the website and asked for it to be noted that it was our honeymoon but even when we booked in we got a very basic room which was quite disappointing. However the staff were helpful, and the room, including the shower had been recently renovated. The Knuckles restaurant was great for breakfasts, the buffet was lovely. We had dinner there only the once and the restaurant was packed, took a while to be served and the food was ok, but there are so many other great restaurants in the area we weren't fussed. This hotel is in a great location, near Pier39, and a 5-10 mins walk from Ghiradelli's Square. All in all it was a wonderful start to our married life, just wish the staff could've been a bit more helpful/thoughtful when booking us in.	
Aug 8 2007	good choice for tourists	Stayed here with our 2 young children during a family vacation to San Francisco. Very sleek hotel that appears to have been recently renovated. The beds are incredibly comfortable! The rooms are spacious. Only negatives were restaurant sometimes had a wait for breakfast and the &quot;heated&quot; pool was nowhere near warm enough for outdoor swimming in typical San Francisco July weather. The immediate neighborhood was pretty blah but you are within easy walking distance of all the shops and restaurants at Pier 39 which we found very convenient for endof the day dining	
Aug 3 2007	Better Than the Rest- Almost	A native San Franciscan, I was revisiting for a family reunion and know the area well. I thoroughly researched the current hotel situation (since I was staying for 5 nights) in Fishermen's Wharf and decided on the Hyatt.Last year I stayed at the Argonaut, which is excellent and better-located, but more expensive and the best rooms are not always available.The Hyatt is a solid, well-built hotel and the best of thegenre in the Wharf. Beds are very comfortable and all rooms are modern, clean, and sizeable. If possible, try to get a corner room facing something other than the common interior courtyard, which is bland and colorless. The corner rooms are larger andconsiderably more desirable than the standard rooms. Even if you have to pay a few dollars more, the price is worth it.Since all hotels in the Wharf cannot exceed 5 stories, you are not going to find a hotel that really faces the Bay (except for the more expensive Argonaut rooms- so don't even try.All in all, as a seasoned traveler, the Hyatt satisfied my needs,and I am a very finicky customer !	
Aug 1 2007 	A welcome retreat for throbbing feet	We explored SF for four days and really appreciated this hotel's great location. Found the rooms clean and well-equipped, and the staff pleasent. We had two children with us, aged 9 and five, who both enjoyed the comfy beds, TV, swimming pool and adjoining jacuzzi. The breakfast buffet was good but the staff were stretched on the weekend, so service could have been better. Also, we were disappointed that room service finished at 10pm, just as the kids were settling and Mum and Dad wanted a beer! Saying that, we would certainly pick this particular Hyatt again.	
Jul 30 2007 	Hated the Bathroom!	We just got back from a 1-week stay at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf.....and I have mixed reviews. Staff:The hotel staff were ALL extremely friendly and helpful - very customer service orientated and each person we spoke to went out of their way to be polite and personable.Rooms:Our hotel room was....a little disappointing. Everything was nice and clean and comfortable, but the bathroom was awful! The doors didn't shut properly, there was no fan in the bathroom so it would get extremely fogged up. And the shower was.....fancy looking but not practical. At all.Knuckles:The bar/restaurant next door was great! I highly recommend visiting this establishment whether you stay at the Hyatt or not - excellent food and even better service: the bar staff were funny, friendly and very welcoming!Over all, I would recommend this hotel, but probably wouldn't stay there again and I was disappointed in the bathrooms!	
Jul 30 2007 	Nice but "nickle and dime" you	This is probably the nicest hotel in the Fisherman's Wharf area. The renovations are lovely--rooms are nicely done. The staff members are friendly and helpful; we liked the included hot breakfast buffet--except--the servers forget to refill the coffee. Our only issue was the extra charges--wireless internet in the room was extra, parking was overpriced, and they even charged an extra $7.99 per 15 minutes to use their computers and printers. Considering the room rates, these amenities should be included.Overall, though, it was a pleasant stay.	
Jul 24 2007 	great location lousy food	great location, halfway between Ghiradeli Square and Pier 39. Had a king size bed which was nice, LCD sreen tv, even a docking station for your ipod. Towels were awfully thin for a five star hotel though! Our package included the bfast buffet at hotel restaurant--just ok. There was a storefront Breakfast cafe across the street that seemed to do a roaring business that might have been better (or the starbuck's behind the hotel). One night we were just too tired to go anywhere else for dinner so ate in the restaurant (Knuckles Sports Bar and Grill)---yuch. Ordered 3 appetizers: buffalo wings were ok, calamari was awful (couldn't chew it) and the artichoke dip was funny tasting. My watermelon margarita was very tasty but I was shocked at the $12 charge! We did voice our complaint and were offerred free appetizers for the next night although we didn't go back. With so many really great restaurants aroung fisherman's wharf, why bother?	
Jul 17 2007 	Above average	I stayed at this hotel for three nights. The room was a bit small compared to most Hyatt's I've stayed at, but it was well decorated, and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was decorated in a modern-style with the showerhead being located in the shower ceiling. The length of the shower stall was closer to that of a bathtub, and the door did not close. This caused a bit of water to splash out onto the bathroom floor, but it was a minimal amount. The door wasn't broken; it's just designed not to close. The reception staff in the lobby were very friendly, and they were more than happy to offer suggestions for local restaurants. The best thing about this hotel is the location. The wharf is a 5-minute walk, as are the trolley stops. Ghriadelli Square is about 15 minutes away, and Chinatown and Little Italy are a 25-30 minute walk. Overall, this is a nice hotel but not as nice as most Hyatt's. The prices are inflated due to its location, but you will be happy staying here.	
Jul 9 2007 	Great Location - Nice Remodel - Parking Expensive	Had a delightful stay at the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf. I already knew that the location of the hotel was excellent, but what was surprising was that amount of renovation work that had taken place in the hotel. The rooms have been completely redone and are decorated very nicely. Only thing that is a drawback is the television in the room. It is a little flat screen that looks absurd because it is so small. For 50 bucks more, they probably could have gotten a decent sized television. It appeared to be a 25 inch screen. The only downside to staying at this hotel is the parking. I know that it is expensive to park in San Francisco, but to pay 42 bucks a day . . . that's a bit extreme. If you are a guest, there should be a reasonable parking rate. That is like paying event parking prices in most major cities. Outrageous.	
Jul 1 2007 	A world class superbly appointed property	If this is your first time to the tourist district of San Francisco and you want to stay near where the action is in a luxe, yet unostentatious environment, then the Hyatt at Fisherman’s Wharf is worth checking out (or I mean, in).Of all the hotel chains I’ve stayed at, I find Hyatt the most consistent in terms of quality and experience. You can expect to find friendly, yet brisk guest services, quality furnishings, and well-appointed amenities, and top notch facilities. The Hyatt at Fisherman’s Wharf is no exception. Its low-rise, red-brick facade exudes warmth and elegance.The lobby is small, although functional. It has a corner that is updated with a touch of post-modernism, with quirky furniture and paintings.The guestroom is superbly appointed with a plush, soft bed and smooth, clean sheets. The bathroom boasts generously sized amenities from Portico Spa. The spacious guestroom also features a multifunction workstation with an ergonomic chair that will please the traveler who unfortunately has to tow work along. There is Wi-Fi service throughout the hotel via T-Mobile.Hyatt seems well-aware that there is a growing crowd of fitness conscious travelers to whom going on a vacation does not mean a holiday from their fitness regime, and is eager to tap into this market. It has an outdoor heated pool and jacuzzi, and a newly-renovated 24-hour “StayFit” fitness center. It consists primarily of cardio machines such as treadmills, elliptical machines, stationary bikes, and a small but adequate free weights corner.On top of the consistent Hyatt touch, this property benefits from proximity to area attractions such as Alcatraz, Pier 39, the postcard pretty Golden Gate Bridge, and the shopping mecca of San Francisco’s Union Square.	
Jun 29 2007 	Stay at your own peril	While this newly renovated is Asian inspired with all the fine lines it gave me the worst hotel experience ever. The room was okay and cold feeling just like the staff that works there. I guess no one reminded the managers and mostly front desk clerk that they work in the hospitality industry. Worst of all security at this hotel is nil so be very careful staying at this hotel as you will be putting property and may be even life in danger. I was robbed at this hotel right by the front desk. The hotel is prowling with thieves thinly disguised as couples. There is no security at this hotel. The security video is so bad at this hotel that if you are robbed the quality of the picture will not assist the authorities in apprehending the perpetrators, hence they will continue to operate until they are caught in the act. Except for Jorge the Porter who had a nice friendly smile, this hotel is as cold as the decor.	
Jun 18 2007 	Great Stay	Newly Refurbished about 6 months ago - beds are extremely comfy. Room is a litle small but served its purpose. Staff is extemely friendly and went overboard to make sure my 2 year old was comfortable. Called for towels at 2am and got them in 3 minutes! Location is great 2 blocks off Fisherman's Wharf - close enough to the action without being in the middle of it. Trader Joe's and Safeway are a block away for any necessities. Get the buffet breakfast included in your stay - great deal and delicious food. Knucles Sports Bar was perfect for lunch or late night snacks. Cable Car pickup only about a block away. Would recommend to all.	
Jun 15 2007 	great stay	Hotel very convenient to Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, Alcatraz Cruise terminal and many restaurants. Booked hotel and parking plan and was pleased with room and valet parking. Security of parking lot was very good. Tour company booked through concierge was excellent and they picked us up right in front of hotel. Restaurant attached to hotel was good for quick meals. Room was clean and well appointed.	
Jun 7 2007 	great location quiet and nice hotel	We really liked the location of this hotel – on North Point Street, near the activity of the marina but not right in the thick of it. It’s a very quiet hotel. We had neighbors, but I never heard them once. Nice heated pool and hot tub. The rooms are decorated in a blue and brown modern theme, which we liked very much but which wouldn’t appeal to everyone. Only a few downsides for us, one of which was the bathroom – it was beautiful, but the sliding doors didn’t close completely or lock, and the shower was only half enclosed, meaning that you’re in there and the back half of the shower was open. This led to water getting out and it being a little colder because the steam could escape. Also, the shower head was a “rain” type shower head from the ceiling. Very nice, except that you have to reach under it to turn the water on, so you got a cold blast to the head when you reach forward. And one other picky thing – the ice bucket is so tiny that we couldn’t have two cans of soda in the ice at the same time. So one of us had to drink it warm. I asked for a second can and they said sure, but it never turned up. I didn’t follow up. And finally, the internet access was awful. $10.00 for a day, and you have to connect through the television. The keyboard was awful, you had to POUND on the keys to get them to type anything and it was totally frustrating. I spent about an hour online to do what would take five minutes at home. And the reason we got the access was to check my husband’s work e-mail, which we couldn’t do anyway since it wasn’t a secure enough connection. And if you bring a laptop, you can’t use it for internet in the room anyway. We didn’t check out the sports bar because there were so many other great places to eat and drink nearby. But, for the main things – the location and the room, it was great. The bed was fantastic, as were the pillows, and the people were very nice. I’d stay here again for sure.	
Jun 2 2007 	A fine hotel accommodating staff	My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt for two nights--one pre-cruise and one post-cruise, so the stays were 10 nights apart. We enjoyed both nights, and would stay at this hotel again. Both times we arrived well before check-in but were immediately given a room by a friendly front-desk agent, and the rooms were well decorated and the beds were very comfortable. One niggling minor problem--bathroom doors don't have a latch (they slide together and meet in the middle). Hotel location was great--right in the middle of Fisherman's Wharf, not far from pier to catch cruise ship or ferry to Alcatraz, or alternatively walk in the other direction to Ghiradelli Square. We had hotel breakfast included in the rate for the first night, and it was certainly adequate. We chose the buffet, which had a nice selection. Second night we didn't have breakfast in the rate, so we walked across the street to a little cafe and ate well there, too. Highly recommend!	
May 24 2007 	Great views!	Stayed at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf for three nights in mid-May. Asked for a room with a view upon check-in. The clerk said they are not known for their views being only four stories tall, but he would do the best he could and he certainly did. Room #529 had views of Coit Tower, the Oakland Bay Bridge, and the Transamerica Pyramid. A great room, spacious with a sitting area, clean, nicely decorated, flat screen tv, Starbuck's coffee in the room with to-go cups, and big windows that open. All this for only $189 per night - unbelievable! Ordered breakfast from room service one morning and it was better than a restaurant. Will definitely stay here again. Also a great location, only two blocks to Fisherman's Wharf, a bookstore across the street, and cable car outside the side hotel door. Connected to Knuckles Historic Sports Bar which serves meals also and two small restaurants for breakfast and lunch directly across the street.	
May 17 2007 	Good clean fine hotel	Everything about this hotel is fine, though nothing stood out as being anything amazing. The location is perfect in Fisherman's Wharf, easy to get to everything, though the Wharf itself was a bit disappoiting, 3 days there was enough as it lacked any real depth. The Hotel room was modern, clean, a good size and new so no complaints about the room at all. The bar was ok, but nothing special at all and didn't really seem to fit with the hotel. The hotel staff were nice enough, but didn't exactly go out of their way to assist with anything when asked. Maybe it's the English accent :o)	
May 17 2007 	Good times	This hotel is really good and very well located for sight seeing san francisco.It was near all the public transport to see the sights.The rooms are spacious,the beds are like sleeping on clouds more comfortable than my bed at home.I could not find any dirt and the rooms modern and tastefully decorated.The bathroom was good with good amenities.The shower was not as good as at home but it cleaned you.The hotel staff were all very friendly and most helpful.Knuckles bar and restaurant was great you could find locals in there.The staff were efficent and very friendly,we liked them all but Nancy was the best.The food choice was good and reasonably priced as well as the drinks.It was great with all the television screens expecially so when the golden state warriors played basketball.We have become fans and learnt the rules of the game.I recommend this hotel as you recieve good service and is well located clean and safe.If I came back to San francisco we would stay here again.	
Apr 3 2007 	Had a really good stay	Stayed here one night. Not a location I'd normally choose, but had a free night from Hyatt and it was the only Hyatt hotel I could get into in the Bay Area. The hotel ended up being sold out by the time I arrived, but I received the room type I requested. I asked for a quiet room and was told by the friendly front desk clerk that the hotel is &quot;a very quiet hotel.&quot; I've heard that story before, but it really was true. Normally I'd like a view, but as this hotel is only 5 stories high, most of the street-facing rooms look into hotels that are across the street. And the streets around the hotel are pretty busy with traffic, vehicular and pedestrian.My room was on the second floor overlooking a &quot;courtyard,&quot; which is just the roof of the hotel. It's pretty claustrophobic, but I just wanted a good night's sleep and I got one. Although the hotel was full, I didn't hear a sound all night. And my room was an adjoining room. The place is built like a bunker, and is incredibly well insulated. I got a newly remodeled room that was very stylish (something you'd see on &quot;Top Design&quot; when they designed hotel rooms) in a blue/brown motif. The only part of the room not redone was the old white bathroom tile surrounding the tub. That looked bad. The rest looked great. (I've stayed at the Grand Hyatt on Union Square in the past, but their rooms are in such dire need of a makeover, I'm trying to avoid the place until they spend some money making them look a little less like, well, 1987).My experience with all the employees was terrific... everyone was exceptionally courteous. Didn't have breakfast at the hotel, but there are many places to eat nearby. I got an Egg McMuffin and ate it sitting on a bench overlooking the bay. Highly recommend it.The only downside of my stay? Parking is a rip-off at $43 a night (including tax). Nearby lots charged at least $30 overnight, but you do get valet service at the hotel. Had to wait about 25 minutes for my car when I checked out, but the valets were really working hard to fetch cars (everyone was leaving at the same time), so it wasn't their fault. All in all, a surprisingly good stay at a very nicely redone hotel (some public areas still sport the old decor, which is rather incongruous with the new design). I'm not sure I love the neighborhood (wildly tourist-y in a slighty seedy way) or would come back for another stay for that very reason, but it's an excellent choice if you want to be 3 blocks away from Fisherman's Wharf.	
Mar 28 2007 	Great Stay!!!	I just got back from a stay here and have to say this was a great hotel. The staff was excellent. Very friendly and helpful and the location was perfect. Rooms were clean and decorated nicely. The only complaint is that the shower head is very low. I would definitely stay here again and again!	
Mar 28 2007	Great Hotel Great Location	The Hyatt was a great hotel. The interior design was beautiful in the room and the staff was overly friendly and eager to help in any way that they could. The hotel is close to several great resturants and very close to cable car stops. I would stay here again without a second thought!	
Mar 10 2007	Excellent Service and Location	We booked our room through [--] for $109 a night. The location of the Hyatt is tough to beat if your are looking for something near Fisherman's Wharf. We were easily able to walk to all of the shops at Fisherman's Wharf and Gharadelli Square. The rooms have been recently updated in a modern style (think black, white, grey color-scheme). The beds were very comfortable and our interior room was very quiet. We had neighbors on both sides and did not hear them. The service from the point we entered the hotel to the point we left was flawless. Excellent staffing and great overall service.The main downsides to the Hyatt are the parking costs (with tax it was $42 a night) and the view if you were looking for one. Most rooms either look over the road or the interior area (which is actually rooms looking at other rooms). Just be on notice that they are still doing some renovations to the hotel and while we were not disturbed by the work that is just something to be aware of -	
Feb 27 2007	Great Hotel	San Francisco, Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf. Date: 19 to 22 January 2007. This was the first stay of our 4 week long round the world holiday. We transfered from San Francisco Airport via the shuttle bus (as the Hyatt had suggested which was really easy) and were welcomed at the hotel with the porter taking the bags and with reception who had everything ready and explained the hotel facilities. The room was spacious and very comfortable with all modern fittings. - Just as we had hoped it would be. The hotel itself is well placed to see/visit the attractions and just within walking distance to the piers and harbour front and the cable car terminal is just at the rear of the hotel. The hotel restaurant is more of a brunch eatery but well serviced with a good menu. There are plenty of restaurants close to the hotel. The staff at the Hyatt were very friendly and helpful in every respect. The hotel lives up to its 3 star plus rating - I've stayed in worse 4 Star hotels. I'd certainly stay at the Hyatt again and can recommend it to anyone wishing to stay at San Francisco. - Great comfortable Hotel.	
Feb 4 2007	Average experience	Stayed at this Hyatt for two nights in January 2006. Rooms are updated with a retro modern decor in brown and light blue color scheme. Comfortable bedding but a dried spot of some unmentionable was seen on one of the cloth-covered headboards. Room 629.Booked it with the AAA rate and a code that included breakfast in the sports themed restaurant. This really made the stay. The breakfast buffet was the best I have seen at this type of hotel. Hotel is still finishing renovations. Concierge was very helpful. Walk and take public transportation, as parking is expensive.	
Jan 29 2007 	Loved the location	We stayed here January 26th-January 28th. Loved the room. Very modern and also loved the flat screen TV. Fishermans wharf is only about 10 minutes from the hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The only con is that the toliet holder kept falling down and the noise outside was very loud. Other than that it was a great stay. I would definately recommend this to anyone.	
Jan 16 2007 	Greatfriendlymodernclean 	After reading some of the reviews of this hotel I think we must have stayed at a different Hyatt to these other people!We stayed for 5 days from the 2nd of January 2007 and found no problems with it at all.The room was spotless with contemporary decor and furnishings,wall mounted TV and newly upgraded,spacious shower room.The bed was big and comfy and the whole room was nice to chill out in after a hard day's sightseeing.There was a coffee machine in our room which was great and the complementary toiletries were good too.We found all the staff to be polite and helpful at all times.This hotel is in an excellent location if you want to do all the touristy stuff.I would definately stay here again,we thought it was great :)	
Dec 21 2006 	Great Hotel!!	We stayed 3 nights at the hotel in the beginning of December. The rooms have all been refurbished, and our room on the 3rd floor was spacious and extremely clean. Flat screen tv and good bedding. Shame about the shower only, and no bath, but then again, we didn't go to San Francisco to stay in the bath!!The reception staff were very helpful and did everything to make our stay enjoyable. I would definately go back to the hotel. I beleive that it is the best in the Wharf area, as their are many hotels in the area that look tatty next to the Hyatt.	
Oct 28 2006 	Do not park at this hotel	The hotel was nothing of what you would expect from a Hyatt. It was truly overpriced but the location was good. The parking was unbelievable. $28 a day, regardless if you put your car in at 11:59 pm at night the previous day and 8 in the morning the next day. I wasn't impressed.	
Oct 27 2006	Nice Hotel – Unreliable booking system and VERY expensive parking!	We stayed here during our coast-to-coast drive across the US. The hotel has a very good location just a few blocks walk from Fishermans Wharf. We checked in about 18:00 to be told they had no King rooms left. This always annoys me when the online booking specifically offers a type of room and then the hotel tells you it was only a preference based on availability. The room we got had two queen beds and was new and clean, but the décor was rather bland. The wireless internet was an extra fee - at the time I was used to this because internet is always extra in the UK, but now I’ve stayed at 30+ US hotels during this road trip I now realise almost all of them now offer it for free! We had room service that evening which was quite nice, but the waiter was not very friendly. Overall my biggest problem with this hotel is the very expensive parking at $38 plus tax!	
Oct 24 2006 	60s retro here we come	Stayed here half-way through our honeymoon. Hadn’t pre-booked the hotel, just drove around Fisherman’s Wharf and this was the most reasonably priced hotel we could find. Great location in the city centre – just five minutes from Fisherman’s Wharf. Parking also available within the hotel grounds, but quite pricey as it was a valet service. Hotel décor was contemporary 60s-esque but quite nice – very classy feeling! Convenient sports bar next door for eating/drinking locally, but also within stumbling distance of some very good bars – a few of which were Irish! Would definitely recommend staying here to others whilst visiting San Francisco.	
Oct 16 2006 	Don't get stuck in the Hyatt FW	Was encouraged by the positive reviews, the location and the description of the modern rooms . What I found was unhelpful and, aside from a few exceptions, uninterested front desk personnel, an indeed very modern but dirty room, and an ambiance that caters not to tourists but solely to the convention/conference crowd.Got a fourth floor room with a malfunctioning A/C. It took three calls to the front desk and seemingly endless waiting for an engineer to fix the electrical problem and a completely clogged filter to be cleaned. The room looked like it had not been used in a while. Dust, bar glasses not quite clean, you name it, it just didn't fit the Hyatt image. The windows opened though, and it was nice to get some fresh air while waiting for the engineer to show. TV (Samsung Flatpanel LCD) had lots of channels and very informative documentary on San Fran. Parking valet (when he was around) was very helpful and relatively quick.Breakfast was the worst I have had in a long time. Room rate ($259 a night) included full american breakfast and parking. You do the math, but if I can get fresh danishes at Safeway across the street (practically) why is it so hard for the Hyatt to deliver same to the breakfast buffet? No yoghurt, one kind of hot cereal in a utilitarian, aluminum heating (not serving) unit, one kind of juice (couldn't tell it was actually OJ, so I didn't bother tasting), three kinds of fruit cut up in large pieces in three separate serving trays next to the hot food so it actually looked like more than it was. The scrambled eggs were surprisingly fresh, but the bagels, muffins and danishes were at least a day old (no kidding). Would have had to pay full price for everything else on the menu but the Two Eggs Any Style (the most expensive item) and I didn't trust the kitchen enough to incur the additional expense, so the buffet was a no-brainer.The location, as others have mentioned, is pretty good. That's about all the Hyatt FW has going for it. I will definitely not be back.	
Oct 5 2006 	Filthy filthy filthy!	This hotel is the reason I stopped using priceline to book rooms. It was filthy! Dried urine on the floor in the bathroom, stained carpets, dust an inch thick on the bathroom lights, and mold in the shower. I travel frequently to SF and recommend staying away from this hotel. I wish I had my camera to show the filth. With all the other wonderful hotels in SF, I would stay away from this one!!! You couldn't pay me to stay there again. Oh, and as compensation for the dried urine on the floor, I was given a &quot;breakfast ticket&quot; for the following day. Priceline also gave me a credit for misrepresentation (it was supposed to be a 4 star hotel).	
Sep 14 2006 	Great location very nice hotel	My husband and I, and 2 kids (4 and 7) stayed at the Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf from 8/23-8/26. We booked a room through HotWire for $139 a night. What a fantastic deal. On a map, it looks like certain hotels appear closer to certain attractions at Fisherman's Whart. This one looked like it could be a bit of a walk, but in reality, was in very close walking distance to everything we wanted to see, but was far enough that we didn't feel like we were on a very busy, noisy street. We arrived at the hotel from the airport at around 1:00. Even though check-in wasn't until much later, they gave us our room right away, and were unpacked and off sightseeing by 2:00. I felt like we had a whole day ahead of us. The hotel is very nice. The rooms are small, but no smaller than a New York City hotel. Actually, I was pleased to find a desk area and a small sitting area where my kids ate cereal for breakfast in the room everyday (to save time and money). There is a supermarket right by, and everything else you may need. One of my favorite perks was finding a washer/dryer laundry area on our floor. That really came in handy, and was very convenient for us to laundry when we got back to the hotel one night. The only downside was no refrigerator or minibar in the room. That would have been a nice addiion. Everyone we encountered at the hotel was very nice and helpful. I would definetely stay here again. Even at the full price that we found on the internet (around $229 a night during the time we went), it would have been worth it. We did not go to the attached restaurant, but it looked nice, and wasn't too formal for young children. Fisherman's Wharf is very touristy, and a little cheesey. On the other hand, I wouldn't stay anywhere else with small kids. We went to Alcatraz, did the duck boat tour (a must!), walked around the wharf and went to restaurants there, rode the trolley, etc. It was all within quick walking distances for us, with 4 and 7 year olds. It was also a quick cab ride to get home from Chinatown after dinner etc. I also recommend a trip to Muir Woods. It was beautiful.	
Sep 11 2006 	great location	you could tell this was a very nice hotel from the moment you walked in, very cool water fountain in the lobby.rooms - the room was very modern and nice, loved the furniture and decor. it had a very comfy bed (with 4+ pillows), nice lcd tv, and chaise chair. the bathroom was also very nice with a modern shower and sink. the room was also quiet and i was next to the elevator, didn't hear anything or anyone (except for those rude LOUD talkers in the hallway)location - great location. nice and quiet but also close to the action. 2 blocks up and you are at fisherman's wharf (just a quick walk). if you want to be close to fisherman's wharf but not have the craziness, this is a good spot.service - only dealt with staff once for checkin and that was about it. they didn't really go out of their way to do much for you.i would stay again if the price was right, just for the location and great looking room. I paid $169/night for a king room on the 5th floor.	
Aug 22 2006 	Customer Service Was The Best!	On the hotel website we booked a &quot;Deluxe Room&quot; for $269 a night. We decided to pay the extra $50 a night to have the &quot;extra sitting area&quot; so our 18 month old daughter can sleep in the corner while we watch TV. We check in and we were greeted by &quot;all our rooms are deluxe rooms.&quot; &quot;Some corner rooms are slightly bigger and have a sitting area.&quot; My impression was that we were going to pay $50 extra a night for an extra two feet of space. Rene made things right, she upgraded us to the executive suite. 42 inch LCD tv in one room, 32 inch LCD tv in the other. Nice two sink bathroom and plush king size bed. Thank you Rene!The restaurant Knuckles has great food but horrible service. Hopefully it was an isolated issue. I had to track down our waitress twice. Once to take our drink order and another time to take our food order. Even so I gave her a good tip because the atmosphere and food were great. So many TV's, I didn't know what game to watch. Great video games for kids (and adults).Kudos to Rene, she made our trip very enjoyable! But don't book online, book directly through the hotel.	
Aug 18 2006 	Good family choice	Got our room the morning of our stay for $95 on Priceline (best online rate I could find was $210). The room was pleasantly comfortable and looked like it had been renovated in the previous year or so -- great beds, nice shower, good 42-inch LCD with about 35 channels. We had nice weather so the kids checked out the pool -- small, only 3-1/2 feet deep. Parking at the Hyatt was $38 plus tax, which is about standard for that block.For those of you who've never stayed in Fisherman's Wharf, there are about six chain hotels right next to one another along North Point and Bay Streets. If traveling alone or just with my wife, I might have instead stayed at one of the two nearby Kimpton hotels (Argonaut, Tuscan Inn), but the Hyatt was terrific for a family stay.	
Jul 26 2006 	Great place to stay near the Wharf!	We booked through Priceline and got the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf for $90 a night. Having heard some bad experiences about Priceline customers getting small rooms and such, we were a little worried. No need to be...I called Hyatt upon learning of my winning bid and requested a King non-smoking room. We arrived and were given just that and more. Our room was beside the Governor's suite and was quite large. A separate dressing area and a huge bathroom with a jacuzzi greeted us as we opened the door. The location is terrific...just a half block from the Cable cars and two blocks from the Wharf. Safe neighborhood...we walked everywhere and had no problems. The staff was friendly and helpful and the bed was about the best we've ever slept on in a hotel. The room had recently been renovated and had a new LCD tv and new furnishings. Would we return to the Hyatt? We're already planning another trip!	
Jul 22 2006	They believe in great customer service!	Spent three days at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf in July06 for business. The most comfortable room with all the amenities, except mini bar. All staff great, from check-in to front desk to car valets to servers in the restaurant.	
Jul 21 2006 	Great location great service	This is a nice hotel in an excellent location, near all the great attractions of Fisherman's Wharp, Pier 39, Ghiradelli, etc. Although I was on a business trip, I brought my family along (including 10 year old boy &amp; 5 year old girl) and we stayed five nights.Overall, the service was outstanding. The valet parking was always prompt, and the valet attendent knew me by name by the second day. The front desk was very helpful with driving directions and getting information on road conditions for the remainder of our travel through California.The room was average size, sufficient for the four of us. The bathroom had an odd sink that was very shallow, causing water to spill over occasionally on my 5-year-old.My only real complaint is that there was no refridgerator in the room. This would have been nice for storing left-overs from the wonderful restaurants in the area.I would highly recommend this hotel for business travelers; at the same time, it is above average for tourists.	
Jul 16 2006	Great Hotel	Great place to stay. Has a pool, spa, gym and good service. Convenient to Fishermans Wharf and all points around. Great for families. We had a recently renovated room with two really comfortable beds (except they were only doubles and I am used to a bigger queen). Otherwise it was a good choice. Staff were helpful and recommended a GREAT Chinese Restaurant called The Madarin at nearby Giradelli Square. Also the Sunrise Cafe across the road is recommended for tasty and (relatively inexpensive) breakfasts. The Knuckles Bar and Grill underneath was also good, with great staff.Hyatt sometimes are more expensive than other chains, but a little extra cost brings comfort, relaxation, convenience and peace of mind, not to mention facilties when travelling with your family in a unfamiliar city.	
Jul 1 2006	Really enjoyed our stay	We booked the hotel through priceline for $75 a night. Upon arrival after requesting a nice room they offered an upgrade for $90 to the newly renovated top floor. We looked at both rooms and went with the hip, newly renovated one. My husband and I loved it, beautiful king bed, flat screen TV, contemporary funrnishings and a great location (if you're doing all the touristy things). Walking distance from North Beach and Fisherman's Wharf. As is the case in SF, parking was really expensive ($35 a night), but most convenient as they offer a flat rate with in-and-out services.The concierge was very helpful and recommended some very good places. Our favorite was breakfast at Pat's Cafe, a great way to start the day. Wonderful home style pancakes and waffles, free wirless internet, great service.We highly recommedn the Segway tours, a novel experience, bit pricy though. The SFMOMA is worth a visit for anyone interested in modern art. Also if you have half a day, the 49 mile drive takes you through all of San Francisco and is a great way to get the flavor of the entire city (pre-print the map - some signs have been stolen).	
Jun 6 2006	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed in a newly renovated room. The room was lovely. The bed was the best bed I ever slept in, including at home!The location is great. Fisherman’s wharf is a cute area, and the trolley stop is around the corner so you can take the trolley up to Chinatown or North Beach. Ghirardelli Square is just around the corner.The downside – Parking is $36 a day. There is no concierge floor.	
May 29 2006	Great Hotel with great service!	Fabulous room with the most comfortable bed we have ever slept on (and we're seasoned travellers!) Very nicely decorated - lovely bathroom with walk in &quot;wet-room&quot; shower, and huge mirror. Staff couldn't have been more friendly and helpful. Great facilities in the room, including wall-mounted LCD TV, and we really do need to stress just how comfortable that bed was. Nothing else has ever come close!Our two negatives were:&gt; Fishermans wharf ain't the greatest place in the world, in all honesty. The one plus of this was that there was a tram stop just around the corner which made Union Street and China Town easily accessible.&gt; The diner (&quot;Knuckles&quot;) didn't impress for breakfast - we tried it once and decided to go elsewhere from then on. Could have been a one off, but we certainly experienced better food in SF.Overall, though, we'd go back without a second thought - we really genuinely enjoyed our stay.	
May 5 2006	Just the room - no free bells and whistles - hang on to your wallet!	First let me start out by saying that we look for value when we are on vacation - we're usually looking for a place that has internet - so we can finalize the plan the next day, a complementary breakfast in the morning - nothing major - just some coffee, pastries for the kids. We have become *spoiled* I guess by great stays at Quality Inns - they have all these things and more!We stayed here for 2 nights primarily for the location - it's just a couple of blocks to the wharf! That's the BEST thing about this hotel.I'm very glad we did the Priceline thing - we were able to get the room for $92, well short of the $170 normal rate and as it turns out, the hotel did it's very best to get the rest of the money - parking is valet only ($36/day + taxes!)- there is no free internet, but for only $10/day you can access that - no complementary breakfast nor was there a coffee maker in the room! The room was nice and comfortable but very small.You just get the room! After a 2 day stay we were out about $300	
May 4 2006 	Enjoyed our stay	My son and I recently stayed at Hyatt at the wharf and it was well above average. Room size was what is to be expected in a major city downtown location. Room features, cleanliness and comfort were excellent. No view whatsoever as you would know from just a bit of research. The location is very good. Knuckles, the lobby restaurant was quite good for breakfast which is the only meal we ate there. The bar at Knuckles was staffed by some of the friendliest and best tenders and waitresses I've run into anywhere. Always check parking and restaurant prices before you book in any city. Prices at the Hyatt were what you'd expect in a location like this in a city like this. I will stay at this hotel again and would recommend to others.	
Mar 25 2006 	There are better hotels out there.	The pluses:-The hotel is in a good location if you want to stay in the Fisherman's Wharf and be close to Northbeach/Chinatown.-Excellent beds. If you need a lot of rest and not interested in being out, this is a great hotel for it. But, then again, why pay Fisherman's Wharf prices, when you can stay somewhere else with much better rates?-The rooms have recently been upgraded with very comfortable plush beds, flat screen TVs, and new fixtures. -There's a decent size lap pool and jacuzzi.-There's also a work out room and a laundry room.The negatives:-Absolutely no view. I had one of the better views on the 5th floor. I paid extra ($20/day) to upgrade so that I can view the Coit tower. When I got to the room, I realized that although I can indeed see the tower, there's a much better view of the Petco, 76, and Cost Plus Market! Their store lights prevented me from leaving my window open to see the better view in the distance.-The wireless internet is NOT free! This is SF folks! We have the most amount of free wireless in the US. Tip: I managed to use the wireless connection from the Radisson nearby for free.- Although this is supposed to be an upgraded room, the dresser bulb is missing and there's a bulb out in the bathroom. There is also no mini bar and no real desk to work in.- There are never enough towels and they are not nice towels!- The hotel guest information book is outdated and incomplete. We ordered room service and half of the menu items were no longer offered and the prices are wrong. No information in it on where amenities were (ie. pool, check out time, etc.)- If you do decide to stay here, you'll be tempted to order room service. Don't! The food is not very good and is over priced, not to mention does not come as it is described on the menu. For example, the Continental breakfast for $10.95 that comes with a basket of danishes, actually has two very very small danish (same size as a sweetener package), plus a 2 cup pot of coffee and glass of orange juice. To top it off, we were charged the new price of $16.95 plus the $2.50 delivery and the 18% service charge. The corned beef hash tasted like it came out of a can, and the baby back ribs had no BBQ sauce (as described on the menu). I've ordered room service in every hotel I've ever stayed at and understand that the prices are always exurberant, but I am more often than not satisfied with the food. Not at this Hyatt!- The elevator is located in one section and is not in the center! Some people are lucky enough to be located near it, but for most, it's going to be long trek.- Parking is $36 a night regardless if you're a guest or not. (TIP: There are free parking spaces at the end of Beach street for 4 hours maximum and near the Argonaut for max 2 hours)Overall, it's not the worse hotel you can be in. But, there are better choices out there.	
Mar 21 2006	Great location!	My sister and I stayed here for a few nights and loved it. The location was absolutely fabulous (located only one block from street car and trolley stops and two blocks from the Wharf and Pier 39). We stayed in one of the newly remodelled rooms and thought it was really nice and spacious for us. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful too. We would definitly plan on staying here again. I highly recommend getting breakfast at the Hollywood Cafe across the street. They have the best freshly squeezed orange juice! If you're in the area on the weekend, try to take the street car to the Farmer's Market at the Ferry Building...it was amazing!	
Mar 7 2006	Not bad for kids	The key to this hotel is the location. If you have kids this is a great base for exploring San Francisco. You can walk to nearby attractions or take the cable car across town.The hotel was slightly dated, as most Hyatt's are these days, but the room was nicely decorated and the linens were luxurious.Parking is expensive, but convenient.	
Jan 26 2006	Great location but nothing fancy.	My wife and I have stayed here with friends twice. Both times were average experiences. Hotels.com offered discounted rates both times we stayed. Our rooms were clean and comfortable. Each stay we had a view of the roof of an adjacent building. We decided to stay there due to proximity to the wharf and available parking. Parking is $35. May stay again, but will look for something with more ammenties.	
Dec 22 2005	Excellent location overall a great hotel	My husband and I, along with his parents and brother, stayed at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf on December 16th and had a great experience. Not only was the staff extremely friendly and welcoming, but the hotel was in an excellent location and exceeded our expectations given the extremely reasonable rate they offered on line. I had used trip advisor to narrow down our list of possible hotels and can't figure out what some of the other reviewers were referring to when they said that the rooms were dirty and not up to a 4-star rating. We found the hotel to be very clean and the beds were some of the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept in. The noise level was low and because my in-laws plane came in late that night we opted to eat at the restaurant's Bar and Grill which was reasonably priced and everyone enjoyed their meal. The restaurant offered a pretty basic menu, but all of the dishes were great and we were thrilled to be able to eat in such a convenient location given the late hour (11pm). At the suggestion of another reviewer, we caught a quick breakfast at the Sunrise Cafe across the street the next morning before heading out for a day of sightseeing. Overall, an extremely positive experience and I will definately recommend this hotel to other family and friends who come to San Francisco for a visit!	
Dec 12 2005	A real disappointment	We booked to stay for 3 nights at Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf on the understanding that this was one of the best hotels in the Fisherman's Wharf area. If this was one of the best, I dread to think what some of the others are like.In hindsight, it was a mistake to stay at Fisherman's Wharf anyway. Myself and my husband spent part of our honeymoon in San Francisco three years ago but stayed near Union Square. At the time, we seemed to be travelling down to Fisherman's Wharf a lot for Alcatraz, Pier 39 etc so it made sense just to stay down there this time. In fact, we ended up spending nearly all of our time away from there! I don't know what has happened in three years, but it seemed to feel more unsafe, more seedy, more tacky and there were certainly more beggars down there. We could hardly walk out of our hotel without getting hassled by someone, and therein lies the first problem of Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf.As for the hotel itself, that too, was extremely disappointing. The lobby was beautiful but unfortunately, not maintained well. The carpeting was filthy and all of the public areas just felt like they needed a good clean. There was a strange, musty smell that hung in the air too. I'm not a prima donna in any way and I've stayed in plenty of lower class hotels that were clean and well maintained, but this hotel just screamed 'unloved' and it is clearly ageing before its time.Our room I would call fairly basic (and certainly not 4*) but at least that was clean and I guess we spent more time in the room than public areas so it was more important for the room to be clean. However, it shouldn't have to be an either/or situation. The decor made the room feel dingy and dated even though it probably wasn't done THAT long ago. The bed was very comfortable though, and we made good use of the numerous cable channels on offer. There wasn't a coffee maker in the room but the hotel did offer complimentary coffee at a station down the corridor which was handy.We ate breakfast at the hotel's only on-site restaurant, &quot;Knuckles&quot; for convenience more than anything else. The food was ok, nothing special though. We felt it was overpriced for what it was.The staff overall were trying their best but were mainly young and inexperienced. They also weren't very forthcoming with a smile or cheery hello.On the whole, we found our whole experience at Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf very disappointing and it's for certain that if we return to San Francisco, we'll be staying neither there, or at the Fisherman's Wharf area in general.	
Oct 26 2005 	Just Ho-Hum	I stayed at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf for two nights for a conference and paid a discounted rate of $169. The staff were very friendly and efficient, but the hotel was a little on the small side and not what I expected of a 4-star rating. My room was adequate, but not particularly clean or interesting. The conference spaces felt cramped. If I had paid full price, I would have been extremely disappointed. The location is great for visiting Fisherman's Wharf. It is in walking distance of seafood restaurants, the sea lions, the ferry to Alcatraz, Ghirardelli Square, and the cable car turnaround. But once you've seen those things, there isn't much to explore. After the conference, I moved to a hotel in Union Square &amp; greatly preferred being in the heart of the city.	
Oct 13 2005	Fine for the $$	My husband and I stayed for 5 nights at the Hyatt, October 5th – 10th. I would say that yes, it defiantly is not Hyatt quality but it is not horrible like some of the reviews have read. It is in need of renovations, the carpets desperately. The staff was nice and friendly. Location was great! We booked through priceline and so were not guaranteed a specific room. I called a few days ahead of time to request a king size room, we were put in a room with 2 double beds the first night. They didn't have any king rooms available until the 2nd night so they told us to have all of our stuff packed up and they would switch us the next morning. So we went about our day and came back to a king room. I thought that was great that they accommodated our request even though nothing is guaranteed through priceline. The beds were very comfortable, one of the most comfortable hotel beds that we have ever slept on. All in all, it was a great experience; San Francisco is a amazing city. We didn't eat at the hotel due to previous reviews and we feel as though, hotels are in the hotel business, not the restaurant. We have never had a fabulous meal at a hotel so we just choose to stay away from all hotel restaurants.	
Oct 12 2005	A very convenient hotel.	We chose the Hyatt at Fishermans Wharf after much deliberation, after having read varying opinions on Trip Advisor. We are so glad we chose this hotel as it was a really enjoyable stay. We wanted to be in Fishermans Wharf area, and we were ideally placed for all the tourist spots. The hotel has a sort of faded elegance and could maybe do with a bit of general modernisation. But that said it couldn't be faulted for everything else. The staff in particular where first class, from the front desk to the room maids, everyone was so pleasant and seemed as if they enjoyed working there. The beds are the most comfortable we have ever slept on and we had more pillows than we have ever had in any other hotel ( we normally have to ask for more).We had asked for a room near to the elevator and that is what we got, on looking around the hotel we could see what other reviewers meant about the miles of corridors. They did seem as if they would be confusing.We stayed 14 nights and ate several times in Knuckles which was what it said it was (a sports bar). It got a bit too noisy for my Mother some nights but the food was good and again the staff of top quality. The hotel pool and spa area were a delight especially in a San Francisco hotel where they are scarce anyway. It was so great to come back at the end of a busy day and be able to swim or sit in the hot tub. Plenty of towels are provided at the pool so you don't have to take them from your room.We had a top class stay and would visit again in a heartbeat, Even the rate we paid was reasonable for the area.	
Oct 11 2005	Extravagant Rates and Filthy Rooms	This hotel simply has not been maintained over time. Floors ceilings and walls are all equally dirty. The room rates are stratospheric for the quality of the hotel. The restaurant features truculent staff, high prices, and mediocre food. The alleged concierge staff were utterly clueless. Try the Hyatt Regency not too far away if you like this chain.	
Oct 9 2005	In desperate need of renovation	DIRTY CARPETS! Filthy carpets. Disgusting carpets. I can't describe how dirty they are in the corridors, and even worse in the rooms. Worn out furniture, mould on the bathroom countertop, dirty wallpaper and a general lack of thorough cleaning on doors, vanities, and furniture. Did I mention dirty carpets? We actually put the duvet covers on the floor to walk on them.I called the front desk to ask for a new room. They told me that a room would be ready the next morning and offered to move my stuff for me. I had my wife and 2 kids with me, and the move would be a bit of a pain a day later(plus I got a glimpse into the rooms beign cleaned on my floor - same condition - same nasty carpets). THe front desk clerk told me that on my next visit, things would be different because they were planning to update the rooms in November 2005. This property reminds me of a typical Hilton: outdated, worn out, and yes the rooms do smell musty.As for location, Fisherman's Wharf reminds me of Niagara Falls. You decide if that is a good or bad thing.	
Sep 20 2005 	not Hyatt quality	A hotel chain's reputation is the primary method many travelers use to decide where to stay. I've always rated Hyatts above Holiday Inns, but after my experience at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf, I'm changing my mind.Checking in involved a long wait at the desk, followed by schelpping my bags to my room myself when it became obvious the bell staff was completely overwhelmed. (I had to do the same when checking out).Big city hotels love to nickle and dime you for every extra they can pad your bill with. If I stay at a Holiday Inn, I get free high-speed internet and free parking. At the Hyatt, T-Mobile wireless access was offered for $10/night and parking was $45/night. 3 of the hotel's 4 elevators don't stop at the lobby level, only the stair accessed lower level. Waiting for the one elevator that does stop at lobby level took up to 10 minutes.There's no real &quot;hotel restaurant&quot;, just a lobby level sports bar with more TVs than entree choices. Avoid at all costs, and find your food at any of the many nearby restaurants.	
Sep 17 2005	Good base to explore	The hotel is in the ideal spot to explore the areas of San Francisco. The areas of North Beach and Chinatown are only about 10 mins walk away with excellent choice of restaurants. Union Square is a little further but best option is to use the cable car ($5 single) As previous comments - the hotel is clean, functional and tidy - we stayed in a double room which was big enough for two. There are no coffee facillities in the room, but is available free between 0630-0900 every morning. (Ours was in a set out area on the fourth floor around from our room)Didn't try Knuckles sport bar attached to hotel, but did try 'Cafe Pescatore' -one block away on the same road as the hotel. Excellent breakfasts and would recommend	
Aug 30 2005	More like a Motel 6 than Hyatt	We were there for 9 nights. The hotel smelled musty the rooms where small.The shets would comeuntucked and end up in a bunch in the middle of the bed EVERY night (too Small?!!!)There was no concierge It was just not what I would expect from Hyatt	
Aug 30 2005	Good location.The hotel does the job.	My family and I have just returned from a holiday to San Francisco. I was a bit worried about staying at this hotel due to the previous reviews. The hotel is in an excellent location which is very quiet. It is very close to Fishermans Wharf and next to the cable car route. Yes the rooms are clean and nice without being outstanding and with no view but the hotel does the job. When in San Francisco you are out 99% of the time seeing the sights and eating out so the hotel is just a base.I would not have wanted to stay near Union Square. This is noisy and like any other city centre place. Also you would always have to travel further distances to get anywhere.	
Aug 11 2005	OK hotel theres probably better.	We stayed here on the Forth of July after making a reservation with our Hyatt Points months in advance. I heard that the rate was up to $200+ for the night we stayed. We arrived way before the check in time but they had a room for us. When we first checked in for our non-smoking room, we were unpleased to find that the room they had given us was smelling of stale smoke. I went down and they changed our room to one without the smell of smoke. I didn't like the fact that getting to the elevator from our room seemed like a 5-minute walk through confusing corridors. The rooms are not all that big and ours had a view of the roof. We did check out and use the outdoor pool and whirlpool which was nice before we went to go see the fireworks. The fitness room was average but had a sauna which was a plus. The location is mostly up to your preference. We didn't find Fisherman's Warf to be all that great because it was mostly full of tourist traps and was a little creepy at night. The location is about 2-3 blocks in from the Warf. We stayed here on our last night in the city, but the other 2 nights were spent at the Hyatt Regency down at the Embarcado. We found this a less tacky, less crowded place to spend our time. If you do stay Fishermans Warf, check out the Argonaut Hotel or even the Best Western (dont knock it just because it's a BW, because it looked quite nice). If youve got any questions, dont hesitate to email me.	
Jul 20 2005	Good location	We stayed at the Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf from July 3rd thru July 5th. The location was great for all wharf activities such as Alacatraz, Pier 39, City Tour and the 4th of July Fireworks. We had a run in with the hotel personnel regarding our reservation request for a rollaway bed. When we checked in they said that they would send the rollaway right up. We waited for a bit and it did not arrive. My husband called and was now told that they could not put a rollaway in a room with 2 double beds. He told them that they accepted the reservation that way and that I had called to be sure and was told no problem. We were again told they would send it up. We went out for several hours and when we returned the rollaway was still not there. My husband, now angry called and spoke to the manager and after a bit of an argument they finally sent one up. The hotel also only offers valet parking at $32 per day so be weary of that. We never used the car while in San Francisco but needed it for the remainder of our California adventure. The pool and hot tub area is very windy and cool so bring a parka to put on when you get out.	
Jul 12 2005	Loved this hotel!	Thought this hotel was the perfect location for visiting the wharf. The staff were friendly and helpful and the rooms were clean with the most comfortable beds! The bathroom was roomy and clean and the pool was great!	
Jun 28 2005	loved the hyatt---close to everything	just got back from the hyatt at fisherman's wharf---we were there for 3 nights &amp; 4 days---a very nice hotel--thought the room was plenty big--the service was excellent---didn't eat at &quot;knuckles&quot; restaurant, heard negative reviews, and was way too pricy!!!---the main downside of the hotel was no coffee in the room--you have to go to another floor for coffee--and while the bathroom is really big, there is no separate vanity outside of the bathroom-----walking distance to just about everything---and the little cafe(hollywood cafe) right across the street had excellent breakfast (very fresh squeezed orange juice)--excellent food and very nice service. the hyatt also provides a free newspaper every day, which was nice!!---but we couldn't find any brochures of things to do in the lobby, which was unusual-----all in all, we had a fabulous 4 days!!	
Jun 28 2005	Disappointing property - NOT 4*	Location is good if you're a &quot;walker&quot;. Meaning you could wake in the mornings, or walk after dinner, and walk out to Pier 39 or to Ghiradelli Square. But the property itself? Disappointing. The hotel is understaffed; the rooms are old and small ( I was supposed to have a pool view - wound up looking out at the roof over the restaurant); the valet &quot;service&quot; (?) was very slow; and worst of all was that the concierge service is severely lacking! (slow and VERY limited hours). The concierge leaves at 5pm (just when you're starting to think about dinner), and the front desk's idea of giving me a restaurant recommendation was to hand me the San Francisco Zagat's! Not what I expected of the Hyatt name -- the reason I booked this property. I would not recommend this property and I personally won't stay here again.	
Jun 23 2005	Great Service but definetly NOT 4-Star	The Hyatt at Fisherman's Wharf is not a bad place to stay. The pictures that I saw on the website and the room we got were quite different. When we first arrived, they checked us into a smoking room. I specifically requested *non-smoking* room. We called up the front desk and they gladly put us into a non-smoking room. The room was tiny and did not in any way resemble a 4-star hotel. I've stayed in 2-star hotels that were nicer than this. The room seemed somewhat gloomy and depressing. Another thing, valet parking was $35 per night, this is not mentioned anywhere on the website.However, there were some really good things about this hotel: it was only 3 blocks from pier 39, the service was *really* fantastic. Overall: Its an 2-star hotel with a 4-star name and 4-star price.	
Jun 12 2005 	Great Location	I don't care what anyone else says - I really liked this hotel! My partner and I found it clean and the staff were friendly and very nice. We really liked the location. Some people think the whole fisherman's wharf area is tasteless and tacky - it is, but that's what we come for. Complaining about the food is a waste of time since we only had to walk two blocks to some great italian and seafood restaurants. We never felt unsafe on the street at night either. It was also a great location as it was a short walk to either the cable car or the trolley to go anywhere else in town (even though we did walk just about all over the city) We stayed 6 nights - admittedly 3 of those nights were paid for by work as we were there for a conference, but we thought the price was ok. The food at the conference was spectacular by the way. In all, I would go back there in a second - I loved it.	
May 18 2005	I Don't Understand Everyone's Complaints.......I loved it!!	I just returned from a stay at this Hyatt. I am from Evansville, IN. My sister and I stayed for six nights May 10th-16th. We thought the rooms were exceptionally clean and very roomy. We stayed in Room 244 (double/double). I definitely encourage anyone going to San Francisco to get out and see the city and eat at the local restaurants at Fisherman's Wharf..Knuckles wasn't anything to do cartwheels over. We were pleased with the attentiveness and friendliness of the hotel staff! The gentlemen working valet were exceptionally quick and very friendly.The only drawback to the room was the air conditioning. I wasn't comfortable sleeping with the window open and the a/c never cooled below 72 degrees. I didn't complain about the issue though so the hotel was aware...perhaps it was just our room. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to the San Francisco Fisherman's Wharf area. It is centrally located to just about everything that you would want to see.	
May 18 2005	Good value great location!	This hotel is great for seeing the sights in San Francisco. It is just a couple of blocks from the Wharf and within a short walk of two cable car routes. The rooms are very clean and comfortable and the service is traditional Hyatt: very friendly and EVERY member of the staff ready and willing to help.If you drive, parking is cheaper than downtown hotels, and it's a lot easier to get in and out of the city.	
May 16 2005	OK...	Spent 8 nights at the hotel for our Wedding Anniversary last week. The Major positive was the location, as it's close to everything the city has to offer. We had an inside pool view that was small in size, but mostly quiet. Oddly, the hotel promotes Starbucks as their Coffee Brand, but the Complimentary Coffee provided every morning is DEFINITELY not. Althought it is served in Coffee Urns with the Starbucks Logo on the pour spigots?!?!?!The Valet/Bellservice was very prompt and accommodating, the Front Desk and Concierege Service was average at best. Even basic directions seemed to stump the PM Desk Clerk. (however they did smile and greet guests warmly on most of our comings and goings.)My biggest warning would be the restaurant, Knuckles. WOW what a pitiful excuse for a Hotel F&amp;B Outlet! There was never a Host at the door to seat patrons, food servers had to notice a new table that needed service (which rarely happened) and the food was mediocore at best. We finally stopped using the facility after walking out on the 4th time we tried to have breakfast. No one will allow you to order off the menu since they pour coffee and walk away. The Buffet is your only option according to the Service Staff by their actions. As East Coaters, we were up by 7 am everyday, and they just couldn't accommodate guests/get it together that early. There was never a HOST or MANAGER in the Restaurant during any of our visits. I guess Hyatt is OK with Auto piloted restaurants. At an average 2 person breakfast at over $30, this doesn't fly with us.If I had it to do over again, I would have paid $20 more per night and stayed at the Marriott 2 blocks down. We had a few meals there, it it seemed much more &quot;managed&quot; than the Hyatt.Just thought any traveler considering a vacation on the Wharf should know... Happy Travels :-)If it helps, we are a DINK couple in our Mid 30's...	
Feb 15 2005 	Don't Stay Here	I stayed here in Feburary while traveling on business. It was awful. Very dirty.Staff tried but not much you can do when the rooms are run down and dirty. In my opinion, this property gives Hyatt a bad name.	
Jan 18 2005	very disappointing	Stayed here in August 2004. We were very disappointed. The rooms, although quite reasonably priced, were very basic and nothing special at all. It is in a good situation if you want to visit Fisherman's Wharf but that, itself, we found tacky in the extreme. We also suffered a fire alarm alert in the middle of the night complete with an evacuation of the hotel to find out that a member of staff had set if off by &quot;cooking too much bacon&quot;! This fact relayed to a lift full of disgruntled guests by the culprit herself in a very cheery and not at all guilty fashion! On reflection I would suggest that people pay that little bit extra and stay near Union Square. You can get to Fisherman's Wharf easily on the trams but it's not really a place you want to dwell on. Don't miss the tour of Alcatraz though - it's brilliant!	
Jan 1 2005	Good location and Service	We stayed over Xmas week. Got a good deal with AAA discount – including daily free breakfast for two and ½-off kids. For us, the hotel was in a good location. If you don’t want to be near the tourist stuff, then find another place. It was far enough from the main Wharf area ( I would not recommend staying on the wharf directly – very noisy), but close enough to walk. Also close to cable cars and local buses. Don’t plan on parking a car there though - $34/night. You really don’t need a car for anything in SF, as the public transportation is very good. There is no free internet service, which was a bit disappointing. Our room was a bit of a hike from the elevator, but it was *very* quiet – facing the inside of the hotel. The staff was very courteous and helpful.The rooms are not huge, but OK for two people. I would stay there again.	
Dec 23 2004	OK	The restaurant, Knuckles, was great. Except for that? Ugh. Room was nothing special. Took forever to follow the maze of halls to find my room, which overlooked a gas station. Really not that great of a place.	
Dec 10 2004	Stay away from the street	My sister and I stayed in this hotel for two nights. Unfortunately is was during a protest outside the Holiday Inn across the road - but the 6am til 11pm mega phone brigade could be heard loud and clear from our street facing room 7 stories up. However, the hotel is within walking distance of Pier 39, Ghiradelli Centre and the Cannery but we always returned to the hotel before dark because the streets were full of unsavory characters. THe room was lovely, what we expected for the Hyatt hotel and Hyatt price tag.	
Dec 8 2004	Not worth the price...	I selected this hotel for the big name Hyatt but I am very disappointed with the 3 days stay. The room is small and hard to move about, even for just two persons. We were at first given a room so far away from the lift, making many turns like a maze. Only after our humble request, we then given a room just next to the lift, it was available in the first place. The bath room lack of many standart stuff, so you must bring along with your shower cap. I wish for a bigger room and free use of internet, you have to pay for $10 per day for wifi usage (still with some problem sending email). I will personally feels that this is not a good place to stay, price is higher for this big name but you are getting much different.	
Nov 15 2004	So So	My new hubby and I stayed here on our Honeymoon. The staff was informed ahead of time that we were celebrating this special occasion in their hotel, yet they gave us a room with 2 double beds instead of the requested King. They didn't make much of an effort to correct the problem; said they 'might' be able to move us to another room the next day. The rooms were in dire need of an overhaul; not what we expected from a Hyatt. But the Concierge was very helpful and the location was convenient to the Fisherman's Wharf area.	
Sep 22 2004	Great location nice hotel	We stayed here for four nights during our honeymoon. The people at the front desk were so nice to us, and congratulated us numerous times on getting married! The room was very nice. It was on the smaller side, but we spent most of our day seeing the city so it didn't bother us. The room was kept clean, the bed was comfortable, and the hotel was quiet.The front desk staff were great. They gave us tips on what to see and do. We got a great price on this hotel through priceline ($60/night) and we were treated just like everyone else. I was very pleased and would stay here again. You're close enough to the Wharf to see everything, but it's easy to get to anywhere in the city from the Hyatt's location.	
Sep 4 2004	Good location nice room helpful staff.		
Aug 4 2004	OK hotel tacky area		
Jun 30 2004	Good hotel		
Feb 22 2004	Hyatt Fisherman's Wharf = Clean Friendly - slightly above average		
Jan 14 2004	Great Area-Even Better Hotel		
Jan 4 2004	FW Hyatt OK!		
Sep 30 2003	OK hotel in a tacky touristy location		
Aug 13 2003	Great Location!!		
Jul 24 2003	Very nice hotel excellent location		
Mar 23 2003	Not the worst hotel I've ever stayed at but...		
Oct 8 2009 	médiocre		
Sep 21 2009 	????????		
May 1 2009 	Super Hotel - frisch renoviert		
Nov 19 2008	a eviter		
Nov 2 2008 	Un super compromis		
Aug 27 2008 	parfait		
Aug 30 2007 	Bell'hotel personale e organizzazione pessimi		
Jun 8 2007 	Ein tolles Hotel		
