Nov 20 2009 	great funky hotel whether you are or aren't on a budget	I travel almost twice a month internationally and have stayed in everything from the mondrian in miami to the four seasons in paris and I thought the vertigo was a great boutique hotel with all the amenities you need without the cost. The bathrooms were brand spanking new, the linen beautiful and I loved the little art deco touches in the mirrors and the hors lamps. State of the art appliances and great size rooms. The staff were helpful and friendly even recommending a shuttle bus as a cost saver rather than a taxi. I would definitely stay here again, and wish that personality hotels were located in other locations and not just san fran! Well done to the owners and managers!	
Nov 16 2009 	ok i guess	this was my first time in san francisco. booked the hotel 2 days prior to checking which is a bit late as it is a weekend. all the other hotels were fully-booked. paid 120 dollars a night for a non-renovated room. a bit overpriced considering what the room looks like. ok location i guess, walking distance to union square in sutter street. i was told that it is just bout the right price i paid for that room, after all it is san francisco and san fancisco is very expensive! honestly, i don't know why coz the gold rush has long been finished! lol. i guess if u compare it to the other hotels round the area which is way more overpriced, the rate is decent enough. i guess	
Nov 14 2009	This was a great hotel for Mother/Daughter visit	We loved this hotel! The decor was really great considering it is cloudy in the morning. The orange curtains made the room bright and cheery. The staff was very helpful and friendly and professional.We would stay here again.It was in a safe area for two women and not far to catch a bus to the wharf. Plenty of restaurants and coffee shops for a quick bite or meal.They had over booked ,which caused no problems to us .They gave us two adjoining rooms which was perfect.	
Nov 12 2009 	Lovely hotel in a great location	We stayed for 10 nights in September, I shared a renovated delux double with my sister (6th floor) and our 80 year old father stayed in an unrenovated room. Dad was happy in his room but I found it did smell a bit. The renovated room was fantastic, huge, well presented with very comfortable beds. We were overlooking the street and had no problem with noise even with leaving the windows open at night. The location was brilliant, we were out all hours of the day and night, not once did we feel unsafe. There are great cafes all around and a pizza shop near by (perfect for mid-night munchies). The hotel is only 5 blocks from Union Square and even dad who has limited mobility managed the walk, there was also excellent public transport near-by.We found the staff extremely helpful and friendly. Nothing was too much trouble and they gave us lots of little tips about where to go (or not go) and what to do.We had such a lovely experience that dad (who has only been overseas once before) is already planning another trip and wants to stay at Hotel Vertigo again.	
Oct 29 2009 	Very nice hotel	very nice and clean hotel close to eating places only a nice 10 minute walk to the square,and 15 mins to the market . i would stay there again.Only bad thing is there is no kettle in the rooms.	
Oct 27 2009 	Excellent Hotel and good location	My husband and I stayed here for 6 nights in a renovated delux king room and it was fab. The room was a really nice size, the bed was really comfy and the rainhead shower was great and we had a fridge! We found the location excellent as you only had to walk 5 blocks and you were in union square and 2/3 blocks to the cable cars. We also had a rental car so it had to be valet parked which with tax cost almost $40 which seemed expensive but in comparison to other hotels was actually pretty reasonable. Only complaint really would be the lift, its small and slow but only cause we were too lazy to walk to the 7th floor after all the hills! The other thing is there is no air con but there is a ceiling fan and you can open the window..They provide coffee in the morning in the lobby and there's a couple of good wee restaurants up the road (Hans) for breakfast.Gregory at reception was excellent and really friendly but some of the female reception staff are a bit grumpy but helpful all the same.Overall I would stay here again and we got what was described to us in our booking which was perfect.	
Oct 8 2009 	Over rated	First of all the Hotel stated it's in Knob Hill but more like the Tenderloin district. Room was small but served it's purpose. Didn't have air which most hotels in San Francisco don't but when you need it you wanted it. Slept with the windows open until someone got a little carried away with sounds of passion and down came the windows. Very small elevator. Served coffee in the morning but would have been nice to see a danish or fruit. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Would I stay there again? No, because of the location. Might be a bit too modern for some.	
Oct 7 2009 	Very Thin Walls Noisy Bathroom Ventilator Average Location Nice Staff	I really don't have an idea about the new renovated rooms. May be they are in much better condition. I should also add from the beggining that the hotel staff were really nice. However, the unrenovated rooms had a very very big noise problem. I didn't care about it much but I wanted to share with the others. The walls were the thinnest I have ever seen. I am not a person with sleeping problems and at the end of the day I did sleep but I wanted to warn those people who might be intolerable to noise going to sleep -so much that I had my first comment on Tripadvisor. In addition to the thin walls which enabled you to have an opinion about what your neighboors were chatting about the noise continued with the bathroom ventilator. The bahtroom ventilator was again the most noisy ventilator I have ever seen. I prefered not to turn on the lights when using the bahtroom.	
Sep 27 2009 	Watch out	Stayed in this hotel for two nights for business. I and had a reservation, which turned out to be in a non-renovated room. This was not apparent until check-in, but as there were no other rooms available, I went ahead and took this room. Big mistake. The room was old, smelly, and dilapidated. I'm the opposite of a diva and thought I would just stick it out for the night. Well, around 3am, there was a sudden noise in the bathroom and when I investigated, I found that there was water all over the floor and literally buckets of water were continuously leaking through the ceiling. The maintenance personel told me that the leak was from someone upstairs. Of couse!! But of more concern was that fact that I had to ask for another room, they wanted me to just stay in that room all night. They gave me another dilapidated non-renovated room around 4am. It wasn't until the next monring, when I told them that I was very disappointed and wanted to check out and go to another hotel, did they put me in a renovated room-although I wouldn't really call it a room, particularly since the bed was a sofa bed!! Anyway, the bottom line is that the renovated rooms may be nice, but don't think that the non-renovated rooms are just standard rooms. They are dilapidated and disgusting. Basically, I'd look elsewhere for a hotel in the union square area next time.	
Sep 13 2009 	A Fine Hotel in a Great Location WIth Helpful Staff	Before I went, I had been told this hotel was well-located and reasonably priced, but that the staff were snooty and that spoiled people's stays.I found the first two to be true - 10 minutes walk to Union Square, five minutes to the cable cars, less than 30 to Lombard Street if you fancy a stroll - but not the latter as the staff behind the front desk were always willing to help when I needed directiosn or travel tips.I stayed in one of the unnrenovated rooms to save money, but you wouldn't know it as it looked a lot newer and cleaner than many hotels I have stayed in. There wasn't much of a view I will admit, but yoou don't come on holiday to San Francisco to stare out of the window all day do you!	
Sep 5 2009 	Above average three star hotel well located with 'history'	Very nice hotel, well positioned for walking round the city but also maybe a tiny bit off the beaten track - the coffee shops and bars nearby felt local rather than touristy. It does trade on it's &quot;historic staircase&quot; and it's almost a shame they've re-named it after the film (which does play in the lobby sometimes). However, the the rooms are modern and well appointed. Any Brits might find the colour scheme reminiscent of one of our low cost airlines ... but whilst they do use orange and white it's no where near as in your face as Easyjet (in fact I didn't notice until it was pointed out).Free wifi, coffee in lobby in morning (plenty of places for breakfast nearby) friendly staff make this a very nice place to stay in San Fran. Recommended - price wise it obviously varies, but we would see this as a very decent  &quot;three and a half&quot; star hotel, probably just shy of four star as the rooms aren't huge and it doesn't have a gym or a pool. 	
Sep 1 2009 	Clean and comfy close to town.	My partner and I stayed here for 4 nights in early august this year, and we were thoroughly impressed by the hotel vertigo. The room was large, comfy and well equipped, having tv, fridge, desk, safe, closet, iron etc. One night, our bathroom door jammed at about 3am and the handyman was there within 5 mins to fix the lock. The whole hotel was clean and tidy, and the lobby welcoming (although there was one female member of staff who we couldn't get a smile out of!) Coffee in the morning was ok, though I would have liked real milk on offer as well as non-dairy creamer. Location was excellent, being really close to downtown and easily walkable to nice bars, restaurants etc. Really good value for the price, we'd recommend it for a quality short stay.	
Aug 23 2009 	I love Hotel Vertigo!	The hotel really lived up to my expectations. Firstly, the room actually looked exactly as the picture did on the internet. Secondly, the front desk staff where excellent and very helpful, one of them even suggested a great take out place and offered to go and get it for us, which I thought was pretty good as far as extra service goes. The location was great, just a short walk to Union Square shopping and Sutter Street itself has lots of things worth looking at (check out Minx bar just down the street). As far as value goes I dont have any issues, in fact for the price, I was kind of surprised. As I booked on line I got a bit of discount - the only downside of that is that I knew that if I canceled my booking I was not going to get a refund, but the website explained that very well, so I knew what I was in for. I would recommend this hotel to anyone - I had a great time in SF and the hotel definitely added to the whole experience.	
Aug 7 2009 	Groovy hotel in a great location	I loved the Hotel Vertigo! We stayed in a recently renovated room and it was decorated with just the right amount of kitsch and comfort. The orange/white/brown color scheme was really cute. Our bed was really comfortable, and our window overlooked a little courtyard which really felt like an oasis away from the city streets. AND they had free wi-fi which you don't typically get in an upscale hotel. The desk area was great, and there is also a little fridge in the room.The location was PERFECT. We were no more than a 2 mile walk from almost everywhere we wanted to visit. Chinatown and Union Square were a 10 minute walk, even the Fisherman's Wharf area would have been about a 2-2.5 mile walk. Breakfast, coffee, and restaurants are right outside your door, too. The staff was really nice and the price was very reasonable. The area felt safe. I would love to stay here again!	
Aug 7 2009 	Quite simply: Do it!	An overall comfy, design-nerd-y, fun place to stay that's walking distance from everything. Highly recommend getting the parking package: We never worried about where to park, and pretty much always had our car in 20 minutes. We'll definitely return either here or the Hotel Diva.	
Aug 6 2009 	Brilliant experience!	Three nights here were just brilliant. The hotel is in the process of being fully renovated and re-fitted and fortunately we had booked one of the new rooms. Worth every penny and we got some great prices on their website direct. There are some great little café’s and bars in close proximity and there is a little store almost next door to get supplies. The café over the road does a good little breakfast but is more expensive than the place on the corner as you head into town. The hotel is really well fitted out with all the mod cons and the beds are lovely and comfortable. Wonderful experience and the front desk staff are brilliant.	
Jul 28 2009 	Affordable hotel with a lot of character and history	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights while visiting San Fran for a business trip. We really enjoyed the hotel. The rooms had a lot of character, the bed was very comfortable and they provided free wifi. The hotel was recently renovated so everything in our room was clean and fresh. There is no central A/C for even in July, San Fran was cool and only around 65-70 during the hottest part of the day. We actually had to turn on the in room heater over night!!The hotel is close to a lot of things in town. We walked to breakfast and out for drinks many times and even walked back from the Fort Mason Festival area near the beach with out any trouble. I hope to stay here again on our next trip to San Fran! The hotel management is also on Twitter as @personalityhtls and I recommend connecting with them. They are super nice!	
Jul 21 2009	Safe and clean hotel in San Francisco.	I was looking for a clean, safe and reasonably priced hotel for a good night's sleep in San Francisco. Hotel Vertigo fit this description perfectly.It was a few blocks up and across from Powell st BART station (the Bay Area Transit System) that is the train from the airport, but close enough to walk. There was no need for airconditioning- San Francisco doesn't seem to need it! I asked for a room not facing Sutter St and instead got a fantastic view of an internal courtyard.The room was spotless, local phone calls were only 50 cents and an ipod dock and flatscreen made the stay comfortable, as well as the beautifully comfortable bed and lovely shower facilities.Staff are extremely helpful and friendly.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Location Great Rooms Great Price	The lobby was understated and elegant, but still modern. Busts of animals and people provided quirky decoration pieces as well as an enormous wooden table. There was ambient music playing which bounced of the walls and into my cerebellum instantly putting me at ease. We had a renovated room on the fifth floor with a great view of the interesting street below as well as high rises in the distance. The beds were like heaven and the decor was splendid. The burnt orange/white/brown theme really worked well and I particularly enjoyed the vertigo inspired swirly art work which was placed at three different levels. I kept the window open throughout the night just so I could hear the sounds of San Francisco below. The room was also generously spacey considering how small it could have been. The free internet was a definite plus as well as the large bottle of Voss water. The bathroom was small, but the new fixtures were sleek and effective in providing a mood of modern simplicity. They are so simplistic in fact that I had to call the front desk to figure out how to switch the shower on. They immediately sent someone up to show me how it was done and I couldn't help but laugh once the bellman showed that you pulled on the faucet itself to switch on the shower. He said that many people have the same question, so I didn't feel so clueless. When we got hungry, all we had to do was walk a few feet to a pizza parlor which had delicious slices of cheesy decadence. Next to that, there was a cafe where I indulged in a Nutella and banana croissant for breakfast. (which was DELICIOUS, though a bit pricey). When we had to leave after our one night stay, the entire family wished we could have stayed in San Francisco for just one more night at Hotel Vertigo. Luckily for us, we received a coupon upon checkout for our next stay at a Personality hotel for a free upgrade. Can't wait to return to our new favorite city and experience a different personality because if they are anything like this one, I'm anxious to meet the others.	
Jul 13 2009 	I felt like home	Hotel rooms are renovated modern with a lots of very nice details.Drapes , light and bedding are well sought and create really comfortable room ambiance. Personnel helpful and friendly.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great value	During a three-week USA holiday, we booked into Hotel Vertigo for two nights after seeing some cheap rates online. As the rates were so cheap we weren't expecting much, so were pleasantly surprised when we arrived.The hotel was undergoing renovations, so the lobby was much more impressive than our unrenovated room. The rooms themselves were small and dated, but never felt claustrophobic or inhospitable. We were very comfy there.The staff were extremely helpful - we arrived before check-in time and they were more than happy to take our bags and put our car into the valet service. The front receptionist was also more than accommodating with maps and directions. At one point the hotel's manager found us flicking through one of the coffee table books in the lobby and gave us an extra copy. Whilst never expected, it's nice to know that a hotel manager cares about his guests.The hotel doesn't have any restaurants, but it has complimentary tea and coffee before 10am which we utilised. There is also a computer with Internet access in the reception which was at a much cheaper rate than other places we stayed.We had no trouble with the location - it's a bit of a walk down to the major tourist destinations, but nothing too strenuous.Overall we were very happy with our stay, especially for the rate we paid.	
Jul 6 2009 	A decent hotel within walking distance of Union Square Market St and Powell cable car etc	This hotel has only recently acquired the name &quot;Vertigo&quot; as its new owners are giving it a facelift and celebrating its part in the 1958 film of the same name. We were staying at another hotel in the area, and initially just called at the Vertigo to visit the lobby and see this piece of movie history. The staff were very welcoming and we were impressed with the hotel so decided to stay for one night. Our stay was so comfortable that we extended for a second night.The hotel had almost completed its renovation and we had a very pleasant renovated room on the seventh floor. It was nice to stay in a hotel where all the fixtures and fittings were new or renovated and yet the building had retained many of its original features. The beds were really comfy, excellent mattresses, new quilts and linen. The curtains and carpets were new too. The room was well equipped: large flat screen TV, IPod docking station, ironing board etc. and everything worked and was perfectly clean. In the lobby free coffee was available in the morning and an internet workstation was available at a modest price. The visitors' book was full of favourable comments. We enjoyed our stay and would stay again without hesitation. We visited several movie locations in San Francisco, if you are interested contact me [--]	
Jul 5 2009 	Nice boutique hotel good location friendly staff.	We spent 4 nights at Vertigo Hotel. Had a pleasant stay there, would recommend it: nice design, recently renovated rooms, clean, quiet at night, friendly staff, good location, complimentary wifi, good overall quality/price.	
Jun 26 2009 	Advice to staff - smile it costs nothing!	We had been moving around America for nearly a month, and finished our trip at the Vertigo in SF. We started our trip in SF at the Diva, which is part of the same group, Personality Hotels. We liked the Diva (see review) better than the Vertigo.After close on a month travelling, we had tons of baggage. As we got out of the taxi at the hotel, there was no bellhop in sight, and we noticed the receptionist calmly watching us through the large glass windows at the front of the hotel as we struggled with all of our bags. She didn't lift a finger to help, or as far as we could see, lift a finger to call someone else to help, so we lugged everything in ourselves. Not a great start.I went to check in and it didn't get much better. The demeanour of the receptionist was awful. She did her job like she had just got news her grandmother had died. Advice to the staff – if you are that miserable in your job, change job. Also, smiling is free – try it sometime. We dealt with 3 receptionists during our stay, and 2 were just miserable and one was lukewarm at best. The bellhop eventually made an appearance, and he was barely more friendly and enthusiastic than the receptionist. What a terrible contrast with the staff at the Diva, who were all bouncy, friendly, energetic and clearly actually enjoyed their job.The lobby is under construction in that they are building a new reception desk. We found it a little cold both literally and figuratively, although some may love the décor. There was one lift, so you might have to wait a while. It seemed to move painfully slowly. A hint for when you check in – there is a room right next to the lift shaft. Suggest you specifically avoid that room becuase of the noise from the old lift.Our room was fine. It was more spacious than the one we had at the Diva, which was important with all of the baggage we had. It was at the back of the hotel and so was very peaceful. The room has a nice style and décor, a mix of orange and white. The bathroom was a decent size, and the closet was not too bad. The aircon unit was small but probably OK for SF's climate.We got the room at a discount price, and the hotel is fairly well located for the city and its attractions, although it is a little bit further out than the Diva. Breakfast was not included, although there was free coffee 24/7 in the lobby. There is a also a PC with internet access in the lobby, although they expect you to pay a fee.All in all not the greatest experience as far as the staff go, but the hotel itself was OK and priced attractively. A word of warning - it is located on the edge of a fairly dodgy area full of derelicts, alcoholics, junkies etc. Be prepared to be hassled on a fairly regular basis by these people, although generally not in a threatening way. If you are going to the theatre district choose your route carefully - my advice is don't take a direct route as it will take you through a pretty scary area. We felt physically at risk because of the people around us, and we couldn't get out of there quickly enough.	
Jun 21 2009 	Mutton dressed as lamb	Like the main character of the Hitchcock film of the same name, Hotel Vertigo is not quite what it appears to be. Positioning itself as a hip boutique hotel and trading on the fact that it was used as one of the locations in the film Vertigo, the reality is that the hotel is far from living up to its image. We stayed in room 703 - the showroom according to the friendly concierge - on the top floor. The disappointments began with check-in when we were greeted by a disinterested receptionist in a lobby under construction. Now it's true they were only building a new front desk but the effect was not very nice. After check-in, it was into an elevator which hadn't been touched since the 70s and was all scratched brass and plastic laminate. Arriving in the room, we were greeted by the smell of a hospital-type deodorizer and cheap synthetic carpet which never quite dissipated despite leaving the windows wide open for hours on end. The furnishings in the room were pleasant enough and the bed large and comfortable.The bath, however, was a major disappointment. Really just an old fashioned hotel bathroom with a few new fixtures which were already showing signs of wear (it was impossible to turn off the water in the bath and the coat hook on the door would just spin around and around). The walls and woodwork throughout had just been plastered over with another layer of paint making the room feel cheap and run-down despite the attempt to spruce the place up. Now these may seem like small details but at the price and for all the claims of being the latest &quot;boutique&quot; hotel in town, they were disturbing. The final nail in the coffin is that the hotel is situated just above the Tenderloin district so that if you leave the hotel in any direction but one, you end up surrounded by junkies, drug dealers and San Francisco's perennial homeless population. We were too lazy to change hotels for such a short stay, but I would guess that by spending a bit more you could find a place that is comfortable at being what it is and not trying to pull the wool over anyone's eyes.	
Jun 11 2009 	A classic SF experience	We found this hotel through Tripadvisor and booked a renovated room for 3 nights. As I read the reviews, we were well aware of some ongoing renovations, but these didn't bother us at all during our stay. The room was exactly as expected, with its retro design features. But although it was only renovated a few months ago, some furniture pieces (desk chair, desk drawer, shower arm...) already showed some minor defects. The bed, on the other hand, was wonderful, so the jetlag was soon forgotten.The reception was really helpful when inquiring about the restaurants in the neighbourhood. In the morning you could start the day with some freshly served coffee or tea in the lobby, while watching a Hitchcock classic on the flat screen TV.We thought the hotel had a really relaxed and offbeat feel, similar to the city and that was what we were looking for!	
Jun 6 2009 	Great name good enough hotel	This is a good hotel in a good location (15-minute walk from Union Square, and about 20-25 from Grace Cathedral). The Hitchcock connections are everywhere, from the loops of &quot;Vertigo&quot; and &quot;Rear Window&quot; to the thank-you note from Kim Novak in the lobby. The front desk staff can tell you where the main landmarks, buildings, and streets in &quot;Vertigo&quot; are.Since I was only going to be in the city for a few days and wasn't planning to spend much time in the room, I reserved one that hadn't been refurbished. There was no fridge or microwave (which might matter if you like to bring food back from restaurants), and the fan in the bathroom was really loud--loud enough to drown out the television or radio in the bedroom. If I had been sharing the room, this would have been very annoying. I ended up not turning on the bathroom light if at all possible. The bathroom fixtures had seen better days (I couldn't get the faucet in the tub to stop dripping, but the housekeeper could), and there were old stains on the rug, but in an old hotel these things are to be expected. The linens and towels were spotless, the bed was firm and comfortable, and I don't have any complaints about the housekeeping service or the front desk staff; there wasn't a question about the hotel or the city that they couldn't answer. In the morning, tea and coffee were available in the lobby. The restaurant that is advertised on the hotel web site isn't open yet, but there are plenty of restaurants, internet coffee shops, convenience stores and bars up and down Sutter Street, so there is no reason to go hungry. I didn't use the hotel wi-fi; I had mobile broadband, but the connection could be iffy. If I had planned to spend hours online, or wanted to stream video or download large files, this could have been a problem, but for checking email once a day, it was okay. I will be interested in seeing how the rooms in the Vertigo looks once the renovations are complete.	
Jun 6 2009 	Stringly recommended! - We really enjoyed our 4 nights there!	As a 29-year-old couple we stayed 4 nights at the Vertigo in a newly renovated room. And it was really great! Renovation is still ongoing, but we did not really notice neither disturbed.Staff was extremely friendly and helpful! Rooms are great! Location is just a 5 min walk from Union Square and not so loud and crowded as downtown. Unfortunately they just offer free coffee till 10 am (we love to sleep long) so we discovered Han's Coffee Shop just at the corner and their really wonderful Blueberry Pancakes! ;-)We would definitly go there again! Rate was USD90+Tax per night for the room.	
May 30 2009 	Lovely room convenient location great staff	Stay for the decor - 21st century art deco revival. It's a fun change from the usual business hotels. A quick cab ride or a reasonable walk from downtown. Outstanding staff assistance with directions, restaurant referrals, etc. Will definately stay again.	
May 19 2009 	Hotel Vertigo in San Fransisco	I really enjoyed my stay at the Vertigo hotel, the newly remodeled rooms are modern, clean and comfortable, I love the huge shower and the large flat screen TV. The staff was by far the best thing about our stay they were courteous, accommodating and fun. All in all I would recommend the Vertigo hotel to anyone of thinking of visiting San Fransisco.	
May 6 2009 	Could not have asked for more in a hotel	Having researched extensively into many hotels at different prices in San Francisco, I went for the Hotel Vertigo because it seemed to offer good value for money and the reviews on Trip Advisor were very complimentary (only referred to reviews since it became Vertigo, not the York or Empire ones).I can assure you that everything you see/read on the hotel's website is absolutely correct - this is certainly not the case with all hotels! The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful - i would particularly mention the Manager, Peter, who seemed to take a very hands on role in the hotel and was always available with words of advice or friendly banter. The room was perfect &amp; a very good size. I loved the decor - funky and original whilst also attending to every need comfort/storage wise. The bathroom was modern with soft towels and bathrobes, lovely H2O products and good lighting. Wi-Fi worked well (and I was not definitely not charged for it). The closet had ample space and everything you might need - safe, iron, fridge etc was provided.As other reviewers on Trip Advisor have said, you would never have known that there were renovations going noise-wise. The street noise was minimal too &amp; the several coffee shops/diner/shops immediately outside the hotel provide everything you might need.All in all, I had a fantastic stay at Hotel Vertigo and would absolutely stay there again. It contributed hugely to San Francisco becoming my new favourite city!	
Apr 20 2009 	Very well presented. Great location.	We stayed at the Hotel Vertigo, San Francisco in April 2009 for 3 nights. Our family occupied two double rooms. As far as the ‘renovations’ are concerned I can echo a previous review and say that we did not hear a pin-drop either over our three night stay. We paid the extra and stayed in a renovated room which was excellent. Very clean, nice décor, new and big comfy bed. The television was massive and the bathroom was great with new fluffy towels, and a super shower (albeit a little complicated at first to figure out!). Little uncertain about the ‘horse’s head’ lamps (thought I was waking up in a scene from the ‘Godfather’) but nonetheless décor was very tastefully done. Internet / Wi-fi is a little confusing as it is ‘free’ but you need a username and password which we had to pay $5.95 for...?? This could be a little better explained in-room. There was a small walk-in closet in our room with drawers and a safe which was more than ample to store our things. The staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful and pointed out sights etc.The hotel’s location is great. A maximum of ten-minutes walk downhill (not steep) to Union Square and central SF. There is an excellent mini-mart, pizzeria and laundrette next-door and a great Chinese restaurant around the corner (which the hotel staff pointed out). I would happily stay at this hotel again and have already recommended it to friends visiting SF next month.	
Apr 16 2009 	Fantastic stay! Ultra-cool retro hotel	I was looking forward to my stay at the newly renovated Hotel Vertigo (was The York, and before that, The Empire in the movie &quot;Vertigo&quot;). I was a little concerned with the notice of &quot;renovations in progress&quot;, but I never so much as heard a pin drop, the 3 nights we were there! The room was perfect (room 502), The bed was very comfortable. The TV was huge. The lobby was cool &amp; hip! There is a good coffee shop on the corner, at Leavenworth, for breakfast. If you walk 4 blocks up Leavenworth to California Street, you can catch a cable car downtown.	
Apr 9 2009 	Very lovely place to save on a budget	This hotel is fanastic value for money within walking distance to Union Square. The room was very clean and tidy and the hotel provided free wireless internet. The staff were very friendly and were more than happy to help with all of my enquires. The only minor negative of this hotel is the nearly $40 for the carpark. I would certainly stay here again when visiting San francisco.	
Apr 2 2009 	A great stay for the price	The hotel has a certain charm all its own. Although the Vertigo has no restaurant , there were plenty of places nearby to choose from. It was cheap, clean and had free Wi Fi. The staff was courteous and helpful. The rooms did lack adequate drawer space and were a little small. The bathroom was cool- I liked the rainhead shower and the H20 products and the flat panel TV. I would still recommend The Vertigo to anyone wanting a inexpensive place to stay with personality.	
Mar 15 2009 	Evocative Boutique Hotel	I had looked forward to my stay at the newly renovated Hotel Vertigo. (Renovations, while still in progress were not obtrusive). Fascinated with the movie &quot;Vertigo,&quot; I wanted to experience this boutique hotel, and how it reflected the experience. From the moment of entrance, I was pleased to see that scenes of the movie were re-run, including those of the Kim Novak character staying at the Hotel Empire, (now the Vertigo). The color scheme of the rooms, in black and white echoed the decor. BTW, these rooms were very lovely, stylish, with a very comfortable large bed, huge walk-in closet, and renovated bathroom. I was pleased to receive one of the renovated rooms on the 7th floor. I was also pleasantly surprised that afforded me views of San Francisco Hills, a rare occasion when one is staying on Sutter Street. The staff was extremely accommodating. As I was doing some research on San Francisco films, one of the managers even gave me a book on SAN FRANCISCO NOIR film, and clued me into other information about the hotel and the making of Vertigo, etc. Staff members were very helpful with advice. My cell phone needed attention, and I was referred to a convenient Radio Shack by one of the staff members. Others allowed me to use their computer, while the guest computer was not available. I did miss not having breakfast on the premises; but there was a serviceable cafe a few doors down for muffins, juice, etc. Housekeeping was excellent, and friendly, too. The hotel is conveniently on the Sutter Street bus lines; and walkable to Union Square, Polk Street restaurants, theatre district, etc. Rates were a very good value, as the hotel at the time was offering one night free if three nights were booked I will look forward to a return visit, especially when the new restaurant is established, and the renovations have been completed. In essence, my stay at the Hotel Vertigo was a great pleasure	
Mar 9 2009 	Stylish Renovations in Eclectic Nob Hill Location	The Hotel Vertigo lived up to my expectations: a relatively good deal on a hotel undergoing renovations in a great location, Downtown San Francisco. I chose a renovated room, however, I was not informed it was a handicap room, and the bathroom was not renovated. My room glowed orange morning and afternoon, and the bed was incredibly plush &amp; comfortable after a late night arrival. I made good use of the ipod docking station, however the free wifi was slow. There are a number of good cafes in the area for breakfast, and it's a quick walk to Powell St to pick up local transportation. I'm used to living in a city, so for a street facing 5th floor room, I considered it quiet, although one night, I could hear the people walking around on the floor above me. Not many amenities to brag of, but, I'd stay here again, for the price and location, I was very pleased with my stay. I can't wait to see it when the renovations are complete!	
Mar 6 2009 	Loved the Vertigo Hotel!	We stayed for a couple of nights in this hotel. We booked the room very last minute with a great price, so we didn't have much time to research the area/rooms etc... When we arrived the staff in the reception was very friendly and made us feel at home straight away. The rooms were really different and swanky, and loved the attention to detail, very refreshing and original. Ipod stations, cool-simple bathroom, and wi-fi were also a plus.Also to note that while the hotel was undergoing renovation we never heard anything at all, the only sign of building works was around the front desk.	
Feb 24 2009 	Good Location quiet room but undergoing renovation.	I stayed in (and paid for) an UN-RENOVATED room which was a bit rough around the edges but provided basic needs and was clean. By summer all rooms will be renovated. It was good for the price which was the low end for SF downtown hotels... The lobby was being painted while I was there. The will be a nice hotel when they are done with the work. The front desk service was good. My only complaint was that I bought the room with the 5-10-15 promo rate and asked for the $15 per day parking discount (They have a contract with a garage 2 blocks away) when I checked in. They did not credit me the 15 dollar per night automatically and I had to remind them when my bill was presented to me. The Hotel should have not made me ask. Were it not for that I would have given them 5 stars.I have heard from other reviewers that the renovated rooms were nice but they are more expensive. I did not see any of the new rooms. There is a great coffee house on the street two blocks from the hotel which is popular with the locals.	
Jan 30 2009 	Loved the Swanky New Vertigo!	Although much of the vintage charm of the York Hotel is gone, the new Hotel Vertigo is really a treat. The bed and sheets are very comfortable, the bathroom spotlessly clean with mod sink and shower (and H20 toiletries), and the extra touches like the signature lamps and mirror are very cool. And the rates are very affordable. (We got a Renovated Queen for $90.) A couple of drawbacks were the fact that the heating system hasn't been upgraded with the rest of the hotel (yet) and was quite loud. Parking is less than ideal, but really no different than the rest of the city. Depending on your preferences, the renovation is either a bonus or a letdown. If you're looking for a cool boutique hotel, you'll love it. But if you're hoping to re-create a shot-for-shot scene from the Hitchcock classic, you're out of luck.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great hotel for a great price	This is a newly remodeled hotel. Though you can tell this by the outside of the hotel and a modest amount of continued work-in-progress, the rooms were great! We loved the decor and the feel of the room. For such a great price, you really got your money's worth. Plus, free wi-fi! My boyfriend and I took BART into San Francisco because the parking is soo expensive. We were just staying there for a night, not from out-of-town so it worked out perfectly.	
Jan 9 2009	Recommend this budget hotel !	We stayed in this hotel for one night while being in transit between international flights on X-mas eve of 2008, arriving in the morning from New Zealand and tired from the long overnight flight. Our room was in the un-remodeled section of the place - it def reminded us of &quot;Vertigo&quot; and signs of the grand remodeling are everywhere - however we didn't care - only needed a shower and a bed to rest for a few hours before heading into town.The furbishings were old and the sight not very appealing, but heck - it was cheap, quiet, comfy, warm and spotlessly clean - and the TV was working to catch up on news.The staff was absolutely welcoming and assisting where ever they could, providing a great, instantly printed itinerary for us to cover our 24-hour lay-over with excellent sight seeing recommendations and necessary bus- and Bart schedules. The bus stop was right across the street and takes you in a few minutes to/from the Bart Station on Powell Street.In addition the staff was very accommodating and let us use the room beyond the check-in and out times. If I'm not mistaken to new name will be &quot;Vertigo&quot; hotel.Thumbs up !	
Oct 11 2008 	Terrific deal just off Union Square!	We come to San Francisco several times a year for ACT and discovered the York on our last visit. The price is a great deal in an expensive town, and the location - ten minutes walk from the theater - is perfect. The staff couldn't be more helpful, and although we had one of the older rooms which hasn't been renovated yet, everything was pleasant, clean and comfortable. We've stayed in many of the high-priced establishments around Union Square, but the York is our new go-to hotel in San Francisco - highly recommended!	
Jul 9 2008	Ideal cheap hotel in San Francisco	The York Hotel is a ideal place to stay if you are looking for something cheap and cheerful in San Francisco. It's about 10 mins walk from Union Square and very convienient for riding the trams. It does not have any parking but they have a deal with a local car park. If you take advantage of the valet parking service it will cost you $35 dollars per day. But you drive your car there yourself and it will only cost you $21 per day, its only 2 min walk to the hotel from the car parkThe hotel does need a refurbishment ( I believe there is one planned for Autumn) but its clean, tidy and the staff are very friendly and helpful. So if you are looking for a cheap hotel in San Francisco just to shower and put your head down after a days sight seeing then I would reccomend the York Hotel	
Jun 27 2008 	wait for the renovation	The staff were friendly and attentive.The hotel is scheduled for an update this fall.Currently, the rooms were tired and dark. The walls and ceilings had many scars.Our room had no a/c and the air circulation was poor. The weather was hot, so the room was uncomfortably warm.The room was cleaned well, but the furniture and carpet were worn and dated.There is only one elevator. It is slow and used by service staff. The only ice machine is located on the main floor.The neighbourhood is okay. There are a few non-chain restaurants &amp; bars in the vicinity that appeared popular.Most Union Square attractions and shopping were within walking distance.	
Jun 14 2008 	Left my heart in San Francisco	One of the big draws was that the hotel amenties included acontinental breakfast. That did not happen and was verydisappointing. I put in a review to the hotel staff about thebreakfast. They agreed the hotel should put in the breakfast.The hotel stopped the breakfast but still advertise on-line abouta continental breakfast. The room was just ok. Nothing outstanding. The curtainsneeded attending to as one was shorter than the others.The room needed painting. The room was ok for a week but I expected more and wasa little disappointed. I stayed for a week. I would recommendthe hotel mainly for location. I walked to Union Square,China town, the museums. The walk was good but mainlyup hill. After awhile I bused it up the hill to the hotel. There areno McDonalds or Burger Kings so you have to find eating placeswhich are expensive. While on vacation it is ok to spend moneybut it is not always the case.	
Mar 28 2008 	Won't be going back there ...	Stayed in York Hotel for 4 nights. All the staff were extremely friendly and helpful, however ... the hotel needs to be completely renovated. The photos on the website must be from a long time ago. The walls were painted greys and blues ... cold and depressing.The bedrooms were dark and the bathroom teeny tiny, though they were clean.The complimentary continental breakfast consisted of concentrated juices, coffee, mini croissants and muffins ... ok but could've been a lot better.Wireless internet was free which was a plus.The location was poor, not near anywhere, a good walk to Union Square/Market Street, or Civic Centre, and a good cab ride to the Wharf.The bar is closed, permanentlyIt was cheap but not worth it, wouldn't stay there again, no matter how cheap it gets.	
Mar 27 2008 	Charming Property Great Value Highly Underrated	The York Hotel is a wonderfully charming property, that is without a doubt highly underrated and great for the value. I booked my room via Expedia for $89, which included a free breakfast (didn't take advantage of that so I can't comment) as well as free Wifi. The York Hotel is about to begin a huge transformation into the Hotel Vertigo (it is one of the filming locations of Alfred Hitchcock's &quot;Vertigo&quot;), and I was given the &quot;model room,&quot; which was an already renovated room as a preview of what the new rooms will look like. For $89/night, I was blown away. Service wise, every staff member was kind and courteous, and willing to help with anything possible. The room was very modern, with an extremely comfortable bed, very modern nightstands, and a cool bathroom, as well. Beautiful plasma TV, the only thing that didn't work was the AC/heater. This was not a problem, as the window could be opened and closed and I quickly found a nice temperature. Since I can't comment on the current rooms, I'm not sure how applicable this review is to those visiting in the very near future, but if possible do request the &quot;model room&quot; and I'm sure you will not be disappointed. I enjoy the decor of places like The Clift of The W, and the room was definitely on a par with those properties.As other reviews say, yes, the walls are paper thin, but are nowhere near as big a problem as other people point out. Definitely not enough to keep you awake. Parts of the hotel that are already renovated are very chic and modern, others still have that old/floral design, but personally I didn't find this bothersome. The surrounding area, while a bit of a hike (let's say a 10 min walk) from Union Square was through a very interesting area (very artsy), I felt safe no matter what time of the day or night.I have no complains at all about this property, and while it certainly isn't a 5-star property like a Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton, it's a great option if you're on a budget but want something nice.	
Mar 14 2008 	Fun and reasonable got what I paid for.	I got a $69 rate here and had to pay a $25 cancellation fee to shameful Orbitz to get out of the over-priced ambiance-lacking hotel I had pre-booked. If you like old hotels, get there now because they're about to really remodel it. The Hitchcock film Vertigo was filmed in part there. Breakfast was fine. You are close to Union Square, but not as close as they would infer. Parking is 28.50. No real amenities here, but clean and nice. If you are an adventurous cigarette smoker, you can crawl out your window onto the fire escape to avoid the cleaning charge. Don't ask the front desk about this. The one Elevator is small and slow, but that's the way it works in an older hotel. Funky, fun, but sadly, the &quot;Rainbow Room&quot; of SF and Vertigo fame is closed.	
Feb 29 2008	OK place if you get a good deal	This hotel is decent, but certainly not nice. I was in SF for a weekend in January and got a travelzoo special for $59 a night, which is pretty dang cheap for San Francisco. If you're just looking for a place to sleep that is close enough to walk to most of the sights downtown - this place does the trick. The hallways and rooms kind of reminded me of a retirement home (floral carpets, ugly wallpaper, bad art) and the bed was actually pretty awful. Also, the walls are PAPER thin. Seriously, I've never been anywhere with walls like this. You could literally hear the neighbor's conversation word-for-word when they were just talking at a normal volume. Thankfully our neighbors went to sleep around the same time as us (and they were speaking French which actually makes it easier to tune-out if you don't speak the language). If you had some late-night neighbors, this place could potentially be intollerable.All in all, if you can get a cheap deal on this place, don't mind walking about a 1/2 mile to get to the nearest subway, and don't plan on spending much time in your room - this place is fine. Bring ear plugs though just in case.	
Feb 20 2008 	Great retro hotel	We had a great stay at The York. Very spacious accomodations and helpful staff. The bed was more comfortable than my own. It has a real charm about it and a movie history! I hear it is to undergo some exciting renovations including a new restaurant. Can't wait to see it on my next visit. The neighborhood is also undergoing an exciting transformation from a quiet one to a young hip artsy one- thanks to the Academy of Art. The best part is the short walk to Union Square restaurants and bars and the affordability! A real gem.	
Jan 4 2008	Parking?	A very decent facility in a &quot;sketchy&quot; Downtown location.Attractive rates. We arrived very late, only to find that their parking garage wasclosed for the night. On-street parking is nonexistent !! Finally(at 1:30A.M.) the night clerk found a garage that would accommodate. Plan ahead.	
Jan 2 2008 	Won't be returning	The location of this hotel is great, within easy walking distance from Union Square. Upon arrival, the front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. The Lobby is quaint and cute, just like I had seen online. Having said that, our room was less than desirable. The bed was probably the worst I have ever slept on at a hotel in my life. In addition to that, the walls are paper thin. We were at the very end of the hall, so I had hoped that it wouldn't be too noisy, but we could very clearly hear the loud running, stomping, and yelling ALL NIGHT! I guess I shouldn't have expected much, given that the room was only $125. Don't bother booking a room here if you want any type of luxury. We will not be returning.	
Dec 31 2007 	Really cute little hotel	This hotel is defo worth a stay. It has a retro, art deco feel about the lobby and is in a great location. A 10 min walk to Union Sq and lots of other attractions are easily accessible.The free breakfast is very basic - coffee, tea, muffins and toast but to be fair, is better than nothing!The rooms are a little dated but are clean and have all you need. It is defo a budget hotel but I was please with it. The bathroom was small and need a facelift but if I was travelling on a budget again I would defo go back.	
Dec 21 2007 	Nice clean inexpensive hotel in San Francisco	Although this hotel could use a new coat of paint (which it appears they plan on doing in the new year), our room was clean, quiet, comfortable and inexpensive. I think the age of the hotel added to its charm and set it apart from most of the hotels I generally stay in - giving it character. It was definitely unique and the staff was very nice. They even upgraded our room upon our arrival. I definitely recommend this place if you want a location that is relatively close to downtown/union square without paying for the price of a downtown/union square hotel.	
Dec 16 2007 	Nice place to stay	First off, the staff was friendly and helpful. The main areas of the property were a little shabby, but just enough to be charming. The room itself was simple, clean, and pretty quiet. The bathroom was spotless, and the bed was comfortable. Drawbacks would be that it is something of a hike from the Powell St. BART station, but if you don't have a lot of luggage, it's fine. And although we could hear the music from the club in our room, it wasn't loud enough to keep us up. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't need luxury when traveling, likes to support local hoteliers, and prefers hotels with a little charm.	
Nov 13 2007	little disappointed	rooms were very small but for the price per night i dont think there was much to complain about but i would not pay any more than 90 dollars per night	
Nov 12 2007 	Perfect Ambiance Perfect Service	Arriving at the York hotel we checked into the deluxe room we had booked. However, it was facing the 'courtyard'which provided little light or privacy from the rooms across the way. I asked the front desk for a change and she graciously put us into a perfect room with tons of light overlooking the street.(If you are not use to city noise this may not be for you). It was perfect for our experience and found ourselves looking forward to returning to this great room in the middle of our exploration of the city.There were some great highlights to this hotel:1) The front desk service was extremely helpful in anyway they could be;To recommending where to get a haircut to directions.2)The continental breakfast, although bare basics, was held in the old speak easy club. What a perfect ambiance for tired eyes(after a great night in Japan town)with the red hues and blast from the past decor.3)The bar was small but gorgeous and spoke of its past of comic legends and classic performers. However, I think the main atrraction could be the bartender, Dominick, with his prowess charisma and crisp martinis.Just the type of place we invisioned. Could not have been more perfect to experience the romance of the city.	
Nov 10 2007 	Below average	We stayed in the York hotel for 3 nights at the start of our honeymoon.We where not very impressed with the standard of the cleanliness room. On arrival we discovered a toenail on the floor, lipstick marks on the sheets, and some of the towels appeared to be stained. We complained &amp; some of the above was sorted out.The breakfast is a total waste of time, plastic plates &amp; cups, sliced bread &amp; toasters for you to toast the bread in, some fruit, coffee &amp; juice.On a positive the staff where friendly &amp; helpful. And the room was comfortable, if a little unclean at first.	
Oct 25 2007 	Great service	We stayed at the York hotel for three nights in early October. We had booked three rooms for our party and it was a little frustrating not to be able to get into any of the rooms when we arrived at about midday after an overnight flight. However, the rooms were spotlessly clean although a little small and they were all we needed as we were tourists and not too interested in hanging out in the rooms anyway. The young ladies who worked the front desk were polite and accommodating and nothing was too much trouble. The gentlemen who covered the evening shift were equally helpful and friendly. This hotel is located about six blocks from Union Square and great shopping and an inexpensive taxi ride to wherever you want to go. The staff will even find you a taxi within 5 minutes of your request.Breakfast was provided .... a little sparse .... but enough to start your day, and, although the rooms need some upgrading they were perfectly adequate. I would recommend this hotel to budget travellers.	
Oct 12 2007 	york hotel	a friendly hotel with pleasant helpful staff, rooms are adequate and it is not too far from union square	
Sep 25 2007 	NO NO NO	Rooms old, staff dump,no good at all!!!!	
Sep 23 2007 	A hotel with character	This was our first stop in America. I was a little apprehensive because of the reviews I had read so didn't expect a great deal. There was a great welcome for us, very friendly staff, huge room, good size bathroom but overall a little dated and could do with doing up.There was the odd mark on the carpet and the curtains could do with a little attention but our room was very quiet (which I requested) and the bed was large and comfortable. The location is great - about a 10 minute walk to Union Sq - plenty of bars, cafes to stop at on the way. Yes, agree that if you turn the wrong way in the evening you may be in less desirable areas.Breakfast is poor and plastic plates and cups I don;t think are appropriate. We had breakfast out for 2 of the 3 days.Overall, good, comfortable, reasonable in price and ideal for us in terms of location.I think the bar is pretty cool though - great cocktails!	
Sep 15 2007	Great base	Stayed here for three nights at the end of August.Its a very pleasant hotel, clean and bright, and I found the staff there very helpful. Our room was very comfortable too.Breakfast was a bit sparse with not too much choice, but eating out is cheap and good quality so it was never a problem.Good walking distance to transport facilities and shopping areasRecommended	
Sep 11 2007 	Not a honeymoon hotel	Very shabby hotel we stayed in about 10 hotels on our honeymoon and this was by far the biggest let down. Windows were shaking, staff were very unhelpful.	
Sep 8 2007 	Surprised at the good reviews...not good at all!	There was blood on the curtains in our room. I probably don't need to say more, but I will.I booked this after reading the positive user reviews and expected a small, quaint, vintage-ey hotel...and it is that. But its also dingy and dirty, with windows that don't close, horrible old beds and paper thin walls. We checked in for a three night stay in early August. At first it seemed cute...but when we got to our room, I kid you not, there was a decent size smear of blood on the white curtain sheers. Grossed out and not sure what to make of that, we asked to be switched to another room, which we were. Since it was late, we stayed the night, but checked out the next morning and went elsewhere. To be fair, the staff was very nice and accomodating. But, make no mistake, this is a run down, bare bones place to crash...nothing more.	
Aug 30 2007	Nice hotel old fashioned	This hotel is old, as many things in SF, but we found it charming and comfortable enough. Our room was large and quiet, staff was nice and helpful and WIFI is free. Breakfast was OK, what you can expect from an 3*. The location is very central but you should be advised of some homeless/drunk people hanging around at 1-2 blocks to the south. We never had problems with them, but it could result frightening for older people.	
Aug 28 2007 	Perfect for tourists exploring the city	As a first time tourist in San Francisco, I enjoyed the location of this hotel during my 4-night stay:- easy walk to Union Square (the topography is rather flat), convenient trolley lines (2, 3 and 4 inbound on Post St and outbound on Sutter St, so they come quite often) and California St cable car up the hill (nice to use when coming back to the hotel).- the neighbourhood is very safe. I expected so many vagrants after reading SF reviews but I actually didn't see any around the York Hotel.Staff is very nice and very helpful.The hotel itself is fine if you're simply looking for a place to sleep. Most of the rooms overlook the very small central courtyard, so you'll just see a wall. It is so narrow I couldn't get cell phone network while in the room, even by the window. Cleanliness is okay, rooms and beds are small, furniture a bit old and worn, TV and clock radio take you back to the 80s, but overall my room was convenient and looked nice. Their was a strong, unpleasant mildew smell in the bathroom coming from the drain.Nice simple, continental breakfast: good choice and served in an original place. Free wireless Internet.If you happen to have a car - DON'T USE their parking! It is so overrated. It is located in a public car park one block away on Sutter St and they charged $28.5 (25 + tax) for self-parking. The normal rate for the parking is actually $21 (tax included, and no restrictions). If you use their valet service, it's $10 more!Since accomodation, rates and location are fine, I would recommend this hotel for tourists.	
Aug 21 2007	York Hotel in San Francisco	The York Hotel is located 4 blocks from Powell Street (Union Square and cable cars) and 5 blocks from Market Street (Civic Center and every sort of mass transit). It is a lovely hotel, very helpful staff and in a safe neighborhood. The rooms are fine. Wireless IN works great and is free. I visit San Fancisco often and this is a super hotel for ease of getting around the entire city. Park your car and use MUNI to go anywhere in the city.	
Aug 20 2007 	A Real San Francisco Experience	Loved this hotel. Obviously it's not 5-star, but the rates are good ($320 for 3 nights twin room in August), the rooms clean, the staff friendly and the location great. The place has character, with it's slightly faded grandeur, Hitchcock connections, cool bar and Empire Plush Room. It's a great place to begin a days sight-seeing, especially if you like exploring on foot (the best way to see this city). Only a short walk away from Union Square, Nob Hill, Chinatown, Japantown, The Fillmore, Little Italy, and no more than a $10 taxi ride from North Bay, Marina, Haight Ashbury.OK, so the walls are a little thin and the breakfast basic, but there are great places to eat nearby. Highly recommended unless you prefer a sanitized chain hotel that's the same as the one in your own town.	
Aug 17 2007 	Great for a large group in town for a wedding	Stayed three nights at the York Hotel for a family wedding. We were a large group (30+) but the hotel's spacious &amp; elegant lobby and inviting bar area made convening and planning daily activities a snap. Hotel is walking distance from many eating/shopping/sight-seeing destinations, and cabs/public transportation are available for city trips further out. Rooms were basic, a bit worn and shabby but also clean; I was told by the front desk that they will be refurbishing them later in the year. In addition to its central location, I absolutely recommend the York for its helpful and courteous staff &amp; concierge---they were young and energetic and genuinely wanted to help us have a great stay---which we most certainly did! Definitely after the upcoming room renovations, this hotel will meet all your lodging needs for this fabulous city at a good value.	
Jul 18 2007 	Surprised a little at area	The hotel was that used in an Alfred Hitchcock film. The staff were very efficient and helpful. The rooms were more than adequate and clean but when we walked down the street to eat I had never expected to see so many vagrants. They did not trouble us mind you but gave the area a very run down appearance. Parking was handy and not too expensive and all arranged by reception. With the supurb transport system here we never used the car again whilst in SF. It was 4th July and the bar was shut for staff holiday? Can this be so on a holiday? Otherwise good and had we turned left as we exited we would probably have gone to a more salubrious area of the city. We will go back there	
Jul 16 2007 	Location and price were the drawing points for our stay...	Location and price were the drawing points for our stay at the York. The hotel matched the Orbitz price that we found online. The hotel was very clean. The breakfast was adequate (muffins, toast, bananas, apples, juice, coffee and tea). The walls are thin as stated in an ealier review, That could be a problem. One night we slept with the radio tuned in to classical music station. We asked for extra pillows right away as they were quite thin.My daughter (in her 30's) and I stayed there for a girls' trip to San Francisco for five nights. We were only at the hotel to sleep and did not expect it to be a five star hotel. So it worked out just fine. It was an easy walk to Powell Street ,which is on the main cable line. On arriving from the airport we took the BART in to Union Square (rather than a cab), the Powell station, for $5.15 a piece. That was a bargain! Now, we did have to walk and drag our luggage quite a few blocks up Powell Street and across Sutter Street. But we knew we would have other things to spend our money on. The hotel is only blocks from &quot;Dottie's True Blue Cafe&quot;, an easy walk for a wonderful treat for breakfast. Our wait was only 30 minutes. Not bad! A Walgreen's is at the corner of Powell and Sutter. That was a convenient location!One night we enjoyed a Cosmo in the adjoining Plush Room before retiring to our room.All in all, staying at the York Hotel added to our fun vacation to San Francisco!	
Jul 2 2007	Not a 3-star hotel	Don't be fooled by the 3-star AAA rating for this hotel. We stayed there for one night the last week of June 2007 and it did not measure up to that rating. The room was quite shabby and the rugs were very worn. The windows were covered with a thin piece of fabric (not a curtain) which was frayed and hung down from a bar. Also, it was chilly in the room and the heater in the room did not work. The 2 windows in the room were pushed open to the side and were not even on the track, letting cold air in the room. The windows were stuck and I could barely close them. Since we were only there for one night, we didn't demand a change but would not stay there again. I should mention that, there is a decent breakfast included with the room, and it is served in what looks like an old ballroom with a stunning stained glass ceiling on the first floor behind the front desk. However, this wasn't enough to make up for the deficiencies in the room.	
Jun 28 2007 	Pleasant hotel	It's a pleasant hotel, maybe rather old aged but very well kept. The staff was very kind, smiling and willing to help us. The rooms are clean and quiet. Breakfast was not very rich: let's say essential!!.It's in a quiet area but not very near the main touristic attractions. However a not too long walk got us to the cable car and the bus and in the evening we went back by taxi as the staff suggested: you can get back here by taxi with not more than10 bucks!	
Jun 27 2007	hated it !!!!!!!	cracked walls, dirty carpet, thin walls!!! I wanted to check out..however it was to late when we checked in..never again !!!	
Jun 25 2007 	Worth the money unbeatable location	The York was perfect for what we needed, while it isn't a luxury hotel and doesn't really pretend to be it is a great base to explore the city. Having just been taken over by a new chain it may be re-furbished and it could do with a bit of modernisation but don't let that put you off for an honest hotel in a superb location just 5 mins walk to Union Square but in a very very safe area this is the place to take. Having looked on Trip Advisor I wasn't sure what to go for but was very satisfied with my choice. Pro's - Excellent location, comfortable bed, Some people complained of small rooms - ours was massive and easily accommodated a full size roll away when my sister stayed for one night with room for three big cases, eating breakfast in the Empire Plush Room, Clean, No street noise as we were at the rear of the hotelCon's - Very thin walls!!, decor could do with a makeover to make it more contemporary, basic breakfast - more variation please, large gap at base of door, windows rattled slightly.	
Jun 20 2007 	Great way to see the real San Francisco.	Stayed here for four nights (May 20 - 23) before continuing down the coast to Los Angeles. Chose this hotel for its Hitchcock connection - the exterior was seen as the home of Kim Novak’s character, Judy, in “Vertigo.” Was unable to book the “Kim Novak Room” (301) or the “Vertigo Room” (501), but our room (308) was fine. It faced a courtyard in back and was very quiet. This hotel is in the process of changing ownership, and plans are in the works for major updating. However, we found it quite adequate and rather charming the way it is. Really gave us a sense of old San Francisco. Our room was very clean, despite the worn carpeting, and the bathroom was spotless. Big walk-in closet. Worked out well as a home base - walking distance to many sights: Union Square, Civic Center, St. Mary’s Cathedral, Japantown, Nob Hill, Chinatown. The location is also unfortunately adjacent to the Tenderloin district, and while it isn’t particularly dangerous, it’s not exactly picturesque. Rates are reasonable. We paid $122. per night including breakfast, which is served in The Empire Plush Room. We attended a show there one evening, and it’s a very intimate entertainment venue. Highly recommend it. The staff was helpful, even a bit overly effusive for our tastes. This is far from a luxury hotel, but it’s a more authentic way to experience San Francisco. We are likely to return once the renovation takes place, assuming prices stay within reason.	
Jun 5 2007 	Good Hotel for the Price	My friend and I stayed here last week for 3 nights. The hotel looks a little different in person than on their new website, however it was still an OK property. Rooms are on the smaller side, however clean and bathroom was nice size. Walls are pretty thin, as the last night we were there, we had people check in next door and could here everything they were saying and could even listen to the music on their radio pretty clearly.Location was fine. Little grocery mart and restaurants in walking distance.Breakast was a little slim but, adequate none the less.	
May 5 2007	Enjoyed the York Hotel	Based on the reviews from TripAdvisor, we were aware that some found this hotel's room to be small. This was not our experience at all. The room was definitely an adequate size for two adults. And who goes to San Francisco to hang out in their room, anyway? We were out all day in the city from 10am-9pm so hotel amenities were not a big deal. We had a king room for six nights at the end of April and enjoyed them for the most part. Rooms were clean, service at the desk was very friendly (they remembered us and asked us how our day was on a regular basis), and the continental breakfast was convenient. Nice to be able to grab some toast, juice and muffins before heading out for an espresso at one of the nearby coffee shops. We had a room on the 5th floor facing the rooftop courtyard, and it was very quiet. Personally, I loved that there is only one ice machine on the main floor, as nobody has to experience ice buckets being filled at 3am. Heating and cooling was not an issue (no air conditioning, but big windows to open for fresh air). After walking San Francisco's hills, we didn't need the exercise room.We found the location to be quite convenient, within walking distance of lovely neighborhoods, cable cars, Chinatown, Union Square, and right on a number of bus lines (2, 3, 4). Though do be aware that walking through the Tenderloin (a few blocks south) should be avoided at night.My only letdown was that I wished I could have packed my own pillow.	
May 3 2007 	Hit and miss it seems	We stayed in a room with two beds. The room was clean enough but very drab and in need of renovation, especially the bathroom. There is a large walk in closet. They advertise free wireless but there was no access from our room and staff did not have the knowledge to give advice on connecting. The exercise room is not in working order. Breakfast is self serve toaster, muffins, orange juice, coffee, and bananas, and is not well maintained by staff. It is in a good location.	
Apr 15 2007 	Great little hotel - blocks from Union Square	Took a gamble and the hotel turned out to be a winner! It was a real bargain and within walking distance of Union Square. Check in/out was a breeeze. The entire staff was pleasant and the premises were very clean. The hotel has a very popular club and a nice little bar just off the lobby.	
Oct 16 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix !		
Aug 28 2009 	Hotel perfecto!!! Genial!!! Aconsejable 100%!!!		
Aug 27 2009 	Molto Carino		
Jul 14 2009 	che sorpresa!!		
Jul 6 2009 	???????????		
May 21 2009 	Un buen Hotel		
Apr 9 2009 	Céntrico y muy agradable		
Jun 20 2008 	Hôtel moyen pas mal situé accueil nul !!!		
Jun 14 2008 	Hotel très confortable et central		
May 27 2008 	Un ottimo affare a San Francisco		
May 19 2008 	Très bon hôtel		
Oct 2 2007 	Un hotel più che buono		
Aug 15 2007 	Economico ma piacevole e decoroso		
May 31 2007	Hotel correct et bien situé		
Apr 10 2007 	Céntrico		
