	Very unique very memorable!	Loved the staff and the atmosphere at the Monaco! Very relaxing, but whimsical, with great seating areas throughout the lobby and lovely fireplaces. The wine reception at 5:00 was a great touch, and they even served hors d'oeuvre. The Grand Cafe was honestly the best food I have eaten, in a very long time and we have dined at some pretty extravagant restaurants. I highly recommend this hotel! Furthermore, great location two blocks from all the shopping!	
	Always a pleasure	Stayed here for a long weekend in November 2009, eight years after our first stay. The hotel has kept its distinctive guest rooms (bright candy-striped wallpaper, dark wood furnishings) and the excellent, personable service. The free wireless internet (if you join the Kimpton loyalty program, which is easy and free) is a bonus, as is the evening wine reception. The location is a couple of blocks off Union Square and right next to the Curran and Geary theatres - some people might jib at the proximity to the Tenderloin, but we were fine with it. You can catch a bus to Golden Gate Park right across the street.	
	Outstanding	I cannot say enough about this hotel. I don’t want to spoil it because once everyone finds out about it, then I won’t be able to get a room or won’t be able to afford one. Wonderfully comfortable beds and baths, breathtaking lobby, large fireplace and lounge where wine is served at 5 PM and coffee at 5 AM (great for the jet lagged). 24 hour room service (albeit somewhat limited in the wee hours) !! Incredible gym and spa area. Just down the street from Union Square and all of the action of shopping and restaurants. Theaters are on the next block. If I had one complaint it would be the restaurant (Grand Café) that is attached. One order of waffles and one continental was $40. However, many other places to choose from. Everyone goes to Dottie’s around the corner (there is a line out the door). Olympic which is almost next door doesn’t look like much but we had the best pancakes there! Give it a try. Finally, if you have a car, just park around the corner at the 24 hour lot on Taylor. I saw no reason to pay for the valet service which I believe worked out to about twice the cost.	
	Girls Getaway Weekend	My 5 fellow moms and I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco recently for 2 nights, and were more than satisfied. After researching MANY hotels (I had 5 women to please, after all), I was relieved that everyone was thrilled w/the choice. We had 2 adjacent rooms which were stylish and fun. Very comfortable beds w /duvet covers and good-quality linens. Room was spotless and spacious for a big city. Bathroom was nice and bright w/ Aveda products. Location was good w/ all the popular retail stores w/in walking distance. Service curbside and at the desk were absolutely excellent. Staff allowed us to leave our car until late in the afternoon, w/no extra charge. I really appreciated this, as having to get our car, and find parking for a couple of hours would have been a hassle. The only problem we had was after arriving back to the hotel from dinner Sat. night my friends wanted to have dessert and drinks in the restaurant, rather than the lounge. When they approached the maitre'd, he was very abrupt and informed them that the restaurant was for those eating dinner only. This, despite many available tables. To the other employee's credit, when informed of the host's behavior the next morning, they were shocked, and asked us if we would be staying another day. Unfortunately, we had to get back home. All in all, the Monaco is a terrific hotel, and we will definitely be back! P.S. Small dogs are welcome. The hotel even keeps a photo album of their canine guests!	
Nov 23 2009 	Classy Boutique Hotel near Union Square	I spent four nights at Hotel Monaco at the end of September. The hotel and rooms are tastefully decorated, clean and modern, but with a 'Medieval' twist.The hotel is in walking distance of Union Square, but SOMA and the business district is quite a hike.At check-in I was given a double room which I asked to change to a queen room if available. The next day my request was honored and I was shown several queen rooms to choose from. Excellent service!I did not use the restaurant, bar, nor attended the free wine tasting soiree. WiFi service is free but requires you to sign up using an email address.	
Nov 17 2009 	Whimsical decor excellent service and attention to the smallest detail for the guest`s comfort.	Everything about the hotel is delightful, from complimentary wine in the evening to the zebra and leopard pattern complimentary robes. The smallest comfort has been provided. They are pet friendly. We wanted to upgrade our room from one bed to two, but none were available the first night. For the second night, they upgraded our room without charge.	
Nov 14 2009 	icing on the cake	Spent 8 glorious days in San Francisco...first time on the west coast. The city is wonderful and to top it off the hotel was the icing on the cake. Yes, room is a little small but it is very quaint and clean. The staff from Christine at the desk to Benji at the front door were all helpful and gracious. The food at the Cafe was great and we thank Jose, Eduardo and staff for all attention and excellent service. Can't wait to return!	
Nov 7 2009 	It is a NICE hotel	I am a Kimpton fan, but the SF Monaco is definitely just a &quot;nice&quot; hotel. I'm not certain where all of the raving reviews come from, but from someone that travels around the US very often for business, I will likely not stay at this hotel again. Everything was adequate. But the location also left a lot to be desired. If the city can clean up the edge of the Tenderloin district, then this spot could really hop, but for now, it's average. The staff were accommodating and friendly, but I think that is a Kimpton trait (and advantage).	
Nov 2 2009 	Great hotel great location	Recently stayed at this hotel on our honeymoon for 3 nights, it was perfect. Alot of reveiws stated how small the rooms were, ok they werent the biggest in the world but were perfect for our stay, who spends that much time in there room when you have a wonderful city to explore? Most importantly the rooms were extremely clean, comfy beds and nicely decorated. The location was perfect just off union square, about 3min walk, and just round the corner from Dotties True Blue Cafe, best breakfast in SF! The staff were extremley friendly and helpful. And loved the complimentary wine evenings the hotel has each evening, a perfect way to unwind after a days sightseeing. Will definately stay again.	
Oct 24 2009 	Charming hotel	We recently stayed at the Monaco for five nights whilst on a trip to California. The hotel is charming and the service and staff excellent with nothing too much trouble. We really enjoyed the evening wine receptions which gave us a chance to meet some other guests staying there. Also found the breakfasts were good but you probably need to pay the extra for a cooked breakfast which are delicious. The hotel is in a good location in San Francisco near Union Square as long as you go right on leaving the hotel otherwise you might find yourself in the Tenderloin, not the safest place at night. I would definately stay there again but would pay the extra for a larger room as ours was rather small especially if staying there for a length of time.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good location beautiful hotel with small rooms	I recently stay at Hotel Monaco for 3 night for business. Overall I had a very nice stay. The hotel is in a good location. Close to Union Square and shopping. Though the area is a little bit shady and busy. There is a Walgreens across the street which is convenient. The hotel lobby is beautiful. And they provide good coffee and tea in the morning which was nice to grab for my walk to work. I never had to deal with the staff much but when I did they were very friendly.The room size was the only real downfall of my stay. Though nicely decorated in an eccentric way and it was clean. The room was quite small, at least there was room for a desk and little space on the floor for my luggage, but the window was tiny! At first I though there wasn’t a window. And the view just looks onto the windows of the other rooms so not much sunlight gets through. As well the lighting in the room is quite dim so I always felt like it was dark. So it was a bit closet feeling. Though the bed is very comfortable. They provided funny jungle printed robes which were funny. As well there is wifi in the room. There is also a big tv and a dvd player. The bathroom was very nice. Aveda products were supplied which was a big bonus. Another negative of the room was that it was always quite warm. I tried turning the air conditioner to a lower temperature but it didn’t seem to make much of a difference. Overall I had a nice stay for a business travel. Maybe it’s worth it to get a bigger room if it’s for a romantic getaway.	
Oct 18 2009 	New Favorite?	Just completed a two night stay that was exceptional in every way. I chose the Monaco when I couldn't get a room within my budget at the Serrano, their sister Kimpton property, which is my usual favorite hotel in San Francisco. Everything from check in to check out was exactly the as I have come to expect from the Kimpton line - the highest quality.Every member of the staff was courteous and helpful. Room was meticulously clean and very comfortable. Room service food arrived earlier than told and was delicious. The complimentary wine and and coffee in the lobby was excellent.The previous reviews that mention the rooms being small are misleading in my view. My queen room on the fifth floor was perfect for me as a solo traveler and larger than rooms I've had at comparable boutique hotels in San Francisco and New York.Free Internet and the &quot;raid your minibar&quot; coupon for Kimpton InTouch members is another nice touch.Will now have to decide which Kimpton to stay at on my next trip to San Francisco. Will be a tough choice!	
Oct 13 2009 	Great hotel great staff	Spent 5 fantastic nights at the Hotel Monaco at the start of October.Got a great deal on easyclicktravel and after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor, and a recomendation from a family friend who works with the hotel group, I decided to try it and see.Have read some of the reviews about the smallness of some of the rooms, but I had booked a room to accomodate 3 people, even though I was only travelling with my sister. So our room had two double beds and was big and comfortable - very comfy beds.Location was brilliant, just a couple of blocks away from all the shopping in Union Square and Market Street.But the best thing about the hotel was the staff - always helpful and courteous.One of the concierges - Tim I think - was a great source of good restaurant and nightlife recommendations. Another bonus was the wine hour between 5 and 6 for guests - a great way to unwind after a busy day exploring the city and to gear up for the night ahead.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Location Great Staff Great Hotel	We've visited SF in September for the last 6 years and stayed at a number of Union Square hotels but the Monaco was far and way the best. The room was great - very clean and well appointed and quiet even though on the front of the hotel overlooking Geary Street. We were lucky enough to have a parlour room which had a seating area so we had plenty of space . I note that others here have not been so lucky and stayed in small rooms which might change your view of the experience but to be honest we don't spend much time (awake) in the room so I don't think that would have been an issue.The hotel has a great balance between high class comforts and a funky, relaxed vibe (you can adopt a goldfish for the length of your stay!). The evening wine reception between 5 and 6 was great and we really looked forward to a glass of chilled wine after a hectic days sightseeingThe staff were really friendly and couldn't do enough to help - I note that some here have complained that the staff have a slightly superior attitude but for me at least nothing could have been further from the truth! The location is perfect just a couple of blocks from Union Square and in an area busy enough so that you felt secure no matter what time of the night (or early morning) you returned to the hotelI have nothing but praise for the Monaco and would highly recommend it	
Oct 9 2009 	Beautiful decor clean - not good value	Great location, stunning reception. Rooms very small but clean with funky decor. Bathrooms outdated though. No breakfast included which I thought was not good value for the price we paid (nearly $300 a night)! Jacuzzi locked! Don't think I will be going back!	
Oct 8 2009	Get Away weekend With My Daughter	We loved the Monaco, small but great rooms.. free internet with Klimpton membership, safari style robes and linen. The doormen are great. Perfect location for union square shopping and good access to public parking and the trolley cars. They have excellent valet parking but SF is well known for it's expensive parking. The on site restaurant is lovely, we enjoyed both dinner and appetizers in the bar during our stay. This hotel is very close to many great restaurants. One of the day desk persons keeps his little dog there with him, very cute. Great little hotel with the ameneties of a larger place. A famous rock band was there during our stay, everything was very quiet and very elegant.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice hotel so so customer service	I would have given this hotel 5 stars, but we had some difficulty with the customer service. We tried to check into the hotel a half hour early, but there were no rooms available yet. The front desk person told me that the hotel was completely booked and they were offering guests some deal to stay at an alternate hotel. We were traveling with my infant son and didn't want to hassle with staying elsewhere, so I turned down the offer. At check in time, I went to the front desk and they told me our room was still not ready and that we'd have to wait a half hour. The half hour turned into an hour. Once we finally got to our room, I noticed that the crib we had requested was not there (even though the front desk guy assured me it would be). It took 3 calls and an hour before the crib was delivered, meanwhile we had to contend with our grumpy/sleepy son. It just wasn't 5 star service. Room service was great, the room was clean and decorated nicely, it wasn't noisy. We'd received a great deal though TravelZoo.com, almost half off so I can't really complain too much. If I would have paid full price for the room I would have been more disappointed.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location nice 	Good location, literally a few mins walk from Union Square. Very friendly staff, clean albeit small rooms but everything you need. Good shower and water pressure, rooms immaculately clean &amp; tidy. Boutique hotel feel although there are probably a few hundred rooms. Haid to pay for internet access which annoys me, $6 for 15 mins, but hey, small complaint. Continental breakfast included in price which consisted of pastries, fruit, juice &amp; coffee. Had to pay extra for hot breakfast.....no complaints though as pastries were absolutely delicious and so fresh. Would highly recommend this hotel. LOVED San Francisco.....go to Alcatraz it is an experience. Also, Pier 39 great for shopping and restaurants. Shopping in Union Square totally unaffordable, all designer shops and designer prices, nice place to walk around &amp; browse though.........check out TravelRepublic.co.uk for cheap deals for this hotel.............4****	
Oct 6 2009 	Faultless !	The hotel is simply great. Excellent location, just 2 blocks from Union Square. The lead in room type's are small ( as some of the reviews mention) so upgrade to a better one and its no problem. The grand cafe attached to the hotel is excellent. This is my first stay in a Kimpton hotel and I could not fault it. The staff are friendly, the hotel &quot;quirky&quot; but that makes it stand out from the rest. I really enjoyed my stay here, simply put 10 out of 10.	
Sep 28 2009 	Small Rooms - VERY expensive - but clean and quiet	I like the Kimpton chain. Their hotels are quirky and the staff very friendly and accomodating. This was a quick overnight trip (in from Canada) so I did not have time to explore the area or even eat at the hotel. The rooms were expensive, even with U.S. government rates. I would stay here again but only if I was having the room paid for.	
Sep 22 2009 	Hotel Should Offer Disclaimer: Smallest Rooms West of Japan	I travel a lot, and I love my hotels. Hotel Monaco looked to be a quirky, hip alternative to the neighborhood and intrinsic stuffiness of the W or others in the SOMA district. It failed, but made a decent effort. It cannot be over exaggerated how tiny their standard room is, it would offend the most cramped of rooms anywhere in Manhattan. The staff was under informed of the area and not rude but not quite nice either. The bed was very nice and the bathroom was clean, well lit and had Aveda products. The room was too much for me to get over.... I won't be back.	
Sep 22 2009 	Fantastic Hotel...	We stayed at Hotel Monaco for 3 nights at the beginning of our Honeymoon. The hotel and staff were fantastic, we could not have asked for a better hotel. We were in a small room initially, but as soon as a suite became available, we were upgraded free of charge and with a bottle of bubbly - which was an added bonus. Cannot fault the hotel in anyway, the hotel staff are a credit to the hotel. Thanks for everything Hotel Monaco!	
Sep 13 2009 	Tiny room no view arrogant staff nice city	Our experience at the Hotel Monaco was memorable, but not in a good way. Simply put, the room size (nightly rate &gt; $350 USD) was as small as some closets--we actually gasped in amazement when we entered our room. The view out of our single 2nd floor window was of the adjacent building roof and walls. Hotel staff not overly friendly or helpful. My wife had horrific nightmares the one night we stayed -- overall negative karma and experience. Wanted to forget it, but promised myself that I'd post this comment, eventually.	
Sep 9 2009 	Hotel Monaco was pretty awesome and unique!	This hotel makes me want to stay longer! The room was fantastically unique. They really do know how to make their guests enjoy their rooms. The room was decorated with pattern stripes and a canopy over your bed.PROS: The room was fairly clean. The decorations are pretty awesome. The bed was very comfortable. The pillows were nice and big. The sheets smell clean.CONS: The insulation between rooms aren't too good. I can hear the water running from somewhere. I can hear people from the hallway. The hallway was a little stuffy, but the room wasn't. So that didn't bother me too much.	
Sep 8 2009 	Another great Kimpton!	Great hotel with all the special amenities you get with a Kimpton property. Loved the location in the Theatre District. As usual, the staff and concierge were extremely helpful. The room was quiet with that comfy Kimpton mattress. The lobby had a separate room where the wine reception was held that was a really lovely space to just sit in. All around a great property.	
Sep 8 2009 	Nice hotel with small yet trendy and likeable rooms we will go back!	typical of kimpton hotels; small rooms yet nice, comfortable and trendy. impeccable room with Aveda toiletteries (great!).We got a queen bed which was small but comfortable.Walking distance to everywhere.Parking was too expensive (valet only) so we parked at a nearby public parking for much less.	
Sep 7 2009 	Fantastic!	the Hotel Monaco is a beautiful hotel with wonderful service. It is located near Union Square and lots of places toeat and shop. The staff was fantastic and took gret care of us. The wine party was lovely. My only wish was that there was coffee in the room. Our stay was relaxing and very enjoyable. Just ask for a room that does not front the parking lot!	
Aug 29 2009 	Great location charming hotel	Hotel was wonderful to deal with. Email inquiries were answered within minutes. Check-in quick and friendly. We had asked for deluxe queen--got two doubles--minor glitch. Charming public areas. Wine and snacks at 5. Only two complaints: waitstaff at breakfast not exceptional; windows were grime covered on the outside. I have never seen filtthier windows---pretty much eliminated any view. Location is excellent--a block or two to all public transportation, a few minutes to Chinatown, one block over from cable car to the wharf. Rooms are small, as in a European hotel.	
Aug 29 2009 	Loved this hotel !	After doing extensive research on hotels in San Francisco for a family vacation, I settled on this one based on location, value, room size, style, and other reviews. I am so glad I did! The hotel itself was beautiful and well maintained. The staff was exceedingly friendly and helpful. We booked a double double room for our teenage daughters and a deluxe queen for my husband and myself. We were able to get an early check in at 12pm for the girls room. When we came back later to check into our room we found we had also been put in a double double ( which is larger and more expensive ) instead of a queen. The desk said they had upgraded us at no charge but if we would prefer a queen they would be happy to move us. We decided to stay put since the room was bigger and nice, but I would have liked to see what the queen looked like. Unfortunately, our girls ended up with a bigger room and bathroom than we did! I did peek in a few rooms from the hallway as they were being cleaned and they seemed to vary in size and/or layout. I had been worried about room size because many reviews on San Fran hotels, in general, say that rooms are small, but we found these to be comfortable and large enough. We loved the decor and the beds and pillows were extremely comfortable. They have a stocked minifridge in every room but you can move stuff out of the way to put your own food and drinks in. The cleaning staff was very nice and accomodating. Its a pet friendly hotel but there was no problem with pet odors.The only complaint we had was that there was a lot of clanging noise from the street early in the mornings that could be heard very loudly from our 3rd floor streetside rooms. Don't know what was going on down there!They have a complimentary wine reception every evening that was very well attended by guests. Its supposed to run from 5-6pm but I often saw it going on until closer to 7. Also during wine hour they offer free 10 minute massages and they have a large screen and Wii game set up.Location was great. Two blocks from the cable cars and right on the bus line. We bought a 7 day transportation pass to use on cable cars, streetcars, and buses which paid for itself in 2 days. Easy to get around on public transportation and walking distance to many attractions. There is a dicey area about 2-3 blocks away called the Tenderloin district, but its easy to stay away from because most attractions are in the other direction. I would highly recommend joining the Kimpton Club after you make your reservation because they periodically offer special deals by email to members. I was able to rebook the rooms twice for a savings of about $700 overall.We loved coming back to Hotel Monaco every day after sight seeing and all agreed it was the best place we've ever stayed!	
Aug 24 2009 	What a Great Hotel	I stayed for three nights at the Hotel Monaco just recently for a convention and absolutely loved it! As noted in other reviews, the Queen Deluxe rooms are REALLY small – there is only one other spot to sit other than the bed, which is at the desk. The small room is usable but if you need more space it would be wise to consider one of their larger rooms. The staff at this hotel is one of the best I’ve run across anywhere – every request I had was taken care of within minutes, from a non-functioning TV remote to wireless internet access instructions. I’ve never stayed at a Kimpton property before, but I’m a fan after this stay. The decoration is really fabulous and feels kind of “funky posh.” Another reviewer mentioned hideous wallpaper in some of the rooms and I do have to agree on that point, during my stay I saw the interior of several rooms when they were being cleaned and not all have that nauseating yellow/green striped wallpaper. It’s an off-note in a hotel that is otherwise so beautifully decorated. The gold/red in the bathroom is much more pleasing. The bed and linens are first rate and extremely comfortable. Towels in the bathroom could be a little bigger and plusher – they also have a faint smell of having been laundered with the kitchen towels from the restaurant. I wish hotels would figure out that they have to keep those carefully separated. I also found my room to be pleasantly quiet – the hotel was full but I never once heard other guest voices or Television noise while in my room (my perennial complaint at hotels..having to listen to the TV from the room next door.) The old style windows actually open to provide fresh air (there is no AC, but not really needed in San Fran unless it’s experiencing a rare heat wave.) Even with the windows closed there was only a faint occasional sound of the usual city sirens wailing.The hotel really needs to be clearer about their spa. What the website currently does not explain is that the spa downstairs is open (Jacuzzi, steam room, sauna) to guests but has to be unlocked for each use since the hotel does not have an attendant on duty. Treatments (facials/massages) are all being done directly in guests rooms while they finish the spa renovation. I didn’t use the fitness center due to a recent injury but it looked well appointed with a variety of machines, yoga mats and free weights. Of the several times I used the spa, I was usually the only guest there (the spa facility is co-ed, so bring a suit.) There is a changing room with a shower and plenty of fresh towels. The in-room safe is easy to use. The honor bar does have a small refrigerator, but it is fully packed and you’ll have to pull stuff out of it in order to use it for personal supplies. Once I got the WiFi figured out, it was a breeze and speeds were reasonable for wireless. I love hotels that provide an iHome in the room, so a big Thank You to Kimpton for that treat! The wine reception between 5 and 6 pm each day is very popular, but they end promptly at 6, so don’t be late! There are no coffee makers in the rooms, but the downstairs coffee arrangement in the morning is plenty sufficient. The hotel will deliver the NY Times to your door every day (and charge you for it) unless you specifically ask them not to. Very wasteful for a supposedly “green” hotel. Across the street is a Walgreens for supplies and small grocery. San Fran is expensive; expect everything to cost 25-30% more than back home. Even the greasy-spoon diner down the street had outrageous prices, I don’t know how people traveling with kids ever afford San Francisco. The Grand Café restaurant attached to the hotel calls itself French-California (translation: Hip French) and has seriously excellent food. There are a few moderately priced items on the menu but expect to drop some coin, especially on wine or cocktails. It has a great atmosphere and an equally stellar staff as the hotel does (although it does sport some of the ugliest statuary I’ve run across. I’m certain somebody somewhere considers those “art” but, eye of the beholder and all that….) Being in the Theatre District, the restaurant is fairly popular with the pre and post theatre crowd (dinner before, dessert and drinks afterward.) I had the Filet Mignon on a splurge for my final night and would have licked the plate clean it was so delicious. All in all, I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 21 2009 	fabulous	We loved the Hotel Monaco. There were 3 adults and 1 child so I booked a mini-suite for only $159/per night. There was a sofa bed in the living room and a king size bed in the bedroom. Cozy with 4 but a larger bathroom than a regular room( we peeked in as the maid cleaned another room). The decor is funky and fun. The staff was attentive. The location was great--2 blocks to center of Union Square and lots of small deliis/restaurants for breakfast. Cafe Lux right next door was also good. Be careful not to wander the wrong way as you will be in the &quot;Tenderloin&quot;--a little dicey. The wine party from 5-6 was a nice extra. No resident dog--but guest dogs were listed on a bone shaped chalk board. Great value--we would stay there again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Wonderful Travel Experience	Spent 4 days/3 nights at Hotel Monaco. I cannot share enough about my experience at this hotel. The front desk staff was quite pleasant and accommodating. I also found the room to be quite comfortable with very good lighting and amenities in the bathroom. The only problem I experienced was operating the clock in the room. However, the E-mail response from hotel regarding this issue was superb. Thus, a negative became a positive for me. I would definitely stay here again. In fact, I've already made reservations to stay again in November 2009.	
Aug 17 2009 	What a Great Weekend!	My wife and I spent a weekend in SF to celebrate our wedding anniversary. I had stayed at the HM in 2005. I loved it then and we loved it this time. The staff greet you with genuine interest. They accommodated us promptly and had us in an elegant room in no time.The hotel is situated within easy walking distance to Union Square, cable cars, the BART/MUNI and shopping. My wife liked that!!! We walked to Fisherman's Wharf. It took us about 25-30 minutes from HM. SF is a beautiful city and there is plenty to do and see. HM allowed us to enjoy our time together in a romantic setting.I would recommend this hotel to anyone. It is a great getaway, whether it be for business or for leisure. We'll be back for sure.	
Aug 11 2009 	A staff you wish you could take home with you.	Hotel Monaco's entire staff is a treasure. When you return to the hotel, the front desk always has a smile and a &quot;welcome home&quot; greeting for you. Housekeeping is attentive and there when you need them. The rooms are comfortable, the location is convenient, and the adjacent Grand Cafe is lovely. The art on the walls is whimsical without being silly. Truly enjoyed my stay there.	
Aug 10 2009 	Especially good if you get the right deal...	The Hotel Monaco gets all of the basics right --- good location, fun decor, nice restaurant and bar, friendly employees, etc. The key is to join the Kimpton InTouch program to get emails about special deals and free wireless internet. I wouldn't pay $300/night for a room here, but my package deal including parking (normally a ridiculous $49/night) was only $159, plus I responded to an email from Kimpton and got an upgrade to a big 2-room suite for only $29/night more. It was a steal.The '4' score rather than a '5' relates to some staffing issues and need for a bit more employee training. Although everyone was very nice, the whole front office was short staffed (front desk, bellman, doorman, valet) leading to lines, a lot of guests standing around waiting, every phone call being put on hold, etc. Overall I thought the employees handled it well, but there was a lack of efficiency that I wasn't expecting. Maybe it's the former hotel front office manager in me, but I'd like to see more eye contact and recognition from the employees. A bellman and a manager of some sort had a conversation for several minutes while I was standing 5 feet from them waiting to retrieve some bags, and not once did either of them look over and acknowledge that I was waiting. I'm very patient and not easily annoyed, but it got to the point where it was ridiculous and I couldn't believe that they were going on and on as another guest and I just stood there. I was also told to call 15 minutes in advance for my car, and after coming outside after 15 minutes, stood there for another 20 minutes until it finally arrived. Another time I went to pick up the car without calling and there wasn't a doorman or any employee outside helping any guests for at least 5 minutes. You get the point...Having said the above, at the price I paid, I'd gladly make a return trip to the Monaco. I think they just missed the boat this particular weekend in anticipating their staffing needs.	
Aug 10 2009 	Nice hotel small room	We decided to extend our trip at the last minute and being the weekend had a hard time finding a decent price at a decent hotel. I found this one at bookit.com and got a fairly good rate on a &quot;Queen Canopy&quot; room. Fortunately it was just for one night because the room was tiny, not really big enough for 2 people for any longer than a night or two. We have a queen bed at home and the one in the room was definitely smaller, though they insisted it wasn't a double. The room was clean and well stocked, the bed was amazing, the service was good, the size was the only bad thing.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great Hotel	My husband &amp; I and 2 friends were In town for a Giants game &amp; stayed at Hotel Monaco just 1 night. Great central location, just 2 block from Union Square. Staff was very friendly &amp; always helpful. Rooms are on the small side (typical for San Fran) but very clean with nice decor, and very quiet all night. The lobby &amp; 2 lounge areas, both with fireplaces, were just beautiful. They include afternoon wine &amp; cheese, which we missed due to the game. I got a special deal because I'm a Kimpton Club member, so we paid just $139 per night plus free overnight parking. Can't do much better than that in the City. This is a GREAT place to sray. I highly recommend it &amp; will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 29 2009 	Good location smallish room	Boutique hotel within easy walking distance of Union Square. Onsite bistro is very acceptable. Complimentary wine buffet each evening from 5.00pm in the Living Room is a plus to the day and a good way to meet fellow patrons (massage available); morning coffee and an array of newspapers in the Living Room each morning. Custom er services manager is very helpful to book &quot;Tower Tours&quot; which pick up from the hotel each morning. We paid $181 per night. Smoking rooms available. Always try Lefty O'Douls on Geary for budget eating or the Daily Grill next door to the Handlery for something a little more up market. Breakfast at Lori's Diner or the coffee/breakfast spot further down Taylor Street across the block, same side of the street, for breakfast. Would proabably stay here again having used the Handlery on two previous occasions. Also check rates/facilities at the Union Square Plaza, Warwick Regis, Adagio, Diva, Adante, Touchstone and the Clift, nearby.	
Jul 28 2009 	excellent experience in SF ... friendly staff comfortable rooms	We really enjoyed the Monaco. Staff, especially James and Benjie were excellent. welcoming and very efficient. Rooms were recently decorated and while a little busy, LOTS of spots and stripes, the essentials were good, great bathrooms, well ventilated and with enough safety features to assist the slightly physically impaired. Excellent beds and, apart from the occasional street noise, very quiet. We had drinks and snacks in the bar, very friendly, and one meal in the restaurant which was also excellent. The other great aspect of the hotel is its proximity to Union Square and the huge range of breakfast places nearby. We really enjoyed Davids as we had not tried Kosher food before, and also one we called Bleary O'Learys, but that isn't it's right name. Lots of major stores nearby close to transport and theatres, also some excellent small galeries. A very pleasant experience, we'd stay there again, despite the costs of valet parking. Car retrieval was prompt and efficient.	
Jul 28 2009 	Hotel Monaco- a great experience	We spent three nights at the hotel. The hotel exceeded our expectations! It is conveniently located within a walking distance of the many attractions. The room was visually pleasing and very clean as was the bathroom. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The fitness center was exceptionally well equipped and clean.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great hotel	I just had a terrific stay at the Monaco. The staff were absolutely superb. The room was comfortable and quiet. The evening wine hour was actually great - sangria as well. And the location was pretty spot on. I would definitely recommend staying here. The only thing to be careful of is not to get a &quot;closet room&quot; (aka Queen Deluxe - I believe there are different versions of these) --- though when it was my first room given, I was quickly given a larger room without a fuss.	
Jul 23 2009 	A wonderful hotel	We spent three nights at the Monaco at the end of our tour of California and it was great. The room was great, smaller than other American hotels but what you might expect in a city, both the bedroom and the bathroom were decorated to a high standard.The evening wine hour was a great idea, which other hotel chains should consider offering. It's a great way to relax and meet other travellers, and the wii was also a nice touch. The hors d'ourvres that accompanied the wine were also great.All the staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful. They couldn't do enough for you. UK hotel chains should learn from the success of the Kimpton hotels.Whilst in San Francisco we had dinner at the Cheesecake Factory on the top floor of Macy's. I can't recommend this enough - great value, and a high standard of food, together with great views of Union Square and friendly staff. You have to try it!	
Jul 22 2009 	fabulous accommodations in SF	This is a wonderful place to stay in San Francisco. The hotel has been renovated, and the rooms are decorated well (although a bit busy). It is located in the heart of Union Square. Every night from 5-6 p.m. there is a happy hour with all the wine you can drink, free massages, and Wii. The staff are wonderful. If you have a choice, choose Hotel Monaco.	
Jul 22 2009 	Charming Boutique Style in San Francisco	The friendliness of the staff made up for some of their short comings in efficiency, These people treat you like family, especially James the Bell Captain.The lobby living room areas of the hotel are very grand and romantic, both containing fireplaces and charming sitting areas. One of the fireplaces is large enough to climb into and you can without getting burned.The hotel hosts a pleasant wine and cheese hour every day where the residents mingles with hotel staff and a tarot card reader.My room was not large but very cozy and if I was not alone could have been a wonderful place for romance. The amenities were modern and I was especially pleased with the Room Service I ordered. Basically it was exactly what you want from Room Service, speed, hot food and friendly service. The food taste was also very good.The spa is a sexy place with dim lighting over the hot tub and tranquil sounds and odors permeating the room. The sauna and hot tub were functioning very well as well. This is definitely a place I could return to.	
Jul 22 2009 	Better than expected	I read reviews about this hotel before we went on our trip. Some complained about the noise from street below, some complained about the somewhat sketchy part of town. some complained about the small size of the rooms. So I was apprehensive, however getting a good deal on the room made it a very attractive bargain. I have nothing to but nice things to say about this hotel, from start to finish. The staff were wonderful, the room clean and comfortable. The resturant was superb. San Fransisco is a big city so of course you have the problems that most major cities have-- homeless, the local bars (and the noise to go with it). However none of these things were a major annoyance to us. Hotel Monaco was an extremely friendly place, quite a pleasant suprise. Close to Union Square, Muni, BART, China Town. Nice location and a nice hotel.	
Jul 14 2009 	Fantastic little hotel	We stayed in Monaco Hotel (SF) on our most recent trip to San Francisco in mid-July. We were unable to book the Hilton for 3 nights in a row at the price we wanted so we fortunately were able to book the 3rd night at Hotel Monaco. We wanted to stay in the Union Square area - moving hotels can be hectic and we wanted a pleasant stay for our last evening in SF. Even though it was only for 1 night we found our stay at this hotel to be the most pleasant of the 3 nights we stayed in SF. The reception service was personalized, friendly and thorough - even though we got in early (1pm), she was able to check us in right away. We had booked the room on Priceline - and she mentioned that they will do pricematching next time (&amp; I think one reviewer mentioned this as well). The room is not huge - as expected in a boutique city hotel, but we enjoyed the decor of our room, nice bed and the Aveda products. &amp; very clean of course. (though we weren't as excited about the leopard skin pattern bath robes...mainly because it had been washed out a bit and wasn't so fluffy..) We found it to be very service oriented and traveler friendly - for them to list out what additional bathroom amenities you could request for free (ex. tooth brush) and what other items you could request for a fee. They have complimentary wine receptions from 5-6pm - and unfortunately we missed the reception. However, we were further delighted to find out that we could still enjoy a complimentary glass of the featured wine at the hotel's restaurant (Grand Cafe). This was such a lovely perk to a long day of walking up and down the hills of SF. We tried out the Grand Cafe restaurant for dinner - we noticed that the menu looked interesting and we were also too tired to walk much more that evening. The dining area in the back is actually very airy and spacious which we found to be nice and relaxing as well. The restaurant did not disappoint. We had a nice gnocchi dish and we also enjoyed the appetizers. Recommend the restaurant. One more comment about their service: When we were rushing to leave - to catch a morning flight out of SFO, my boyfriend had misplaced his I-Pod and we couldn't find it. We looked under the bed etc but ran out of time so we left. When we were checking out, we mentioned this to the receptionist and she gave us a card to call later for lost and found. We did after arriving back to NYC and there was nothing reported by the cleaning staff in our room, however the man personally went to check again and called us back right away!! He had found it well hidden under the dressor - and the cleaning staff didn't even catch it. We were so pleased that they would go out of their way to check and report it back to us so promptly.  &amp; we definitely recommend the hotel! Had not stayed in a Kimpton hotel before but now I'm seriously considering looking them up in my future travels.	
Jul 13 2009 	Wonderful friendly comfortable hotel	The staff at Hotel Monaco was friendly, accommodating, and always helpful. The hotel was beautifully decorated, funky and hip while at the same time warm and inviting. The evening wine socials were fun and lively. There was a nightly free chair seated massage--the masseuse was fantastic! Free yoga kits for use in your room, and a wonderful little dog that greets you at the desk every day made it all seem like home. The room was a bit small, but I expected that. Everything was clean and perfect though. The attached restaurant is wonderful. My only gripe was that the advertised yoga channel didn't exist and the continental breakfast is only coffee and tea. Other than that the hotel is fantastic and I would stay there again most definitely.	
Jul 9 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	I have recently returned from a three night stay at the Monaco and it surpassed all my expectations. As a solo female traveller the staff made me feel instantly at home. My room was meticulously clean and included everything i needed. The restaurant and bar served delicious food/drink at reasonable prices with the staff being attentive, friendly and proffessional. On the occasions i needed to ask the front desk advice on transport/ tourist sites etc they went out of their way to give me the correct information. San Francisco is a beautiful city and choosing the Monaco was the icing on the cake. I am already planning a return trip for the end of the year.	
Jul 8 2009 	Elegant friendly and efficient service	Recently my husband and I spent a few days in San Francisco on our 50th wedding anniversary trip. We were made extremely comfortable in a beautifully decorated room by the friendly and gracious staff, and on arrival found chilled champagne waiting for us---a very thoughtful gift. The desk staff was also very helpful in directing us to local attractions and to good restaurants (unknowingly, one of which was where the First Lady and her daughters were also dining) Quite an experience!!Ken and Norma Watson	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Pet Friendly Hotel	We arrived to the hotel on 7/3/09 just in time for the 4th of July festivities. My spouse &amp; I traveled with our 2 dogs. I couldn't ask for a better hotel. My pets were treated like us &amp; all the ammenities such as bowls, pillows were free. Many hotels ask for a pet deposit but this hotel didn't &amp; my expectations were far beyond exceeded. The hotel is very nice &amp; is located just a few block from Union Square. I definately recommend this hotel to all my friend.	
Jul 5 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Great Location Wonderful Service a Perfect Trip!	We had a lovely trip to San Francisco and a huge part of making it so wonderful was the Hotel Monaco. I found a great deal on line and called the hotel and they matched the price. I booked a Queen Canopy room and also joined the Kimpton Hotel club. I received an email from the hotel about a week before we arrived asking if we were coming for anything special, needed anything, or if we had any questions. I told her how this was our first time away from our kids and that we were celebrating my husband finishing his huge licensure exam. I also asked for a couple of suggestions on restaurants for Chinese and Italian food. I received a very detailed email back with many ideas and suggestions. We tried two of the restaurants suggested and both were outstanding. When we arrived at the hotel we were informed that they upgraded us to a Queen Suite! What a wonderful surprise! Another huge perk of the Hotel Monaco was the 5-6pm complimentary wine in the lobby every evening. We ended up making it back for the wine each evening and it was a wonderful chance to relax and talk about all the sight-seeing we had done that day. After relaxing we were always ready to head out and find a great place to eat dinner and spend the rest of our evening. We also were able to mingle with other hotel guest and have enjoyable conversations.A couple of things about the area that we found helpful is that the trolley is only a few blocks away. Also the bus system is very efficient after you get the hang of the route system. It took us a day and a half before we got a hold of a good bus map, so if you plan on using the bus system I would recommend seeking a good map out right away. The buses come every 5-10 minutes and we got all over town very quickly. I would highly recommend Hotel Monaco for your stay	
Jul 3 2009 	Amazing Anniversary at the Monaco	had a fabulous anniversary night here. the great service started on the street as we were greeted and the doors were opened. the place is pet-friendly to the max-- no huge security deposit and no bogus extra cleaning fee. hybrids are discounted for parking. the kimpton group is one of our favorites. they have a really strong loyalty program so if you are a member you get free internet. also, if you are staying for a 2nd or 3rd time, they leave you a nice note-- ours came with an anniversary wish and some champagne. very nice!we were upgraded to a really big room which was clean and nicely decorated. the bathroom was huge, with a big tub and big shower. there was an ipod dock. there was a dvd player. bed was firm and comfy. pillows great, as there were a few choices. nice big windows. really quiet (7th floor, end room.) all the comforts of home. the best thing about the monaco was the feeling that anything i needed, they were happy to take care of. just a positive and friendly attitude from the service staff. as we came in, they were just passing out Popsicles ( it was a really hot day in s.f.) and a few hours later was their complimentary wine tasting with some small appetizers. the only negative, and it's probably a positive for some, was the fact that they were selling the slippers and camis next to the robes in the closet. just leave the selling of goods out of the closet, kimpton... it's too confusing to worry about which clothing can be worn without a charge and which can't be.we had a great stay at the kimpton monaco and can't wait to go back.	
Jun 23 2009 	Best hotel experience ever!	This is very simply the best hotel experience I have ever had. Service was impeccable, evening wine reception pleasurable, every staff member attended to and anticipated my travel needs. In San Francisco, I will not stay anywhere else. Simply put.	
Jun 23 2009 	Excellent!	I had high expectations for this hotel and the hotel lived up to them and even outperformed them. The location is great with BART, Muni and Union Square within easy walking distance. If you need a rental car for a trip out of town there are several options just around the corner. The rooms are as people mention, quite small, but are very nice decorated and our room had a nice stereo and even a cd with some cool music as well as an IHome for Ipod-docking. Combine that with free Internet (for InTouch-members) and that the hotel threw in complimentary continental breakfast in the Grand Café and a small welcome gift in our room along with the welcome note at arrival and you have a very nice package. We had a room on the 6th floor (requested a high floor room at the time of booking, a request they honored) On top of that you have friendly staff and of course the &quot;wine reception&quot; every afternooen with wine, some snacks, Nintendo Wii and a quick massage.People tend to talk about &quot;a home away from home&quot;. Hotel Monaco is the hotel that I've visited that has been closest to that saying. I highly recommend this hotel!	
Jun 21 2009 	Overall a nice stay.	We were early for check-in, so the front desk was going to call us once it was ready (we didn't ask for an early check-in). We were called at about 2 pm, when the regular check in was at 3. Longer than expected, but not bad. Not long after we checked in, a hotel staff member just walked into our room without knocking (and apologized, but it was still very awkward0 to change the shower curtain. A little while later, someone came in to check the fire alarm. And that night we returned from dinner with an energy drink and chocolate covered raisins welcoming us as a kimpton member.We had a queen bed with a rate of $81/night. I was surprised how tiny the room seemed, but for 81/night, I couldn't complain. If I would have paid more, it would have been a little disappointing. We enjoyed the wine night all three nights we were there. Each night a staff member made a round with appetizers, and I enjoyed a 10 minute chair massage. The front desk was very informative and was able to help us with dining suggestions. The location was pretty good, although some of the neighborhood around it isn't ideal.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great Service great price!	we decided to stay here after hearing how central it was to everything that you need to see in SF. It was a quick walk to the cable cars, BART station and great shopping. Everyone was ready to bend over backwards to help you have a great time. The wine hour with white sangria was excellent--nice touch to an already outstanding hotel. I've found my home away from home in SF.	
Jun 14 2009 	Beautiful boutique hotel in a great location.	I stayed in Kimpton Group hotels before but never in the San Francisco flagship until now. I went out for a couple of days when enticed by an $81 promotion. I promise you the hotel is worth much more. The decor is stunning, the service impeccable and the hotel goes the extra mile to treat the members of its affinity program well. I stayed in an intimate room which, though small, was well appointed. Aveda toiletries in the bathroom. Wifi is free for those who join the affinity program (no charge). A complimentary bottle of wine and dark chocoloate covered raisins awaited me in my room. The decor is cheerful and whimsical. The gym is of moderate size but is clean and the equipment is new. The spa was under renovation but the hotel offered to provide services en suite. I didn't have time to indulge so I can't comment.The hotel is famous for being pet friendly and a friendly, minature doberman greeted me at the front desk.The location is convenient to the Powell street railcars, Bart &amp; Muni station. Be sure to try the Taylor Street coffee shop just down the street for a fabulous breakfast. Great restaurants abound within walking distance. If I go back to San Francisco, I definitely will stay here again.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great character but you pay for it.	Made a pit stop her on our way down the california coast. Having lived in San Francisco I know the area. The hotel is well situated but typical for San Francisco, also on the cusp of a not so good neighborhood. Be that as it may, it's a safe spot. The hotel room was small but well appointed with some character to the furnishings and fixtures. In other words, it didn't feel, too generic. Unfortunately, this seems to come with a price, I feel for what we got it was a little expensive but I really can't complain too much, and I would definitely recommend it to fellow travelers based on comfort and location. One thing to point out, there is not hotel parking, however there is an overnight garage around the corner. I think it was about $12 a night.	
May 31 2009	Our favorite hotel in Union Square San Francisco	We absolutely loved staying at the Monaco Hotel, a Kimpton Hotel. We were there just last weekend for 2 nights. We have never received such personal attention. The room was very comfortable, fabulous bed and linens, everything really measured up to my high standards. I am a bit over 50 yrs old, female and have traveled all over Europe and found the staff at the Monaco Hotel to be outstanding. In fact, the last night they called us and asked if we needed anything at all! Very friendly people, great location AND a wonderfully amazing restaurant in the hotel lobby! Not cheap, but you get what you pay for. Loved, loved, loved it. Try this place!	
May 27 2009 	Other Hotels should take a lesson from Hotel Monaco San Francisco	Were to start, so many things to list, all around great. I don't think I have ever experienced a faster check in, no hassles no fuzz. Our room was on the smaller side but the Decor was very nice, bathroom was great. The Lobby and the restaurants were impressive. The FREE morning coffee/tea/hot cocoa in the Lobby area were convenient to our morning started. The reception desk agents were very helpful, they even printed our boarding passes for us.Parking is a bit expensive at 49.00 for 24 hours but it is San Francisco and it is &quot;in and out&quot; all day as many times as you want.As they say Location Location Location is everythingOriginally we were staying at the Mark Hopkins but we changed to Hotel Monaco and I think was the best decision for us. Walking distance from all major stores and restaurants , 6 or 7 blocks from Chinatown and their bargains . 3 block from the cable cars............ Most decently a place to go back to in San Francisco.	
May 25 2009 	Memorial weekend getaway	We enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Monaco San Francisco. They made our weekend with including complimentary wine reception for all guest in the evening. We met really cool and fun people while drinking wine. They also offered free mini messages from Relax and Rejuvenate, which was amazing. The rooms, are a bit small, but they are nicely decorated and clean. The beds are comfy, but not the most comfortable beds I ever experienced. The hotel is within walking distance to Union Square. The Staff was very responsive and helpful with knowledgeable about the city and what attractions to do while visting in San Francisco. My compliant was about the how cold it was out there for May, something that cannot be controlled by the hotel.	
May 25 2009 	Fabulous	We are staying her now. Tim the bellman was the best bellman we have every had. Our 4 year old daughter loves him. Tiffany at the front desk was great at check-in. Christine was great on the phone when I called with a request.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone coming to San Francisco. They have a wine reception everyday at 5 PM and you meet people staying at the hotel and get restaurant and other recomendations. This is a great place.	
May 12 2009 	Gorgeous Room	Loved this hotel. The room wasn't over big but it was a gorgeous boutique style room. The bathroom was very nice too. The bed was very comfortable; and we loved the added touches such as the animal print robes and the Aveda toiletries. The staff were very helpful; the bar was sophisticated, had a great buzz yet was friendly. We'll definitely go back.	
Apr 27 2009 	very nice stay	My adult daughter and I just returned from the Hotel Monaco. I would agree with most reviews about the hotel. The room was very nice, and the wine reception was a great idea. However, I found the internet rate of $5.99 per 15 minutes excessive in this day and age. I travel excessively and this practice is mostly eliminated. The other issue they do not tell you is that there is only ONE computer for the entire hotel, and every time you go to the &quot; busuness center&quot; you have to have a new key made. Very inconvenient. However, if you want a nice room, with very nice staff, in a great location, you should try this hotel.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great Stay	Living close to San Fancisco, I visit often for business and pleasure. In order to experience different aspects of the city, I make it a point to stay at different hotels. For my most recent business trip (solo), I chose to stay at the Hotel Monaco. Having read prior reviews, I automatically booked a Junior Suite. The staff at Hotel Monaco is quite helpful and appeared to be genuinely concerned that I was having a good stay. The room was very clean and had plenty of room. A nice touch was having extra towels already in the closet - without having to ask for them. Being a busy city, there was some street noise in my fourth floor room. I did not find it to be a problem since I come to expect noise when I am in a big city. Basic wireless internet was fast and allowed me to stay in touch with my office. The hotel is very close to Union Square, great dining, the cable cars and great shopping. Parking was $59 a night - which may sound high, but pretty much in line with other hotels in the area. Less expensive, very close parking was immediately offered by the valet. I was thoroughly impressed with this hotel and have promised my wife that we will stay there the next time we travel to the City.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great little gem for business or pleasure	I stayed in Hotel Monaco San Francisco during a weeklong conference in October 2008, and stayed over a few days to enjoy the city. This was my first stay in a Kimpton boutique hotel. Hotel Monaco is charming, and has great service. I got an upgrade, I signed up to the Kimpton club and got an email offering upgrades for a cost, if they were available, at a lower price than if I had booked. So I stayed in a small suite. The hotel and room were attractive. The location is convenient to Union square, and to the convention center if one wants to walk a little bit. There is a French restaurant attached to the hotel...I went there several times, and thought the food was good, fresh. Brunch is really nice there. The hotel is within walking distance of many great restaurants also. One favorite place was to walk down to the San Francisco shopping center and dine at the upscale food court or one of the restaurants. There are great walks one can take from here also. I spent a day walking up through Chinatown and on through North Beach to the Coit Tower, having lunch in North Beach. This is a fun walk, you get to see several neighborhoods and some downtown sites. Even though the hotel is small and downtown, I found it quiet enough to sleep well. I used the fitness room several times, it is adequate for a workout. I would have gone to the daily wine tastings, but was too busy. There are some guidebooks that state this hotel is close to the iffy areas of the city, but I did not have any trouble. There is a Walgreens across the street...very convenient for those essentials that one can easily forget to pack. I also was able to do some work there. I was attending a conference, but was able to work on my laptop using the high speed internet. I plan on returning to this hotel. I had a great time there and found the location to be excellent.	
Apr 18 2009 	Fantastic hotel	We stayed at this hotel on the last evening of a two &amp; half week trip to California. Staff were friendly and accommodating. Room was lovely, if a little small with our luggage in tow. The evening wine reception was a great touch which we loved! Location is great, you couldn't get much more central. Will stay here again on our next trip to San Fran!	
Mar 26 2009 	A very good hotel and location	HOTEL REVIEW # 166MY TRAVEL STYLE: If possible, I try to stay away from business hotels and strongly prefer resorts that resemble the Four Seasons, Aman, and Oberoi but try to find similar properties at lower cost. I seek out the “wow” experiences and I encourage you to view hotels I have stayed at and their respective reviews (by clicking on my name).LOCATION: Very good, 5 minute walk to main area of Union Square for shopping. Close to Clift and Adagio hotels with a Starbucks across the street.TYPE OF ROOM: Standard.BED/SHEETS/PILLOW: Excellent quality linens and comfortable down pillows.LIGHTING: A little dark in bedroom, fine in bathroom.BATHROOM/SHOWER: Good water pressure, curtain is on a curved rod which is a plus. Consistently hot water if desired.TOILETRIES: Excellent Aveda products.CLEANLINESS: Entire hotel and room was spotless.A/C: Never used.STYLE OF ROOM: Strange. I am not a fan of the decorations as it’s a bit wild for my taste and some of the colors just don’t seem to work. Still very comfortable.COMMON AREA: Nice bar area, but I don’t see this being a happening place to hang out with so many other great places nearby. Lobby is very nice.QUIET/MORNING LIGHT: Room was very quiet and all morning sunlight could be blocked by the shades.FOOD: Never ate here. TV/INTERNET: Tons of TV stations and complimentary wired internet is fast.SERVICE: Nice but they never went out of their way with the few opportunities to do so.SUMMARY: This is probably one of the best hotels in the low $200 price range. Clearly not the best as the St. Regis is tops but definitely a place I would recommend and stay at again.	
Mar 22 2009 	A Wonderful Experience	We loved our stay at the Monaco! The service, amenities, and location were top-notch. We were celebrating an anniversary, and upon arrival in our room, we were pleased to find a lovely bottle of champagne chilling in an ice-bucket ... what a nice touch! Our queen room was a bit small, so we asked about the possiblility of upgrading to a king room. The front desk manager was wonderful, and udgraded us to a junior suite. Our suite was very spacious, with very colourful and creative decor - nice bathroom with Aveda bath products. The beds were super comfy - nice linens, and down pillows. LOts of restaurants and shopping within walking distance. We had a great time, and we will certainly stay there again!	
Mar 21 2009 	Great Place!	I stayed at the Hotel Monaco with some girlfriends for a getaway weekend. We all had a wonderful time. The location of the hotel is great - an easy walk to Union Square, shopping and restaurants. The hotel lobby is eclectic and comfortable. We loved all the different common areas we could hang out in. The late afternoon wine reception with free neck and shoulder massages was not to be missed! We ate at the Grand Cafe and the Petit Cafe, the hotel's 2 restaurants while we were there. They were both very good. The Petit Cafe had a wonderful happy hour that included food as well as drinks. We stayed in a parlor suite. It was very large and tastefully decorated. The beds were very comfortable. Our only complaint was that the lighting in the bathroom was not bright enough, and that parking was expensive - but that was it. All in all it was a fabulous place!	
Mar 13 2009 	More Kimpton excellence	Whenever in San Francisco we always try to stay at a Kimpton Group property. The quality of these hotels can not be understated. This was our first stay in the Hotel Monaco and we'll certainly return. It's a beautiful hotel, great restaurant connected (Grand Cafe) and the rooms are spectacular. No complaints!	
Mar 2 2009 	Special touches makes this hotel five star	Our stay at the Hotel Monaco was a wonderful experience. My husband and i were celebrating our tenth anniversary and the staff made it wonderful for us. Our room was nicely decorated and looked to the street which was fine. The staff had brought a bottle of champagne and wine to our room. Never before had both which was a nice jesture. The morning coffee and the afternoon wine reception with message is a real treat. i would recommend this hotel to everyone. Btw: the spa area is not open for messages but the steam,sauna and jacazzi are wonderful . Just arrange with the front desk and they will open the doors for you. The location is wonderful close to everything. This place is such a great value. if you book online they have rooms starting at $125. including a $20. voucher for breakfast. You can upgrade if available the day of arrival to a suite for $29.00. I would give this hotel a 4 1/2 star rating. I have stayed all over the world in five star hotels the special touches makes this a wonderful hotel.	
Feb 26 2009 	A good hotel but don't expect too much	For our first trip to San Francisco I spent weeks researching where to stay, getting it down to two choices - the Clift or the Hotel Monaco. We chose the Monaco thinking the Clift looked a bit too 'cool', not realising that they are across the road from each other! So we got to check both out, and we think we made the right choice. BUT, having booked a King Deluxe, we were expecting a large room and were disappointed that the room was quite small with what looked like a queen size bed. Even the staff agreed the king beds look more like queens! Also our room overlooked an internal courtyard, which is one of my pet hates, so if you want a room overlooking the street make sure you ask when you book. The decor was fun though, and the room was very comfortable. Love having the ipod dock! The bathroom was a great size for a hotel. The staff were very friendly if a bit hopeless, the concierge never seemed to be available and though the front desk staff tried very hard to help us choose restaurants they didn't really know what they were talking about. The spa was being renovated while we were there but they had a guy giving free massages during the wine hour which was great after a hard day shopping. So, we had a great time at the Monaco, we love San Francisco, but just don't expect too much.	
Feb 23 2009 	Perfect start to the Holiday	After driving a SUV the size of a well fed elephant through the streets of San Fran, the valet parking and friendly staff on arrival were very welcome! The hotel itself is very elegant and the styling flows well throughout, pleasantly funky.The staff were the highlight though, very friendly and service was excellent throughout. Would recommend for a central stay in San Fran.	
Feb 12 2009 	Great Hotel!	Our stay at the Hotel Monaco was a lovely experience. The staff was very helpful, friendly and welcoming. Our room was decorated in a &quot;world traveller&quot; motif; I wouldn't have thought the colors and patterns would go together, but it worked! The hotel is only two blocks from Union Square and about 4 blocks from the BART station at Powell and Market. There are resturants, shops, art galleries and small grocery stores conveniently located nearby.	
Jan 14 2009 	Hotel Monaco great hotel	Recently had the pleasure of spending the weekend with my family at the Hotel Monaco on Geary St. in San Francisco. What a gem of a hotel in the city. Yes, it is a little $ but--great customer serivce. Loved the quaint rooms and decor. Had stayed at many hotels in downtown San Francisco, but what sets this hotel apart is the excellent service. We had a problem with the hot water one morning being a little on the cool side. Immediately it was taken care of and the manager called to see if we were getting hot water. The staff were very personable and gave tips on places to eat etc. Probably will stay there again just because of how well we felt they took care of our family. The hotel had a great cafe next to the hotel called Grand Cafe we had a really great breakfast there. The only drawback was the overnight parking but that is par for downtown San Francisco. There is a garage up the street on Jones and Geary that is less expensive.	
Jan 10 2009 	Simply excellent in every way!	I cannot fault this hotel. The decor in public areas and rooms has been carefully considered and is beautiful. Rooms whilst petite were comfortable and homely. Service from all staff was superb, they couldn't have been more helpful if they tried. The evening wine reception is such a great idea, very social and pleasant way to meet some of the other guests staying. Located two minutes from Union Square, lots of great local restaurants and diners on the doorstep.On my return to San Francisco I WILL stay at the Hotel Monaco.	
Jan 5 2009 	Good Hotel	Staff was friendly and helpful. The property is very nice but the rooms are very small, in fact, smallest hotel room I've ever experienced anywhere in the world! Nice restaurant and bar. The hotel also has a great location within walking distance to many of the sights of San Francisco. The only fault I could identify is the lack of parking. There is NO hotel parking. The hotel offers valet and parks around the corner at a parking garage. The fee to park my &quot;oversize&quot; vehicle would have been $64.00 per day. I found parking around the corner for $30.00 and I self parked.	
Jan 2 2009 	Great hotel funky decor courteous staff	I'd definitely recommend this place! While the rate was not cheap, this place was nice. The rooms are pretty small but nicely decorated. They upgraded our room for free upon check-in and sent up a little gift basket and I have no idea why, possibly because I called ahead to ask for a nice room being that we were starting a romantic getaway weekend here. The valet parking ended up being worth it ($36 per day) due to the unlimited in/out privileges. In the evenings there's a free appetizer and wine reception which was excellent.	
Dec 29 2008 	Wonderful big hotel	The Monaco is a very well run, wonderfully decorated Hotel in the center of SF. It is big and therefore a bit impersonal, but it has all amenities and the rooms are in an excellent condition. It is a bit pricey but worth the money if you can afford it.	
Nov 24 2008 	Love it!	My wife I and appreciated the courtesy of the front-desk staff, the helpfulness of the bell people, and the well decorated, clean room.We'll definitely stay here when coming to SF again.	
Nov 23 2008 	Loved this Hotel!	This Hotel was very warm &amp; friendly from the time we got to the front door. The customer service was great. We enjoyed the coffee/Tea in the morning and the evening wine reception with piano and massage was such a treat after a long day of business. The rooms were very nice and the beds very comfortable. Can't wait to return	
Nov 15 2008 	Small rooms good decor poor staff.	Impressive reception, nice boutique style decor...Greeted by fairly rude receptionist after a long flight so i wasn't too impressed at first. Had read the rooms can be small, but actually couldn't stay in the standard double room I booked, so after the first 15 mins in the room, I rang reception and paid for an upgrade. No sauna/steam-room/jacuzzi as they were updating it. Any pros?.. Yes, it is close to Union Sq, the restaurant is really nice and reasonably priced too. Some nice touches like free wine in the afternoons in the fire-light salon. Just make sure you book a suite instead of a standard room, as it was much roomier!	
Nov 10 2008 	Will be back for sure! I loved this Hotel	My husband and I stayed at this Hotel for the American College of Surgeons meeting.We truly enjoyed this Hotel over other ones we have stayed at in the past, due to the following.Excellent location. Shops/drugstore, etc all near by if you need anythingStaff were friendlyRooms were nicely decorated..small, but efficientI love the small touches in a Boutique type hotel. Evening wine and cheese reception, massages, tarrot reading, etc....lets people mingle.Clean	
Nov 3 2008 	Very nice hotel	This is a small boutique hotel, lovely reception, service and sitting room. The standard queen rooms are nice, but quite small. I upgraded to a junior suite which was more spacious.Pet friendly thing freaked me out a bit, I thought I might see dogs and cats everywhere, but it was fine, just like any other hotel, didn't see any pets during my week here.Good location, near union square. All in all, can't complain about this place at all.The restaurant is beautifully presented, but pricey and small meals.	
Oct 31 2008 	Great choice in Union Square	We stayed at this hotel for four nights. The Union Square location is good for tourists, as it’s central and close to visitor information, transit, restaurants and shopping. This Kimpton hotel is decorated in an Art Deco style, which is fun and different, and their theme is “sophisticated world travel”, with books in the room and items for purchase related to that theme. There is a complimentary wine and massage hour each evening, which we did not take advantage of so cannot comment on. The restaurant in the hotel is fairly high end, and we actually went down the street to another Kimpton hotel for a more casual environment for breakfasts and brunches.The rooms are small, like all hotels in San Francisco, but the bathroom was a decent size. The bed was comfortable, with a nice duvet rather than the typical sheets and blankets. We requested a quiet room at the end of the hall, and though we could hear the TV of the room beside us at times, it wasn’t bad, and there was no traffic noise. The only real negative about the room was the lack of light; there was only 1 potlight and 1 lamp in the room, which made it difficult to read at night.The only other negative we experienced was when we were leaving the hotel. The doorman told us a cab to the airport would cost $42, and for just $3 more ($45) we could utilize the hotel’s car and driver. Fortunately we knew that a cab would cost closer to $35 and therefore declined the offer. It’s only a $7 difference, but we felt it was misleading.	
Oct 19 2008	Lovely hotel but bring your earplugs	This hotel is a charming, well located boutique hotel. the staff was very helpful and i must say that i would definitely stay in a kimpton property again. my daughter loved the goldfish, the chocolates and the size of the suite we had. i loved the coziness and the amenities, but wished that they had served some sort of small appetizer or cracker to go with the wine at night. okay...now for the earplug story, which is not mentioned here enough in other reviews...i have had many issues with the noise factor in san francisco...see my orchard hotel review. when i booked this hotel, i was very clear that i needed a room away from street noise. i was told the suites were quiet and high up off the street. i booked a suite. when i checked in, i was taken to the 6th floor (there are 7 in this place) . the suite faced the corner of two very busy intersections and the window was single paned so you could hear the honking and the noises very well. i brought one of the managers up to see if there was a window open and he said all of the suites faced the same direction and he would give me ear plugs if i needed them.needless to say, the traffic really never died down and i got earplugs which allowed me to sleep. i was pretty upset that i had been so misdirected at booking but the manager was so nice, i let it go.the key, i have learned for me in san francisco, is never, ever stay in anything but a tall hotel on a high floor so you can be high off the street and make sure the windows are double paned if you don't have a high floor. this just doesn't happen in new york city, where there is also a lot of street traffic. why is that?!	
Oct 7 2008 	did not meet my expectations	Perhaps it was the plethora of 5 star reviews, or the wonderful photos, or my experience two weeks earlier on a biz trip to SF when I stayed at the Palomar..but my expectations were quite high for the Monaco. I had booked a King room on an &quot;upper floor&quot; away from the elevator. I also elected for $15 to get an upgrade to a jr. suite. Well, when I arrived the &quot;upgrade&quot; had gone through, but, it was to a room on the second floor that was a handicapped room. The room had a funky shape and I asked for the original room - but it was not available. nor were any other suites. I was fairly upset, but stayed in the room for two nights. All in all I'd say this is a good place, but not worth the $350/night I paid.good: GREAT restaurant, generally good service, short walk to Union square, good bar, fun decorbad: misleading &quot;upgrade&quot;, terrible pillows (we had to beg for down pillows after a night of limited sleep Friday), sketchy neighborhoodgood hotel. Not 5 star, and only 4 star on a good day	
Sep 30 2008 	Acceptable with some charm from female business traveler	My weeklong stay was acceptable with an appearance of some charm if you went looking for it. The marble stairway was very striking but not funtional. Elevators were always waiting in the lobby. The weight room was locked when I tried to use it. I had a cause for concern if it was unlocked anyway as there is no security in this area. The goldfish bowl at the elevator landing was a friendly welcome home site. I am not a big TV watcher but need to stay in tune with the national news and weather reports before heading out. The national news was critical at time when the there was a national crisis unfolding daily. Being without a working remote for the TV and also not being able to manually change the TV from the HOTEL MOVIE ORDER SYSTEM to the regular channels for four days was a big inconvenience. I reported it four times. The last time I reported it, the request to change rooms or hotels appeared to make a difference. The bed was luxurious as I will probably order the comforter. The bathroom was kept up but not cleaned efficiently. Soap was not replaced during the week. No problem with the outside or hallway noise. Excellent WAKEUP call service from the staff at 5AM. I was not able to answer the phone because I awoke earlier and was in the shower at the time of the call. A staff member came to my door and knocked to ensure I woke up. Excellent friendly and helpful service from the vallet parking and front bellman. I would skip the restaurant as they messed up breakfast. This is not easy to mess up. Waiter as in a rush but only had two tables to wait on. He was too busy to listen to my order but what he brought out was okay so I ate it. Cloth napkins put lint all over my new dress. Potatoe Gallet was a grease sponge. Eggs Benedict was okay. The restaurant was very clean. This was a big difference from my former stays at the Hyatt and Hilton for the same price. Free internet was nice. The room was very nicely decorated and included a large safe. I think the maintenance dept. and the bad breakfast put this hotel in a bad light for me. Location: All good toward Union Square - not good to the West and South West.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great Honeymoon	Due to a convention in town we didn't get to stay at the Hotel Monaco our first night. They did put us up in another hotel that was not as glamourous and made it up to us by giving us a Suite for the rest of our stay and some champagne to celebrate our honeymoon. This hotel was exactly what I was looking for. The service was outstanding! From the front desk to the housekeeping. Every single employee we met was super nice. The housekeeping staff wished us a great day each morning. The room had 2 flat screen tv's, free wifi, and was VERY clean. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. I would definetly stay here again. The location is in the heart of San Fran and just a few blocks from the BART/MUNI. I am a Kimpton fan for life.	
Sep 23 2008 	Great hotel chain!	The Kimpton chain is one of my favorites - they have great properties that are well-run, clean and nicely decorated. The Monoco in San Fran (and Chicago) are perfect for a fair price. The hotel staff is helpful, the food is great, the maid service is perfect. I can't say enough about how good Kimpton hotels are!	
Sep 16 2008 	Whimsical hotel in the heart of SF	From the moment we booked our room, we knew we had found a special hotel. The Kimpton group has done a beautiful job of restoring this majestic hotel into a whimsical delight that will please the senses.The hotel staff is very professional and will go out of their way to make your stay a memorable experience. We met some of the nicest travelers who have made the Monaco their hotel of choice at the complimentary happy hour.Our room was tastefully decorated in a whimsical theme of stripes and for the animal in each of us, the hotel supplied animal motif robes. The beds were so comfortable and the linens were of the highest quality.PS I am not being paid for this review.	
Sep 16 2008 	Just great	Stayed for a long weekend while attending a conference. I honestly can't think of any complaints! Our room was SPOTLESS. Very friendly and helpful staff, and we rarely if ever heard any noise while in our room. I guess the only thing I didn't *love* was that about a block in one direction, the neighborhood became a bit sketchy and I wouldn't want to walk around at night by myself. Overall, a very nice stay. Would stay here again.	
Sep 15 2008 	Great Feel - Great Loacation	I arrived at the Hotel Monaco quite jetlagged after a flight from Australia. Even though I arrived at midday, my room was ready and the check in process quick &amp; corteous. My Suite faced onto Geary Street (2nd floor) but I found the room lovely and quiet and easily fell into a jetlagged sleep for the afternoon ! The room I stayed in was lovely - a separate lounge with TV, a huge plasma in the bedroom. Overall very clean and the furnishings unique, giving real character to the room, so it didn't feel like one of 1000 as the big chains can. The bed was divine - very comfotable and the bathroom beautifully appointed. I immediately felt very comfortable. Strolling into downtown area was just an easy two block walk to Union Square past lots of lovely galleries &amp; shops. The friendly Res staff gave me a map &amp; suggested a walking tour. Room service that night was great. No complaints at all from me - the hotel was everything I expected and more - I'd definately recommend it.	
Sep 7 2008 	Great Hotel with Fantastic Service	My wife and I have just returned from a 7 day stay in the Hotel Monaco in San Francisco and were extremely impressed with the whole experience. The Hotel itself is situated two blocks from Union Square which is great location for shopping and eating but is still far enough away to avoid a lot of the traffic and noise you would expect from a City Centre. Although this location is moving towards the Tenderloin District mentioned by others there were certainly no issues around walking to and from the hotel and didn't give us any worries at all. You will encounter lots of homeless people and beggars throughout the city and this area was no worse than any other. The Monaco is a lovely boutique hotel with stripy wallpaper, canopies over the beds, large fireplaces in the common areas and staff dressed in rather strange velvet uniforms. Our room was on the 7th floor and was a decent size, extremely clean and had a unbelievably comfortable bed (difficult to get out of when your body is 8 hours behind!). As many others have pointed out the staff are very pleasant and will bend over backwards to help you with any questions / requests. We have stayed in more expensive hotels with fancier reputations than the Monaco but none have left such a good impression as this hotel.	
Sep 4 2008 	Monaco- Grace worthy	We love the hotel. You can (and we do) request a goldfish in your room for your stay. The help is actually helpful, the elevator is quick (I think it knows by sensor when you are coming towards it) The rooms are very nice by any standard - but by &quot;city standard&quot; very good as well.	
Sep 2 2008 	Go to Monaco in er San Francisco!	We stayed at the Hotel Monaco 14 to 18 August 2008 and had a great time.The staff were all very friendly and helpful, without being intrusive, and the room was well appointed with a generous sized bathroom.The hotel is in a great location for tourists (like we were!), being just a few minutes walk away from Union Square. Some reviewers have commented upon noise outside at night - hey, it's a city centre hotel, what do you expect?!Our goldfish, Jay, was a lovely touch too - particularly appreciated by our 7 year old daughter, as was the rubber goldfish given to her by the bellboy one morning whilst we waited for a cab!One last thing - you MUST try Dottie's True Blue Cafe for breakfast, one block from the hotel. Thanks Monaco - when we get the chance to return to your great city we'll be sure to stay with you again!	
Aug 31 2008 	great stay	my wife and I are big fans of the kimpton hotels having stayed in various ones in sf and chicago so we were looking forward to hotel monaco for a quick get-away. the hotel is housed in a fine old building in downtown frisco about 3or 4 blocks from union square. a great location. the lobby is a delight.....eye candy...steeped in grandeur with marble staircase and domed ceilings. sculptures and paintings abound. kimpton has a good eye. if yr ever in chicago spring for Hotel Burnham in the very famous reliance building. now that is a feast !!!  unfortunately, there didn't appear to be any info on the building itself at the Monaco and would be a welcome addition! the room was small but well-appointed in the usual bold hip striped kimpton fashion. and very very clean. The carpets however, especially in the hallway(we were on the 4th floor) were tired and badly in need of replacement or intense cleaning&gt;kimpton has a great 5pm wine reception and even had a massage (free) person on hand. get schlockered on wine and then have a massage. check out the &quot;tree of life&quot; sculpture in the lobby. very good.all in all a good stay. and hey, kimpton tells you the square footage of the rooms you are buying so theres no secret there. and if yr smart you can get some pretty good deals on these rooms. ours was 159 per night which in downtown sf here in2008.is a pretty good deal	
Aug 20 2008 	We loved this hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in July and we loved it. The staff were great, so very helpful. The hotel was in a great location, room very clean. We had a complimentary bottle of champagne waiting for us as it was our wedding anniversary.The Grand Cafe reminded us of one we had been to in Lyon and the food was every bit as good.We would definately use this hotel again.	
Aug 12 2008	Excellent hotel - great staff lovely rooms	Great boutique hotel just a few blocks from Union Square. Staff was fantastic and extremely accomodating and friendly, especially after I balked at my 2nd floor junior suite after just having a very long day and was concerned about noise from the street at night. I am very particular and would stay here again. Rooms were beautiful and very clean, new and fresh. Complimentary happy hour was wonderful - wine, Anchor Steam and nibblers - with a 10-minute chair massage to boot. I will strongly recommend this hotel to friends. I have stayed at other larger San Fran hotels that I also enjoyed, but this was a fun and friendly place that I would definitely return to.	
Jul 29 2008 	Nice Hotel Good Service!	My wife and I stayed up here recently as part of an executive offsite for my company. Upon check-in we were impressed by the atomosphere and style of the place. The room was small yet cozy and reminded me of the Hudson in NYC.Since we were there on business, we had a snag getting one of our rooms available and the manager Jenny jumped right into action. She made one phone call and within 5 minutes we had the Tokyo board room set up with waters, napkins, etc. I was impressed.We had dinner for 12 at the Grand Cafe that night. Plenty of good selection and interesting pairings available. They did close down the bar early so for you night-owls you may have to travel outside.Overall good stay, cool place, nice people.	
Jul 29 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location Wonderful Staff	My daughter &amp; I just returned from a very nice, 2 night stay at the Hotel Monaco, San Francisco. If you're looking to visit S.F. and like hotels that offer style, comfort and wonderful service we would strongly recommend the Hotel Monaco. The Hotel is located in the Theatre district just a short walk from the shops of Union Square. From the Hotel door it is walkable to just about every part of the city; but for non-walkers the cable cars, buses, and (relatively expensive) taxis are available right outside the door or just around the corner. Our double room was not only stylish but clean, well-equipped, and spacious enough for 2 adults. The 2 double beds were as lovely to sleep in as they were to look at--with beautiful linens and ample, down pillows. The bath was pristine clean and very nicely outfitted with over-sized bath towels and courtesy robes with crazy tiger and zebra prints reflecting the very deco-style of the hotel itself. We were celebrating a birthday and James, the excellent concierge, recommended and arranged a fantastic, fine and filling dinner at Scala's Bistro (see separate review for details.) Thank you, James for the wonderful recommendation and your help getting us in for dinner on such short notice! In fact, all the staff we interacted with at the Monaco--from doorman to housekeepers--were wonderful! I wouldn't expect to receive better customer service at the Ritz-Carlton or Four Seasons--simply put, the service was beyond my very picky expectations!The area around the hotel is well lit and due to the nearby theatres and restaurants is busy so we felt safe and comfortable walking the main streets both day &amp; night. As for convenience, the Walgreens across the street has just about anything one could need while traveling and the Grand Cafe next door serves a fantastic Sunday brunch and has an extensive bar. We will definitely plan on returning to Hotel Monaco in the future and would certainly recommend it to friends, family &amp; fellow travelers. As always, more than happy to answer specific questions about our experience at the Hotel. Happy travels,Carol--	
Jul 28 2008 	Fab-U-Lous	This hotel is a true gem on all levels. The location is ideal, it is beautiful, FRIENDLY, HELPFUL, comfortable, and not a bad price either. Michael, the concierge is a genius, if I had an idea, he made it happen. The restaurant is a work of art in itself. In the course of my four night stay, I had three meals in house, and another two from room service. All were spectacular AND if I wanted to tweak a little, was happily and easily accommodated. The Monaco will be my permanent go to hotel in San Francisco	
Jul 23 2008 	Wonderful boutique hotel	My daughter and I stayed 3 nights on a shopping, sight seeing trip. The location is great as was the room. We had 2 beds, so it was somehat larger than a single bed room. The service was good and we loved the wine and appy hour in the evening and the Starbucks service in the morning with a place by the fire to read the newspaper. We ate in the restaurant the 1st night and thoroughly enjoyed it. I have absolutely no complaints about this wonderful little hotel. We were right on Geary, but did not find it noisy.I booked directly with the Klimpton booking service hotel and was initially quoted a higher rate. When I gave them the Expedia rate, she matched it, though I noted on my confirmation slip that the rate was recorded as &quot;internet spoiler.&quot; This made no difference to the room or the excellent treatment we received.	
Jul 20 2008 	Cozy Nest in a Bustling City	Great place to stay! Small rooms but very nicely decorated and appointed. After schlepping around SF all day, it was a wonderful respite to get in our room - yes, we got the goldfish. All room details were of high quality - really liked the sound system/cd player and the L'Occitane bath products. Things are a bit quirky here (e.g. leopard print bath robes), so maybe not for a real conservative guest. Also, if you need alot of space or a view you may want to look elsewhere. We looked at several Kimpton hotels in the area and believed the Monaco to be the best.The restaurant and bar area are beautiful. The Sunday breakfast menu was weak as they force you into more of a lunch/brunch menu.Bottom line: SF has a huge number of lodging options and we love to try new places, but we would probably not bother and return to the Monaco.	
Jul 15 2008 	So Fantastic!!	Hotel Monaco exceeded our expectations. It is a BEAUTIFUL and luxurious hotel, yet only 15.00 more a night than the Comfort Inn with no A/C that we stayed at in Carmel! It is in the business district and we did have to use quite a bit of public transportation but that is what San Fran is about! The rooms were stunningly decorated- so unique and beautiful. The bed linens, pillows were so comfortable. The wine and cheese hour, included, between 5 and 6 was a classy touch that no one wanted to miss as was the Starbucks coffee in the mornings. We had a problem with a toilet and it was repaired immediately. We ate at the hotel restaurant and though it was very expensive, it was worth it. Great service, quality and selection. We loved this hotel and would recommend it highly! A great value for such luxury.	
Jul 8 2008 	My favorite hotel	This is really my favorite hotel pretty much anywhere. I had booked another hotel for my stay because the rates were so high for my dates. It turns out there was a huge convention going on at that time. On my second morning in the city, I called the Monaco to see if they had availablity. The rates were much better so I called a cab at 7:30 am and moved.I just love the Monaco. It was my first experience with a boutique hotel and it's just a fit for me. I've stayed at the huge convention hotels for conferences - and yes, the rooms are much larger. But, they are much more sterile as well. I love the colors, the vibe, the entire atmosphere of the hotel. Of course, I had the pet goldfish delivered to the room. I named it &quot;Cybil&quot; - in honor of Cybil Shepherd performing just blocks away in a one woman show.The location can't be beat. The rooms are fabulous. The staff is ALWAYS friendly and helpful and attentive. I consider staying at other Kimpton hotels in SF, but I know I'll always come back to the Monaco.Breakfast the morning of my move was a fabulous omelet at the Grand Cafe. I love this restaurant almost as much as the Monaco. :-)	
Jul 4 2008 	Great stay at the Hotel Monaco	I loved my stay at the Hotel Monaco, one of my most pleasant hotel stays ever. I had a double room on the 6th floor which wasn't exactly large, but not as tiny as some have mentioned. There was minimal street noise, much less than I expected.The room was extremely clean, the linens soft and high quality, and the bed was very comfy. The room had a lot of amenities like the DVD player and video game I didn't use, but they were nice to have. The in-room safe is a great feature, much appreciated. The mini bar was a regular fridge, so you can fit some bottles of your wine and water in there. The free WiFi was great, and even the IT guy I spoke to on the phone when I had trouble connecting was pleasant and helpful.The location was very convenient, and I agree with the others that most of areas of downtown SF are &quot;mixed,&quot; so it's not like it's an unsafe neighborhood. I had no problems walking around in the daytime and evenings alone.The evening wine and morning coffee are such a nice feature. However, like some others have said, the problem is with people's bad manners, not the hotel. During my stay, some parents allowed their kids to play noisy video games and wrestle around on the couches during the evening reception. What part of &quot;hosted wine reception&quot; says, &quot;Bring the kids!&quot; Overall, I don't think children are a problem at this hotel as it's clearly not trying to be &quot;child-friendly&quot; -- I think it's just summer and a lot of families are traveling. I would not want a dread of unruly children to keep people from this lovely hotel.	
Jun 19 2008 	Wonderful Two Night Stay	The Monaco is a quirky and wonderful place. The staff gives the impression that they really care about their guests.Our room was not large (queen double), but it was clean and extremely comfortable. Some negative reviews stated that 2 people could not walk in the room at the same time. My suggestion is that they really need to go on a serious diet.The bed was one of the most comfortable I have experienced in a hotel. We got an inside room on the 3rd floor and could hear no traffic noise which is unusual for San Francisco.The wine and cheese reception in the evening was great. It was a good chance to talk to other guests. The only problem the first evening was that some guests allowed their children to play in the cheese dish. This was not the fault of the hotel but of parents who have no control of their little charmers. The next night there were thankfully no children present.The comments about the neighborhood being dangerous were really off base. The Tenderloin starts about a block west of the Monaco and if you choose to walk in that direction it isn't dangerous. Just go about your business like you know where you are going. You might be approached by street people but if you ignore them they pose no threat. If you want to avoid them just walk east toward Union Square.I think that the best thing going for the Monaco are the employees. Everyone from the bell person to the desk were great.I would not hesitate recommending this hotel to my friends	
Jun 17 2008 	Fantastic Retreat	My wife and I stayed at the Monaco for two nights this week. From the moment we stepped into the lobby until the end of our stay we felt that this was a staff that truly cared about their guests. I have worked at Disneyland, which prides itself on having guests, not customers, but Disney employees could learn a few things from the staff of the Monaco.Our room was not large, but was very comfortable and furnished in a quaint fashion. The bed was very comfortable and the room, which was inside, was very quiet. This is unusual for San Francisco where traffic noise and sirens are the norm.Housekeeping was spotless. The bathroom was as clean and spotless as our home. The shower pressure was great and the water hot..The bathrobes were a little heavy but warm. Like the stripped room having tiger and leopard bathrobes were fun.The wine and cheese reception was wonderful. The first night a number of children from about 2 to 8 years old who were with their parents (not under their control) spoiled the atmosphere. They were playing with the cheese which was on a table. One 2 year old had great fun touching each piece of cheese with their cute little hands. The parents were not at all concerned and if an employee would have said something I don't think the parents would have responded positively. The second night (Sunday) there were no children at the reception so it was a very pleasant affair with good conversation with other guests.Since we had a few hours between checkout and our Amtrak bus we stored our luggage in a locked storage area. The bell man who gave us back our luggage made sure that we didn't need transportation or help with our luggage.The concern that we witnessed by each and every employee was a rarity in our experience. This is a well run hotel that deserves business and we certainly will return.	
Jun 11 2008 	A Dedicated Hotel Monaco Fan	I just had to weigh in on this hotel -- I am actually writing my review while staying in the hotel. I come to San Francisco at least 5 times a year on business, and I always stay at the Hotel Monaco. The location is perfect in that it is very near Union Square, shopping, restaurants, but also near the business district. I have always found the staff to be attentive and pleasant. I have always found the rooms to be spacious (for SF), clean and comfortable. There is a fitness room, a spa, a business center (though I must suggest that the hotel install the Wordperfect converter on their Word software, I couldn't open my document this morning) that has both Mac and PC's. Also, the hotel is always nicely decorated (beautiful, in fact, at Christmas) and the salon where the nightly wine happy hour is held is comfortable with a fire place and overstuffed furniture. So, I love this hotel and think everyone should give it a try. And I am a Kimpton in-touch member, which I think is a great program.	
May 20 2008 	Lovely Hotel	My wife and I stayed here on vacation. The hotel is a very nice, romantic, botique hotel. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The staff was very friendly. The hotel offered wine tasting daily. The location is second to none in Union Square.	
May 19 2008 	Best weekend in SF ever!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for an anniversary weekend in SF. We were allowed to check in early, and found our room to be spacious and beautiful. The place was spotlessly clean and the bed was huge. The showers had great water pressure, which seems to be rare even in really nice hotels. The staff couldn't have been nicer- they had a bottle of champagne and box of chocolates sent to our room as an anniversary gift! The neighborhood- well, it's pretty mixed, but hey, so is most of downtown SF! It's busy and lively enough that we never felt unsafe- there are just too many theatergoers around, and the doorman was always vigilant. There's a Walgreens right across the street for any last-minute needs, and taxis drive by fairly often. You're within walking distance of Union Square and the major shopping areas, as well as cable cars and tons of great restaurants and bars.This is the nicest of the Kimpton hotels we've stayed at- it has the usual Kimpton friendliness with a bit nicer decor and amenities.	
May 15 2008 	Didn't match the hype	Not nearly as good as I had hoped. The room was tiny--and yes, I know SF rooms are often small, but this was half the size of my room recently at the Omni. There was no room for a chair. I requested my pet goldfish and wasn't brought one. Good thing, as there was nowhere to put it. They make a lot of effort to separate you from your money. There's a mandatory 20% gratuity on room service. What's this for? The delivery, I guess. But wait, there's already a $3 delivery fee as well. Really really cheap of them. Other things like, they offer you a free toothbrush but if you take it, they charge you for it and only remove the charge if you point out that there's a sign in the room saying it's free. It really irritates me how the more expensive the hotel is, the more stingy they act. Internet didn't work for 20 hours and they couldn't figure out why. The spa was closed and has been for weeks, which was a big disappointment as that had been a big selling point for me. Overall, it was okay as the striped walls were cute, but not nearly as nice or friendly as I had hoped.	
May 8 2008 	Great Hotel - Not so great city .....	This is a lovely boutique hotel and the photos you see do it justice! However, the location is quite a noisy area and overall we're not too enthralled with San Francisco at the moment for a variety of reasons. So I would very much recomment this hotel if you're looking for comfort and shopping convenience. Not good for walking to say Fishermans Wharf, way too far but good for shopping access and good nearby restaurants. The breakfast is well worth it in this hotel and the staff are really lovely so no major complaints at all. It's the 3rd time we've been to SF and the best hotel we've stayed in during those times, but make sure you get a room that's not overlooking any of the roads surrounding it or you'll be very tired next day!	
Apr 12 2008 	Great experience with a sting in the tail	Make no mistake, this is an excellent hotel.Staff are friendly and welcoming and the hotel is ideally situated. Walk out of its front doors and you are in the heart of this wonderful city.There is great shopping on the doorstep, the tram stop is around the corner and you are in easy walking distance of Chinatown, North Beach and the Embarcadero.The hotel is full of character and eccentric touches abound in its fixtures and fittings. The deluxe king room was big enough; it was clean and the bed very comfortable. The air conditioning worked satisfactorily and the large flat screen television was easy to watch. On the fourth floor and looking down on the street scene, it met all our needs. I could not comment on some of the more quirky aspects eg tarot readings and chair massage during wine tastings but on returning to the hotel in the evening these gatherings were well-attended and guests seemed to be having a good time,The hotel lounge made a great place to start the day, with newspapers and Starbucks coffee freely available. The only negative came when we returned to find 120 dollars deducted from the credit card for no good reason, necessitating a transatlantic telephone call.It turned out we were wrongly charged for taking branded t-shirts and a pair of shorts from the room.They were not there when we arrived and even if they had been we are not the “been there, done it, got the t-shirt” kind of people.Although the money was refunded, it was a sour note to what had been a sweet experience. What was also disappointing was that there was no response to comments posted to both the hotel and corporate sites explaining what had happened.	
Feb 24 2008 	Even the guy cleaning the urinals is cheerful and friendly!	Our consultants booked the Hotel Monaco for our annual conference this year. I believe their criteria was that it would need to be close to great retail, check, close to great restaurants, check and be modern while being a reflection of the city - double check.The Rooms,Each person in our group had a Queen Canopy room, small, yes, but the room was meant to be slept in, not lived in. Great things in the rooms include the slippers, funky bathrobes and iPod friendly radio and stereos. I was on the fifth floor with a view of the garbage cans, not a problem for me as I wasn't going to stay in my room except to sleep. The bed and pillows were super comfortable. The wifi was spotty - I think it was because of the gaming convention in town that week, but worked most of the time and quickly. My room was very clean.The Meeting RoomI bring the projector and laptop for our group to use so this is important to me. The wires and screen were there and ready everyday for my use. Tables, food, drink, notepads, pens were all set up in advance of our arrival every morning. The room and amenities were clean, really really clean. Lunches were delivered on time and were a great selection for everyone - the Polenta was supreme.Front Desk StaffWonderful greeting every time you go past them, they are efficient and happy to help - the concierge helped me map out and arrange a siteseeing trip with their preferred limo service. They were fantastic - without question.Door StaffRarely did I have to open the door myself. Again, like the front desk staff, they are wonderful in their greetings and professional in their attitudes while getting their jobs done. Ken was great to all of us.Cleaning staffEven the guy cleaning the urinals was cheerful and friendly - that is a new one for the books at my end. The cleaning ladies always said hello as I walked through the halls.LocationIf you like shopping, it's awesome. If you like restaurants, it's the best. The only issue is the street people, but if you are going to San Francisco (or any big or small American City) you will find them. Correct that, they will find you. They avoid the entrance to the Hotel Monaco - I attribute this to the excellent Door staff. The BarClosed early by my standards, but had a great atmosphere like the hotel.Hotel AtmosphereThe hotel is designed in such a cool way and kept up. They must have someone painting everyday because tale tale signs of age were not visible to me. I am a wedding photographer and would have loved to make photographs in the hotel, the stairway is grand and the furniture appropriate to the design.	
Jan 30 2008 	Perfect!	Halfway through my weeklong stay at the Monaco, and I'm so impressed I am compelled to write a review. As a business traveler the free coffee and tea service in the morning, and free wine hour in the evening, are great ways to start and end the day. The staff is friendly, welcoming, and efficient. I had chocolates in my room when I arrived, which was a nice touch. The property is clean and well-appointed - but the thing that really impressed me is that the housekeeper left a quart-size baggie on the counter for me today for taking the toiletries on the plane - without my even having to ask. It's the little things. The hotel is about four blocks from Union Square shopping - parts of the surrounding neighborhood can feel a little sketchy, but that just reinforced the feeling of the Monaco as a welcome oasis! Love it. Will certainly return if my travels take me back to San Francisco.	
Jan 29 2008 	nice amenities tiny room bad wifi	i stayed a week in this hotel while in town on business. at check in they told me they had sold out of king size rooms and would be putting me in a queen canopy room. this room was incredibly small, and was crowded with furniture. the room itself was only 10x12 and was jammed with the queen sized bed, a chair, an ottoman, a desk, a nightstand, and a amour. The room included a DVD player, stereo, Ipod capable alarm clock, and cordless phone. The in room coffee maker was nearly impossible to use since the bathroom had little shelf space for it. The service was alright, although I had very little contact with anyone after check-in, even though they told me they would inform me if a larger room became available.The free WIFI internet advertised is slower than dial-up. That is not an exaggeration. If you want to get faster access you have to pay $4.99 a day. This may have been because the hotel was at or near fully occupied, but don't count on this.I got the room at a lower than normal rate of $119/night. I think that's probably about what it's worth.	
Jan 10 2008	Luxury Hotel Close to Everything	I stayed at this hotel last spring and it was a bargain at $80 on Priceline! The room wasn't the biggest, but it was definitely &quot;luxury.&quot; I think we had the queen sized room, nothing fancy, just a beautiful canopy bed, desk and entertainment center. The bed was absolutely fantastic. Usually, I sleep awful in hotels and can't help but thinking of the bed as a little grungy (imagining all those people there before me!), but this bed was SO comfortable and the sheets were like butter!I highly recommend this hotel. The staff was incredibly friendly - always a hello and goodbye when we entered and exited the hotel. And the location cannot be beat. So close to Union Square and San Francisco shopping!	
Jan 4 2008 	A wonderful honeymoon hotel	We stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 4 nights in October on the first leg of our Honeymoon. It was a perfect choice - excellent location, really friendly staff, lovely gym and spa and quirky, well decorated rooms with gorgeous toiletries. We stayed in a junior suite and it was lovely and spacious. The staff deserve a special mention - they couldn't do enough for us, from making meal recommendations to printing out directions for us for the next leg of our journey to save us using the business centre. The free coffee on a morning and wine and cheese evenings were special touches. We would certainly stay here again - it was a perfect base from which to explore this wonderful city.	
Dec 29 2007 	Wonderful Place!	We spent two nights at the Monaco in San Francisco. We had a mini suite and it was money well spent. The rooms were very nice, clean, and quiet. The bathroom was surprisingly large. I will definitely stay at the Monaco again.	
Dec 27 2007 	perfect	My partner and I wanted a quick get away for some holiday shopping, exploring and of course eating in SF. Hotel Monaco was perfect in every way. Reception was warm and room was romantic, small but very well appointed (we had a queen canopy room). They offer a wine and cheese reception in the eve with Taro card readings - fun. Would certainly return.	
Dec 9 2007 	Quirky extras - dont turn the wrong way out of the hotel though!	Part of a range of hotels that have a certain uniqueness to them. The location of the hotel is only a couple of blocks away from Union Squre, has some nice touches and is clean and tidy with a cute little gym and sauna. Adjoining Grand Cafe leaves you hungry and wanting more but overall the hotel is a fairly nice place to stay. One word of caution, the neighbourhood two blocks down is one of San Francisco's seedier parts of town called the Tenderloin but strangly enough, the majority of both hotels and theatres are located nearby. Staff are friendly and pleasant and there is even free wine tasting every night.	
Dec 8 2007 	Some info for first time San Francisco visitors.	As a former SF resident and now frequent visitor, please understand that for people that complain about beggars and the location and the room sizes - Hello! This is pretty much standard fare anywhere in SF or any big older city (NY) for that matter. The old buildings just are not that large to allow for huge spaces no matter the price ( Unless you are a big fish and can pay for the penthouse). That being said and having stayed in many hotels in SF, this place is great and a favorite.What I like: The staff- Very friendly and helpful. Not trendy or snobby like the Clift Hotel across the street.Perks- Wine and cheese every night, and the staff goes out of the way to make your stay comfortable.The rooms- Clean and recently remodeled and decent sized (for SF), modern whimsical design and comfortable. Quiet if you ( again like any big city hotel) ask ahead for such a room (upper floor or back of hotel not facing street) I recommend the King rooms. You can pay a fortune and stay at the Ritz and the rooms won't be much larger- really, I have.The lobby and dining room- warm and fabulous if you like eclectic high style design. It is not traditional and I love that.The location - As a former SF'er, I think this is a perfect location as it is short walk to Union square, theater, cable car, or a small cab fare to anything. Some other hotels are on top of Nob Hill and can be a pain (literally) if you like to city walk back home after dinner or shopping. My wife and I personally walk all over SF from here and never feel unsafe. Beggars, massage parlors, various seedy characters are all over SF like NY or any major metropolis of this kind. Practically any hotel in SF will find the same ambiance so don’t' let that ruin your stay - that is just colorful San Francisco. I lived here twenty years ago and it was the same way then and is unlikely to ever change.	
Nov 12 2007	absolutely beautiful!	Want a beautiful hotel with very pleasant people to be around with? You have to stay at the Hotel Monaco! Not only are the employees great to be be with but also the guests. People tend to be more happier at this hotel than any other hotels ive stayed at. The hotel includes complimentary high speed internet in all guestrooms and lobby; complimentary wine and cheese reception with taro card reader and quick massages; and the restaurant, Grand Cafe, is to die for. There really isnt more to ask for! If the services is great; the decor beautiful; the stay pleasant and the helpful staff are all top notch, there really isnt any other place to stay at.	
Nov 6 2007 	Quite a good hotel	First to address an issue that seems to crop up in other reviews of this hotel, namely the area. My wife and I both were a little concerned about staying so near what was reputed to be a bad area. I think the concern was partly justified in that the area nearby (Tenderloin) does not look safe and you would best avoid walking it (even the guide on the tour coach said it was dangerous). However the hotel doesnt closely border the area and guests who dont walk much further past the Monaco coming from Union Square direction should be perfectly safe. But as always in any major city keep your wits about you and keep wallets etc., secure. The hotel is located close to the AC Theatre and major shopping centres and there is a taxi rank just down the road.There are homeless all over San Francisco and not specifically in the hotels area. You can choose to ignore them and they wont bother you however we tried to give something whenever we had the change. We booked in June and got a good rate of $299 for a Queen canopy room. When we got there we found it wasnt the requested smoking room. After one night we were moved to a smoking suite on the top floor which was an immensely better room with the same rate (thanks Kirby!). The room facilities were excellent with one exception. We complained about a non working coffee maker three times in person to the front desk and each time they said it was fixed but it wasn't. This however was a very minor thing when balanced against the professional, friendly and courteous staff we found from the doorman through concierge, front desk staff and bell hop. The room was cleaned thoroughly each day and towels etc changed. The L'Occitane freebies were nice and the decor tastefully designed.The restaurant/bar is pricey but then so is every other decent hotel and the price list is displayed clearly. With plenty of alternatives close by you dont have to eat there.Overall we would stay there in a heartbeat if we were going to the city again and, based on our experience I thoroughly recommend it.	
Nov 5 2007 	Rooms were so Small!	We had heard good things about this hotel from TripAdvisor, other people, etc. but were so dissappointed. Our room was so small and for $389/night it was definitely not worth it. The service was just okay - definitely nothing special. You can hear everything around you when inside the room. The couple next to us were screaming and fighting for 2 hours and we could hear every word they said! Thank god we had to leave to go to a wedding so we weren't in the room for very long. The couple came back at 4AM and started right up again with their fighting. Then I smelled marijuana smoke coming from their room from the connecting door in our room - it was horrible! I tried calling the front desk 5 times but no one ever picked up the phone. Needless to say - I would never return to this hotel.	
Oct 28 2007 	Make Sure You Get A King Sized Room	My husband and I stayed at the Monaco for 4 nights. We had requested a King Bed, but one was not available upon check in. The queen sized room was tiny (although bigger than others). The room had almost no light, it was impossible to read a book.The second night, they were able to move us to a King Room. The nice man at the desk (Kirby) offered us a King room at no additional charge, or a Parlor Suite for $60 extra per night. He showed me both. Other than a small alcove with a loveseat, there was virtually NO difference in the rooms. Both were twice as big as the queen, and much brighter! They moved all of our luggage quickly.The hotel is in a good location, not far from Union Square, Market Street, Cable Cars, etc. The staff was very nice. We ate dinner Saturday night at the Grand Cafe (hotel restaurant). It was excellent, not cheap, but outstanding food. We were with people who lived in San Francisco, and they chose to go there, so we figured it must be good, and it was!	
Oct 19 2007 	Not bad actually!	As most Kimpton-owned hotels, this place had certain pleasant flair to it. The property is set up in a tasteful retro style, consistent throughout the hotel. The overall condition of the hotel was quite fine, but it will definitely need some renovation soon. The staff were always helpful and skilled, absolutely no complaints. Our room was spacious, but slightly dark. Very good bed, excellent bathroom. The property is not noisy at all, we always could get a good sleep. Slightly problematic is the neighborhood. The hotel is close to UnionSquare, but situated at the wrong side of it, as are the San Francisco Hilton, Parc Fifty-Five and some other properties. The Tenderloin is not the most pleasant district; there is a lot of beggars and homeless people working the streets. It sometimes feels unsafe to be outside at night there, don't know if it actually is. Overall, a pleasant experience slightly damages by the fact that theytried very hard to charge me again for the prepaid room.	
Oct 8 2007 	very cute and romantic!	Booked the best suite in this hotel for a special occasion, it is an amazing hotel. We got the suite with the jacuzzi in the bathroom, it's nicely decorated, she loved the windows which you could site next to and just people watch, it's located near the theater district so it's perfect for a night out at the theaters and a special surprise... ;)	
Sep 19 2007 	A unique place in a unique city	Going to San Francisco, I thought part of the fun of the trip would be to stay in a non-traditional hotel. Thanks to this website and its reviews, we found it! We were there in mid-August, and the weather was actually fall-like, a nice break from 90-degree humid Ohio.NOTES: 1)The staff was very friendly -- it seemed everyone who worked there took pride in the place. We were able to check in early with no problem (couldn't say the same about the Bellagio in Vegas, where our room cost twice as much and service was lousy). 2) Freebies: Wine &amp; Cheese Hour was fun, although the Tarot Card reader made it rather clear that although it was a free reading, a suggested gratuity of $20 would be appreciated -- the reading took about 3 minutes, so not a real good return on my investment there. In the morning, a New York Times is delivered to your door. They also have free Chronicles downstairs in the lobby. It was fun to sit in the living room in front of the fireplace and read the papers while getting geeked on free Starbucks.3) There are a ton of great places to go to eat or have a drink within walking distance, including a cool bar &quot;Swig&quot; and an Irish bar a few blocks over toward the shopping area. The Olympic Cafe on the next block over doesn't look like much, but it has a good breakfast, and The Daily News Cafe (?) nearby was the best meal we had. Skip the hotel restaurant -- overpriced and we sat there 10 minutes waiting for a server to acknowledge us once we were seated. We ducked out of there and went to King of Thai Noodle, where we got great service for probably 1/6th of the price of a dinner back at the hotel. 4) At our request we did receive a fish, &quot;John&quot;, who made it only 2 days out of our 7-day stay. I called the front desk when the fish turned on his side -- they promised to send someone up to get the fish and return it to the big aquarium, but no one came and John checked out (permanently) not long thereafter.5) The hotel's location is great -- close to good shopping (Bloomie's, Nordstrom, etc.), the cable car lines, and all sorts of transit. I regret that we rented a car for the whole week we were there -- parking is really expensive, although the bellman did clue us into a cheaper garage around the corner from the hotel. Still, it worked out to be $32/day to park in that garage.6) Our room was tiny, but decorated so cool -- the striped walls helped to make it seem bigger. The room also came with a game system and an alarm clock you could dock an iPod into. All in all, this hotel is exactly what I was looking for. I would stay here again, and I hope to be able to come back to SFO soon. I miss it already.	
Sep 17 2007 	Okay.........	Stayed 9/12/07 through 9/16/07. Hotel location okay, not far from BART (public transport). Lots of beggars in the theater district. Rooms was clean but they are very very small. Did not like the smell in the lobby, reminded me of old lady talcum powder. We moved to Chinatown for the second part of our trip. Stayed at Royal Pacific Motor Inn, 100.00 cheaper, had much better time and location. NO beggars, guess the Chinese do not reward those people. The food in this area much better, right next to the Italian distric too. I would really not reccomend this Hotel for the price.	
Sep 11 2007 	Wonderful	I just returned from a five day time-of-my-life trip from San Francisco where I stayed at the Hotel Monaco. Yes, my room was small and lacking in natural light but I did not spend that many daylight hours there. It was clean and comfortable. I loved the bed and bath linens, the funky fluffy robes as well as the L'Occitane toiletries. From check-in, to concierge services, to the doormen, to the car service for hire, the people at the hotel were friendly and helpful. This is a boutique hotel staffed by down-to-earth people. The hotel is across the street the theatre, on the opposite corner of a pharmacy, kiddy corner a Starbucks, 2 blocks from Union Square, 6 blocks from Nob Hill and 20 minutes to the airport. I walked everywhere in the day and used the car service to dinner every night. I will return to San Franciso soon and would stay at the Monaco again in a heartbeat.	
Sep 9 2007	Kimpton disappointment	My husband and I have always enjoyed staying at Kimpton hotels. For our recent anniversary, we booked the Hotel Monaco in San Francisco. While there were some positives, the overall experience was one of disappointment. First of all, we requested a non-smoking room. The room was nice, with separate sitting room and king-sized bed. However, it reeked of stale smoke. We should have asked for a new room, but didn't. We opened windows and aired it out for hours and hours, to no avail. Then, when we went to shower, the water never got hot. Not even warm. We called the desk, and they sent up someone from engineering. After 40 minutes in and out of the room, it was warm enough to shower. Barely.We paid well over $400/night for this room! To pay that much and not be able to take a hot shower, well, it's unacceptable. We tactfully told them of our disappointment, and they took $50 off the bill. BFD. We won't be back.	
Sep 5 2007 	It's Fine	We chose the Monaco for three reasons: it has received pretty good reviews on this site; its location (close to Union Square); and its friendliness toward pets (we brought our dachshund). To be sure, the area around the hotel is very mixed (quite a few upscale restaurants, some of SF's best theaters and galleries, and sundry homeless people begging for quarters). But the hotel itself is welcoming, clean, and efficiently run. The desk staff were couteous, and we found the somewhat cramped room adequate for our needs. The only drawback to the room was the poor lighting, which made it difficult for two people to read their books in bed at the same time. There is nothing particularly inspiring or offensive about the Monaco. For three nights, it served its purpose, and we'll probably return there in the future.	
Sep 4 2007 	Magic Monaco	This is a very fine hotel. My wife and two daughters stayed for four days in August 2007. We noted the complaint others had made of small rooms and booked two deluxe rooms. We got what we paid for. The rooms were comfortable and spacious enough.We have stayed at all kinds of hotels and what you must do especially if this is for pleasure is to keep an open mind. We were intrigued by the thought of the wine and cheese reception and the Tarot card readings. Both were fun eccentric and a great way for we forefingers to be able to instantly meet others. The location was superb for the Theater, one block away, the shops, the cable car small and interesting eateries, and frankly having a great time. I have said more than I usually would about a hotel to try in some way compensate for the shortsighted criticisms which plague this hotel. OK it is far form perfect but it is great fun and in that sense value for money.	
Aug 30 2007 	Secret hideaway	This is the best hotel in SF. Perfect location, just enough 'fuss', great bar next door for late night repast and drink.	
Aug 30 2007 	Very strange but largely pleasant	Remember those vintage travel posters (you know, those beautiful old railway, steam liner, and flight posters done by various artists?) Now imagine that they come to life. You walk into rooms with furniture that harkens back to the &quot;Golden Age of Travel.&quot; There are leather steamer trunks and stylized furnishings and art that suggest that era. . . . . . .but not exclusively. Ay, there's the rub. Now imagine that workers from a local brothel and circus became shareholders in the place and inserted their own flare every once in awhile throughout the joint. Put it all together and NOW you can envision the Hotel Monaco San Francisco. The bellmen look like pimps in purple velvet suits and hats. (I honestly thought I was being propositioned when one of them startled me from behind as I got out of the cab.) The bedrooms have two terry cloth bathrobes, one in zebra print the other leopard. The lamps in the rooms will remind you of the circus with their big block letters, and for some strange reason if you have a room with a canopy, the material and position of it will make it seem as though you are sleeping in a puppet theater. In the evenings you can head downstairs for a very strange happy hour that includes free wine, chair massages, and tarot card readings......I repeat tarot card readings! The place is zany, it's odd, it has some weird vintage travel/ brothel/circus interior design fusion going on, and frankly, it isn’t bad at all if you are in the market for something unique. So, what was bad? Well, there are very few rooms with King beds and so we didn't get one and slept in a queen for 5 nights. The rooms are also very small. The ice machine is on a different floor, and personally, I think the pimped out bellmen are creepy. Also, the attached restaurant is French with very heavy food and poor service. I've been to France, I find the people lovely. The waiters at this place epitomized an old stereotype of French waiters: snooty and lacking in service. Oddly, it's as if they were trying to put on that air. But, there is no end to great food in The City, so it didn't matter that much, we just didn't go there again.The good? The rooms are totally unique, the staff is VERY responsive and friendly, and the hotel prides itself on being pet friendly. So pet friendly are they that if you had to leave your beloved pet at home, they will give you a pet goldfish for the duration of your stay. WA-WA-WHAT? That's right, ask for a pet goldfish and they will apparently bring you one and housekeeping will take care of it for you. Zany! Other good aspects, the toiletries from L'Occitane were very nice. The plantain shutters on the large windows were great, and the desk area was nice to work at. We also liked the location. As for homeless individuals in the area. . . . .welcome to San Francisco. I don't know why some reviewers thought the area around this hotel was worse than other places. We thought it was the same as everywhere else. So in general, it's a funky place and we had a nice stay there. Add some more king size beds and I would say it is a great place.	
Aug 14 2007 	loved the Monaco	We stayed in the monaco for 3 nights and we thought it was a very nice hotel. First of all it was in a good neighbourhood;very close by union square which is a very nice area. We thought the hotel was very beautifully decorated, and everyone was very kind. We had our breakfast in the restaurant below which looked really great too. It is a petfriendly hotel, but when you don't bring your pet they'll have a pet for you in your room; a goldfish! My daughter of 11 really enjoyed that. They even put a sign with the fish: &quot;Hello, my name is Gunther&quot; which we found very funny. The only thing is that on the 3rd day when we came back in our room the fish had died... My daughter was very sad. That evening a new fish arrived, but this one didn't give the pleasure that Gunther gave her!!	
Aug 7 2007 	Too little for too much	The lobby, bar and restaurant are beautiful. The room was well decorated but so small I felt totally ripped off. We paid for a special package that included massage. The spa/massage in the basement was excellent. But I literally had to climb over a chair to get out of the bed. Nearly impossible for my husband and I to walk move around at the same time. Also, while the restaurant is beautiful it had no vegetarian options. So, if you're a veggie - go somewhere else for dinner! The location is good if you are there to shop Union Square or see a show.	
Aug 5 2007 	Great stay at Hotel Monaco	I stayed at Hotel Monaco in San Francisco from July 29, 2007 - August 1, 2007. The hotel staff was professional and courteous, and very knowledgeable about the area. They provided a lot of great recommendations. I stayed in a queen deluxe room. The room was clean and nicely appointed. However, it was small. My friend stayed in a queen canopy room, and that was even smaller. Both of the rooms were fine for one person, but for two people I would definitely upgrade to a larger room.The hotel is in a great location. It is within walking distance to great shopping, restaurants, and bars. I noticed a comment on Trip Advisor about there being a lot of homeless people around the hotel. Unfortunately, there are homeless people all over Union Square. The hotel has a doorman, and we felt very safe in and around the hotel.	
Aug 5 2007	hotel grew on me but area did not	First impressions make a huge difference to how one sees a place. Arriving at about 6pm on a Saturday we saw a large number of homeless people asking us for money as we walked from Powell Street Bart to the hotel and when we arrived no doorman in sight making my young teenage daughter feel a bit frightened. The room was smaller than I had anticipated with not a lot of space to hang our clothes (and we had quite a few as we were travelling around the states for 3 weeks) however the front desk were really helpful and dealt with my many plaintiff demands with speed, politeness and great good humour (more than I would have shown myself as I was not in a particularly happy frame of mind) The concierge and front desk were patient and helpful when booking restaurants, advising on transport etc. The hotel was kept spotlessly clean. The bed was comfortable, the shower had good water pressure and lots of hot and cold water, the food in the restaurant lovely (as again were the staff) and the goldfish a great help in setling us in! The first night of wine and cheese great with lots of couples and individual travellers chatting to each other but not so good on other nights when large parties of conference groups were there talking only amongst themselves. From a negative start I ended up feeling really posative about the hotel. It was clean, comfortable, enjoyable and friendly. The area it is in is not so good. Easy walking distance, or bus journey, to most of the sights it has however an uncomfortable feel. I found it hard not to feel guilty enjoying myself when there were so many poor, hungry, homeless people nearby and, selfish as this sounds, ithis had a negative impact on our holiday. Probably a good life lesson for my daughter but not quite what I was paying for!	
Jul 31 2007	Excellent	well located hotel with great staff. The basic rooms are tiny, so upgrade to the suites facing Geary Street, which are quite pleasant. Romm service was terrific and quick, and the rooms immaculate. Hard to beat this little gem.The doorman in the purple velvet was, however, a little much!	
Jul 30 2007 	small MEANS small	I booked this hotel after reading such great reviews on Trip Advisor and Expedia. My honest opinion? It was nice, I think for the price you can get a better hotel in a better location. It's a few blocks from Union Square and there is a pretty cool little breakfast diner next door. The complimentary wine hour is nice. The cons...I booked our room in March (4months in advance). We get checked into our room, which was a queen canopy and actually a good size. We were so exhausted, we just hit the bed when we got there. The next day, I noticed the hallway smelled like stale smoke. Well guess what? WARNING The 7th floor is 1/2 smoking, which means all smoking. I called and the Front Desk moved us the next day into another room, literally the size of a postage stamp. WARNING 3rd floor is the postage stamp. When these people say small as the con, they ARE NOT kidding. I have been to every major city in the country and never imagined SMALL could actually be SO SMALL...So I called back, she said there was nothing else availabe, so I asked to be moved back to our &quot;not smoking side of the smoking floor room&quot;. I could deal with the foul stench better than the clausterphobia I got in that room. The staff was nice. I feel like they give bad service politely, but it's still bad service. They said they would put an iodizer in our room to help with the smell, of course they didn't. At this point, I realized that contacting the front desk is pointless. So, personally...I would definitely stay somewhere else if I had to do a Queen Canopy again. I can't speak for the Suites. If they are not on the 7th floor, I'm sure they are lovely. The rooms were cute and quirky.	
Jul 23 2007 	Great SF retreat	Stayed at the Monaco for 2 days. Booked a Suite as the hotel has very small rooms. Suite is about 40 Square meters so I can Immagine the regular rooms are rather small. Excellent service, room and in general a perfect stay. Hotel is in perfect condition. Cookies and wine tasting is great	
Jul 20 2007 	Fabulous Fun	We stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 6 nights and really loved it. It has the charm and service of an inn but the size of a hotel. The room (try not to get a canopy room - too small) was very colorful and loaded with charm. They refreshed the french soaps and shampoos every day. They also had a happy hour every night with wine and cheese, complimentary neck massage and tarot card reading - really fun.The service was really excellent - everyone was friendly and helpful. Room service was very fast too.I just really enjoyed our stay there. Union Square is not the most charming area to stay in, but it is convenient to all modes of transportation, great for shoppers and the square always had something fun going on like live music or an art show.Down Maiden Lane nearby was a wonderful Italian cafe with outside seating with excellent food and good music.	
Jul 14 2007 	Great hotel except the room size	We stayed in the hotel Monaco for 3 nights and overall had a good experiance.The one down side is the small size of the rooms, a common complaint I have noticed on other reviews. The room however was clean and had everything you required.We loved the 2 restaurants in the hotel - The Grand and Petite cafes - the petit was great for late supper after seeing a show nearby.The location is very central to union square,cable cars and all the shopping.The 5-6pm free wine and cheese with a free massage or tarot reading was an interesting addition.The number of beggars in the area was noted but did not distract from the hotels location.Overall a very enjoyable stay.	
Jul 4 2007 	Lovely hotel terrible location	I have stayed at nearly all of the Kimpton's boutique hotels in San Fran, and I have to say I just don't like them. Don't misunderstand me, the hotels are absolutely lovely ... quirky decor, pleasant amenities (who doesn't love having the NY Times at their doorstep in the morning?) and superb staff ... but I just can't get over the horrid location. San Fran is a beautiful city, but there is a dense population of homeless beggers who lurk in this area (Union Square / Tenderloin). It makes for an undesirable experience whenever leaving or returning to the hotel. I imagine in a few years the area will be gentrified and cleaned up, but for what the hotel charges I'm not sure it's worth enduring the wait. One other side note, the business center at the Monaco was fantastic but the work space in the rooms themselves was arguably the worst I've ever seen (wireless internet, yes, but desk space, no).	
Jun 28 2007 	Very nice stay	I stayed at the Hotel Monaco from June 21 to 25 with my son. It was a very beautiful hotel and the photos and previous reviews were very accurate. Yes the rooms are small, but so would be any other room in New York. How much time do we really spend in our rooms anyways? We spent very little. The room and bathroom was very clean. The location was great and very close to union square. The staff were very friendly, curteous and always asking to help. The restaurant was not very good, but there are so many choices in San Fran that you shouldn't be worried. The value for the room was great. We got $125 per night. I would recommend this hotel and would stay again.	
Jun 23 2007 	nice but some flaws	We felt lucky when we got this hotel on priceline for $85/night. We do not agree, however, that this is a four star hotel--more like 3 stars. No extra pillows or blankets in the closet. I got chilly at night, and the bedspread had been removed with turndown service and there were no extra blankets. Room was very, very small, considering that we got a huge room at the SF Marriott last time for $100/ngt. Hot tub was very nice and soothing, but was out of order for half our stay--disappointing. The wine and cheese from 5-7 ran out around 5:45--again disappointing. Lobby was lovely. We parked in the garage on Taylor recommended by other tripadvisors--a great deal for $18/ngt. Get your ticket validated by the hotel on check out. Dinner at the Millenium only a block from the hotel was beyond belief--we are vegans, but even my son loved it. Bed was quite comfortable, linens were high quality, no noise from neighboring rooms.	
Jun 16 2007 	Excellent hotel!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for a 3 night stay. The location is great, the staff were really efficient and helpful, and the rooms very clean and well decorated. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting San Francisco...........	
May 29 2007 	Beautiful hotel.	A beautiful, boutique hotel. Incredibly friendly, attentive staff, restored, elegant cafe', and well-appointed rooms with wonderful attention to detail. We stayed there for the first night in San Francisco, and it was a fabulous way to begin our trip and to be introduced to the city. That night, exhausted, we ordered room service, not expecting much, and shared the most delicious and well presented sandwich I have ever had without paying exorbitant prices. The ONLY drawback was that the room was a little small, and the view looked out onto a courtyard. For a longer stay, I might get a little antsy. Highly recommended for a shorter, romantic trip	
May 22 2007 	The Only Chain Worth Going To	We usually stay at a cheaper place when we go to the city, but we happened to go up on the weekend of the Oracle convention and the Monaco was the only hotel that had a room. It was a bit pricey, but it is lovely. The staff was great. There is wine in the lobby every afternoon. The room isn't your usual bland chain hotel crap. The location is great. I would definately recommend it.	
May 17 2007 	Very nice hotel	I had a very pleasant stay here, highly recommended. The rooms &amp; hotel are exceptionally clean. The hotel is maintained in like-new condition. The hotel stay are the most pleasant I've encountered, always a smile and a pleasant word. The rooms are small compared to the typical 4-star hotel, but are big enough. My room faced into an small interior courtyard. Because of that, the room was very quiet. However, the windows in the room faced directly into other nearby rooms.The New York Times is delivered to your door early each morning except Sunday. There are copies of the S.F. Chronicle, Wall Street Journal &amp; Financial Times available in the the lobby. The cheaper rooms do not have coffee pots in the room, probably because of lack of space. The rooms have a CD player/ stereo and a DVD player. My room had a Sony tube-type TV.The hotel provides free coffee &amp; tea in the lobby from 6 AM - 10 AM. There is wine &amp; cheese from 5 PM to 6 PM. Sometimes there are cookies during the afternoon.The hotel is located two (longish) blocks from the main shopping district, Union Square. There is a Walgreens &amp; a small grocery across the street (Geary). There are some small sandwich shops nearby. Public transportation is also close. The hotel is on the edge of the Tenderloin district, perhaps the city's most dangerous neighborhood. However, the immediate area around the hotel and the area along Geary St. between the hotel and Union Square seemed to be reasonably safe. The hotel keeps a doorman outside the hotel most of the time.Overall I enjoyed the hotel &amp; was very impressed by the service.	
May 14 2007 	Loved The Hotel Monaco	SPECTACULAR, My partner booked a surprise birthday weekend for me to San Fran and she had researched many properties but ended up picking the Hotel Monaco on Geary Street. We were greeted by Mariin, (pronounced Marion), at the front desk and she organized a wonderful room for us. She was professional,friendly and made you feel very much at home. The room was AWESOME and clean with a huge bathroom and jacuzzi tub and very comfy King size bed. The hotel staff were friendly and accomodating ready to answer any questions and available for recommendations to restaurants and sights etc. The hotel is located two blocks off of Powell street, which is the cable care line....easy walking distance.We will definitley return to the Hotel Monaco and urge others to try as well....ask for Mariin she is wonderful! Happy Travels....i left my heart in San Fran.....	
Apr 10 2007 	Fantastic location.	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 3 nights. Check-in was quick and efficient. A staff member was standing outside the hotel when we drove up, and immediately unloaded our bags. We were welcomed by several others as soon as we walked into the building. When we returned from a short walk, we found that a goldfish bowl had been placed in our room. We stayed in a junior suite on the top floor. It was not especially large, but was very comfortable and attractively decorated. We didn't hear any noise whatsoever. The hotel itself is warm and inviting, with a beautiful restaurant. One of best things about this hotel is its location. We were able to walk everywhere; Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf, San Francisco Centre, Union Square, cable cars, etc.	
Apr 9 2007 	Wonderful...again!	My wife and I first stayed here on the San Francisco leg of our honeymoon in July 2005. We were there for 3 nights. Now, we're fortunate to live in the local area and went back for a weekend in the city and stayed at the Monaco again...it's still great. We arrived early and checked our bags with the bag check station. As I was handling the valet, my wife was chatting with the front desk personnel explaining that we had stayed here for our honeymoon and we were not going to be together for our anniversary this year because of my work. What a pleasant surprise it was to find they were gracious enough to send a bottle of champagne to our room for our &quot;almost anniversary.&quot; The rooms are very comfortable and spacious enough. They were very quick to have non-down pillows sent up as we asked. The wine hour they have was fun and the staff was very friendly and conversational. If you are a light sleeper and go to bed a little earlier than most, I would advise against room 224 or 225 - there is a balcony right by the doors to the rooms that overlooks the bar downstairs. The noise may keep you up. It's not deafening and is no worse than traffic, but you never know.	
Mar 25 2007 	The Monaco is a neat hotel	We spent four nights at the Monaco and it is a neat hotel in a good location. The rooms are on the small side, but they are very nicely decorated---enjoy one of their canopy beds! The service at the hotel was excellent and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Good choice for romantics!We also stayed one night at the nearby Donatello. If you don't care about &quot;character&quot;, you can save yourself about $100 per night and get a much larger room about a block away. I would also recommend the Donatello over the Monaco if you have children with you.	
Mar 24 2007	Loved it	Stayed one night because of a sudden change in travel arrangements. Got a deal for around 220. Wonderful, quiet room w/ queen bed. Extremely clean. Staff friendly but not intrusive. Located not far from Union square (3 or 4 blocks). Starbucks coffee in the morning available in what was called 'the living room'. Decor somewhat whimisical but not overly so. Cheery experience.Would defn stay here again.	
Mar 8 2007	Fun place to stay	This wasn't the most luxurious hotel I've ever stayed in and the rooms (at least at the lower price points) were pretty small, but this was more than made up for by the great staff, thoughtful and fun events like the happy hour, and fantastic location.Did I mention that I really liked the happy hour? Free wine and snacks and a very social, fun atmosphere. The fire was burning, I got a massage and came back every night while I stayed there. It's nice to actually meet people when you're traveling in a new city, and this facilitates that happening.Also, the spa downstairs was nice and the hot tub was very relaxing and in a beautiful space. This was a great place home base in SF.	
Mar 5 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	Stayed here for 5 nights with my wife and 2 teenage kids and it couldnt have been better. Great location, fantastic attitude and friendliness of staff coupled with clean well equiped room [dvd, hi-fi etc] makes this a great choice. The free wine/beer/soft drinks each evening [5-6pm] are a bonus as are the free cookies during the day. Also add a goldfish to your room for something a bit different [its free and the hotels known for it]. Restaurant and bar are also good.For someone who has stayed in some great hotels around the world this is up there with them. Would definatly stay here again.	
Jan 2 2007 	As perfect as last time	Stayed here for one night for my daughters 18th birthday. We had stayed here before couple of months ago when I brought her and a friend to a show at the Civic. I'm a travel agent and the Kimpton hotels are great for us. They discount during the week which I love since I travel alot. Always are helpful at the front desk. Great room service.The concierge Sunny hooked us up with reservations for Japanese food a fun place the girls loved.She also sent up chocolates ansd sparkling cider(very nice touch).We also live the goldfish. Last time we had a little noice where are room was. This time a corner room and slept like babies.	
Dec 27 2006	Great Location Unique Hotel	We spent 2 days In San Francisco at the Hotel Monaco and we couldn't be happier. The hotel was everything we wanted, close to shopping, and transportation. The staff was friendly and helpful. I asked for some tea one night and they responded quickly with a few to select from. The room was not your standard room. It was very eclectic and filled with funky accessories like black and white lamps and large colorful pillows. The wine and cheese party held each night was an added bonus. A good breakfast spot was the Mason Cafe on Mason Street. We also enjoyed Chow in the Castro area for a very reasonable and delicious dinner. I agree with all the people who gave the Hotel Monaco a good rating. I would definitely return there.	
Oct 26 2006 	Excellent hotel	We arrived at the hotel directly from our London-SF flight and stayed there for one night. The welcome was warm, quick and hassle free. The suite we had booked was comfortable, large, well furnished and equipped and the bathroom spacious. The reception area is excitingly but elegantly decorated and the daily wine reception pleasant. Overall an excellent hotel that did all the basics extremely well but provided a little flair and something different. Great location too. Strongly recommended.	
Oct 16 2006 	Once Again! A great romantic stay! And some parking tips.	We have stayed here before, in fact, it is where we were engaged. The canopy beds and cute decor are always a welcome departure from the traditional hotel fare in big cities everywhere. This stay was just as pleasant as our others but I had to share a newfound secret: If you don't book a parking/hotel combo package with the hotel, try the street parking on the hotel's cross street, Taylor, just before 6pm. It's metered until 6pm but after that it's free! And if you don't catch one of those spots, there is a parking garage open 24hrs on Taylor one block from Geary (the corner where the hotel is) that is cheaper than giving the car to valet at the hotel, especially on weekdays ($18/day + tax). This is the garage the hotel uses anyway and they are much faster bringing your car to you than to the hotel.	
Oct 16 2006 	good in parts	We booked the Hotel Monaco for a four night stay and chose it over other hotels in San Francisco for the location and the little extras that the hotel seemed to offer. When we arrived at the hotel, the check in was prompt and it was nice to be offered a glass of wine. However, there was a snobbish atomsphere in the hotel and we felt a bit uncomfortable by this as we felt a bit under-dressed (but we had just arrived off a flight and comfort was our priority). The room was very small but I guess this is to be expected in an older city hotel.We got room service once and the food wasnt very good. We didnt eat in the hotel again. In addition to this we never got another glass of wine. We arrived back at the hotel one of the days at the time of the wine reception but all the wine was gone. All in all, it was a nice hotel (the concierge lady was very friendly and helpful) but we tried to stay out of the hotel as much as possible as we didnt like the somewhat pretentious atmosphere.	
Oct 5 2006 	Bedbugs!	I've actually stayed here a number of times. VERY cute rooms, with a nice style. The meetings department could use some work, but overall a pleasant stay. However on my recent visit I really felt the neighborhood had turned quite seedy (scared you're going to get knifed by the tweaker in the drugstore across the street kind of seedy -- or scared you're going to get mugged by the homeless guy on the corner seedy). Anyway, as though that wasn't upsetting enough I wake up to bedbug bites! And unbeknownst to me they hitched a ride home with me on my suitcase. Thanks for nothing. Not only will I NEVER stay there again, I'll be moving any conference I plan elsewhere. HORRIBLE. (On top of it all they double charged my room!)	
Sep 30 2006	Great hotel convenient location!	Everything about the Hotel Monaco is first-rate, like many of the Kimpton hotels I have tried. From the moment you step inside, you will be treated as a valued guest by the genuinely friendly and helpful staff. The location is close to great shopping, dining, transportation etc. My room was noisy during my last visit because it faced Geary street and there was some construction going on - not the hotel's fault. Usually the rooms are very quiet. One of these days I am going to make a point of getting back to the hotel in time for the wine &amp; cheese + tarot card reading each evening, it sounds like fun. I would not recommend this hotel if you are looking for a place with sumptuous view rooms to lounge in. The rooms at the Monaco are on the small side, so this is the perfect hotel for business trips or when you want a comfortable, welcoming place to sleep after a long day of shopping/sightseeing/dining and enjoying all that SF has to offer.	
Sep 12 2006 	Excellent Honeymoon Stay!	My husband and I stayed here on our wedding night after a terrible fiasco at the Inn Above Tide in Sausalito (awful place) which forced us to find another hotel ASAP. We chose the Hotel Monaco and were so happy with our choice!We stayed in a Monte Carlo Suite, which looked EXACTLY, if not better, than it did online. Our suite was #323, and was two rooms, with large floor to ceiling windows, fabulous and fun decor, enourmous bed with down comforter, huge plasma TV, free wireless and a large bathroom with elegant fixtures and a two-person whirlpool tub. Not to mention plentiful Aveda bath products, which were refilled daily.Everything about our stay was top-notch. Excellent customer service from valets, front desk staff, room service staff, housekeeping. They have a great wine hour from where they offer free chair massages and tarrot card readings. We took advantage of both and had a great time. Also, they offered a large selection of fine wines and were very generous with the amount they poured.We oreded a room service dinner and it was wonderful. It is served from the Grand Cafe located in the hotel and we were very pleased. They also offered a nightly turn-down service which was a nice touch. We cant wait to come back for our 1 year anniversary. Keep up the excellent work, Hotel Monaco!!!PS - I would share my photos of the room, but they look exactly the same as the ones online. For once, a website which actually shows what you get!	
Aug 27 2006	A very thoughtful Hotel	Rooms are standard small size for the city, but with attractive and fun decor. Wine and cheese were even nicer with the Chair massages and cozy fireplace. Beds were very comfortable and Aveda amenities will keep me coming back. Resatuarant was moderate to pricey for Brunch, but worth it for the great food and convienant location. Lots of pillows and towels in room and a nice fitness center with roomy indoor jacuzzi and steam rooms. Staff was very friendly and helpful (ask for a goldfish in your room if you go!)	
Jul 25 2006 	A little disappointed...okay a lot disappointed	I had agonized for days over which hotel to pick in SF in the Union Square area. Without ever having set foot in the Chancellor, I wish I'd stayed there instead. I paid $240 plus tax (that was my &quot;bargain&quot; AAA rate - thank goodness we didn't have to pay for parking there), etc per night for the queen canopy room. I knew the room would be small, no problem. It was cute, had a view of nothing whatsoever, that is fine too. However, we did request a goldfish upon check-in and the guy looked a little distressed and promised one would be in the room by later that evening. Of course, it wasn't. Or the next day either. It really peeves me that hotels like this advertise so heavily on their websites and in their literature that fun little things like this are available and then don't deliver on their promises. Upon checkout, nobody asked me if everything was okay, because if they had, I would certainly have told them about the goldfish. I suppose it sounds silly, but I had looked forward to the Monaco experience so much and felt let down and forgotten about simply because I was wearing shorts and a T-shirt. The man who checked me out was very unfriendly, I guess because I didn't look like I was wealthy like many of the other hotel patrons did. Most of the people were friendly enough, but I got an overall snotty vibe from this place and definitely won't go back, nor will I recommend it to others. There are surely better places to stay for the same amount or less in SF than the Monaco.	
Jul 13 2006	Awesome Hotel!!	My husband and I took a quick weekend trip to San Francisco and were soooo happy with this hotel. It was small, but perfect. We stayed in room 310, the room was totally quiet- didn't hear a sound. There was no view but again, it was quiet. The bed was very comfortable and the staff were great. We will be staying there again and again. Highly recommended!	
Jul 10 2006	Great Location Fun Decor	We had a great weekend in San Francisco and the Hotel Monaco met all of our expectations. Great location near Union Square, art galleries and public transportation. Sure the rooms are small but it's SF - how much time are you going to spend in your room in such a great city? As a visual artist I found the decor to be very entertaining. I found a great rate that was well below many of the Union Square hotels.	
Jul 4 2006	Super Luxe Pet-Friendly Hotel!	After coming to California for the World's Ugliest Dog contest, we spent the last night in San Francisco. When we checked in the front staff was super nice and gave our dog, Lucille Bald, a dog cookie. They let us know of the complimentary Wine and Cheese happy (yappy) hour at 5pm in the gorgeous sitting room off the lobby. It had a huge fireplace and lots of sitting room. People were really nice and fun to talk to.Our dog was welcomed to join us which was really fun. There were about 4 other well-behaved dogs enjoying the luxury hotel &amp; happy hour with their owners. The hotel is absolutely gorgeous and it was decorated beautifully with an eclectic mix.The pet-friendly rooms are on the 7th floor and were really nice. The bed linens were top notch and the bathroom was big and really clean. They have nice waffle weave bathrobes available and Starbucks coffee.The gym was really nice and had great cardio equipment. We ate dinner in the Cafe (the hotel's restaurant) and were very impressed. The service and food was excellent!Our only complaint of our entire stay was that there were some smoking rooms on the 7th floor and you could smell the smoke in the hallway. Other than that, the hotel experience was incredible and I would highly recommend it!! Hopefully Kimpton hotels will expand to the Florida area soon!	
Jun 26 2006	The Best of San Francisco	This property is strickly a class act....and the only property I will stay at while in San Francisco. It was my fiances' first visit and she loved it. From the curb and the Bell Captain, to reservations to our room...all top notch. Great Spa, and Grand Cafe with their AMAZING banana cream pie and wonderous Pastry Chef Anne Blanchard. Generally staying at the Ritz Carlton or Hyatt properties, the Monaco is in a league by itself. Just watching the swirl of activity on the streets below felt like we were in our own castle...Just can't say enough about this hotel. Best part? I found it three years ago by visiting TripAdvisor!!	
Jun 4 2006	Nice Stay at the Monaco	I recently stayed at the Monaco over Memorial Day Weekend with my best friend. Rooms- small but very comfortable. We stayed in a junior suite. The size was about the size of a normal hotel room. Would not have wanted a smaller room. The decor was very cute and there were nice large windows you could sit in. The bed was VERY comfortable. We stayed near the elevator and I didnt hear any noise.Area - if you have ever been to a decent size city; you will be comfortable. I never felt endangered. Dottie's had great breakfast; but we waited for 45 minutes (got there around 9:15am). Only a few blocks from great shopping. Also accessible via the BART. We rode the train in from the airport and walked to the hotel (a $5.15 trip).Staff - The staff was amazing. They greeted us everytime we arrived from sightseeing. They wised us well everytime we left the hotel. The concierge was exceptionally knowledgable. Overall - I will be staying here next time I return to the city.	
May 15 2006 	for business travelers who prefer the boutique	As a frequent business traveler, I seek smaller, more unique hotels with the amenities I prefer - gym/spa, very comfortable beds, and quiet - and the additional small touches that make the stay that much more enjoyable. After all, I am out all day at meetings - the joy of my stay is for the 'down time'. The Monaco does an especiallly good job, for a fair price, in a highly competitive SF hotel market. I arrived on a Sunday afternoon, after 12 hours of flight delays. What the hotel provided me in those first 8 hours summed up why I will return to the Monaco. Gym/spa - like many hotels, the gym itself is small, but sufficient if you want to lift weights, with 3 plasmas to look at. For cardio, bring the running shoes and head North 4 blocks to Nob Hill, where you enjoy great Bay views and PLENTY of cardio hills. The best part of their gym is in the back - their Spa has a great steam room, and whirlpool, and hot sauna, all in a small, quiet Zen-like environment. Thanks for putting lemon in the drinking water. Comfort - I asked upon check in, and received for $30 more, a deluxe upgrade - it's worth every dollar getting the sofa and extra sq. feet. I'm over 6' tall and a mini claustophobic. Sign up for Kimpton Intouch before you book. I had a nice personal note from the Staff, a tall bottle of water and some chocolates waiting in my room upon check-in - just an example of the extra details a boutique provides. The King bed is firm, yet comfortable, with plenty of goose down pillows. Free, fast WiFi, and attractive decor added to a very comfortable room.Quiet - As for noise, my room was on the 4th floor facing Geary. With the windows shut, the sound proofing is adequate. I went to sleep at 10pm my first night and never had any traffic or guests waking me up. The guests I saw were older, not 20 somethings seeking hip and clubs - they stay down the street at the Clift.Touches - the lounge area has complimentary wine and cheese in the afternoon and Starbucks coffee and tea beginning at 6am, there are complimentary WSJ and SF Chronicles on your floor by the elevator, daily baked cookies at the front desk, and the staff is consistently friendly - not the typical empty attitudes you get from larger hotels (or New York).Neighborhood tips - If you want breakfaxt before 7am, take a right, go to the 2nd light, turn Rt and Lori's Diner is on the left - The California omlet is especially good. I got a great haircut before my meetings for $9 - turn Left out the door up 1 block, cross Jones. It's on the left, about 1/2 way up that block - it will say $9 on the window. You'll pass 2 salons on the way - one was $25, the other $30 - keep walking - these nice Korean women did a great job at 1/3 the price. Like Thai? Left out the door, 2 blocks up on the right. Osha is the name. Cheap and good - I brought the BBQ Duck noodle soup back to the room.	
May 8 2006	Very Cute	Stayed here for a quick getaway. We were impressed from the moment we walked in the lobby. There's a lot of attn to detail in the decor. Staff was extrememly friendly and helpful. The rooms were very cute - small and decorated with a feminine touch (stripes and polka dots, pastel green and brown). My only complaint is the gym, which unexpectedly small. Overall, a good stay.	
Apr 29 2006	So small	Spent 5 nights in a very small room. Couldn't even get a coffee maker in there. Otherwise the staff was great. My other complaint was the fussy, snooty maitre'd at the restaurant who seemed happy making people wait-the guy was a jerk. It just that it's expensive and yes, they've made it look attractive but I need some space to turn around.	
Apr 26 2006	Great service but very noisy	My fiancee and I celebrated her last weekend before starting medical school by staying downtown for the weekend. Monaco is absolutely beautiful, and we found the service to be of the highest quality. Unfortunately, both nights we had noisy neighbors (the front desk informed me there were different guests on the 2 nights), meaning we were 0 for 2 on relaxing nights. Could clearly hear them through the wall, and the banging of their door in the middle of the night shook our wall and headboard. Not what you would expect from such an expensive hotel.	
Apr 25 2006 	Very nice hotel	I've stayed at Hotel Monaco several times and everytime I always enjoy my stay. The rooms, while small, are very comfortable and is nicely appointed. The staff is always friendly and accommodating and I love the extra perks like wine &amp; cheese hour, tarot card reading, massage, etc. I've eaten at the restaurant a few times, although for breakfast only and it was good. The hotel location can't be beat, everything is within walking distance. I'd certainly recommend staying there; it's my choice whenever I'm in SF.	
Apr 17 2006 	Like a home away from home	My four-day stay at the Hotel Monaco was fabulous. Because I was in San Francisco to attend a conference, I wanted a place that was quiet and comfortable. My accomodation requests, made months prior through a centralized conference coordination system, asked for a non-smoking room far away from elevators and other noise-making devices (like electrical/mechanical rooms). With other hotels, this request is rarely granted (or it is ignored entirely). Even though the Hotel Monaco was booked solid when I checked in--and late at that, since my flight was delayed--they had reserved a room for me that was ideally located, per my requests. Amazing!The hotel staff were courteous, friendly, and pleasant. The atmosphere was welcoming, and rarely have I felt so relaxed at a hotel. Coming back to my room after hours of sessions, or just sitting by the fireplace in their lobby, felt like returning home rather than returning to &quot;the hotel.&quot;	
Apr 11 2006	funky girls only fun!	My daughter and I spent 2 nights there the first week of April (it rained the whole time- retail therapy was needed!)and LOVED everything! Our room was so cool and we even had our own Goldfish &quot;Belinda&quot; a sweet touch! We loved wine tasting and our Tarot Card readings were both unique and RIGHT ON! We hope they come true! That was so fun to share! It was near the shopping and they provided us with an umbrella even. Our only regret was on the last morning I discovered the Zen-like jacuzzi, Sauna and Steam room. We wished we'd checked it out the first minute we would've hung out there. And there was a Business Center we could've checked our e-mail on but we didn't investigate. I got a good price (I thought anyway) on Yahoo so it was worth every penney! We will stay there again- can't wait to go back!We ate breakfast at The Grand Cafe and it was yummy.	
Apr 7 2006 	Excellent Hotel!	I stayed at the Monaco for one night on April 6. I was impressed from the moment I walked in, especially in light of the fact that I stayed the previous night at the SF Mariott (avoid this hotel!). The 1920's building was nicely decorated in the Kimpton style, very trendy and well thought out. My room was very small, but exquisitely furnished with a queen canopy bed, DVD &amp; VCR player, plus an excellent stereo. Everything about this hotel is stylish! They host a free wine &amp; cheese party every evening at 5 PM, and have free coffee and newspapers in the morning. I highly recommend the place; it's one of the best in San Francisco!	
Mar 28 2006	Excellent Hotel	Stayed 3 nights for the WOW Whiskey event. No surprises and one of the most comfortable beds that I've ever slept in. Large Bathrooms. The staff was very good, no lines to wait in. There is a convenient business center on the second floor and the workout room is small but has all the equipment you need. Convenient Walgreens right across the street. I would stay there again.	
Mar 16 2006	Not too impressed with the room	The location for us was great but for $423.00 a night I was not particularly impressed with the Monte Carlo Suite. The carpets looked dirty,the drapes were very drab and the couch was very uncomfortable. What I did enjoy,however was the conceirge service and the fact I was able to use the spa(Which was the highlight of my stay.) The beds were probably the most comfortable I have ever layed upon and there was a very nice flatscreen tv in the separate guest room. I don't think for that amount of money it was necessarily worth it because we ultimately got a beautiful view of Walgreen's and the bums that wandered about.	
Mar 15 2006	Great Hotel	This was the second time we stayed at the Hotel Manaco. The service was great, location perfect for theaters, shopping and restraunts. The rooms are very clean and tastefull decorated. We've stayed at a few other places in the city and feel we don't need to try out any more. We've spent more and less and haven't found better. Two thumbs up, we'll be back. Suggestion, if you go and plan on returning, it pays to join their &quot;inner circle&quot; we received a bottle of wine, choclate covered cherries and a free upgrade. We felt special :)	
Feb 16 2006	A Trendy Gem	Stayed at the Hotel Monaco around the Holidays and my family really enjoyed it. The hotel is decorated in a tastefully trendy style. The lobby and other common areas are particularly impressive. The rooms are not large, but they are comfortable. Like the common areas, the room decor is interesting and well done. I give the hotel staff high marks for their courtesy and great attitude. The entire staff went out of their way to be helpful and make our stay a pleasant experience. After reading some of the reviews, I was somewhat concerned about the area around the hotel. After our stay, we actually liked the hotel's close proximity to great shopping in Union Square and felt the area was relatively safe. The area a few blocks away from the hotel is somewhat run down, but we avoided it by parking in the hotel lot and concentrating our excursions on the Union Square side. I would definitely stay at the Hotel Monaco the next time I'm in San Francisco. The afternoon wine tastings and free massages only add to the great experiance.	
Jan 16 2006	nothing special	Stayed in a $400 per night suite this weekend in SF and was very dissapointed. Room was small and there were stains in the drapes, carpet and duvet. Ran out of toilet paper in the middle of the night and the tissue box was also empty! The spa tub was cracked and the glass shower door came off while in the shower! It was noisy and the &quot;view room&quot; overlooked the wallgreens and yelling steet people. I'll never go back.	
Jan 13 2006	...LIKE ROYALTY	ON A WHIM, BOOKED WITH HOTWIRE...SO DELIGHTED THAT WE DID!!NOT EXPECTING THE PLEASANT SURPRISE; Hotel Monaco treated my husband and I as if we were royalty! Celebrated my husband's birthday in this beautiful haven. Amid the bustle of busy shoppers and city highlights we dined and dancecd and romanced, loved the ambvience and 5 star service.Will definately return!	
Dec 27 2005 	Great colorful hotel!	Briefly returning to my old workplace, I chose the Hotel Monaco b/c it was close to my destination and ranked well here at tripadvisor. Although I was skeptical of the surrounding neighborhood at first, I was not disappointed at all. People traveling for pleasure could easily hop in a cab to nearby Union Square, etc.The room was clean and had nice amenities (e.g. the Wega TV, mini stereo, cordless phone, and 4 poster bed). The bed was quite comfortable, and I did not notice any noise from other rooms or the floor above. The entire hotel's colorfully-themed wallpapers and decorations gave it a very youthful and lively feeling. Much better than your run of the mill, depressing mid-level hotels (check the hotel's website for photos). Staff was friendly, and the valet parking wasn't cheap but was convenient.Thanks go to the previous reviewers who instilled my confidence in picking Hotel Monaco. I definitely enjoyed my time there, and it was a very pleasant experience overall. While I would recommend it to other travelers, I did not pay for the room myself, so I can't say how much of a bargain it is.	
Nov 11 2005	Self-Service Hotel	This hotel deserves praise for trying to be whimsical and unique compared to many &quot;cookie-cutter&quot; hotels. We stayed here for a friend's wedding, and were part of a &quot;block&quot; of reserved discounted rooms. The deluxe queen on the 4th floor had a comfortable bed, and was well furnished. The stereo is a nice touch. We had a view over the dumpsters, but we expected as much since we were not paying for a suite. Still, the light was good. The only downside was the smell of cigarette smoke coming from the heating vents. It bothered us minimally since we weren't in the room much, but upon our return, we thought housekeeping had been smoking in our room. We realized it was a problem with the hvac system when the smell became worse when we turned on the heat.The service is friendly, but not overly so. Concierge offered excellent recommendations for all meals. The front desk and bell staff were very accomodating to all of our requests, except that they forgot the goldfish we had requested.	
Oct 5 2005 	comfortable SF Hotel	Just spent 3 nights at Monaco. Asked for a quiet room, and this is the quietest room near Union Square we've ever had. Comfortable king bed with down comforter and feather pillows. European size rooms, but a very comfortable place to park at a reasonable price in the downtown SF area. Evening wine and cheese a nice touch; morning paper delivered to the room. In room coffee maker with Starbucks coffee packets. They offer a AAA discounted rate.	
Oct 1 2005	Great Hotel	We stayed at this hotel after booking direct under their 'Hot Dates, Great Rates' offer which made it an absolute bargain. It's in a great location for Union Square and the cable cars, although it's quite close to the slightly rougher Tenderlion area. The hotel staff were very helpful and we managed to enjoy the complimentary wine/cheese/cookies most days. The room was comfortable, not quite luxurious. We didn't eat in the restaurant and just had room service breakfast on one day, which was excellent if pricey. Overall, it was an ideal base for a fantastic 5 night stay in San Francisco.	
Sep 23 2005	We enjoyed our stay	We stayed for four nights whilst touring California. It was a lovely hotel. the suite was rather luxurious.I agree that the area was a bit scary but this did not detract from a lovely stay in San Fransisco We met some very nice people when enjoying wine and cheeseI would return	
Sep 22 2005	Excellent except for one thing....	We stayed here for 2 nights September 7 and 8th. We had a lovely room. The staff is very accomodating and friendly. The food in the restaurant was very good and room service was great (although they only brought one butter for 2 orders). We have 2 complaints - the sink area in the bathroom is minimal. There is not enough room for one person, let alone 2 people to put out their toiletries, so everything has to be either kept under the counter or in your overnight bag. The other complaint is that the bed was really uncomfortable. My husband and I both had horrible backaches when we got up the first morning. I said something to the staff and they were most apologetic. They didn't replace the mattress, I think they just flipped it. It was somewhat better the second night, but it still was not great. I would still stay there again because I loved the room, the staff and the location. I would just hope for a better bed!	
Sep 21 2005	Right hotel wrong location	From the second my husband and I stepped through the front doors we loved Hotel Monaco. From the capable desk staff to the foyer ambiance the hotel was near perfection. We had a king size corner room with large new bath with jacuzzi tub and seperate shower. Room was elagantly decorated with a slight whimsical feel. Afternoon complimentary wine service, morning coffee service, Yoga/relaxationCD's in room, nice linens (pillows were very small), free ten minute massage, and tarrot card reading during the wine serving. Be aware at the cost of parking the car overnight $45. Room taxes caused the price to jump significantly. Ask about the taxes when you make a reservation. Two nights in San Francisco was more than enough time.Now the negativesThe hotel is two blocks from Union Square and two blocks from the &quot;tenderloin district&quot;. If you walk in the direction of market street you will find yourself surrounded by the down and out drug/alcholic element.Every corner near the hotel had at least one person sticking a dirty paper cup in your face asking for money or attempting to get eye contact. When you walked past them a nasty/sarcastic comment would follow. The comedy club and the Broadway venue (golden gate theater) showing Anniewere right in the heart of this area. Not safe at night. S.F.P.D was no where to be found. The pan handlers have taken over.	
Sep 16 2005	Loved the Monaco	Just spent 5 nights at the Monaco for an anniversary break. Everything was as expected. Rooms are spotless and very comfortable if a little compact. Service was excellent. from concierge, to bell hops, to doorman. We did not eat in the Grand Cafe for no other reason than we had some other restaurant bookings but we did have a few drinks and found 4 drinks at over $50 a little steep. Location is excellent with a 5 minute walk to Union Square. Walked to Dotties True Blue Cafe for breakfast. While this is only two blocks away you are moving to less sophisticated part of town, but had no problems at all. Definitely go back.	
Sep 7 2005	Best deal in Town...	We found the Monaco to be a charming little hotel. From the moment we pulled up to the curb our every need was attended to. The rooms are lovely, nice decor, with comfy mattresses. We thought it was reasonably priced for the location and service.  The Monaco is located within easy walking distance of Union Sq. shopping area, but it does border a seedy part of town. We also went to Dottie's True Blue Cafe for breakfast. We got there at about 8:30am-ish and waited about 15 minutes to be seated. I was a bit disapointed after reading the high praise on this site. While my French toast was delicious, it wasn't super special. On a positive note, they do use real maple syrup which is very important to me. It is also reasonably priced. Would I go back to the Monaco? In a heartbeat. It was our 2nd favorite hotel on our little coastal trip. We stayed at (in order of preference) The Albion River Inn (Albion), The Monaco, the Hotel Vitale (SFO) and the Ramada Inn at Dry Creek(Healdsburg).	
Sep 7 2005	Monaco was good.	Spent two nights at the Hotel Monaco, San Francisco. Was a surprise for my wife's birthday. As we came from the East Coast, we arrive early...around 11 am at the hotel. Room was not ready, which was fine. Was available after asking a few times at around 3pm. Stayed in Monte Carlo Suite which was a sleeping area and a sitting area. Room was in good condition and whimiscally stylish. Extremely bold. No gentle and subdued colors. Bathroom had large sunken tub/shower. Guest service was good overall. Very polite and courteous. Questions and requests well handled with exception of requesting new battery for safe, as you could not re-open it for a long time because of battery. Never rectified. Only other comment, we really like turn down service and feel it should be provided in this price range ($375). Hotel convenient to theatre, shopping, etc. Would stay there again.	
Sep 5 2005	Loved the Hotel Monaco	Stayed one night at the Monaco. Wished we could have stayed longer. The hotel is in a great location, convenient to Union Square with all the shopping, museums, cable cars, restaurants, etc. We were impressed immediately just walking into the lobby. The decor was beautiful. Our room was spotless and also beautifully decorated, although a bit on the small side. We had a comfortable king size bed and the room was quiet even though we were on the second floor near the front entrance. The bathroom was an adequate size with Aveda bath products. Everyone at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. The morning coffee and wine and cheese hour in the evening are very nice. We enjoyed using the exercise facilities and hot tub. The restaurant decor is lovely, but we didn't eat there. For breakfast, try Dottie's True Blue Cafe one block from hotel. Plan to stay at the Monaco next time we're in San Francisco.,	
Aug 26 2005	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Monaco 5 nights. Aug 10th to the 15th. I'm happy to report that expectations were exceeded. I compare the feel of the Monaco's public areas and rooms to that you'd expect in a &quot;W&quot; with the service of a Ritz Carlton. We stayed in a Junior Suite which gave us plenty of room to stretch out, the free wireless internet was a bonus, the honor bar was our very own in-room sundry shop. The complimentary morning Starbucks and paper in the lobby lounge and the afternoon wine reception complete with mini-massage and tarot card reader were a special treat. They even provided hot baked cookies at the reception desk at check-in and check-out. The doorman was always there to open the door and hail you a cab to anywhere you needed to go. I felt the value I got for what I spent was worth every dime. Rate paid was $239 per night which included parking and a suite sized room.	
Aug 23 2005	Great staff	Just returned from a two night stay at the Monaco which I booked through Expedia. The rate was too good to be true and this can be a sign that you are going to get the smallest room in a corner. Fearing this I upgraded my room to a suite directly through the hotel and felt I still was getting a great deal. The hotel itself is above average in that it has great bedding, down pillows and comforter and the rooms are spotless. It is in a great Union Square location. The restaurant is not good and should be avoided. My son did order room service each morning and it arrived timely and hot (just scrambled eggs). The staff however, was always polite and greeted me by name. The afternoon wine and cheese was ok and the massage is not free, the staff tells you what they &quot;recommend&quot; you &quot;donate.&quot; This is all fine but just be up front. Those cookies others raved about, we couldn't find them and they were never put out during the time specified and the one time I found them all I found was an empty plate never to be re stocked. The staff is the selling point of this hotel.	
Aug 22 2005	Spiffy in every way!	We've stayed at all the usual suspects in S.F. but now we're committed to the Monaco exclusively. Got a great rate including parking directly from the hotel website. The staff here is sublimely professional and gracious in every way. What a revelation! It's a very pretty hotel. My only complaint was that the room was really tiny, although they did try very hard to upgrade us when I complained. Next time I'll book a larger room, and there absolutely will be a next time!	
Aug 15 2005	Excellent hotel!!	Just came back from four night stay at Hotel Monaco. We have a family of four and we enjoyed our stay. The Hotel is beautifly decorated and was immaculate in condition. We stayed on the 7th floor. It was so quiet, you would think we had the hotel to ourselves! The room was a bit small for the four of us, but that is expected in city hotels. The bathroom however was big and spacious. Decor was unique and bright. The only drawback was the area as although we never felt unsafe, there were a lot of street people in the area. I think this basically applied to all of union square area. We ate at Loris diner a block away several times. Food was basic but excellant. Tried to go to Dottys one morning but lineup was too long. Have no problem recommending this hotel for those looking for a nice place to stay.	
Aug 14 2005 	Excellent Smaller Hotel	My wife and I stayed 5 nights at this hotel. We got a great price on Priceline. The hotel is spotless and the staff friendly. The room was a little on the small side, but very comfortable and adequate. We found the hotel to be very quiet. The wireless Internet service was a little weak, but we were able to use it (and it was free). We wanted something downtown, convenient to the Palace Hotel, where my wife was attending a convention. It's about 3 block to Union Square and all the major shopping. The Palace was about 6 blocks, and there were plenty of restuarants within walking distance. You can also walk to Chinatown. Do get your bearings from the desk clerk, because there is an area nearby that should be avoided. We did without a car for the first 3 days because of the $39 valet parking fee at the hotel, and we really didn't have to drive anywhere. We then rented a car for a couple of days so we could drive down to Carmel and up to Napa. there are plenty of car rental places within a few blocks of the hotel and you can park overnight for about $12 in a garage about a block and a half away. So getting around worked out very well. We tried the restuarant for breakfast only, but it was good. In general, the restuarants downtown are very expensive, but our meals were very good. Overall, a good experience. We would definitely stay again.	
Jul 24 2005	Perfect!	My husband reserved a suite for my birthday at Hotel Monaco and it was beautiful. Attention to detail is key here. They had chocolate chip cookies at the front desk when we arrived, monogramed towels in the bathroom, great bath products, complimentary wine &amp; cheese hour (free massages during that time too), fresh flowers in the bathroom, comfortable bedding, cool robes and the list goes on! My husband had arranged to have 3 bouquets of flowers delivered to our room. They are exceptional. The florist they use is out of the is world! We had dinner at the Grand Cafe inside the hotel. That was also an amazing experince. It seemed as though everyone in the hotel remembered my birthday and they did everything they could to make it extra special and it was. We are pet lovers and even though Hotel Monaco is pet friendly we decided not to bring our dog but in his place we were able to get a gold fish brought to our room as our temporary pet. That as a nice touch! What a WONDERFUL place we will surely go back. Splerge on the suite....you won't regret it.	
Jul 20 2005 	Nice hotel - horrible internet service	Nice hotel but why do all Kimpton properties have such horrible wireless networks? I have not been able to receive a wireless signal in my room, the service provider has no idea where the access points are so I can't change rooms and now I'm having to check email in the hotel lobby. What's ironic is that this morning I had 3 green bars and now I have 2 yellow ones; all in the exact same place! IT has no clue what the issue is.	
Jul 13 2005	Great Anniversary Weekend	The Monaco was just what we needed. We booked an Executive Monte Carlo Suite and it was great. It had a jetted tub in a huge washroom. Sound proofing was great and the windows were gorgeous (they even had little window seats). I hear the regular hotel rooms are a tad small but I peaked into one and it looked nice and cozy.We ordered room service the first morning and it arrived in 20 to 30 minutes as they stated to me. Room was always nice and tidy when we got back after our days out. The wine and cheese hour was a nice touch and so were the morning cookies.Oh, mustn't forget since it was our anniversary they had a bottle of champagne waiting for us in our room.I would easily recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 21 2005	Hotel Monaco	We stayed two nights at the Hotel Monaco, prior to our week trip to Napa and Sonoma. We loved the hotel. Our room had a king sized bed, and the decor was great. The fresh baked cookies at the reception were wonderful! Common areas were really comfortable, and lovely decor. Location was nice - it was an easy walk to Union Square. We walked to Chinatown twice, without feeling too tired! We had a late flight back to Houston after our trip to Napa. Even though we weren't staying at the Hotel Monaco (we had checked out the previous Sunday), they checked our luggage and coordinated getting a town car to take us to the airport, so we could go have dinner one last time in the city. I would definitely stay at the hotel again.	
Jun 15 2005	I'll be back!	I just returned from a 5 night stay at the Hotel Monaco, 6/4-6/10/05. I loved it! I was concerned with some previous posts that the bed linens were run down and the rooms too small. We booked two rooms on the 5th floor and I found both to be absolutely charming. We booked a room with two double beds and one with a king. It's true that the rooms are small, but so charming that the size didn't bother me. Our linens definitely were not run down. I found the staff to be delightful. Past reviewers complained that the complimentary tart card reader and massage therapist are not complimentary. This was a favorite part of our stay at the hotel. Yes, they actually do require a fee but it's fun and remember, you don't have to use their services. The afternoon wine, cheese and crackers, olives and more, was a wonderful way to wind down in the afternoon. We actually would plan our day to be able to make it. We found that the guests attending were very friendly and it was fun to meet others if only for an hour. The warm cookies served at the front desk from 5:00 to 6:00 were delicioius. Different cookies every day. If you go, Dottie's is a must for breakfast. We love breakfast places that are not part of the hotel. This one is a couple of blocks from the hotel, not a great area, but get past that and you're in for a great start to your day. The food was fabulous. Everything is baked on the premises. It's a tiny place, and there's always a wait out the door, but it seems to move quickly. They are closed on Tuesdays. I stayed at the Pan Pacific during a previous visit but found the Hotel Monaco to be cozier, friendlier and overall a better experience. Don't pass this place up!	
Jun 13 2005	Amazing fantastic sublime - this hotel is off the hook!	Based on a friend's recommendation, my mom and I decided to stay at the Hotel Monaco. We could not have been more pleased! The hotel is GORGEOUS! And the staff - and I mean every single staff person we dealt with from the waiters in the cafe, to the bellman, to the well-suited gentlemen who wait out front to escort you and your bags inside or open the door, to the folks at the front desk, to the concierges (especially &quot;Angela&quot; who is one of the nicest, most organized individuals I've ever met), to the maintenance staff - everyone is pleasant, friendly, and so unbelievably accomodating.The boutique-sized rooms are beautifully decorated - I'd call the decor &quot;classically funky (I mean &quot;funky&quot; in a good way).&quot; And the beds are very lush and comfy. Good shower pressure and Aveda products in the bath.The free evening wine happy-hour is a relaxing way to unwind; we were generally getting back from a day of touring, so the lovely &quot;living room&quot; was a perfect place to stop off and kick back for a half-hour or so.The cafe offers very reasonably priced dining options, and the sculpture and decor offers lots of eye-candy.And yes, believe the staff when they tell you to visit Dottie's for the french toast. It really IS amazing, but if you don't get there by 7:15am you might have to wait. The Greek breakfast place is okay if you decide to sleep in or get to Dottie's and decide not to wait. Max's down the street is also a good alternative for meals - it's a lot of food tho'! And ask the Hotel Monaco concierges about &quot;the ladies who made the mistake of booking the 1 day Yosemite/Sequoias tour with Extranomical Tours.&quot; What a &quot;woof&quot; of a tour THAT was!In closing, we can't think of anything that we'd change about the Monaco. Staying there made our trip extra special, and if there's a Kimpton (the chain name) hotel in any other city that we visit, we'd definitely consider staying there!	
May 25 2005	A weekend to remember	We stayed at the Monaco for a &quot;date weekend&quot; on May 21. From the moment we checked in until our departure, we were treated like VIPs. Kimpton hotels, of which the Monaco is one, take excellent care of their guests. We had a beautiful small suite with a king bed, couch, coffee table and desk. The bathroom had a jetted tub. There was a welcome note and fresh fruit waiting for us in the room when we arrived. The room was so quiet at night, you'd never guess you were in the middle of a big city. We read the Sunday paper in big easy chairs in front of the lobby fireplace, and had brunch in the hotel's Grand Cafe Restaurant, which was excellent. The hotel is only a couple blocks from Union Square, so we spent a leisurely Sunday afternoon shopping. A great San Francisco experience!	
Apr 29 2005	Great hotel	We just spent a week-end at the Hotel Monaco, and we had a wonderful time. The location is great, just two blocks from Union Square. The package we had included valet (a $30 value/per night).The staff was great, we were welcomed with a complimentary wine and cheese tasting.But the best part was the room. The decoration is extravagant, and we could have rented a pet gold fish for the night ! Anyway everything is the room was clean, top-quality, like granite and wood in the bathroom.I also liked the fact that we had a stereo in the room with complimentary CDs.A great experience overall.	
Apr 29 2005 	perfect stay	I stayed at The Monaco April 17-20 and my visit was nearly perfect. I arrived by 1 pm and was pleasantly surprised to learn that my room was ready. It was comfortable with luxurious linens. I ordered room service the first evening and it was delicious and delivered quickly. I did not eat at the Grand Cafe, but did walk through.. it's beautiful and does a bustling business. Both common areas have fireplaces and lots of comfortable furniture. A great place to mingle at Happy Hour.. or to read and relax. The concierge was very helpful to me, and I enjoyed being able to access my e-mail in the Business Center (there was a small charge). The hotel completely met my needs. I was attending a conference and we were encouraged to stay at the Marriott or Hilton - but no one I spoke to was as happy as I was at the Monaco!	
Apr 7 2005	Pet-Friendly Hotel	The reason we chose to stay at the Hotel Monaco was because they allow (and cater to) pets. From the moment we arrived, the staff and other guests showered our dogs with attention. The concierge got us great seats to the SF Giants Opening Day game and we wanted to arrive at the game early, so we were allowed to check-in a few hours early with no problem whatsoever. Plus, we were charged only $85 per ticket and the going rate online was at least $250 a piece. They arranged a pet-sitter who was great with the dogs. We had a Junior Suite for $339. Like the rest of the hotel, it was beautiful in every way. The bedding, in particular, was luxurious. We were on the 7th floor (I understand that's the floor where the pet rooms are located). Except for some street re-paving outside and the occasional beep or car alarm, it was very quiet. We didn't take advantage of some of the niceties they offer, such as the complimentary town car, but we noticed others were definitely enjoying that feature. It was about 3 blocks to Union Square, the only patch of grass around where the dogs felt comfortable enough to potty. Although the location is superb and in daylight one can comfortably walk around and enjoy the fabulous galleries between the hotel and Union Square, at night it can be a different story, so don't walk around alone and unaware at night. Because we wanted to stay with the dogs, we ordered room service from the Grand Cafe. We discovered the hotel's room service menu was a little weak, so we requested a menu from the Grand Cafe. In about 1/2 hour, delicious duck was delivered to our door. Now that we have found a wonderful hotel where we can bring our dogs, we will be returning to San Francisco every chance we get. There's also a very good hair salon a few blocks away, Stephen Saiz Salon. The ad in the phone book said they were ranked one of the top ten salons in the country. Veronica gave me the best haircut I've had in ages. I'll be back!	
Apr 4 2005	A wonderful San Francisco Experience	We arrived at the Hotel Monaco after flying across the country well before check in time (about noon). The staff greeted us warmly, helped put our bags in the luggage storage area and promised that when we got back from lunch with a friend and walking around to have a room ready for us.Once we got checked in upon return, about 4 pm, we were assigned to a suite and our luggage was brough to our room. We could not have been happier! The room was a great size, spotless and the staff was there to respond to our every question.We also took advantage of their &quot;rent&quot; a gold fish program, which I felt was a nice and unique touch.We would absolutely stay at the Hotel Monaco again.	
Apr 3 2005	Perfect San Francisco Hotel	We just returned from our Easter trip. My family was pleasantly welcomed by the door man &quot;Ken&quot; He gave us tips on the area and chatted like he was a dear friend.Next we approached the front desk and again, greeted warmly ! Then our sweet &quot;Benji&quot; took us to our room (Our home- sweet- home for the next 4 days)We requested a gold fish for our 8 year old daughter. She was thrilled with &quot;Spacehog&quot; THANKS !!We were amazed at the warm greetings (by name) each time we passed by staff. Rooms are charming and have style. Great wine hour. Nice restaurants. A perfect hotel and I'm VERY picky. Tuscan Inn and MacArthur Place could learn from this place. Miss the Monaco already !	
Apr 2 2005	Nice decor	Nice decor..not your standard Marriott. My biggest complaint is that the rooms are TINY!!! Stay here if you get a good deal, otherwise, go elsewhere.	
Apr 1 2005	Good but showing its age	Just returned from our second stay at the Hotel Monaco over the last few years. Our first visit was impressive - great staff, sparkling room and exquisite service. This time the visit was a little more humbling. While the staff remains very friendly, there seemed to be gaps in communication between the front desk and housekeeping, valets, etc. In addition, our suite was showing distinct signs of wear. The furniture was a little stained and tattered, and the trim was looking a little worn. For most places, this would be expected, but our expectations for the Monaco our always very high. The Monaco continues to offer their complimentary evening wine and cheese hour (now featuring tarot card reading and neck/shoulder massages). The little extras do make the Monaco unique, but those expecting a well-equipped fitness facility will be disappointed with the cramped, almost dangerous, workout area.The location is great, the staff is wonderful, the rooms are small. If you can accept these conditions, the Monaco is for you. While we are very fond of the Monaco, we will probably look elsewhere next time we visit San Francisco. For the price, the rooms need to reflect the taste and charm that made the Monaco unique. During our most recent visit, the charm was missing.	
Mar 31 2005 	Satisfactory in Every Way	We recently stayed at the Monaco for five days and found it satisfactory in every way. What strikes one immediately is the stylish decoration of the place. As one reviewer remarked earlier on, this is one of the few places that looks even better than the pictures on its web site.But in addition the rooms are comfortable, everything works (and if it doesn't, it's fixed promptly), and the staff are friendly and helpful. It's true that regular rooms are a bit small, but what else can one expect in a major city at a reasonable price? The junior suites are much more spacious, but they do face out onto Geary Street, meaning that there is street noise, most of which can be masked by the heating/cooling fan if you're noise sensitive.There are amenities in the rooms that I didn't expect (like a half-way decent fm/cd player in addition to the standard clock radio and a magnifying mirror in the bathroom), and that impressed me. Someone, it seems, is actually trying to make your stay comfortable.The Grand Cafe is quite a good restaurant, by the way. We had breakfast in several nearby places, but breakfast at the hotel turned out to be the best. The hotel is two blocks from Union Square, so you are in the heart of downtown SFO here, a place I'd like to be more often. I hope I'll be back.	
Mar 30 2005	Will Not Stay Here Again	Pulled up in front of Hotel to check in, and 2 staff members ignored my car.Rolled down window as they were talking to each other. Told them I was checking in, and one said &quot;To the Monaco?&quot;. (Hello). When I said &quot;Heck yes&quot;, they moved car blocking me to let me and my family pull next to curb in my Hertz car. The main guy never said &quot;Welcome to the Monaco&quot;, and seemed upset at our 5 suitcases and 3 golf bags. He said &quot;Would you like to leave the bags in the car?&quot; . Told him Please put the golf bags in your storage area. He pressed on. &quot;They're safe in our garage.&quot; I said &quot; NO I want them inside.&quot; I then asked if he was the head doorman, as in 40 yrs of traveling, have never come in contact with someone at the Door to a top notch hotel. He said &quot;Yes&quot;, but changed the subject so I figured he was not. We finally got the luggage to the room, and room was too noisy as I had requested a quiet room in my res. They made me pay extra for a Jr.Suite, which was an inside room. I called the Manager on duty that night to tell her about the doorman, and she was horrified and sent me a comp bottle of wine, which was nice, but would have rather just had everything go smoothly. Then the Doorman's boss called me to apologize,and reiterated what the Manager had told me, that door employees are instructed to remove everything from parked cars,as the garage they valet park in is a Public owned garage, and the hotel isn't responsible for items left in cars. The next day @8am, I asked the Concierge to make us a dinner reservation for that night. At 1:30PM I approached her desk to find out what happened, and she was just calling for me. By then the restaurant was full. She told me she had been too busy. I have never had that happen either, as I would have called myself. There was a convention at the Monaco, so I guess her priorities were to first help the Convention guests, and the rest of us go to the back of the line. We ate breakfast at the French themed restaurant there, and it was ok, but a little overpriced.The room decor is fabulous, and very clean. This is the 6th Kimpton owned hotel I have stayed in, and is the only one I've had issues. They will bring a goldfish to your room on request, and the staff is friendly.I will definitely stay at another hotel if in San Francisco. I told the front desk upon checkout about these and other problems, and was just told they were sorry.	
Mar 28 2005	unique pretty nice	overall, i enjoyed my stay at the hotel monaco last february... i don't know about the 4 star rating though. i should admit i'm kind of picky, as i do travel a lot. upside: unique decor, most staff was friendly, walking distance to everything, free wine and cheese reception (possibly only on the weekend), good recommendations for restaurants including new asia in chinatown for dim sumdownside: hard bed, very small room (maybe bc we booked through priceline?), somewhat worn (the canopy bed was torn in some parts), lot of homeless people aroundoverall though, worth staying at if you can get a good deal.	
Mar 23 2005 	Most unique decor anywhere.	I attended a meeting last week organized by my company, and had no idea what the Hotel Monaco was all about. I'd never heard of it. I can only say that it was the most unique, comfortable, stunning hotel I've ever had the pleasure of checking in to. The room was decent size but the decor was beyond outstanding. Colorful, fun, cozy, warm and inviting. The front desk staff were great. There's a restaurant that has an impressive two story ceiling with incredible light fixtures, display kitchen and decent if short menu. On my next visit to San Francisco I will definitely stay at the Monaco.	
Mar 16 2005	Better than the Large Hotel Chains	Just spent 3 nights at the Monaco and we had an excellent time. Professional service, complementary wine and cheese hour (complete with a Tarot Card reader and Massage Therapist; watch out for the Tarot lady though because she recommends a $$$ donation), pet goldfish in room upon request, and a soothing lobby. Rooms are small, but highly decorated beyond anything I have ever seen at a Hilton or equivalent hotel. Within 2-3 blocks of all the shops at Union Square. Will definitely return.	
Mar 13 2005	The personal touch in a big city	An excellent room, tastefully decorated, outstanding service, wine reception every night and coffee in the morning. What else do you need? Oh, interesting magazines to read, check, an outstanding restaurant, check, valet service, check, doorman who can get you a cab in les than one minute, check. Hotel Monaco in San Francisco: warmly recommended.	
Mar 3 2005 	Valet parked our car in a Tow away zone and threw out the ticket!	We were at this hotel Dec 8th 2004 We drove straight to the hotel and arrived around 4pm, dropped the car off with a member of the valet staff at the front of the hotel and left for our company Christmas party via cab. About a month ago I recieved a parking violation notice explaining we haven't responded to the original ticket and a hold was to soon be placed on my registration. The ticket was recorded at 4:33 pm on one of the corners the hotel is on, on the same day we visited Hotel Monaco. My husband has contacted a senior staff member and we have'nt heard back since. I recently sent an email to the same gentelmen and provided even more paperwork, but I to have heard nothing. We're talking only $75 bucks here. We paid it already to avoid penalties but it's the principle of it. My husband is in San Francisco on buisness all the time and this was our first visit here. If this were to be resolved we would try the hotel again, but with the issue still outstanding, we will most certainly not be returning and will be telling Human Recources to stop booking employee's there as well.	
Feb 17 2005	Fun beautiful great location	My boyfriend suprised me with a trip to San Franciso for my birthday in November '04. We were lucky enough to stay at the Hotel Monaco and it's now my new favorite hotel. The staff was very friendly, always smiling and saying &quot;good morning&quot; and &quot;good evening,&quot; and the people at the front desk were wonderful in helping us plan a day trip to Napa. They also had no problem with a late check-out. Our room was small, maybe 200 square feet, but it was perfect for the two of us. It was cozy, intimate and romantic. It had a white shutters, a canopy bed lined with pillows (so comfortable), a stuffed chair and ottoman, and a beautiful dark wooden armoire with a TV, some video game system (not my thing, so not sure which one), a mini bar and drawers. My boyfriend liked the iron and I enjoyed the cute and comfortable bathrobes. The bathroom was small, but well-stocked with Aveda products, had more than enough room for our stuff, and had one of those massage showers. Every night in the parlor downstairs, the hotel offers wine and cheese, mini massages, and tarot card readings. I immensely enjoyed the location as well - right in the heart of Union Square. We were well within walking distance to restaurants, theaters, Chinatown, and, most importantly, the Kate Spade boutique. We had a wonderful experience here and will most definitely return. Next time we'll request a goldfish.	
Feb 2 2005	Monaco is Simply Marvelous	Loved this hotel!! Saw it reviewed on &quot;Great Hotels&quot; on the Travel Channel. This place is lovely and comfortable. The people were helpful and nice. We had &quot;Sparky&quot; the fish added on request to our room which was totally cute. The suite we stayed in was great with the jacuzzi tube. We loved the beautiful Grand Cafe located next door and We took advantage of Spa Eq located on the hotel's lower level. It is a co-ed facility so be aware of that. We would go back in a &quot;hot second&quot;! The Hotel Monaco is simply marvelous, darling.	
Feb 1 2005	Most Beautiful Hotel in San Francisco?	We just stayed at the Hotel Monaco on our wedding anniversary, January 31, 2005. What an unusually gorgeous hotel with exceptionally good personal service. We booked the &quot;Ooh Baby Baby&quot; Romance package over the phone, which included a small suite, champagne with a personalized welcome note, and a 30 minute massage for 2. From the time we pulled up and turned our car over to the valet in front of the hotel, through the check-in process and being escorted to the Parlour Suite, we were treated like a couple who have been coming to the Monaco for years. The pictures on the web did not adequately represent how stunning the lobby is upon entry, nor can the staircase going upstairs be sufficiently described or photographed. Likewise, our suite was spacious and meticulously clean. The huge bathroom had a deep spa bathtub, which my wife loved. We got a chance to peek into some other rooms and they were very beautiful, regardless of size. Spaces throughout the hotel were works of great interior design artistry and it was fun to just walk around the hotel and discover the outstanding art, design and architecture. The Grand Cafe restaurant was also incredibly beautiful with monumental detail, whimsical scupture and oversized classic theater posters keeping with the fact that the hotel and restaurant are in the heart of SF's theater district featuring major plays. We can echo the sentiments of other reviewers writing here, but a couple of small problems must be noted. In the restaurant, that banana cream pie people are talking about, is the smallest piece of pastry I ever seen, 'cept for an Oreo cookie. The menu faire is outstanding, banana pie particle not withstanding. Also, if noise bugs you, like some one else said, do ear plugs or ask to be moved. Although the surrounding neighborhood is rich in SF culture with important world class galleries and the afore mentioned theaters, the streets are noisy as hell. When we were leaving, we left our belongings stored in their possession and walked the two blocks to Union Square to shop. When we returned, we were waiting for our bags when JESSE L. MARTIN from Law and Order came and checked in. I listened as he was asked by the clerk if he had been there before and Mr. Martin said, &quot;Yes, a couple of times.&quot; Pretty impressive for a hotel that I can afford. Of the many SF hotels we've stayed in, this is easily the most beautiful. We'll probably make this our annual anniversary trip, returning to the beautiful Hotel Monaco.	
Jan 25 2005	loved it!	I used to live in nor cal, and now try to get to sf a couple times a year and the monaco is my fav hotel i've stayed in so far. everything about it was fantastic, rooms were decent sized, beds soo comfortable, nice bath products, great location, nice hotel staff, cool looking decor, i could go on and on. would definetly stay there again. stayed in a higher up room, 5th floor or so, just for the less street noise with 2 double beds and it was perfect. check on line at all the various places for the best deal, then call the hotel and book with them directly, they'll match the price and there's no booking fee's, can cancel if need to with out penalty 48hrs or so before hand. i stayed there over new years eve for less than 200$!!	
Jan 7 2005	Great Location	After reviewing several smaller properties in San Francisco, we decided upn the Monaco. We had a great time, my wife and two teen children. The doorman, reservations staff excellent and accommodating. Wine &amp; Cheese plus a massage lady every evening. Spa was terrific, sauna, steam, jacuzzi well appointed and very clean. We had a great room/suite called the &quot;Grace Slick&quot; suite. A king bed to die for. The kids slept on a pull out sofa that was in need of a new mattress. Bathroom, jacuzzi tub plus amenities excellent as well as coffee and daily newspaper. Turndown plus the chocolates, nice touch! Very quite and super fast elevators for a small property. Had room service one evening. Had a basic pizza and a piece of the special banana cream pie was beyond marvelous, just great food..especially from room service. Easy TV checkout, got our car quickly (stiff parking tarrif $35/night), but very convenient coming and going. 2 blocks to Union Square, great shopping and eateries, cable car, etc. Will be coming back on a regular basis.	
Jan 5 2005	A Wonderful Stay at the Hotel Monaco	We stayed at the Hotel Monaco from December 28th through New Years Day. The location of Hotel itself is great, just a few blocks from Union Square. The Hotel is decorated beautifully and is very cozy. There are several fireplaces in the lobby with couches and armchairs which is really nice after a day of sightseeing, and of course the wine and cheese from 5-6 pm is nice. The service is excellent. Any question or request I had was handled immediately. For example, I had read so much about the goldfish I requested one when I made my reservation. Upon check in, I noticed there was no goldfish in the room. I inquired of the front desk after returning from dinner and was advised that they were waiting for some to come in. Within 1 minute of reaching our room, &quot;Pee-Wee&quot; was delivered to our children's delight. We stayed in a double double which consisted of two double beds, a nice bay window, mini-bar, 2 armchairs. Small but enough room for 2 adults 2 children and an infant (we even fit a crib inbetween the two beds).The bathroom/shower was immaculate, and the towels were thick and fluffy, the beds/linens luxurious and comfortable. All in all, we had a great time and would definitely stay at the Hotel Monaco next time we are in town. The only downside was at check in when the concierge wanted to authorize the entire stay on my credit card, about $900.00. When I balked, she agreed to put a hold on only 2 days of charges on the card.	
Dec 17 2004	Sleek Cheerful Modern Hotel meets Charming Old World Luxury	The Monaco is the best of both worlds: a very clean, modern, hip, well-run hotel with modern &quot;business&quot; touches such as the free wireless internet connectivity in the rooms that intersects with the charm , beauty, friendliness, and individual caring of an old world luxury hotel. And these are not the words of someone who only stayed there a couple of nights, I had plenty of time to observe them. Originally I was supposed to stay at the Hotel Monaco for only 4 nights but on my last day in San Francisco I fractured my leg and needed to have surgery. My surgeon told me I could not fly for 3 weeks after surgery, so I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 4 weeks. During the course of my stay, I stayed in 3 different rooms and was able to observe almost all the staff. There are not enough words to describe how wonderful the hotel and the staff are. A kinder group of people you cannot imagine. They went out of their way to make sure I was comfortable and I ended up writing a long letter to the President of Kimpton hotels to tell him what an amazing staff they have there. Without fail they were all terrific. As to the rooms, I've read a few comments about dusty rooms. I can say honestly that while recovering from reconstructive surgery on my leg, I spent a great deal of time on my back in 3 different rooms there and they were all spotless. I was generally in the room while housekeeping was there, but whether I was there or not, the room was always clean, fresh and tidy. The decor of the rooms is bright, cheerful and charming. My first room was one of their tiny rooms, the smallest they have but it was so well-appointed, romantic and luxurious that I didn't care. After I broke my leg, they moved me to a handicapped room and then when someone was able to join me to help take care of me they moved me to a handicapped junior suite. These rooms are a bit bigger but they faced Geary Street which can be a bit noisy with ambulances and firetrucks at night. Don't let this put you off, any hotel in downtown SF will have the same issue, I put in ear plugs and had no more problems, or you can just ask for a quiet room not on Geary street. My first room was in the back and for my first four nights there was no noise at all. If you are in a wheelchair, make sure to specify you want a roll in shower as one of the handicapped rooms had it but the junior handicapped suite did not. The bathrooms are goregous. Such a well-run hotel. Oh, the first day I checked in, I asked for a goldfish. They sent one up in a fishbowl and that little guy turned out to be my companion for the next 4 weeks. It's a great touch from a hotel full of great touches. My friends have asked me when I come back to San Francisco if I'd stay there again considering all of the pain and trauma I went through. As far as I'm concerned, I wouldn't stay anywhere else.	
Dec 17 2004	Loud Blaring Music till mid-night on a week-day	Our Reservation at the San Francisco Monaco was from December 13 thru 18. We made the reservations after reading the glowing reviews on tripadvisor. On the 4th night of our stay, we heard loud music in our 3rd floor room and complained to the front-desk at 9:30PM and at 10:30PM. They told us that there was a party in some part of the hotel which they had no control over. They offerred to move us to two seperate rooms and split the cost, but they couldn't get the music reduced. Not only that, they alleged that we were the only people complaining about the music!This is the first time I have ever stayed in a 4 star hotel where the music travels all the way from the lower level to three floors up. Not only did I get a terrible head-ache, but I also ended-up with a bad night of sleep before an important client presentation the next day. A very bad experience for any business traveller.I definetly won't stay at ANY monaco ever again.	
Dec 16 2004 	Continues to go down hill	I have stayed at the Monaco everytime I travel to San Francisco for business. No more. The rooms are in need of major help - dirty, dusty canopies - mine even was torn! Worse yet, the staff used to be so warm &amp; welcoming - during this last visit it was as if they didn't want to be there either. I encountered cold &amp; impersonal service at every turn. Too bad, this was a great hotel even a year ago. There are too many options in San Francisco to stay at a hotel past its prime.	
Nov 22 2004	A MonteCarlo Jackpot in the Monaco Hotel	the Monaco is our ONLY hotel in San Francisco. The concierge staff is amazing and helpful. The front desk is excellent. Our room attendant the her staff were the best ever. Not to mention the gorgeous decor of the place- from the street to the room to the tiny and wonderful extras that were everywhere you looked. We refer everyone to it, and will never book a flight to the bay without booking a room! Thank You Monaco Hotel!	
Nov 15 2004	My Favorite Hotel	A little pricey, but the best Kimpton I've seen thus far. I stayed in the tiny 200 square foot room, and I wouldn't have wanted anything larger. It is ADORABLE with the covered canopy bed lined in pillows, the plantation shutters, the gorgeous little stuffed chair and ottoman... The lobby is gorgeous. The bathrooms are well stocked. The lack of high speed in the room is more than made up for by the business center with complimentary internet. My only regret is that I was on business alone when I stayed here. This is absolutely the perfect romantic hotel. Next time I will bring a friend:)	
Nov 13 2004	Charming and enticing!	If you're looking for an intimate hotel experience, this is the place for you. The rooms are not large but elegantly decorated with rich colors and quality linens. We got two rooms, each with a canopy bed and faced the inner &quot;courtyard&quot;, across which you could easliy see your neighbors' activities if you left the shades open. The rooms were quiet and beds very comfortable, and the staff is exceptionally helpful and pleasant. The evening snack hour provided unimpressive, stingy hor'dorves, and the &quot;complimentary&quot; massage turned out to require a mandatory $10 tip for 5 minutes of service. I've stayed at many Hotel Monaco hotels before and I've always had a great experience. This time was no exeption. I wouldn't mind staying here again next time I come back.	
Oct 27 2004	Very nice hotel	Hotel monaco is centrally located. Close to all transportation and attractions. The hotel is small, but nice art nouveau decoration. The rooms are small but cozy. I recommend it and would stay again.	
Oct 24 2004	Charming Boutique Hotel	Just returned from an overnite to San Francisco. Having travelled previously to this great city in the past, we had always stayed at one of the larger hotel chains, the Hilton, Hyatt, Four Seasons, Marriott, Pan Pacific, Mark Hopkins, etc.... Saw this hotel in a travel magazine, looked charming and after reading the mostly positive reviews, decided it was worth a try for one night. The property far exceeded our expectations and I am sure we will return again soon. Since we are from San Diego, we have the opportunity to return often. One other important feature that made this property especially attractive at this time is a labor strike that is affecting all the major hotel chains in the city, so we were very happy not to be in the midst of all that mess! The Monaco's guest services was excellent, the amenities were very comfortable, jacuzzi in our Jr. Suite, soft linens and comforter, even a little goldfish named Ariel. Very, very pleasant stay. Highly recommend.	
Oct 21 2004	Loved It!!!	My husband and I, after a rigorous search for a hotel in San Francisco decided to stay at the Hotel Monaco. We absolutely loved it! The staff was great and was all around pleasurable. When we return to San Francisco, we will definitely stay at the Hotel Monaco!!!	
Sep 28 2004	Character Galore	First ever visit at a Kimpton Hotel. I did lots of research as was trying to find a happy medium hotel that would please our friends who are used to staying at Four Seasons and the Ritz and ourselves who like hotels with a story! Although the rooms are indeed small (but who is in their room while staying in San Francisco?) the common areas have character and charm. Our 6 star friends now find the lobbies of Hyatts/Marriots/ and such sterile and cold after a stay at the Hotel Monaco. The 5:00 wine bash allows you to visit, trade stories, gather information from other guests who have interesting lives. We received a great tip from a lady who was in the original Beach Blanket Babylon when it first started. She suggested dinner at Caps Corner after the show. We thought we were going for great food but ended up eating and drinking with the cast after the show! It was a great surprise!	
Sep 24 2004	Above 	We have had a wonderful experience each and every time we stay. The staff is very accommodating and knowledgeable about the area. They have great recommendations for attractions, activities &amp; restaurants that are slightly off the beaten path. The Area Director of Individual Travel has gone above and beyond expectation time and time again. Assisting us with all of our needs, down to the very last detail. We feel confident that the Monaco will always ensure that all of our needs are met and everything is perfect.I am very pleased with the Monaco and would highly recommend it! You know you are in good hands when you are not just another guest to the hotel you are a new found friend of the Kimpton Family.	
Sep 22 2004	Can't Wait to Come Again!!	My husband and I purchased the hotel stay from Hotwire.com. After making the purchase, found some reviews that mentioned that the hotel was alright or the person had a negative experience; worried for 3 months that I had made a mistake selecting this hotel. That was until we arrived at our room stepped in and fell in love. The room was beautifully decorated, and very clean. If a pet had stayed in it before us, we did not smell it. The Aveda products were cool. We enjoyed the pet goldfish “Pia”. The hotel staff was very nice and always greeted us or inquired about our day. The doormen are the best, always cheerful and helped us explore S.F. Hotel in a great location: close to the trolleys, Union Square, the theaters and art galleries. We will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 17 2004	Decadent...in a cute way!	For a quick, luxurious getaway, I loved the Hotel Monaco! Very plush, great service and they even give you a little goldfish in a glass bowl to keep during your stay and take home! They have wine tasting in the evening and the atmosphere is elegant and upbeat. There's a beautiful big fireplace in the lobby to curl up in front of on a chilly San Francisco evening, and you just can't beat the location, right around the corner from Union Square! Definitely try their cafe downstairs, but don't forget to try David's Delicatessen, too, for amazing blintzes across the street on Geary (I swear I don't work there, I just love the place!). Hotel Monaco is worth the money for a quick weekend or even longer!	
Sep 14 2004	Hotel Monaco: Fabulous Old World Charm	My husband and I first stayed at the Monaco in July of this year as the fortuitous result of a Priceline bid. We had expected to get a room in a more corporate type of hotel like the Hyatt or Hilton so we were absolutely thrilled to end up here. Last week, we returned to San Francisco on a business/pleasure trip and paid the going rate to stay at The Clift Hotel. We were so disappointed with that that we checked out early and moved back into the Monaco.The Hotel Monaco is as warm in its hospitality as it is in its decor. Service here is formal but not stuffy: the staff are courteous, professional and have a sense of humour. The door men are real characters who always greet you as you enter and leave, and leap energetically into the street to flag down a passing cab.I feel really pampered here, with the warm cookies at check in, the complimentary wine and cheese hour every evening, the luxurious spa and your own pet goldfish to keep you company in your room.Yes, the rooms are a little small, but they are so beautifully and individually decorated that it really doesn't matter.The public rooms are sumptuous - the fireplace and the painted ceilings in the lobby are particularly stunning. The Grand Cafe boasts wonderful French fare at reasonable prices and is perhaps one of the most magnificent dining rooms in the city. The Petit Cafe has delicious cheap food and is a fun bar for after dinner drinks. It's just a shame that it closes so early during the week - by 11pm.This is not a cheap hotel but then no hotel of this class is in San Francisco and it certainly represents much better value than its next door neighbour, The Clift. Unlike some other reviewers, I haven't stayed in any other Klimpton Hotels so I can't compare, but do I think The Hotel Monaco in San Francisco stands on its own merits.	
Sep 13 2004	This place is the best!	My husband and I stayed here for Memorial Weekend 2004. We absolutely loved this hotel. We looked the whole look of the hotel and loved the evening wine and cheese w/ tarot card reader! We highly recommend this hotel!	
Aug 20 2004	Stay here!	Stayed at Hotel Monaco on August 17 and 18th. We had a non/smoking double deluxe room on the 6th floor and although the room was small, as other reviewers have mentioned, they are VERY clean, comfortable and decorated nicely. Housekeeping provided fresh towels and a nightly turndown along with the Aveda bath products replenished. I felt pampered. The 5pm wine and cheese reception is pleasant and for a suggested donation you can receive a shoulder/neck message or a tarot card reading. Arrive early for sign up.The hotel is convenient to Union and also the BART station at Powell. Traveled quite easily from SFO on the BART and walked everywhere. Just plan ahead and have your map ready. We checked out the lobbies of the other Kimpton hotels we came upon, but glad we picked the Monaco. Someone always greeted us when we left for the day or for dinner and when we returned.The best place by far to have breakfast is at Dottie’s True Blue Cafe, right around the corner of the hotel. Yes, you do enter the beginnings of the Tenderloin district and there are a few frightening homeless people, etc. However, exit the hotel left and walk around the corner (Jones Street) it's just down a few doors down. This place is a gem and the food was awesome. I cant’ say it enough.	
Aug 17 2004	Romantic Hotel Monaco with a giggle	This is our third trip to the Hotel Monaco in San Francisco. Most folks think small equals bad in a hotel room, but the charming queen canopy bed in Cynthia Rowley's delightfully inspired decor fashions this tiny room into the coziest romantic bed we've met in the world. Stuffed with pillows, luscious bedding and even lit inside the canopy, this bed is a special place we look forward to seeing again and again. We've stayed at other Kimpton properties and even larger rooms and suites at this one, but none compare to the surprise and intimacy of this gem. The giggle is the hotel's playful sense of self such as the pet-for-a-night goldfish or the way we feel in this room.	
Aug 16 2004	Would like to stay there again	I'm a fan of the DC Kimpton hotels. Compared to the groove of Helix and Rouge, the Monaco felt a bit tame, but I liked it nevertheless.The room was small but I liked the kitschy/comfy decor and the small nice touches such as the yoga basket. The Tenderloin district around the hotel is a bit sketchy though. Would they incorporate a complimentary European-style continental breakfast (the room service breakfast was OK but overpriced), I'd truly feel in hotel heaven here. America needs more hotels like these...	
Aug 5 2004	PERFECT!!!	Just returned from two fantastic nights at the Monaco! The Suite we were in was on the sixth floor and was very spacious for San Francisco standards and the Jacuzzi tub was HUGE!!! Fits two easily. The decor is beautiful. The free wine hour starting at 5 pm is a perfect place to unwind from a busy day of sightseeing. The location is good (two blocks from Union Square and Cable Cars). Staff is Over the Top great. Name recognition almost scary. Will return for sure.	
Jul 26 2004	Overrated and stuffy	Stayed July 20-24. This hotel does not measure up to other Kimpton hotels where we have stayed. We had to ask where the fitness/spa were located and never did see a concierge desk. The exercise facilities were crowded into a small space and the hot tub was way too hot. The rooms were nice, definitely very clean, but except for a few exceptions of a housekeeper, bellman, and desk clerk, staff not very hospitable or welcoming. The hotel was very nice but did not feel welcome as we have at other Kimpton hotels. The hotel did give us a free upgrade, which was fortunate, because otherwise the room would have been too small. This wasn't a bad experience, just not up to our expectations for a Kimpton hotel. I would try a different hotel when next in San Fran--maybe Orchard or Serrano or Villa Florence. Restaurants were very nice but service not a priority at this hotel.	
Jul 16 2004	A hotel that deserves praise	stayed here last year feel guilty to have taken so long to write a review as this hotel deserves some praise!I took my wife and two children.Room was good size,decor and facilities (inc Goldfish) were excellent. Ate in the restaurant downstairs wonderful atmosphere,great service and food.Staff friendly,We enjoyed the free wine tasting ,tarot card reading and masseuse in the Lobby .All very laid back and Californian.	
Jul 8 2004	First class stay at a wonderful hotel	This is a magical hotel. The public rooms are amazing, the service friendly and helpful, and the little extras (including the prt goldfish) make it that bit special. Our room was comfortable and cosy. I would highly recommend this hotel, we would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 7 2004	Another great Monaco stay	This was our second Hotel Monaco experience (Chicago being the other). As with our previous stay, the San Francisco Hotel Monaco was a real treat. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean. The bed was super comfortable. The restaurant was outstanding. Etc, etc...The rooms are small but cozy. They are perfect for a San Francisco stay -- just enough room to sleep, nap, unwind and clean up. The rest of the time should be spent exploring the city! The free wine hour is a lot of fun and serves as a great starting point for a night on the town. Additionally, the free morning Starbucks helps kick start your day.The location is nearly perfect. You're a short walk from Union Square, which in turn is a short walk from Chinatown and the Financial District. Be warned, if you leave the hotel for a walk, turn right once you hit the sidewalk. Going left will drop you in the Tenderloin, a rather depressed area of SF.All in all the Hotel Monaco complimented a great visit to San Francisco.	
Jun 17 2004	Be forewarned....	We decided to stay in this hotel because of the great comments that we've read. Unfortunately, our experience was not the same. Be forewarned that the rooms are extremely small. There was hardly any room to move around once you pull out the ottoman from under the desk to use with the nice chair to sit on. The most disappointing aspect of our stay was the bed. Although the bed itself was comfortable, the canopies and curtains around the bed (we had four poster with canopies and curtains around the bed) were worn and torn in many places. I was kept on thinking that it would look so much more bright if they simply removed all that worn and dusty fabric! THe room looked very gloomy and dark because of this. Other than that, the facilities were clean and nice. BTW, you can't really enjoy opening the one small window because it overlooked another room and so if you can see them, they can certainly see through your room too. So, the room was always dark and gloomy.The cookies were good though. 	
Jun 6 2004	Romantic dining and great staff	A great oasis when travelling to SF. The staff was always friendly, pleasant and very helpful. We ate dinner at the Grand restaurant on Memorial Day and it was one of the most delicious, romantic meals we've ever had. (The special was weiner schnitzel). The waiter and sommelier recommended an excellent wine. Even the guests had polite, interesting children! We can hardly wait to go back some day. I want to try out other Kimpton hotels.A fabulous experience. Top quality amenities in the rooms, including a duvet, stereo, and flat-screen television. 	
Jun 5 2004	Loved it!	We were looking for a quick getaway to S.F. Found a great deal with air fare and hotel for the same price as the airfare alone! The Hotel Monaco is fabulous....people are VERY friendly. Hotel is very lovely...very art deco era! Rooms are small, European style but still fine. VERY nicely decorated. Make sure to ask for a gold fish and take advantage of the massage..you'll need it if you walk those S.F. hills.	
Jun 5 2004	Amazing !!!	What a ablow out sur prize, my second visit once a year ago for business this time for a weekend in the city. The manager has changed and you know it !! They could not stop dotting on me - if you want to spoiled sincerly and genuinly check out this great little place.Dont miss the personal service from the present, poised staff.Rooms are small but well appointed with plush ammenities - I will be back !!Mike 	
Jun 4 2004	Hotel Monaco is nearly perfect	Almost everything about the hotel and staff was perfect during my stay. I also got this hotel through Priceline for $65 a night which is a steal. The posted rate was $199 which would also be fair relative to the brand name competition's rates.Lobby: The lobby is beautiful. I'm not sure how to descibe it art terms but it is very attractive. There were fresh baked cookies at the counter to enjoy during the quick process. In the mornings there is complimentary coffee in an adjoining room. In the early evening there is wine and cheese, also complimentary. There is a back massage service and a tarot card reader whose services are free but to whom you should offer a gratuity. Room: Our room was small but otherwise flawless. Everything looked brand new. There were no dents in the wooden furniture or marks on the walls - which were done in deep red and gold striped wallpaper. The colors are bold and the accents show that someone put much thought into decorating. An example is that the artwork on the walls was the right size to make the room look like someone's home - assuming that person had excellent taste. At a large chain hotel I stayed in recently, a huge wall had one small framed print. It looked silly. Other accents included a huge mirror with a very artistic frame and throw pillows on the bed - which was very comfortable - that complemented the rest of the decor. Rooms have cable TV, CD player, hair dryer, iron, and robes. Soaps and shampoos are by Aveda. For a fee, there is high speed Internet, a fax machine and Nintendo games. The mini bar was fully stocked with snacks, alcohol, soda, water, etc. Service: This is where the Monaco stands out. The doorman started to help us immediately. He asked us about our travels, our hometown, etc. while organizing our bags on a trolley. After a few more pleasantries he directed us to the front desk. As I mentioned, check-in was a breeze. We were barely in our room before the bags arrived - brought by another cheerful employee. We didn't have much further interaction with the staff because everything was nearly perfect. We came back one afternoon to find a complementary bottle of champagne in the room as we had mentioned to the doorman that we were in town for our own wedding in a few days. Upon leaving, the bellman was really friendly and talkative. Checkout was a breeze. I definitely got the impression that the employees really like their jobs and are probably well compensated relative to their peers. Their friendliness never seems forced. It seems that they are in the hospitality business by choice and that they grasp the concept that by being friendly they promote repeat business. This simple idea seems lost in most American companies these days. Other: The hotel has a small fitness center with treadmills, stationary bikes, and Nautilus as well as a large Jacuzzi, a steam room and a sauna. As with the guest rooms, everything was clean and well maintained. Towels were provided. There is also a small business center. There is a restaurant adjoining the lobby, Grand Cafe. I didn't eat there but it got a 21 from Zagat and always seemed to be packed in the evenings. The location is about 3 blocks west of Union Square so it is within easy walking distance of the Union Square shopping district as well as the Financial District. Public Transportation of all sorts is nearby. 	
Jun 1 2004	Loved it!	Got this through price line for $65 a night. Stayed there between 18th and 22nd of May. During the nights I stayed there, the rooms were advertised for prices ranging between $220 to $300. This is a lovely hotel. Check in was fast, staff was friendly and the door man (Ken) down right helpful with directions and sightseeing etc.The room was spacious, lavishly decorated with all the trappings like mini-bar, steam iron, high speed internet access, fax machine, room safe etc.The free wine, cheese and massages are good. The hotel is located in a very central location with the cable car turnaround &amp; Market St station only a few blocks away. Deli's, shops etc are within a couple of blocks radius.However this hotel borders an iffy area (The Tenderloin). But the doorman can tell you which way you are not supposed to go. I followed his directions and never had any trouble.For a price of $65 (for a 4 star/boutique), it is an absolute steal. You cant get a decent 2 star in a central location such as this for the same price (I know, I checked!!)	
May 20 2004	Fab Boutique -- esp. if you get a Web rate.	I pricelined a boutique hotel in SF the day before, and got the Hotel Monaco for $65 a night. At that rate I was expecting a key to the broom closet. Instead, they gave me a gorgeous room -- everything brand new, fantastic appointments and linens. The service was fine, staff friendly, and the restaurant downstairs is a fun place to grab breakfast or a drink. All in all, it's a fine place -- I'd stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Feb 11 2004	Would not recommend	I heard nothing but great things about Hotel Monaco and the Kimpton Hotel chain from people I know. My husband and I decided to stay in the SF location for a birthday celebration, and we so disappointed we vowed never to go back. Our room was TINY for one thing, and the fixtures and bedding looked so worn it was pathetic. Our bedding had holes in it! I've been told the bed are &quot;heavenly&quot; beds, but ours was anything but. We had a breakfast package, where we were to received breakfast for free the next day. After waiting over 1.5 hours for our food, we called and were promptly told that some of the staff called in sick and that everyone was behind. No sorry, no nothing. Then, we we finally go our food, one meal was missing! One of the wonderful things about this hotel is giving their patrons bathrobes to wear while staying. Well, we were missing one. Not that I mind, but I didn't want to be accused of taking it and getting charged for it after we left.Needless to say, I wouldn't never stay in this location again, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. However, based on the rave reviews of other locations, I would try other hotels in the chain.	
Feb 10 2004 	Love this Hotel!!!	This is truly a hidden gem! I would recommend the Hotel Monaco to anyone who wants a unique lodging experience. The staff is welcoming, professional and friendly. The decor is warm and inviting - makes me want to lounge in the &quot;living room&quot; all day. Coffee, tea and cookies in the a.m. were complimentary. Not to mention, complimentary wine and cheese was served in the evening- what a great way to end a long day of sightseeing and shopping. Great location for shopping too! Definitely my hotel choice the next time I visit SF!	
Feb 9 2004	beautiful Hotel Monaco	my family and I found the Monaco to be a beautful Hotel with a helpfull and friendly staff, we were made to feel at home and enjoyed our stay and will bve back again! thank you, Anne Marie Monahan	
Jan 30 2004	Great Location!	Stayed at this hotel in December 2003. Suites were nice size, but a little worn. However, fantastic location...close to everything! Minutes away from theatre, Union Square, Bart and Cable Car. Easy walk to Museum of Modern Art. Restaurant on premises is excellent! Very popular so get a reservation! Will definitely stay here again!	
Jan 22 2004	I really really wanted to like this hotel...but	I had been looking forward to my stay at the Monaco immensely .. I had read many positive things, liked the fact that it was &quot;pet friendly&quot; (although not bringing any pets myself) and seemed to have an eclectic atmosphere. I am a frequent business traveller and like trying different hotels. Ultimately, an uncaring attitude and lack of service led me to write this review.First, the positive...my request for a quiet room with high speed internet was met. I did have to wait an hour or so for the room to be ready, (I arrived at 12 noon, so this is understandable)...I was offered a complimentary drink at the bar to pass some time, which I thought was quite nice.Now, for the negatives: I did attend the wine hour my first night; which in addition to wine and snacks had a tarot card reader as well as a masseuse. I did patronize both of these people, who made it clear that there was a &quot;suggested fee&quot; associated with each of their respective services. I paid each what they asked for. Prior to retiring for the evening I requested a wake up call for the next morning....it never came.The following night, I stopped in during the wine hour again. This time, there was a gentleman greeting guests, and pouring wine. He was making a point to tell the guests that the wine, snacks, tarot card reading and shoulder/neck massage were all &quot;complimentary&quot;. I approached this gentleman when he was alone and told him my experiences the night before, of being told and in fact paying a fee for each. He apologized, said that a fee should not have been solicited, (but admitting that it had been a problem in the past) and that they should have only mentioned that gratuities are allowed, or have a &quot;gratuity jar&quot; in visibile view. He suggested I speak to managment, and gave me a name of an appropriate person.The following morning (after receiving a wake up call, albeit 25 minutes late) I did make arrangements to meet the &quot;director&quot;. When I reiterated my experience of being asked for money by both the tarot card reader and masseuse during the wine hour, this person got very defensive, stating that I must be mistaken, once again using the term that these are offered &quot;complimentary&quot;, but gratuities are allowed. I explained that &quot;complimentary&quot; means free, and although a suggested gratuity is certainly acceptable, stating a fee for something that is supposed to be complementary is not. I was only looking for an apology, and a &quot;we will certainly speak to these people&quot;; and a thank you for letting management know that this has occurred. I got none of this; and was made to feel that I imagined the whole thing. I did also mention the wake up calls (one that never came, one that was late) and was told that sometimes &quot;mistakes are made&quot;, but still, no &quot;I'm sorry&quot;. Incredible. My first and only stay at the Hotel Monaco, San Francisco.	
Jan 20 2004	Pet Allergies Beware	My husband and I visited San Francisco over the Christmas holidays and decided to stay in several Kimpton hotels during our stay. Our second stop was the Hotel Monaco for three nights. When we checked in we asked if any room upgrades were available, and for an additional $80 we could upgrade to a whirlpool suite. We choose to make the upgrade and checked into our suite. The hotel advertises free high-speed internet access, but our room on the 2nd floor had no connection. So after several calls to the front desk we were told the high-speed internet is only available on upper floors. So we asked to be moved so we could utilize our laptop. The suite we moved into had a pet odor was evident, and in my opinion was not really that clean, I saw a leftover dog chew bone unter the television cabinet. I remembered reading online that the hotel was &quot;pet friendly&quot; but we were not advised by a posted sign at the front desk or by the clerk that our room had been previously occupied by animals. I have allergies to pet hair and was advised all the rooms were &quot;pet friendly&quot; so moving rooms was not an option to get away from the pet hair. After two nights we decieded to cut our stay with the Hotel Monaco short and moved on to our next hotel. I would not recommend this hotel, and would not stay there again. I was very disappointed considering we had seen this hotel as one of the Top 100 hotels in the World Magazine.	
Jan 9 2004	Couldn't Ask for A nicer Place to Stay	This is a great place to stay in San Francisco. The rooms are small, but they are GORGEOUS and romantic. The staff is beyond helpful, the price is reasonable for a hotel of this level, it's a two minute walk away from union square -- a ten minute walk to nob hill, and the restuarants a serve delicious food.I would stay here again any day. It's a fun atmosphere. These rooms are decorated unlike any other place you've ever seen, and this made our vacation to SF feel really special.	
Dec 11 2003	Love the Cookies! Tiny Rooms	We stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 4 nights in October 2003. It was a very pleasant stay. The staff was great, remembering my name throughout my stay. The tiny boutique rooms are decorated very neatly. The bathrooms are oddly spacious. The afternoon cookies are scrumptious and the wine &amp; cheese was very nice. Arrive early to the wine &amp; cheese if you'd like a massage or tarot card reading. There was a waiting list.My one complaint is that they didn't scale down the furniture for the size of our room. We had an extremely small room, maybe 4x5 walking area. And there was a huge desk (with no drawers), an enormous entertainment unit (with 2 drawers, 1 filled with things to buy), an enormous nightstand - with no drawers and a giant desk chair. It was totally impractical, for what I would guess is mostly a pleasure hotel, being in the Theater district. We actually had to move the furniture around to accomodate 2 suitcases and there was no place to put our unpacked clothing. We had to take turns packing and dressing.	
Nov 18 2003	Slips in Service	Friendly staff and attractive rooms. Service is lacking- waited 3 hours and bags were still not delivered, booked a package and items were not delivered. I also had to request the champagne that was to be delivered upon arrival. No turn down service. Too many slip-ups at this price. If you expect service, try another hotel there are PLENTY in SF.	
Oct 16 2003	I'll probably go back	It was an above average room. The bed was very comfortable and Lots of pillows. I got in late and appreciated the 24 hour room service. The conceriege got me to a great Thai restaurant within walking distance, and had some good leads for certain specialty shops. Union Square is within walking distance. Wine tasting on weekday evenings was a comfortable atmosphere. The immediate neighborhood is a little iffy. But it has character and I still enjoyed it more than a big chain. It only isn't a 5/5 because the room was a little cramped and I was on the outside wall and that meant enough street noise that I was awakened several times during the night. If I went again I'd try to request an 'inside hallway' room. Next time I go to SF I'll probably plan on going back but look around and compare and see if anything else seems as interesting.	
Jul 27 2003	Nothing Compares!		
Jun 11 2003	3 nights in June 2003		
Jun 7 2003	Loved the Monaco		
May 24 2003	Hotel Monaco is Very Good		
May 16 2003	Stay AWAY from here!		
Apr 28 2003	monaco rated #1 so we went and were sorry!		
Apr 28 2003	Great Accommodations		
Apr 13 2003	Best Hotel in San Francisco		
Mar 3 2003	Pampering with Style		
Nov 17 2002	American in Montreal		
Oct 18 2009 	????????		
Oct 15 2009 	Mejor de lo esperado		
Oct 12 2009 	bezauberndes Hotel		
Sep 30 2009	State attenti se davvero dormirete lì!!		
Jul 20 2009 	Lo recomiendo totalmente.		
May 3 2009 	La ubicación perfecta		
Nov 28 2008 	Charmant hotel et bien situé		
Oct 31 2008 	bonne étape		
Mar 29 2007 	Buen hotel de ciudad		
