Nov 19 2009 	A money saver - but that is the only reason to stay here	Stayed at the Oasis for three days in October 2009. We had not booked hotels for our travels, relying on last minute bookings in an attempt to get good value deals and not blow out the budget. Chose the Oasis primarly due to the free security carparking (car parking can cost a bomb in San Fran).Rooms are very basis and badly worn and the hotel is situated well off out of &quot;tourist&quot; areas. This hotel would appear to be linked to a French Tour company, as many of the occupants are French tourists.Basically if you want a cheap hotel with secure and free parking, well this will do, but beware whilst clean and comfortable, this is 2 star hotel at best, in a less than ideal area - I would not walk around outside after dark.	
Sep 10 2009 	Not bad but try to avoid!	We stayed at the Oasis for one night, which was enough! We were checked in by a very unhelpful member of staff, which we weren't quite sure whether he could speak English or not? The room was very basic, with the furniture looking as though it was at least 15 years old. But it appeared rather clean and as it was only for one night we weren't too fussed and for San Francisco the rates were reasonably cheap! There was also free covered parking, which is very helpful as parking in san francisco is extortionate, and for this reason we would recommend using public transport. The bed was comfortable, however we did spend a great deal of time fretting over bedbugs, which there didn't seem to be. So the above review could well just of been a one off! All in all although the oasis was cheap, for what it was I would say it was overpriced, as hotel rooms are now priced very competively so if you can look around for discounted rates at better hotels.	
Jul 21 2009 	Dont stay	The hotel is located in the 'bad' part of the city and you never really feel safe in what is an open hotel. The security, if you can call it that, are worse than useless and offer very little help. People can walk in and out of the hotel if and when they please which is worrying but on a side note the technician was very helpful in transfering a new TV into our room as our old one was trash.On the second night we were woken up by the police department. A homeless person had found there way into a room on the 1st floor and the police department were called and just past midnight we heard them attempting to break through the door and even shouted 'if you dont open up we'll shoot'. We then spoke to reception who not suprisingly denied any wrong doing and after we asked for a move to another hotel they claimed they'd move us to a safer room on the 3rd floor, basically stating that any room on the lower deck is unsafe as people can come and go as they please.If you want a nice stay in what is an amazing city DONT come here, its not very nice at all.	
Jul 15 2009 	Don't let the bed bugs bite!	Well, at first it looked like a basic hotel, good price, location not in the best part of town, but well connected, free parking, the rooms looked ok (bathroom not too great, but ok for thr price), thanks to a friendly neighbor even free wifi. The bad surprise came after 2 nights. After the first night we noticed several stitches on our bodies. The second night we made sure there were no mosquitos in the room, yet we found even more stitches. We talked to the staff and got a new room. The third night in the new room was even worse. A closer look at the matresses revealed the problem: Bed bugs!!!Up to now we didn't get any refund and still hope to get to talk to the manager at some point. We tried calling several times (on the sunday we left no person ich charge was reachable) .	
Jun 9 2008 	Great for experienced budget travelers	know what to expect and you won't have any problems. always check Yelp.com or trip advisor before going anywhere and you should save yourself any disappointment. The Oasis Inn is the best budget hotel that I have found yet in the city that is not in a bad location. It is right in the center of the city - just a few blocks from the city hall/civic center area. The food is really good towards the Tenderloin area, but I would avoid it after dark if you can. Take a taxi or drive - the parking is included and there are in-and-out privileges.The smoking rooms are basic and smokey. The nonsmoking rooms are just basic and look like early nineties. I haven't had any problems with my room, but it can get loud at times if you leave your window open as they are very close to a major thoroughfare for the city (Van Ness).I usually stay for about $75-80, but have gotten rooms from Samsclub/Costco for around $60. I don't understand people who get a great deal on a hotel in a very nice area and then bash it because it's not what they were expecting. there are plenty of pictures and reviews around and the hotel has been renovated in recent years. Who stays in their hotel rooms for any lengthy period of time anyway? As long as there is a clean bed, working shower, and relative quiet for a city, then you should be golden.At these prices, it's a steal. I have stayed at dozens of hotels in San Francisco from 2 stars all the way up to 5 stars and honestly , I'd rather skimp on the hotel and spend my money on dining out or seeing a show.	
Oct 16 2006 	Gross.	We had booked this hotel merely as a stopover for one night before catching a flight out of the city. I know you get what you pay for, so I wasn't expecting miracles, just a place to sleep, but The Oasis was gross, even with our low expectations. We couldn't get a cab so we walked through the Tenderloin to get to the hotel, which was hair-raising enough in itself, but to then get a room which looked like it should be rented by the hour (and smelt like it), was just too depressing. The furnishings were grubby or mismatched or broken, and my pillow smelt of stale perfume -the sheets had a stain on them that didn't bear close examination so I guess they don't do the laundry regularly. The bathroom was ok but it felt grimy.I stay at cheap hotels all the time -I agree with the reviewer who says you use a hotel as somewhere to crash inbetween sightseeing, but there were other hotels in the city for the same price, and I'm sure at least some of them must be cleaner than this dump.The lift was filthy and outside the lobby smelt overpoweringly of air freshener ( a case of too little too late, I think!)We couldn't wait to leave in the morning. It's a horrible hotel!	
Sep 17 2006	Never ever stay at the Oasis	I was here with a tour group at the end of July and can say that I have never been to a worse hotel in my life. On the first night my friend who I was sharing the room with, used the bathroom and as soon as he flushed the toilet it started to overflow and continued for about 30mins to spill (--) all over the floor, there was about half an inch of sewage on the floor. The guy at reception took 30 mins to come and see it, as we had called him straight after the incident. They changed us rooms, but because all our toiletries were in the bathroom we were not able to get them out, they told us to get them in the morning (it was 1 am). BUT, in the morning they had all disappeared and nobody knew where they were. Don’t talk to me about the “continental breakfast” that they tried to put on, it was a mix of crappy bread and nutella chocolate spread and some orange juice that was probably past its sale by, not very continental to me, but whatever. At night I had no more smokes so I went to get some from the local shell but when returning I found a homeless drug addict roaming the halls of the hotel, makes me think about safety overall a very very bad hotel, the management don’t seem to ever be there, the staff that are there speak either bare English or such a rude dialect of English that you wonder what they are talking about.	
May 30 2006 	Never book this hotel !!!	When I arrived at this hotel around 8:00pm, a guy was despereately standing there. He got an email confirmation from Expedia, but no room would be available to him. And the front desk guy was going to do nothing about it. Then it was my turn. I had been very confident that I would not suffer that guy's fate because 1) I reserved through a travel agency 2) My credit card has been charged by Oasis Inn 3) I have called the day before to confirm everything is OK. But I was wrong!!! I was told that the just &quot;SOLD OUT&quot;!!! HOW ABOUT MY MONEY!!! HOW ABOUT THEIR PROMISE ON THE PHONE THAT THE ROOM WILL BE THERE!!!Eventually, I got better treatment than the Expedia Boy, perhaps because I called before. I was sent to another hotel. And I just had no other choice. The story is: Oasis Inn, SF will sell his RESERVED rooms to other people with no hesitation.That was totally a nightmare. Please, please do NOT book that hotel.	
Jul 11 2005 	KNOW WHAT YOU WANT	The Oasis is not the Marriott, not the Hyatt, no atrium and doormen, no real amenities other than a room at a rate that is affordable and how much are you going to hang around a hotel that is right in the heart of SF. FREE PAKRING TOO, yes folks no $35 a night billed to your hotel room to park your ---- rental car. All in all a good deal at $69 a night IF:you are going to be doing a lot of touring and a hotel is simply a ----, shave and shower. This is not a hang aorund hotel, no lobby, no cocktail lounge, no coffee shop, no atriumed lounge area, this is a place you sleep, shower and go see SF and you can walk to ANYWHERE IN DOWNTOWN FROM HERE AND NOT MOVE THE CAR.Yes, the rooms are total Days Inn, Motel 6 but for the most part clean. The elevator from front desk to room floors is filthy but who gives a ----. you are not living in the elevator. You have to ralize where you are staying and that is in the heart of SF very close to the Opera House and City Hall, and you can walk to Polk Street a block over for good restaurants and Van Ness the main drag has great food. You are close to Pacific Heights on the near west side and not too ---- far from Haight Asbury.This is a place to stay folks not an elegant hotel that wants 300 a nite and more for parking. USE that money for a tour to Alcatraz or dining this great city to walk.The Oasis will grow on you. Right on Franklin street to go up the hill to Pacific Heights, the Presidio and Lombard Street. Its safe as the main lobby is totally secured and only the front desk guy an let you in after about 10 pm via a buzzer from the desk.AGAIN this aint the Hyatt. But the $$ I saved made my trip to SF remarkable and not concentrated on a hotel room I was only gonna use to sleep and shower.Yes, they could do some more cleaning as the interior is dated and dirty and they have some college kids living there renting by the month from the SF School of Culinalry Arts down the street but these are not caruousing frat boys these are kids who walk to school in the morn.Leave your heart in SF not 300 a night at the Hyatt.	
Dec 1 2004	In need of a Major overhaul.	Have just returned from 5 nights at the Oasis and would not go back.The elevator was slow and in my opinion could have done with a good clean up. On leaving the elevator on the 4th floor we were faced with corridors which have not had a lick of paint for who knows how long.The room itself was unimpressive fitted with furniture well below its best. There was a coffee maker but you were provided with plastic holders and plastic disposable cups to drink from. The room had a microwave but this was on top of the 6ft high television cabinet with no socket nearby to plug into. The nearest usable socket was just outside the bathroom which meant you had to lift this unit from the top of the cabinet to use it.The bath had a crack in the inner skin of the plastic bath which when pressed allowed water to ooze out into the bath, this water was obviously trapped between the broken inner skin and the outer skin of the bath. The towels were plentiful and clean.The bed sheets were heavily stained and of poor quality but were clean.There is a free breakfast but you have to leave the Inn and go a couple of blocks away to a hotel under the same ownership 'The Embassy'.Believe me it was a waste of a walk.Finally the Inn is just of the Van Essen Boulevard yet there were beggars everywhere.This is the first time I have had negative report on any hotel. I always maintain you get what you pay for. Not this time	
Nov 17 2003	Great place to stay!	I stayed at the Oasis Inn this past August for two nights. I was very suprised how clean and nice the rooms actually were. For budget travel this place is a great choice to say. Very enjoyable experience!	
Aug 31 2009 	Evitatelo!!!		
Aug 23 2009 	Nicht so schlimm wie man denkt!		
Oct 28 2008 	Si c'est juste pour dormir n'hésitez pas!		
Sep 18 2007 	correct pour une nuit ou deux		
Aug 7 2007 	Das Oasis Inn war vollkommen ok.		
