	Always a good priced hotel	All basics are covered here from a clean room, coffee maker, microwave, fridge and cable TV. There's also complimentary breakfast.NOTE: They charge about $15 per night for parking.	
Nov 24 2009 	TERRIBLE! TERRIBLE! TERRIBLE!!!!!	THIS PLACE SHOULD BE CONDEMED! The worst place ever! Sheets for drapes, needle disposal box mounted in the bathroom for all the druggies that stay there.Druggies and hookers hanging around in the parking lot.My skin crawled when I walked in the room.	
Nov 24 2009 	Don't stay here - there are bed bugs!	During check-in, staff didn't speak well English, but was polite and friendly. Room 202 seemed to be renewed and looked quite nice. First thing we didn't like - noise from the street, homeless people, somebody knocked our door at 3AM and wanted money. Before we went asleep, my friend found two bugs in this bed and killed them and they let bloody spots on the bed sheet. I decided not to sleep and spent whole night in bathroom - I found there two next bugs. In the morning tried to asleep in my bed (I was very tired) - after few minutes woke up me three bugs running on my hand. We packed all lagguage and decided to stay in another hotel next night. I was too tired to argue with reception clerk about money refund, we just said &quot;we're not going to stay here next night because of bed bugs and noise&quot; and gave him glass with killed bugs. He just said &quot;ohhhh&quot;, we received invoice and left this terrible place. If you don't want to meet bed bugs, choose another hotel!	
Nov 10 2009 	Nice location but bed bugs in the bed	I stayed in this Hotel in 2007 and remembered it much cleaner and bug free. This time I came back for 4 nights and was a bid disappointed: the room was much smaller and did not seem as clean as I remembered. On the second day I woke up with some bites on my arm, I thought these were from mosquitos, but soon after I saw bedbugs in the sheets. Breakfast is good.Staff is nice.shame about the bugs!	
Nov 3 2009 	Never Again	This was without a doubt the most disappointing place I have ever stayed. The rooms were clean, so points to the housekeeping staff, but poorly maintained. They were undergoing renovations, and that was not made public until you got there. The room I had, didn't even have curtains or blinds. I had to ask for an extra sheet to hang on the window at night. The room had been freshly painted, but the patch and repair on the walls looks as if it was done by a toddler. Very poor detailing. All the furnishings were beaten up and in poor condition. I had to program the TV, as it was a total blank with ZERO channels working. No heat, no air con. Fan in the room and portable heater.To make it worse, I paid $250 a night for a place that was maybe worth $49 a night. For what I paid, I could have stayed 15 mins walk further in either direction (stayed in Castro or in Union Square) for the same price and had a 4 or 5 star hotel. Save yourself the hassle. Don't stay here. The weekend manager was rude and curt, very dismissive. From my room, I could see the front desk. When I called the desk for questions, I could see him looking at the phone, but not answering. Assuming he was playing on the computer or watching TV. Dealing with guests was not his primary concern.I booked and pre-paid online at hotels.com. After I went to my room, I went to the desk right away to ask about a different room or to get my $$ money back and check out. Neither was an option. They weren't interested in refunding my money, nor were they going to put me in a room with curtains. Hotels.com was useless too.	
Oct 26 2009 	Disgusting!	* Pros: Location was excellent for walking everywhere. Friendly staff.* Cons: Parking fee was ridiculous and should be included in price in my opinion.The staff I met was nice and friendly but that doesn't make up for the horror that was found in the room. I realise you get what you pay for but a thin, stained sheet for a curtain? (stapled to the wall I might mention) So thin you can be seen if you have any light.... The walls were painted a terrible dingy yellow and looked pretty disgusting. (like jaundice) The room just looked dirty and disgusting and I was suspect of the bed coverings. It looked just like a seedy hotel from a horror movie, complete with thin walls, dodgy people wandering the parking lot and people running around the place at all hours. Seriously, avoid this place!	
Oct 9 2009 	do yourself a favour and give this hotel a miss	Ok well as the title says ''do yourself a favour and give this hotel a miss'' i do mean give it a miss as well had the misfortune of staying here for one night when we arrived late in San Francisco and it was the first hotel we came accross.First off the night guy in the office was a nightmare,very rude and had no time for us ..........it seemed as if with us checking it was hassle to him!Things didnt get any better when we got to the room,very run down,smelly and dirty but it was late and would have been hard to get anywhere else so we decided to stay for the night.Woke next more to a knock at the door and it was my mate who informed me his bed sheets were covered in hard vomit around the bottom!as you can guess this about finished us and as we were booking out we were informed by another guest that it was place for prositutes to bring back thier clients.So all in all not a good experiance	
Oct 7 2009 	Travelodge San Francisco	It was fairly acceptable for an airport hotel. Nice diner with great breakfast. 	
Sep 17 2009 	For a budget stay	Finding a great value in San Francisco is almost impossible. This Travelodge allows it with comfy rooms in a good location, even it may appear not too safe at night.Staff is unfriendly and talking to them means to use the night window only, even it's 6 in the afternoon... Beside this, room are in good conditions and in this period they're working on the curtains so they cannot be used. TV, hairdryer, fridge and microwave are present, and they serve a good standing-breakfast in the lobby, which may be crowded in the morning. Parking here is not free and it costs about 11$ per night. Location is convenient, not so far from Castro and close to the downtown by using trams or underground.	
Aug 26 2009 	The rats in the alley had it better.	The worst hotel I have ever been to in my life. The desk clerk was rude, dirty and unpleasant. The room had no towels, no air conditioning and it smelled of a dead rat. There was about 2 sheets of toilet paper left and oh yes homeless people everywhere. I think the bed had bugs. I developed a strange rash on my arms from the bed. Probably bed bugs. I would never recommend this place to the homeless people. Stay clear of this joint.	
Aug 6 2009 	You get what you pay for !!!	The price and location of this motel is good, but stay away and chose something else. Signs said the motel was being renovated. Check in was okay. We got to the room to discover sheets on the windows for curtains and no carpet on the floors. Every window we could se was the same. There was a charge for parking each night. We were told that the wi-fi was down for the night. Actually it was down the whole time we were there.Choose elsewhere and pay the price or drive in from outside of town a ways.	
Jul 19 2009 	The worst hotel I've been to since I was in college.	If you don't moind a needle disposal box in your bathroom, sheets and bedspreads with holes, a tile floor, a fan for A/C and a bedspread to cover the windows due to replacement of &quot;drapes&quot;, then this is the place for you. Don't mind the open doors, loud music, drugs and prostitutes, that's local color. Its not in a convenient location and you probably shouldn't walk around at night. Even the owner is behind a bullet proof window after six. For the best show go on a weekend when all the boys and girls are celebrating. Bring your own boom box. Other than that Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the show	
Apr 25 2009 	Not a good value	I stayed at this hotel because I am not familiar with the city and wanted to be walking distance from my business destination. On the plus side, the hotel was easy to find the receptionist behind the bulletproof glass was polite, and even though I arrived late there was a parking space. On the negative side, was security...room doors open to the ouside motel style, cleanliness...the rug was so dirty I wore my sox at all times...sheets were clean, but the blankets and bedspreads were old, burned, ripped. I had read about bedbugs and so I checked carefully before unpacking, to find the mattresses are sealed in plastic...so good news there. But overall, you can get a better hotel room for this price.	
Apr 19 2009 	Really great value for money	This hotel is in a really good spot for the city, and is right on the main street where the trolleys run between the Castro and Fisherman's Wharf. Value for money was exceptional, especially if you mention the 'pay now' discount' when you can get a 20 percent discount when you book. I ended up getting the discount, and not even paying until I checked out anyway. The room was smaller than it looks on the website, but is very clean, with a nice bathroom. There's nothing else which compares to it in the city in this price range. It was a non smoking room, but we ended up buying scented candles and Febreze to get rid of the smoky smell. The decor was also a bit dated, and could do with renewing, but no major complaints there. There is a free breakfast buffet each morning in the lobby, with coffee, orange juice, cereal, toast, fruit and pastries. It does get busy though so don't leave it too late. The service is good, and the guy who seems to live and work there cannot do enough to help, even though his English isn't so good. Overall, a perfect no-frills option in the city. I'd definitely go back.	
Apr 8 2009	good price goo location strange atmosphere	The hotel is really good situated, though there are a lot of homeless and poor people in this area, and the big roads besides give a lot of noise.They offer free wifi access! The room was very clean, good room service and new beds. Someone who doesn't need to stay besides Fisherman's Wharf but close to the center and for S.F. conditions good prices would be pleased there.	
Mar 31 2009 	Horrible service hotel dirty and absolutely not fit for humans!	First trip to San Francisco and had such a horrible experience. Till now still quite traumatise by it. Firstly we were served by Mr Personality who looked like he rather be somewhere else than there. No politeness, no thank yous and no assistance whatsoever. Despite booking in advance to have a non smoking room, our request was not met and the minute we walked into the room, the stench was overpowering. The curtains have holes in them and the toilet window opened out to a car park. We had to buy some air freshner and even that does not take away the smell. To add insult to injury, there were wrappers, rubbish, toilet paper and god knows what else were under the bed! My sister was 2 doors away from us and she came banging on the door at 5am to hurry us to pack up and leave. BED BUGS were crawling out of her jacket and she showed them to me on a tissue with the suckers and blood! My husband killed 2 in our own room and did not tell me in case I freaked out and I DID! I later discovered that I had been bitten twice on my ankles and the itch and inflammation took almost 3 weeks to heal! Can something be done about this place? THE HOTEL OUGHT TO BE SHUT DOWN! We approached the Manager, Mr Personality who accused us of lying about the bed bugs and even asked us to prove we have been bitten! My sister told him she has the tissue and he even has the cheek to ask us to prove that the bed bugs were from his hotel! THE AUDACITY OF CALLING US LIARS AND REFUSE TO REFUND US BACK OUR MONEY! NEVER NEVER NEVER EVER AGAIN WOULD I STAY IN TRAVELODGE ANYWHERE EVER AGAIN!!! We packed up and went to Holiday Inn and paid an extra $20 more per night and had no trouble whatsoever.	
Mar 30 2009 	Affordable SFO hotel w/c was very accessible to major SFO locations	I'm from the Philippines and I booked online at the recommendation of a friend where I stayed for the whole duration of the 2009 GAme Developers Conference (March 23-27). Great value for money. If I had any issues, I would have preferred better Wifi access since I was having trouble from my room but otherwise I have no complaints.	
Mar 29 2009 	Travelodge Central San Francisco	this hotel had a great location just jsteps away from public transport.Despite not having a great room at first, we understood that the hotel was being refurbished so we gave it another try a week later.We asked to change rooms and were given an upgrade to quite a nice room with nice clean sheets and brand new shower ,curtains and carpets.The manager, Roger was very helpful during our stay and informed us of shuttle transport to the airport if required.The use of an iron was on offer if required.Breakfast was sufficient with the assistant constantly topping up the toast, fruit bowl and coffee.The foyer/breakfast room could possibly do with several bar stools instead of the 2 large chairs there as standing for breakfast was uncomfortable and crowded at times.The hotel was sold out on our second visit so it can't be that bad.There are obviously rooms that have problems but if guests mention it to Roger, i am sure he would sort out another room for them.Towels and soap and shampoo were replaced daily which was excellent.	
Mar 26 2009 	Bed bugs!!!!!!!	Do not stay there, the place is full of bed bugs, don't stay even if they give you rooms for free....	
Mar 15 2009 	The WORST hotel I have EVER stayed in!	Please do not stay here. There is not one positive thing I can say about this hotel. The location is terrible, unless you like feeling like you are in the ghetto! Bed bugs were rife. My wife was covered in bites from head to toe and is still scarred to date. Felt unsafe even walking out of the room. Dodgy people everywhere. Heard several cars had been broken into during the week of our stay, otherwise would have suggested sleeping in your car for a more comfortable stay!Given 1 star as 0 was not an option!!!	
Feb 19 2009	Good value for money	After reading the reviews on Tripadvisor I was quite skeptical about staying at here, but I'm really glad I did! The location is insanely convenient, and if you look up hotels in and around that area you'll realize just how much better the value for money is here. A decent breakfast is included, and if your on the run it's actually pretty convenient. As for the sheets on the windows, they actually told us beforehand that they were renovating and they didn't have curtains yet. I stayed during the President's Day/Valentine's day long weekend, and in spite of it being sold out I didn't think noise was a problem. The bottom line is, you get what you pay for. If you don't want to &quot;rough it out&quot; (and trust me, it's not that bad) in central San Francisco, than stay somewhere else, otherwise this is really a great bargain.	
Feb 6 2009 	Bed bugs don't stay here!	The beg bug rumor is true. Although the hotel comes at a great price and a fab location to public transportation, everything else about this hotel is awfull. I will never return to this hotel and will tell everyone else to stay away. There was obvious prostitution going on out of this hotel. Hookers with their Pimps sitting in the car until a customer would come up and then they would go into the room. Once I got home I noticed the bites from all of the bugs. I counted 27 bites on one hand alone.Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else!	
Feb 5 2009 	The Crack-Head Suite	If you like hangin' out with prostitutes and crack-heads, this hotel is for you! We booked the hotel online, since the pictures that were posted looked pretty decent. As we walked into the lobby, I immediately saw a sign that said &quot;Hourly Rates&quot;, and thats when I knew we were in for a terrible weekend. After dealing with incredibly rude front desk staff, we headed up to our room. As soon as we entered and walked around the tiny and disgustingly gross room, I immediately knew that all my chances of getting lucky with my girlfriend that weekend were gone. Where do I begin... There were suspicious characters loitering around in the parking lot, hallways, and stairways. This hotels specific website states that there is a security guard on site, but we saw no such person. The room smelled like rat crap, the carpet and bedding were dirty, our fridge and microwave did not work. There is a sharps container conveniently located in the bathroom, for those special occasions. The bed mattress is covered in plastic, so you dont have to worry about getting any fluids on it. When I finally convinced my GF to come to bed (fully clothed from head to toe) we tried to get some sleep, only to be awaken by some screaming crazy psycho a couple rooms over that must have been taking advantage of the hourly rates. When we woke up, there was a black bug crawling around on the sheet next to me. I quickly killed it and swiped it away before my GF saw it and freaked out. Bottom line, if youre thinking about saying here....DON'T DO IT!	
Jan 26 2009	Eeeek	If you value your life; don't stay here. There were sheets stapled to the walls as curtains, a sharps container for IV drug users in the bathroom, burns all over the sheets and I barely dared sit on the bed. Yikes. I guess the price should have clued me in and I didn't see all the bed bug postings.	
Jan 22 2009 	Horrible Horrible Experience and Staff!!! Don't give them your business!	Unless you like being treated like dirt, don't stay here. The disrespect I was shown by being called a liar and being repeatedly lied to myself was severely rude and blatantly mean.I had a medical emergency that delayed my plane flight. I called to rearrange my hotel dates,was put on hold for 15 minutes while the staff yelled at a woman customer in the lobby (I could hear everything) until the poor woman was crying.Then he left her crying in the background while he went on to helping another customer while I remained on the line. So, I hung up and called back later. The staff assured me that due to the situation it would be no problem to change the date as long as I intended to still stay @ their hotel and to call back after seeing the doctor on Mon.. So, I immediately called the hotel on Mon. to inform them of the proposed dates of arrival. I was told by the staff on Mon.that it was impossible, that they were charging my card for 1 night's stay. When I explained about the conversation with the staff on Fri.,he told me that I was lying, that I had never called on Fri. &amp; that he was the only staff there. I was given the general manager's name after calling the headquarters so I called back the next day &amp; actually got the same staff I spoke with on Fri. (the staff that supposedly didn't exist). He said that I was already charged for the night &amp; that he had said no such thing.I tried to explain again but couldn't get in 2 words edgewise besides to tell me to call the general manager the next day.So,I just got off the phone with the manager, Roger Patel, the quickest conversation ever. He said there was a note in front of him, telling him that if I called to make sure I was charged for one night's stay.I tried to explain the situation, but again, no 2 words in edgewise.I said that actually I would be staying at their hotel more days than originally planned, but he didn't care. So unless you're a glutton for punishment, don't bother!!! Spend your money elsewhere!!	
Jan 15 2009 	Dingy small past evidence of bedbugs	I went with a friend to a conference in early December (who booked the lodging, unfortunately). One day before the trip, I read the previous reviews that mentioned bedbugs, and was able to get tips on identification and prevention. When we arrived, the staff was very rude after hearing that I knew about their bedbug problem and my concerns with the rooms. After a 30+ minute search of the room (under mattresses, in corners, in drawers, etc), we didn't see any live bedbugs. However, we did find evidence that there had been bedbugs in the recent past. Both beds (and box springs) were enclosed in thick plastic bags (to seal in the bedbugs, which can live 3 years without feeding) and dead carcasses in the back of the desk drawer. My friend talked me into staying, and fortunately neither of us had bites the following 2 mornings or brought bedbugs back home.The hotel isn't in the greatest location, but there are worse. It was pretty noisy, but a fan in the room helped to break up the street noise. The rooms were much smaller than other discount places I have stayed in the past, with barely enough room to walk between the end of the bed and the dirty fridge. I will not stay here again, nor suggest the place to my friends. But in the end, you get what you pay for.	
Jan 11 2009	respectable although in a pretty wild area...	The reality is that one could pay more than twice, or much more, what one pays for such a location. My experience was just fine. There are plenty of unusual characters around, so it's not really a &quot;family playtime&quot; place. It works well if you're just relaxing and hanging out with your people, though. My room was clean, and the location is close to everything.	
Dec 12 2008	Noisy but cheap	I always travel to San Francisco in early December and thought this year I should watch my money. Well, this Travelodge was conveniently located, so thought, even though I had not seen it to give it a try. It was a very small room. The bedspread had many burn holes in it, even though it was a non smoking room. It was noisy, partly due to location. If you like cheap. This is the place. The free continental breakfast was more than I expected though.	
Nov 23 2008 	Since everything was said about bedbugs at that hotel...	We got, too, bedbugs at that place. I concur with other posters, management is not very cooperating into resolving the matter. Getting one incident is concerning for a hotel manager, but as many as mentionned in that forum shows lack of customer service. But i have tools for the (poor) folks that runned into the same trouble: look at Wikipedia as they have good tips into removing the bugs from you luggage. If your from Canada or northern countries: keep your luggages outside for a while (freeze kills the bugs) or do like we did: wash everything in hot water then dry for at least half an hour and you will get it out. Oh and by the way, we are still waiting for reimbursement of our stay as promised from the hotel...I do not count on it... Cheers!	
Oct 19 2008 	awful crackhead dump	If you are a hopeless junkie and like to spend your vacation with Jerry Springer participants then this is the ideal vacation spot for you. All others I strongly recommend STAY AWAY from this place. Ok, its fairly cheap on weekdays about $65, and as far a San Fransisco goes its quite economical, but can be an unbelievable $130 per night for a room at weekends. However, in the room we stayed you would be hesitant to keep farm animals. The bed covers were more cigarette holes than bed cover, the inner sheets also, the windows dont lock so that anyone can reach around and open the door, there's not even headboards so you rest your head against the depressingly yellow walls and the divan cases are zipped up inside a sealed plastic sheet, probably to lock in the swarming bed bugs, yes I said BED BUGS !! which kept us company for the night in both beds. If the sharps box in the bathroom hasn't already given it away, then look out the bathroom window and you are greeted with the majestic sight of a narrow alley littered with junkies needles and equipment. By the way there's no air-con so can be stifling in the tiny cramped rooms in summer. Lastly if that doesnt keep you awake the ancient hot water pipes banging like a salvation army drum everytime one of your neighbours turns on a tap surely will. We were booked in for 2 mights but couldnt risk our lives for a second night and had to check out and go elsewhere. Found a nice ramada on the corner of buchanan and lombard street for $$140. The extra $10 well worth it, roomy, clean, safe, nearer the attractions and you're not sharing it with the local wildlife.	
Oct 12 2008	Surprise - Bed Bugs !!!!!!!!	If you enjoy being bitten all night by bed bugs then stay here! I investigated the bug I found on me at 3am on the internet to discover that BED BUGS were real. I never believed the stories on reviews about them, until I experienced it. I actually saw this strange flat brown bug walking across the table before I went to bed, and never thought more about it, but found out on the net later that this was actually the adult form of the bed bug. The noise at this place is horrible too, and the area feels extremely unsafe, with drug addicts and drunks walking around. Our car did survive the experience in their parking lot (surprisingly). I was third in line to check out, and the third one that was making a complaint. I did receive a full refund.	
Oct 10 2008	Bed bugs	BED BUGS, BED BUGS, BED BUGS. Do not stay here. Waking up with one of these things crawling across my stomach was the worst hotel experience I've ever had. The rusty towel rack, rotting door and nasty carpet aren't even worth mentioning. If you read this and stay there, you're crazy. I stupidly checked this hotel's ratings on another site which didn't mention BED BUGS so I thought it was ok. I should have searched Trip Advisor. Lesson learned.	
Oct 6 2008 	WARNING bedbugs bedbugs bedbugs - stay away	I am a german visitor and i stood (unfortunately) there for only one night. My recommendation to you is... avoid this hotel if possible !!!Make a big circle around this hotel except beeing a fan of bites from bedbugs !!! I have many of them !!!By the way... Things you WON´T find there:- a guarded parking place or even a parking place - a helpful staff- a quiet neighbourhood- a relaxed night- a SAFE districtand so on ...	
Oct 2 2008 	Bed Bugs	We had a bed bug experience as well in this dirty hotel. I agree with all the other comments, particularly about the poor attitude of the front counter staff. My husband took a cup down with some bugs in it to the front counter and asked what they were going to do about it. He said sorry, then when pressed said he could not do anything except a $50 discount. My husband told him that was not good enough he wanted a full refund, the staff member stood his ground. My husband then showed the other people in the waiting area the bugs, and loudly explained to the group our experience. Of course he then agreed to give us a full discount as we had asked. Just disgusting all round.	
Sep 25 2008	INFESTED WITH BED BUGS! do not stay here	This hotel is the most disgusting place I've ever stayed at. It's infested with bed bugs. We had to go to the emergency room becasue the bites were so horrible. over 60 bites over my body, and the scars that are going to be left behind. Oh and these bugs do travel back home with you, so be prepared to deal with that nonsense after you think you got away from it. The management is unprofessional, rude and unethical. I cant believe they charge what they charge for this fle bag hotel. Lets not forget to mention the box in the bathroom for used needels. DO NOT STAY HERE I dont understand how they are still in business.	
Aug 31 2008 	bedbugs/Bettwanzen	Thats what we sent to travelodge:our stay in the travelodge was the most disgusting experience we´ve ever had in a motel: We had lots of bedbugs in our bed, bothering us and biting us the whole night long. As we were not able to move the room, because the motel was fully booked, we built up our tent in the room to get at leaast some hours of sleep. But nevertheless the bedbugs came in and sucked our blood (we have nice pictures of at least 20 killed bedbugs, obviously full of MY blood).After explaining the roomsituation, we didn´t pay anything for it. This compensation is noting in comparison to our pain in that horrible night. We´ll never stay again in an travelodge motel and won´t recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 14 2008	BED BUGS!!!	We were trying to get out of San Francisco for the second time, when we saw the hotel. To our relief there was a room available. I went online to see what the review for the hotel was cause the place at a second look seemed run down. We had a roof rack on the car and I didn't like the look of the neighborhood. It was late at night and we had our 15 month old child with us, so driving didn't seem much of an option, at 11 at night. I went online to see the big red flag of bed bugs! We looked through the sheets, under the mattress even though we both hadn't seen a bed bug before, we thankfully didn't see any bugs at all. We got ready for bed and there it was a bug crawling up the wall. I immediately googled it after my husband killed it, and it was a bed bug! My husband went directly to management to say we were leaving and the clerk said he would deduct 19 dollars off our stay if we stayed in the room. No Thank You! How can a hotel that knows that it has bed bugs keep open? Shouldn't it be shut down? We shook out all of our belongings cause if a bed bug gets into your home, your home is infested as well. Bed bugs are hard to get rid of. Someone I know had to burn all of his furniture when they got infested.	
Aug 2 2008 	Bed Bugs	Warning Bed Bugs!The Travelodge is located in a pretty convenient location to Castro St. and not far from Union Square. It seems to be sold out each night and nice cars are always parked in the parking lot. Do not let be fooled by any out word appearances this hotel is not safe!!! If you can get over the fact that each room has a needle or syringe dispenser located in the bathroom, the maids carry containers of used needles on there cleaning carts, the carpet is dirty, and the inside of the room is quiet ugly this might be the perfect hotel for you. Did I mention my girl friend got bed bugs from staying here? Yes, actual bed bugs. If you would like to have hundreds of bed bugs bite you in the middle of the night then this is your hotel!! My poor girl friend has over 50 painful and itchy bites all over her body. The hotel charged her for the week she stayed there on business so please beware!	
Jul 31 2008 	Needs TLC	We had been touring San Fransico and surrounding areas for 3 weeks. We had stayed in another Travel Lodge a few miles away and it was great.So we thought we would be safe by booking another one.When we arrived there were 2 receptionists on the desk, neither aknolged us until we had been stood there a few minutes.The room was in a dark and scary corner of the hotel. The bathroom was OK. The beds were comfortable enough. However the decor was in major need of upgrading. There was peeling paper and plater from the walls. There was alot of dust on the very wron out alomost thread bare carpet.Each time we used the shower which in itself was a task, it sounded as though a train was passing next to the room. All night we heard the plumbing from other rooms, as well as sirens, and other very loud guests.	
Jul 20 2008 	Bad choise	We have just return from our 3 weeks in US. The last stop were at Travelodge Central, SFO.We tried 14 different hotels on our trip, and this last stop was by fare the most expensive, and the worst experience - even Motel6 in Barstow is better than this one.Our complaints are: small and dirty rooms, very noisy from street and other rooms, noise from others taking a bath, interior is damaged, neigborhood is rough, breakfast was only coffee, sweet cereal, Sara Lee cakes.We paid 740 usd for 3 nights - one room with 2 beds. Expedia had Hilton for 1.000 USD - damn! that was a wrong choise!	
Apr 1 2008 	The price is alright	I stayed at the Travelodge for 3 nights during spring break with my boyfriend, and his siblings. We were all on a budget but we still wanted to stay close to downtown. The hotel itself was fine, it was pretty clean, and it was close to the BART (Bay area rapid transit) which we used often. The walk to Union Square was lenghty but manageable however it is through a rougher neighborhood. We instead often opted for the bus or subway which ran almost every other minute. It was also close to the Haight area which was great for dining. The biggest problems we had with the hotel were:the water heater sounded like a jackhammer everytime the water was used, the continental breakfast was orange juice, coffee, and pre-packaged sara lee style sticky buns, lastly, some of us ended up having bug bites on our arms and such, but we have no way of telling what it was from. For a budget hotel, this is what we expected, but it does not exeed any expectations.	
Mar 31 2008 	Bed Bugs!!!!	I have stayed at this hotel on several occasions with mixed feelings. it is very affordable and in a very good location. But my last stay there was by far the worst experience i have had at a hotel so I will never be staying there again.The first red flag is that there are signs posted all over the grounds that say that there are toxic chemicals on the premises that cause cancer and birth defects. when i inquired about it at the front desk i was told that it is California state law to put up the signs because they use chemical cleaners and that all hotels in CA including the hilton would have the same signs. All I know is that i have never seen a sign like that in any hotel I have stayed at. Then, in our &quot;non-smoking&quot; room there were burn holes in all of the furniture and blankets.In the morning, we had was a noise issue. We had had a very late night and were counting on sleeping in. We were woken up at 9am to a loud machine type of noise right outside our room. At first we thought it might be construction or something else beyond the control of the hotel. We then realized that the noise was the result of the hotel staff power-wash bleaching the exterior corridors of the hotel. we complained to the front desk and they told us that there were no power-washers. since we could see, hear and smell the power-washing, that was pretty bizarre thing to say. nothing was done about the power washing and it went on for over an hour and a half. at that point my friend went down and complained in person and was granted a $20 refund and no apology what-so-ever.Problem #2: bed bugs:2 hours later when we were trying to get some work done in the room something suddenly caught my eye. it was a bug. a bed bug. in my bed. We went on to find 2 more and were completely disgusted. When the bugs were squashed they left little blood stains on the white sheets - apparently because they had bitten us. It was repulsive. We immediately complained to the front desk who demonstrated absolutely no level of shock or apology. i stress here, absolutely NO APOLOGY or explanation. In fact, when we said that we wanted to check out immediately and he said &quot;fine, check out&quot;. I wanted a full refund on account of the infested guest room and i was told that no further discount could be offered since we had already received a $20 discount for the noise. I called travelodge customer service and was told that there was nothing that they could do. They said i had to talk to the hotel manager. The hotel manager was the horribly unpleasant character who had been working the front desk all morning. I later received a letter from customer service simply stating the exact same thing: that there was nothing that they could do. How about sending an inspector over to assess the extent of the infestation? Isn't this a serious health code violation?I have stayed at many travelodge locations in the past. And, I can't stress enough how unacceptable this experience was. I am very disappointed in Travelodge for providing this kind establishment.	
Mar 22 2008 	Good Location 	I've stayed here twice and this second time the property was in much poorer condition. The heating did not work, so a portable heater was brought to the room. The TV reception was horrible (fuzzy). The bathtub had just been replaced, but the sink area in the bath is in dismal condition (as is the wall). The room smelled of cigarette smoke and cleaners. The carpet needs a good shampoo. I was awoken several times during the night by people arriving and banging their way up the stairs. Early morning traffic from the nearby freeway exit was also annoying. The location of the motel is good (lots of fun restaurants and bars to walk to) and the free parking with easy freeway access is a big bonus. At under $70 a night this was a cheap place to stay in a great city. But any price above that range is not acceptable for the hotel's sad condition -- even if you don't plan to spend much time in your room. Note: the &quot;continental breakfast&quot; is bad coffee, orange juice and cheap cellophane wrapped danish.	
Mar 13 2008 	What you pay is what you get	I stayed here once again this year, this has been my fourth time to stay at the travelodge central. Its location is good, with parking, which is a huge advantage. The location can be a bit scary, but I have never had a problem.The rooms are a bit dated, particularly the bathroom, and I had to spend some time playing with the taps the first day to work out the shower. The only drawback, dont try and find a plug point in the room, there are so many things already plugged in that you are risking it to find something else. Otherwise, a good location to stay at	
Mar 2 2008 	reasonable price great location for public transport avg older hotel	This is an average lower price hotel (2 dbl paid $65/n average). Parking is extra ($10/n). I've stayed here several times over the years. Physically the place is an older hotel that has been remodeled couple years ago to meet corporate standards. Somewhat worn. Marble tile bathroom. Doors lock securely. Check window locks. Like most in the area hotel only has heat and fan, no AC.Mgmt is lax about service and you must ask for bag check or iron. Check your room at check in and ask for another if something is wrong. Room cleaning service was honest and efficient. Most guests are tourists there for the price. Some of the guests are crashing 20 somethings or flopping lower class.Access to public transport is great and right in the middle of many areas. Right off market so Muni/Bart is easy to get to for uptown/city excursion, mission/castro(walk to grocery store, window shopping/eateries on market, castro), soma (walk to car rental, costco, folsom area). Coin laundry is across the street.San Francisco has a homeless issue and your best bet is to ignore them or say no thank you.	
Feb 25 2008 	Good place gone bad	Stayed here many times before and obviously enjoyed it. It was a nice family run place, centrally located and it was and still is clean. Everything else on this last 3 night trip was a disappointment. First I had reserved two rooms with king size beds, but ended up with two rooms with two double beds. Not a big deal, but the bottom sheets were not fitted, had holes in them, and under was a plastic cover great if you are incontinent. The small bottom flat sheets would invariably slip off, and we were left with our bare skin glued to the the plastic cover. Pictures of the plastic cover, and a sheet with a burned holer are attached. The popcorn ceiling had a nice crack (picture attached). There seemed to be air in the plumbing pipes, so every morning as soon as some guest turned on the water it seemed that a jackhammer drill was outside the room. There were only towels for one person and the next day the maid took those, without replacement. We had to complain at the office to get more towels. The main problem was parking. The place makes no record of who comes and goes as far as cars. Typically motels request the make/model and licence plate, and enforce the parking, but here everybody was parking in the lot, while the hotel was charging $10 per night plus $1.40 tax. Two of the three nights we found no regular spaces available. The staff told us to park in the handicapped, which is illegal by California law. I went to the front desk to complain after I counted at least 6 cars in the lot without parking permit stickers. The front desk guy told me that enforcement was his problem, not mine. Despite having to park on the street, the next day I was refused a refund for the parking that I was not provided. Of course my credit card will take care of that. Everything said by others about the rude people at the front desk is true. As far as the parking, just take a look at the first picture posted. On the upper left is the office. Note the silver car on the upper left is right outside the office in a nonexistent space. Moving towards the right, there are cars in the handicapped spaces, then on the far right you see a car parked in a No Parking zone. Another picture also shows another car parked in another No Parking zone where a sign shows that management is not responsible for damage. I contacted Travelodge customer service and have gotten no response.	
Jan 30 2008 	Average Hotel That Suits Budget Travelers	I am a travel agent and I usually look for good location hotels with less them average prices for my stays. The Travelodge at Market st is a regular travelodge - 2 star in its category. It has an average clean bedroom (not large berdroom). The room has cable tv, phone, fan, coffemaker. The room has also a desk.Room serves its purpose. We stayed 4 nights. The last night were a bit noisy as some teenagers were talking loud at the middle of the night at the parking lot and at the corridors while they were parking and gettinginto their rooms.Breakfast is just some juice, coffe and donuts like stuff.	
Jan 17 2008 	Been there for second time	Going for Halloween in San Francisco again. Flew in from Copenhagen and landed fairly late once again, and once again, the front desk was helpful and had us checked in in no time.Again, same room type, travelled with a friend, and his room was just like ours. Nice and clean. Still no security issues, and we walked to and from the hotel at all hours of the day. Lots of traffic noise, but actually not that bad in the room.The room was cleaned every day, and for the money we paid, we could not ask for more.Will be going there for the third time in March 2008.	
Nov 30 2007 	Place works for me	I stay here frequently – about 12 nights each year – share none of the complaints. I’ve read complaints about the hotel and about the neighborhood.With respect to the hotel, it is very affordable by SF standards, be reasonable, of course it is not luxurious, nor even spiffy and prim by middle-class American standards. Having said such, I can not share some of the complaints.I like the motel design when bargain hunting in a big city because obviously the place can’t be much of a fire trap – you could always jump over the rail in front of your room. Hopefully that’s an unnecessary worry. The sheets are always clean as is the bathroom and the rooms are vacuumed, etc. Be prepared, it is not fancy and some things may or may not be a bit worn. With respect to the neighborhood, some nice people make a mistake staying in this area. This is the rough and tumble inner city. Homeless people sleep on sidewalks near this corner. There will be no shortage of drunks wandering hither and yon – ditto, no doubt, drug users and probably prostitutes – who knows. No one ever bothers me if I don’t bother them. I wander in, at very late hours, by myself and have never experienced anything frightening.There are great places to eat close by. There are fascinating neighborhoods in easy walking distance, if you are healthy, and splendid public transportation. I consider it a vibrant, exciting, and colorful area. Other people might object to city noise and odd behavior. If you think you are one of those people, you’ll want to know what you are getting in to.	
Oct 4 2007 	It's got it's ups and downs	I went to San Francisco to visit downtown and the Castro District. This location is right in between-PERFECT. That's pretty much the only thing I was happy about.First off, the hotel overcharged me through a &quot;temporary authorization&quot; on my credit card. In fact, they overcharged me by about $300. This put my credit line into jeopardy for the two days that the authorization stayed in place. I don't think this was necessary.Secondly, the rooms were ultra small, I can't even begin to describe it. The bed was a king size and there were (literally) only inches of walking space between the bed and the TV/drawers. Hotel room was able to fit a chair on th side of the bed, and a very small desk, making it even more cramped. My air conditioner/heater looked like it was built in the 50s and did not work. I'm glad it wasn't too hot or too cold! The walls hadn't been painted in awhile and there were a lot of chips.The bed was not unbearable, but comfort is not the word I would use to describe the hard mattress. Management seemed very quick and unfriendly. This was definitely a noisy hotel, walls were ultra thin and management could be heard yelling at some of the guests during the night. Bottom line, I never called into question my safety at this hotel--and the location was beyond superb for what I was doing in the city. However, this hotel is way too expensive for the extremely low amount of service you receive.	
Sep 12 2007 	You get what you pay for .........	The hotel might be cheap but you get what you pay for. The only good thing about the rooms is that the sheets were clean. The room is in need of refurbishing. Electric points and wires hang out of the walls. The bathroom was horrible. It is at the end of town where a huge amount of homeless and beggers hang out. We were constantly harrassed for money and did not feel save walking at night there. The worst experiece of all - a smell from the bathroom kept getting worse during the 3 nights we were there upon investigation we discovered the lid of the toilet system was being held open by something. We removed the lid to find a towel in the system. this would have been stopping a lot of water from flushing the toilet. We removed the towel to find it full of USED needles!!!!!!. It was extremely tramatic. The cleaners should have discovered this days before. Why anyone would stuff this into the toilet is anyones guess. The rest entire experience at this hotel was not good. You get what you pay for in the US. LR.	
Sep 11 2007 	Great value and location.	This place is a great value for the money. You can't be the location. The front desk staff leaves a little to be desired, but housekeeping is pretty good. The rooms are fine, clean and free of bugs. Location can be a little noisy on weekends, but the price is right when traveling on a budget.	
Sep 6 2007	Don't use their website unless you want to get ripped off	I used this hotel's direct website to make my reservation and was ripped off! When I made my reservation on or about 6/15/07 the reservation was recorded for that day and not the date of my stay a month later. I showed up at the hotel in July and was not in their system. Fortunately I had my receipt that showed the correct date of my stay, which I showed them and they made a copy of, and they found me a room at the agreed upon rate. However, in the end I was billed twice - for a no show in June and for my actual stay in July. My efforts to address this with hotel management first met with promisesto resolve the matter, which then turned to delay and stonewalling.I stayed here because it was cheap, and the place is trashy enough to merit the low price- and in the end I may end paying much more formy stay than I was supposed to.	
Aug 1 2007	Beware of this hotel	staying at this hotel might incur a fraud to our credit card.......I stayed there for 5 days.........the first thing I found is that there is no TV...i got it after 3 days......the guy at front desk was rude and terrible to deal with............they also scammed with the parking charge.........while checking out they gave me a bill that shows parking charge for two days (which is what i parked for)......then after 3-4 days i found another day of parking charge billed to my credit card..............when i called i againg got very rude response and the guy at front desk said i it might be a computer error....and they will reinburse it.............to make things sure i called my credit card company and to my surprise i was informed there is another charge of $70 to my card........i have no idea what it is.......i called the front desk again ang the guy there just simply hanged up the phone.......hearing my voice.......i am waiting to contact travelodge customer service..........and lodge complain.....	
Jul 20 2007 	made a reservation called canceled it thenext day got charged n e way	i called made a reservation for july 6th called the next day for a room comp # was told they couldnt find it on their computer.i said if u do find it cancel it i do not want it! booked at the motel 6 embarcodaro oakland.witch was awsome im glad they couldnt find it at travelodge.because motel 6 embarcodaro oakland was great right at the marina woke up to a beautiful marina salt air and mild cool 67 degree temps. as far as travelodge went i still was charged for the room even though i canceled . and the manager Rodger was very rude and said i didnt cancel when i had, i am disputing the charges right now and it doesnt appear ill get recompistated for my losses.i wouldnt recomend anyone staying there .i had stayed at this travelodge 4 times before this and the rooms were dirty homeless people hang out on the street right in front of motel. eventhough you dont have them comeing to your door you and your children do have to wlk off the parking lot right past them.very scary and they opl\enly smoke crack pipes and agreesivly ask for money and become very verbally agressive when denied. do not stay here ROBSTARLING@YAHOO.COM	
Apr 29 2007 	Good value good location	Hotel is typical motor inn/lodge style, with rooms right off the carpark. Appears a little open to the elements at first glance, I was expecting homeless people at my door, but this didnt happen. The guy on the front desk is clearly in the wrong industry, his customer service skills are few and far between Dont expect any flexibility with check in, he wont let you in the room before 2pm, and am sure would charge you if you checked out after 11am. Unfortunatly, I believe he is the manager!Room is comfortable, well maintained and has plenty of cable channels to choose from, and maid service is efficient. 3 blocks to the Castro makes location perfect. The downside of this, if you go three blocks the other way, you hit the Tenderloin, which even on busy Market Street, is downright scary. Problem is if you want to walk to Union Sq, its right through the Tenderloin, whilst do-able by day, is suicidal by nite.	
Apr 23 2007	Price appropriate good location clean enough recommended	We live in San Francisco and this is our go-to place for friends when they need a couple of nights. The rate is amazing for the location and quality of room and space. Just checked out this morning for our friend from Hong Kong, $44/night ($50 total-tax!) for a Sat and Sun night stay. During busy weekends they are about $186/night, and that's TOO much. If you can get a $80/night and under rate, go for it. $10/night for parking and free wi-fi. Ask for a room on second level and only accept rooms that are facing Valencia Street. Don't bother with their breakfast, just walk around the corner to a DeLessio Markey for wonderful baked good and hot food. This is a wonderful motel to just crash and sleep. We have never had any threat issues (in room or parking lot) but remember you are not in Kansas. It's still a big city and you are staying in a 2 star motel, be prepared to roll with the punches. For our wedding in 2005, we offered Travelodge as the inexpensive choice for guests, the other 2 being Mark Hopkins and Holiday Inn. Guests who stayed here at the $45/night rate gave glowing reviews.	
Apr 12 2007 	good price	The price is good ,compared to more &quot;on the spot&quot;! hotels.The facility itself is ,clean (no odors), the bathrooms are acceptable, plenty of towels, soaps,shampoo, that sort of thing. comparable to a road side motel! the location (for sight seeing is , Good! )The beds are comfortable! it was, O.K!	
Feb 22 2007 	Great price for a downtown two star motel	Quite possibly the cheapest price for a motel room in a major city in the downtown area. Clean room with quite new bathroom fixtures. Average friendly staff. And yes, it's on busy Market street which means a bit of traffic at night. Have stayed here before and would consider it again.	
Feb 5 2007 	Mixed Review	I stayed at the hotel for about 4 days. Check in was okay. The hotel staff members are not very friendly and there are some language barriers with some of the front desk staff. The parking lot is of course pay per day use. Around $10. Add this to the nightly rate and you could almost afford some better accommodations elsewhere. The hotel is a decent area but the parking lot is not very secure and even though you pay for parking there are not always spaces available. The parking lot has several people loitering in the area throughout the night. There is a lot of noise that can be heard while in the rooms. I believe that the rooms are being remodeled or repainted because there was a very strong smell of paint. The free continental breakfast is a packaged danish, coffee and orange juice available for about 3 hours. The rooms are clean. If you're staying for a couple of nights or just need a place to sleep then this is a good choice. Hot water and water pressure was a bit of a problem.	
Jan 26 2007 	Worst staff and noises	First of all the rooms are paper thin and small. You can hear your neighbor talking or the tv on. They called me 2 times at 8:30 a.m. while I'm sleeping to have me move my car so they could park a van in the spot near the elevator. then after I fell back asleep finally the maintanace people started hammering and drilling and the front desk people said they couldn't do anything about it. I told them I would have to look for a new motel and they said ok, not trying to work something out so that I could actually sleep.This place is the worst stay I've ever had, loud noisy environment, paper walls and unfriendly staff. Definitely do not stay! KEEP AWAY!!!	
Dec 23 2006 	Great Location	After walking from the BART station at 16th &amp; Mission I was a little concerned but the area seemed to improve as I neared the hotel.Upon arrival I checked in without a problem, located my room and found it to be quite nice and reasonable considering the apparent age of the building. Since I would be sharing the room with a friend I had requested a smoking room and even so it was still nice, clean and not full of the usual smoker signs.This hotel location proved great for my visits to the Castro neighborhood as well as downtown San Francisco and is located on the Muni F line which features refurbished street cars from the US and abroad. It was very easy to get around the city and outline suburbs.There were only a few room issues that were taken care of quickly, a bad cable for the t.v. and how to turn the shower on-an un-usual way to turn it on that I'd not seen before. However with a quick call I was helped. On the last two days the ice machine had gone out so that was a slight annoyance. Customer service was good and the maids were on top of it, however my main concern partly my own fault was that I had a late night flight and had the issue of luggage/boxes and security. I had requested the room until 5pm for my airport trip, since I had not thought about it and included it in the original trip plan the hotel assisted with my need but for full price. Live and learn, if leaving late and need the room to hold stuff, rest book it with the original booking to avoid getting hit a big one day bill.	
Dec 3 2006	a great place to shower and rest!	If you are looking for a place to just kick back and have room service this is not the hotel for you. if you are looking for a hotel that is somewhere just to sleep and shower then it is the place for you. the only problems we had were that we called ahead and booked a reservation two days in advance and someone personally went there to talk to them on the day we were to arrive i called to check and make sure my reservation was confirmed. the guy on duty told me there was no such reservation made. We got it straighnted out and things were better from there on. Also the heater when it turn out made a loud clanking sound. other then those two problems everything went well.	
Nov 7 2006	dump with a capital D	First trip to San Francisco, great city too bad about the accom. Rooms were not ready when we arrived at 4pm given other rooms , dirty broken window in bathroom and we were on the ground floor , had to stuff a towel in the window to have some privicy. If we had known our way around the city would have moved . Time this place was taken off the list.	
Sep 19 2006 	Adequate motel poor location	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights (September '06) based on a suggestion on another website.Firstly, I should say that I did not experience the horror stories of some people listed here. The room was a reasonable size and clean with everything working. However, I personally wouldn't stay here again.Amenities provided included a small coffee maker (with 1 sachet of filter coffee on days 1 and 3, sachets of sugar and 1 sachet of creamer) but only disposable cups and stirrers, a television (with 60 something channels), gas space heater and wall mounted fan, alarm clock, telephone, clothes hangers &amp; drawers and in the bathroom soap and shampoo, towels etc. No bar fridge (which is a problem because I like to buy provisions like milk and fruit).Due to a delayed flight, I checked in late (11.30pm) at the 'night window'. I was not told that a breakfast was provided, and there was no in-room amenities guide, so didn't get to try it. The staff were surly, but were able to help with basic requests (phone book, bag storage etc)The room was a little noisy at times - there was some machinery in room next to mine that sounded like it might be the hotel laundry. Speaking of which, it was a little annoying that the rooms were serviced quite late in the day which meant that if you wanted to come back for an afternoon snooze at 3pm you would find the place still un-made.Now for the really bad point: the location. The hotel is located slap bang in the middle of the most downmarket part of S.F. This part of Market Street is home to boarded up shops, XXX cinemas and a large population of homeless and beggars who can at times get quite agressive. If you do stay here, it is OK to walk *away* from the downtown (towards The Castro) but avoid walking towards the city centre.	
Sep 7 2006	Myth Dispelled	With regard to the San Francisco Central Hotel… a myth needs to be dispelled. This place is not a four or five start property, but it offers a lot for its rates. My room was nice, clean and considerably spacious. Ask for a newly renovated room and see what the staff can do for you. Speaking of which, the service was another positive. Checking in and out was quick, the maids cleaned the rooms efficiently, and the attendants at the front desk were helpful in pointing out places to visit and modes of public transportation to take to get there. The high speed wireless internet was also a plus as was the fairly cheap parking fee. As for the surrounding area, San Francisco is a major city and no city is perfect. In all honesty, walking on Market Street was fine. If you prefer not to walk, then take a taxi or the trolley right out in front. This is a good place to stay at reasonable rates in an expensive San Francisco setting.	
Sep 6 2006	Impressed	To get the full San Francisco experience, you must visit the Castro at least once. After staying in nice areas like Nob Hill, Russian Hill and Pacific Heights on previous trips to the City, I decided to try something a little different. The San Francisco Central Travelodge sat right on the boarder of Castro so it seemed like the ideal location. The nightlife in the Castro can get crazy so it was nice to have a hotel so close by. The hotel itself met all my needs. Close proximity to a lively area, yet only a trolley ride away to Union square. The rooms were clean and the cheap parking was a plus. If you want to visit the Castro, then stay at the SF Central Travelodge.	
Aug 18 2006 	Awful!	Unfortunately hadn't read any of the reviews before I booked this hotel. We had regularly stayed in Travelodges in the US and had no problems. We had just come from 14 nights in a Travelodge in LA with no problems.It was a disaster from the minute we arrived! We were accosted by a homless man in the carpark who threatened to punch my partner if he didn't give him money. The kids and my mother were terrified and we hadn't even checked in yet! The man on reception was rude and unhelpful and as we got back to the car (with the kids securely locked inside), a fellow guest came and warned us about staying there. We got into the rooms ( we had 2) and they were both tiny, had sloping floors, dirty carpets and nowhere to hang our clothes. We immediately spent 2 hours on the phone finding somewhere else to sleep. Finally found somewhere else (another Travelodge, which was wonderful) but it still meant spending 1 night there. We were kept awake by screaming, loud music and varying other 'night time' noises. When we checked out in the morning and complained to reception, the man there said they had called the police to stop the noise and it wouldn't happen again. Needless to say we didn't have any faith in that assurance, and we would have been correct as other reviews have said that this type of noise is common place. It's cheap for SF but not at the expense of safety. Not for families and not for people of a nervous disposition!	
Jul 22 2006	Would not stay here again!	We stayed in this hotel in June 2006. Room was clean, however, there was a constant water hammer in the pipes throughout the night. Walls were thin and we could here the 3-4 young girls who had room next door. Hotel situated in area of SF that homeless, undersireables were constantly located. Not convinient to great variety of food places in which to choose. Rubbish bins not emptied every day.Laundrette and corner store opposite hotel was good, as was location to catch trolley to fisherman's wharf.When booking on-line, no information given of $10 fee for car-park space until book in.Would not recommend to families with young children.	
Jul 6 2006	Couldn't have been happier.	I feel obligated to stick up for this hotel. We made our reservations well in advance and were able to get a fantastic rate of $49/night, plus $11 per night for parking. A friend had suggested this place but I was REALLY nervous after reading all the reviews. We stayed in three different rooms in a 12 day period, the last stay being for four nights, and had no problem whatsoever with ANY of them. Each was VERY clean and exactly what we'd asked for. The place was kept up well, we saw housekeeping actually mopping the concrete outside our rooms. We did observe the front desk staff being rather rude to guests on several occasions, rude to the point that it was almost comical, but we were somehow spared this. Then again, we weren't particularly demanding. For those who say that this isn't centrally located I suggest that San Francisco is a BIG city. Obviously these people wanted to see things that we weren't particularly interested in. For a couple wanting to stay out late in the Mission, Castro, or Lower Haight this was a phenomenally good location. Maybe a big family who wants to chill at Fisherman's Wharf would be put off by the smallish rooms and the distance from all that touristy stuff, though the F streetcar runs all the way there from just outside the hotel.Really, I'd give it a try. I'll definitely stay there again.	
May 14 2006	Dont Think About Staying Here For Any Price!!!!!	Please ignore those reviews stating this hotel is ok! Dont get me wrong its not like im fussy and i can sleep anywhere as im in the army!! The hotel as stated is on the edge of town which due to its liberal lovey dovey nature and p.c. running is full of alcoholic/drug addict etc people every where and they dont get moved on.The room was clean to first appearance but had a soaked carpet that never dried.The bathroom window was held on very loose and would have fallen if opened.This wasn't noticed until the morning when my girlfriend picked up some now soaking wet clothes!The first night some of the local 'homies' decided to have a mini rave on the car park outside the window.This went on for 3-4 hours.Not once were they moved on.Then the spanish girls next door came back and every word came as though spoken from in the room.There was some sort of vent direct into their room!! As others have said any noise outside was so clear.The door had a gap all around it and windows very thin etc.The staff seemed very difficult to speak to and found English very difficult.Not friendly at all and arogant.The hotel is close to links as others have said but worth spending a little bit more to get a better place in my opinion.	
Apr 26 2006	Considering price it's ok	I was braced for the worst after reading the reviews here and was pleasantly surprised. The checkin and checkout was fast, courteous and accurate. I booked way in advance and had a room for $59 a night. I did get one of the larger, recently remodeled corner rooms with fridge and microwave. Room 327. Considering I probably had the cheapest room in San Fran on a friday and saturday night, I was expecting the worst. I found two clean newer queen beds in the room. Carpet was clean. Bathroom was clean, especially the tub and toilet. The wall around the window leaks during heaving rain and has water stain marks and crumbling plaster. The main rooms looks like it has some ceiling water damage at one time, but didn't leak. This place is old, old, old. Old aluminum windows, no air conditioning -- but you don't really need it. Room had fan attached to wall. TV was newer 25&quot; with remote that worked. I came to SF as a tourist and was only in my room to sleep and for a couple of afternoon breaks. It definately served the purpose. I didn't use the coffee maker or eat of the &quot;free&quot; breakfast in the morning. Everything you could tell was on the cheap. I didn't mind. I and 2 friends stayed here for 3 nights and the total room cost was like $207 with tax!!! The bus and trolley pick up right out front and it takes about 30 minutes to get to fishermans wharf. It was a little scary during the day, the hotel is right on the edge of the bad part and you have to walk through the bad part to get to the tourist areas, so the trolley works well here. I wouldn't walk out alone at night in the bad part. It's just a lot of homeless vagrants and dirty/trash porn shops going towards the tourist areas. Took a taxi for $6 from the union square at night once after dodging a big fight at the local hamburger joint.	
Feb 1 2006	love it	We stay at the motel for the weekend, the room was really clean and nice. i like the yellow walls..it feels very warm...the location of the motel is great..becase it is on market street where all the shopping places are.. ..and the price for the motel is really cheap $49 per night..highly recommended	
Jan 14 2006	Stinkydirtyrude staffrip off priceugly customersbad neighborhood	I've lived in San Francisco and it's good to be back to visit friends sometimes.My parents we're already in town and they've booked at this hotel for me too.Geez...what a bad place.I really do not have words to describe it,just read my title.Other customer looked like a bunch of drug addicts.The rooms close to mine had 4 noisy girls,with the radio on at full voume.One night I'freaked out and smashed the wall with a chair,screaming like a psycho just to have them shut the %&amp;$ up.I could be heard all over the place.About the name &quot;central&quot;,this hotel is everything but central,face it.The area around the hotel is of typical &quot;ooh,look how trendy,how wannabe gay,wannabe yoga masters we are&quot; San FranciscanUpon check out I was charged 79.00 dollars...For 80.00 bucks you can stay at much better and central places in San Francisco.	
Nov 27 2005	Can't beat for the price	This hotel has received some very bad reviews by some very angry customers, so I'm providing a little counterpoint based on my recent stay.For one, at $50-ish per night plus $10/day parking, there is no better deal near central San Francisco. This is located right between the Mission, Castro, and Hayes Valley, which is a great location for restaurants and clubs and a decent location for shopping and general sight-seeing. &quot;Normal&quot; rooms go for 3x this price in SF.For two, being located so centrally in a major city means it will be noisy. The Travelodge's thin walls and floors don't help this, and it is located on Market St., which is a major artery through SF. Try a more expensive hotel on a less busy street for less noise. I would not recommend this place for early risers.For three, the Indian owner-managers are nice people, but they are also proud business owners as most Indians are. For us, they were particularly accommodating, friendly, and helpful. I suspect that several of these reviewers went astray by being threatening or impertinent--American tourists earn that reputation every day.And four, the two rooms we stayed in were clean, decent, American-style motel rooms. They had not been remodelled very recently, so it's not like we got the &quot;special&quot; rooms that are especially nicer than the others. If you want to wedge yourself into a European-style closet, there are other options.In short, this is a decent, clean, very inexpensive motel. If you set your expectations at the proper level, you should also not be disappointed.	
Sep 25 2005	clean but that is the best I can say	When you are staying in San Francisco for under $100 over Labor Day weekend, you can't expect much and we didn't get much. The hotel was clean and cheap, but it was incredibly noisy through out the night. I could hear any conversations in the next room - not just the noise of talking, but the actual words. The walls were chipped in the bathroom but it was clean. The continental breakfast consisted of some orange juice and bad pre-packaged pastries. They did let us check in early.	
Sep 7 2005	Smelly room rude staff location was it's only saving grace	First of all let me just say that I knew the place wouldn't be a palace, I mean it's a centrally located, budget hotel, which is exactly what we were looking for. But even on a budget, you don't expect to have to sacrifice the basics; a clean room &amp; polite staff, who have at least a minimal grasp of the english lanquage. This is where the problems began. The room smelled like urine, EXTREMELY foul. Don't get me wrong, there was a maid who came everyday, made up the bed, vacuumed and even sprayed some sort of deororizer, in a failed attempt to rid the room of that smell. What she ended up doing was turning the urine smell into something far more sickening.Believe it or not, this was the second room they had given us, the first one was the ONLY one that didn't have an electric key, but a door'knob that was practically hanging off. I had to go back down to check-in and request a different room, which they didn't want to give.. but I insisted. When we first arrived at check-in, there appeared to be an argument taking place between a dissatisfied guest and the front desk staff. Apparently they had charged her credit card without her knowledge, and though she was standing there with proof, the desk person was vehemently denying that it had been done, he was down right rude in his response. At some point the guest followed us outside and warned us not to stay at that hotel, unfortunately we DIDN'T listen.The only upside to the place was its location. We went out walking alot and sometimes we weren't back until late in the evening. It's close to everything which made it easy to get around. The Castro is less than a ten minute walk.Do yourself a favor.. take a walk down Mission Street, toward Castro, and you will see one or two more reasonably priced lodges, MUCH nicer than this one. I wish we had done that before committing to this dump.	
Aug 23 2005	Not Special Not Bad	I spent three nights at the Travelodge Central during a recent visit. I had a large room with two queen-sized beds, a functional bathroom, microwave and mini-frig, and a sofa. It was plenty of space and everything was reasonably clean and in good working order. I was able to park for $10/day (plus tax) and walked or used public transportation the whole time I was in SF. By the way, $11.40 per day to park in SF is a very good price! The hotel is about a mile from the Castro District and it is walkable in spite of the hills. If you think about walking toward downtown, well, don't -- this stretch of Market Street is full of homeless people and rundown businesses and is generally a downer. You can walk up to Van Ness Street to catch the Muni or BART and the street trolley stops near the hotel which is an easy way to get downtown or to the Castro. The only problems that I experienced were noise related. The plumbing is noisy, the heat sounds like a bug zapper when it comes on (but then is silent), and the windows are rather flimsy so you can hear plenty of traffic noise. I always travel with earplugs so none of this was particularly bothersome for me. Overall, the Travelodge Central suited my needs very well.	
Aug 17 2005	Awesomely bad	I stayed 1 night out of the planned 4 nights at this dump, then checked out because I thought I was going to have a coronary from anger at the owner/ manager who operates this hell-hole. According to the guy who owns a shop next door to the Travelodge, the turkey who owns this sh**-box used to own and manage a transient hotel down the street. This should give you an idea of the way they treat their unsuspecting guests. .The owner tried to rip me off when I checked out. He tried to charge me $40 more for the room than I was quoted on the phone. He also tried to charge me $10 for parking even though I was not driving a car. When I caught him he just sneered at me, never apologized, and acted like I had been the one who was trying to be a cheat..The carpets were so filthy that my white socks looked like I had washed them with mud. People shouted and argued in the parking lot at all hours of the night. Housekeepers knocked on the door at 8 in the morning even though I had a ‘do not disturb’ sign on the door. .The only nice thing I can say is that the motel is close to public transport and decent restaurants. Otherwise, if you’re thinking of staying at this place, I would recommend that you sleep on the street instead.	
Aug 10 2005	Bad place to stay	I won't stay at this place again, the room is very small, the double bed they said is just a full size bed, for sure can't accomodate 2 persons, always having toilet smell in room, the paint is cracking apart both on walls and ceiling, no AC in room, the bed is inconfortable, making noise all night long. It's very noisy at night since it located at a busy intersection, I can't sleep until 2am...terrible experience...very early in the morning, people checking out early, yelling, talking, so waking up everybody. Free continental breakfast, but no coffee, no juice, no water, just only a few cakes left. I am not even touch it. The rate is not cheap. $119/night and $10+tax for parking. I am better pay $50 more to get a much better hotel in Fisherman Wharf. Not recommend to any one.Kevin	
Jun 20 2005	Dishonest and unprofessional.	You kind of trust a hotel when it has the Travelodge name to it but like other people who have written I feel hacked off at this place. they pulled the same parking scam on us that they have with others &quot;those internet places will say anything to sell a room&quot; they said and duly charged us $11.40 a day to park making our total room cost $102 per day. There was always someone in reception making a complaint about something and it was always brushed aside with the same nonchalance and total lack of care.Yes it's noisy and yes some of the guests were 'trading' from their rooms.San Francisco is a vibrant, full on place and your hotel or motel room should be your haven rather than the epicentre of dubious activities.This is an owner/operator related problem that could and should be sorted out. My advice would be to get one of the free accomadation coupon books that are everywhere in San Fran and book one of the many $39.99 rooms that are advertised.San Fran itself was brilliant.	
Apr 29 2005	Only for those on a budget	This place is okay. The rooms were small but nicely done. The bathrooms need alot of TLC, paint was peeling off the walls and the shower curtain was too small to cover the shower opening so we always had a lake in the bathroom. My husband went to hang a towel on the towel rack and the whole thing fell out of the wall. The room itself was fine.The location is good. Only 2 or so blocks to the Muni station and a trolley picks you up right outside.The staff was hit or miss-some were helpful with directions others had no idea.Pay close attention to your bill-they tried to change the room rate on us, my husband caught it and it saved us $45. Parking is an extra $10.00-they don't tell you that when you check in.	
Jan 14 2005	Just want I needed	I visited San Francisco to spend my holiday vacation with friends living in the Castro District (right near the Travelode -which is why I selected the motel). We went to see the &quot;The Nut Cracker&quot; at the Opera House - the motel was just 2 blocks away, walking distance which was wonderful (driving in SF is not fun!). Played the classic tourist, picked up the street car right in front of the hotel and transferred to the Cable Car at Powell Street and from there to the Fisherman's Wharf. This city is gorgeous! The workers were are all very friendly and helpful, they advised me how to get to different places where I could enjoy the true San Francisco. My room looked recently remodeled - brand new bathrroom / furniture. If you're visiting SF this is a really nice place to stay.	
Dec 29 2004	Rude Customer Service	I can't really rate the room because i didn't stay here. But after making reservations a month earlier, i called to confirm my reservations and the front desk clerk was RUDE RUDE RUDE! After hanging up, i called back 5 minutes later and cancelled my reservations.Very Poor Customer Service. I will not stay here ever!	
Oct 28 2004	not a good value	My family of 4 stayed here in Sept '04 for 3 nights. About the only good thing i can say about it is it was close to the trolley to the waterfront.It started off bad when we weren't given the Sleepy Bear Den room like we had requested. I had booked this hotel specifically because of that feature. They told us it was under renovation. Couldn't they have contacted us ahead of time to let us know that? The room was so run down. The tile was cracked in the bathroom. There were holes in the blankets. The TV got 3 or 4 channels only. Our toilet broke the second morning there. They told us mantinience wasn't in until 10:00. They gave us a key for an uncleaned room to use their that toilet. It was fixed by the time we got back that night though. My husband and I were woken up a couple times a night with noise from outside.I will NOT be returning to this hotel.	
Oct 12 2004	On a budget?	This Travelodge is in a great location and was very affordable for our budget. We were really close to downtown and the castro district and were able to walk just about anywhere. There is a bus stop right on the same block that will take you across town for just over a $1. Can’t beat the price for a clean room in a decent area.	
Sep 24 2004	What a dump!	The hotel, was centrally located, yet the neighborhood was a little scary. The room, had a huge bathroom, however, I had nowhere to hang my clothes. There was no closet nor was there even a dresser to put my clothes in! The tv hardly worked even after fiddling with the tv antennae. I also had to pay $10 a night for parking (which their site said complimentary). In addition, I made the mistake of leaving my parking spot, and on my return, found all the spots taken by the bar across the street! (I had to park on the street, then move it in the middle of the night because of the street cleaning!) I usually trust the Travelodge brand, but this was the WORST hotel I've ever been to!	
Aug 13 2004	okay for the money	The Central Travelodge has a great location for the price. You can take the Muni all the way to the Wharf for $1.25 (about 25 minutes), or connect with the cable cars ($3) to the wharf. You can also walk to Union Square (a hike, but can be done) So for the $65 ($75 with tax) we got on ORbitz was a good deal. However, the hotel wanted to charge us $10 ($11.10 with tax) for parking the next morning, but I had copied a sheet off Orbitz that says the hotel has free parking-and they honored that. Since the hotel is located on Market and Valencia, it is quite noisey with bus and car traffic. Request a room towards the back/side of the hotel. The hotel has 3 levels. There were people yelling in the parking lot at all hours of the night, so we didn't get much sleep. The rooms were nothing great, no airconditioning, just a fan. Ours was just painted, and it smelled of paint with paint spills on the curtains and bed frames. There was nowhere to plug in the coffee maker near the desk, so we plugged it in the bathroom on the small sink. There was new marble flooring in the bathroom that looked very nice, so they are updating rooms. Breakfast consisted of juice, coffee and packaged sweet rolls, which was not enough for our family of four, so we bought breakfast on the boat over to our tour of Alcatraz. The hotel clerk wasn't overly friendly, but not rude either, although when we asked him questions we were given quick, short answers. He also told us the wrong price for the bus. Kids prices are $.35 for those of you traveling with kids. Adults are $1.25.	
Jun 13 2004	Happy with the Travelodge	After reading some of the reviews, I was a little skeptical about staying here. But I usually stay at Travelodge when I travel and I have always had a good experience when staying there so I thought I'd give it a try. I have to say, I was very impressed with the rooms. They were a little small, but most of the room was taken up with a very comfortable king size bed. The only problems, I had with the room was that the TV reception wasn't good at all and when we complained we were told that all of the TVs were like that and there was nothing that could be done. But I wasn't that upset because the only time we spent in to room during the day was to sleep. The other things that were a nuisance were that the walls are extremely thin so you can hear what is going on in the room next to you and also the traffic outside. However, after the first night, we were used to it. It helped that we were walking and sightseing most of the day so were were quite tired when we finally made it back to the hotel so the noise really didn't bother us. But, I would definitely stay there again.	
May 27 2004	Clean comfortable friendly hotel	I love to come to SF to shop! Union Square is only a short tram or bus ride away from this hotel. There are also many nice shops and restaurants on Gough Street which you can walk too. Our room was clean and looked new! The front desk staff were always smiling and waved to us everytime we walked past the office. For the price at this location, this hotel is a great bargin!	
May 4 2004	What a dump!		
May 3 2004	Newly remodeled		
Apr 25 2004	Nice deal for the price!		
Apr 24 2004	Changed?		
Mar 29 2004	Liked Market Street Travel Lodge in SF		
Mar 29 2004	I love San Francisco		
Oct 6 2003	San Francisco: San Francisco Central Travelodge - Good Value		
Oct 3 2003	SF Central Travelodge (aka HELL BY THE BAY!)		
Aug 7 2003	yuck!		
Jun 16 2003	this place needs to be torn down		
Oct 15 2009 	Man hat das Zimmer nicht allein..!		
Oct 8 2009 	bon rapport qualité prix		
Sep 17 2009 	Bedbugs		
Aug 31 2009 	Stare alla larga da questo hotel!		
Jul 23 2009 	tutto ok!		
Jul 27 2008 	Hôtel peu recommandable		
May 18 2007 	Buona sistemazione!		
