	Gorgeous hotel	The Fairmont in Mason St is a beautifully well maintained hotel with a long and colourful history. The rooms are large and comfortable with fabulous city views. The lobby is fabulous and the photos and stories documenting the hotel's history are fascinating. Staff great too.	
	Enjoyed my stay	The Fairmont for me lived up to expectations. A good quality hotel, great rooms and I think a good location. It was my first visit to San Fran and I thought this was a great area to stay in. Close to the cable cars, Union Square etc.The only thing I would say is that the beds are getting a bit old. They were very soft and not very friendly to my back!Still, a very enjoyable stay.	
	Feel like royalty	This hotel was located in the best part of San Francisco with easy access to everything. All cable car routes were within the block. The food was fantastic at the restaurant as well. The decor makes one feel so special.	
Nov 24 2009 	The Suites and Hotel Lobby and Accomodations are breathtaking	I live in San Francisco and every once in a while I like to take a trip within my own city and stay at one of the suites at the Fairmont. I stay during the week because I can get the best rates. Its truly the best hotel I can ever imagine staying at. From the Suites, to the lobby, to the restaurants, to the service. the Location is Excellent, especially for tourists because not only is Nob Hill a nice place to keep you busy for hours, it is conveniently located on the trolly line that takes you straight to union square and many of the other worthwhile districts. I recommend this place for anyone who wants to get away from &quot;it all&quot; and feel relaxed and joyful.	
Nov 23 2009 	Dated but good	Spent three nights in the Buckingham Suite in the main building. The Fairmont is one of the city's best known, but is showing its age and in need of a good upgrade ( and cleaning), particularly in the main (older) building. Staff were good, location was good, but not really convenient if you like being in the heart of the action ( shopping, theatre, restaurants ). Went with high expectations and was a bit disappointed by this much talked about hotel.	
Nov 20 2009 	The Best!!	Beautiful, grand entry, that gives an aura of true class. The hotel was preparing for the Christmas Season during our stay. A &quot;gingerbread house&quot; was being built in the lobby and the aroma gave a fantastically warm touch to the spacious but warm surroundings. The bell staff were smartly dressed, and for the most part, pleasant and gracious. Our room was large, well appointed, and clean. As far as I'm concerned, there is no other place to stay in San Francisco than the Faimont Hotel!	
Nov 19 2009 	Great in every aspect!	My friend and I stayed in their basic queen room, which was already great, apart from a torn drape. best bed I ever slept in, great appliances, nice storage spaces and very tastefull decoration. Great bathroom as well. Very spacious.Best location in San Francisco - up the hill with a great view and close enough to lots of great restaurants and touristic interest points.Service was also great. I didn´t have that many requests, but they were always prompt to answer them.Definitely recommend it as one of the best places to stay in SF, specially considering the value.	
Nov 17 2009 	Location is the key.	On most of my business trips to San Francisco, I stayed at the Fairmont Hotel. It's historic rooms in the &quot;old building&quot; were a treat, although could have used a bit of updating just for comforts sake. But, despite the &quot;old&quot; feel of those rooms, the location is the key to the Fairmont's success. It sits right atop Nob Hill, and the views are truly incredible. It's easy to get anywhere in the city from there by trolly, but don't try walking those hills in heels. It really is a special part of San Francisco that everyone should experience.	
Nov 14 2009 	You must stay here.....	This was my second visit to the Fairmont. My first visit I stayed in a tower room with views of the city and fell in love with the hotel instantly. This visit was for my honeymoon and we booked the same room type but were upgraded to the Bali Suite in the main building. I was initially worried that the views would not be as good and the room was would be decorated as its in the older part but since they made the effort to recognise we were here on our honeymoon i didnt want to sound un-appreciative. Anyway the room was huge and we got a lovely view of the Red building infront and the cathederal behind. Yes, the hotels food/drink is expensive but you know you dont have to eat there. There are ample eatieries around and Cafe Centro is good value. On my 3rd visit I will stay here again. I am very lucky to be in the travel trade and get very good deals at the Fairmonts.	
Nov 11 2009 	Parthenon	The hotel is first class, everything from the bellmen to the maids. views are spectacular and the location is perfect for a great San Francisco retreat. We had 800 company representitives here for this function, and to my knowledge there were no problems. AWESOME place to stay. I will most certainly return to this fine establishment. 	
Nov 9 2009 	Anniversary	We love to visit our favorite places - the city and The Fairmont. Is clean, detail oriented and with good location. Walking distance to China Town, Union Square and more. We love nice room and service. This hotel is perfect .	
Nov 7 2009 	Wedding Night Bliss	My husband and I spent our wedding night at the Fairmont. It was fantastic. The room, a balcony suite, was bigger than our apartment, paneled in wood, with real books on the shelves and was simply lovely in every way. The desk people were courteous and when I called for information about room service or how to work the fireplaces or where to find the light switch for the balcony (it was hidden), they always greeted me with &quot;Hello, Mrs. XXX, how may I help you?&quot;Most excellent.The bed was very comfortable and the room itself impeccibly clean. The location is unbeatable, where the two cable car lines meet on top of Nob Hill.The cons were minor, but going to mention them here:1) When hubby went to check in the day of the wedding, they did not have the room I reserved nearly a year in advance. However, since we were not going to be in our room until later, they managed to put us in the Buckingham Suite - no complaints there.2) We ordered room service for breakfast and when it arrived, the drinks were warm. Despite being in iced containers, the milk and orange juice were both warm from having been under the tray. Not drinkable. Also, we didn't order orange juice, but they included it anyway. Yes, I could have sent it back or asked them to send new drinks, but it was too much hassle.3) The fireplaces don't actually work. A bit disappointing but hardly a huge deal.Overall, we were very happy to stay there. Hopefully we'll be able to get the same suite on our honeymoon. We only live a few blocks away, but staying at the Fairmont was a treat that we'd looked forward to for several months. Aside from the very minor items mentioned above, excellent service.	
Nov 4 2009 	Best hotel best location	It's expensive relative to others but you do get what you pay for. Location was unbeatable and the tram stops on the corner, so it's easy to hop into the town or down to the bay. The hotel opposite has a roof top bar but get there early as we had to queue!	
Nov 3 2009	Classy but not first class.	Rooms were small, everything was too expensive. Neat history of the place, but the room was small.	
Nov 1 2009 	Nice location	We stayed for one week at the Fairmont, for a professional convention. We had a room in the tower section, on level 2. The best is to have a higher level, facing the golden gate. It is a huge hotel that could cater for the 600 delegates of our convention. Though, you don’t feel the hotel being that crowded. All the services were quite efficient. Its location is on top of one hill and its downhill to the wharf. A nice hotel for a professional stay.	
Oct 31 2009 	High prices and classic style	The service at the Fairmont was courteous, overall 4-star but a little uneven. At check in the desk was most welcoming and the parking charges were clearly explained at over $50/day additional parking. There are significant additional taxes, so expect sticker shock at checkout. We were appreciative that the desk check-in upgraded us to a larger suite since we had a child in tow. This room had only an interior view, but the extra room was most appreciated. The sheets were soft and the cushions were plump and plush ... very comfortable sleeping. The soaring lobby is spacious and sumptuous on a grand old scale and still inviting and comfortable. It is also the only place with free guest wifi, so I did enjoy the lobby, but felt nickled &amp; dimed that the rooms didn't have free wifi too.Located on the top of the Nob Hill area, the hotel has a trolley stop-off, and is a strenuous but bracing hike up from market street. It is an easy walk to Chinatown, and 15 minutes walk to SOMA and the SFMOMA.The main hiccups in service were when my wife was ignored at the entrance driveway because a VIP car had arrived. I commented to her that this was exactly the difference in service between 4 and 5 stars - that 5 star hotels treat all guests well all the time. The second hiccup was a slightly discourteous employee, and finally a noticeable drop in staff responsiveness when underdressed. Overall the Fairmont is still 4 stars. It definitely is a grand OLD hotel and one should expect the associated quirks, charms, and annoyances such as smaller elevators. Charming, historical, and storied - definitely not a corporate chain Hotel experience.	
Oct 27 2009 	Truly Amazing Hotel - so much history	We stayed here as part of our Honeymoon. We knew it would be a beautiful hotel and it didn't disappoint. The hotel is truly stunning &amp; has so much history. The Staff were really friendly and we even got upgraded and had the most beautiful view looking out our window we could see Alcatraz. The room was beautiful too with a lovely big bathroom! The hotel's location is excellent as long as you are prepared for walking up and down the hills. I recommend reading the information on the walls about the hotels history andall the films which had been filmed there &amp; also all the famous people that have stayed over the years. We really recommend the Fairmont and would stay there again!	
Oct 22 2009 	Very nice but small room.	Overall it was fairly nice, and we got a good deal because we booked with an airline package deal. The room was quite small and the fan in the bathroom did not work. Also, the mini bar was well stocked, but wow, was it ever expensive! I think I paid $6.50 for a can of sprite! The bottle of Evian water was $8! I thought that was pricey. The lobby was absolutely beautiful. Staff was pleasant but not overly friendly. The hotel is on a very steep hill (Nobb Hill), so I hope you like walking! There are not really any birstos, cafes, etc near by so it was quite a jaunt to eat. After getting back we saw on the travel channel that the Hurricane bar is one of the best in San Fran! We missed out I guess! It's right in the basement of the hotel, used to be the old swimming pool before WWII. It was a very nice place but probably not right for us. I am in my mid-twenties and would have preferred to be closer to Union Square and the nightlife. If you like to stay in a quiet hotel with history and don't mind traveling to where the action is, then this is the hotel for you. For me I would have preferred a bigger roomed hotel with better priced movies/snacks not on a GIGANTIC hill, but that is me! Oh, the bed was wonderful!	
Oct 22 2009 	Great Hotel - But the amenities will cost you	PROS Great location, right near Chinatown and Union Sq.Beautifully ElegantGreat bellhop serviceComplementary shoe shineGreat TVs in bedroomBedroom clean, neat and ready immediatelyGreat Views from Hotel windowsBathroom large and with nice bathtubValet parkingHigh-end shopping within HotelGreat Restaurant and BarRight on the California Ave cable car lineOverpriced WiFi (PER COMPUTER!)CONSA little too stuffy in appearanceFood, Valet parking, room services insanely overpricedAdjacent hotel was noisily being protested, not the Fairmont's fault thoughClaims to have swimming pool, but they really send you blocks over to another place, then you have to PAY to use it!	
Oct 19 2009 	Slightly Tired Elegance with Terrific Views	We had a very nice stay at the Fairmont, and whether you love it or not depends on point of view -- this historic grand dame was elegantly renovated -- but ten years ago.... So, the furnishings are far more luxurious than an average four star, but slightly too worn for top ratings. The beds, however, are very good and the linens are Frette -- wonderful.If travelling with children; this would not be my top choice -- stay at the waterfront! The Argonaut is a terrific, fun, hotel with kids, and there will be far more to entertain them. Likewise, for a young adult, there is nothing hip or cool about the Fairmont. But for the business or adult traveller, the location is central for business and restaurants and quietly above the fray -- no cheap t-shirt shops on Nob Hill! And the Fairmont is truly a beautiful historic building.The best thing about the hotel per se, are the views -- so book a tower room (this is admittedly not the old part of the hotel, but you can still hang out in the historic marble lobby). Another decent choice are rooms in the front of the hotel overlooking the roof garden, which is lovely. By all means avoid the interior rooms - there is no point in staying here at all if you are looking out at grey interior walls!On a clear day, go across the street to Top of the Mark (at the Intercontinental Hotel) for breakfast or drinks.	
Oct 19 2009 	Wow!!! We Loved This Place!!!!	We were in san Fran as part of our honeymoon and ended up at The Fairmont after we had a terrible first night at a different hotel. My Mum arranged for us to stay at The Fairmont from The UK. On arrival we were blown away - compared to where we had stayed the night before! The entrance is beautiful! We were given a corner tower room on the 12th floor for our first night which was wonderful, we had amazing views of the city, for our second night we were lucky enough to stay in the suite on the 12th floor. This was all thanks to Ana who did an incredible job on the reception desk and we can truely say that she made the final part of our honeymoon unforgettable. The suite was out of this world, we had views of the city and of the bay! Just wonderful! I cannot say a bad word about this hotel. I would love to stay again!!!Thanks Again Ana!	
Oct 19 2009 	Astounding city views from the 22nd floor	My husband and I received a room on the 22nd floor and were treated to astounding panoramic views of the city during our stay. We had clear views of the city when we first entered the room in the afternoon. When we came back after dinner, we now had the twinkling lights of the city laid out before us. In the morning, we awoke to a city shrouded in clouds with buildings coming in and out of view through the swirling mist. We kept the curtains open during our entire stay as the views were simply amazing. The room itself was spacious - the bathroom was exceptionally large - and ultra clean. Stay here and ask for a room on one of the higher floors - you won't regret it.	
Oct 18 2009 	Wonderful Hotel with Spectacular Views	My husband and I stayed at the Fairmont on the last part of our honeymoon. We were upgraded to a tower room on the 21st floor with amazing views of the bay, golden gate bridge and Alcatraz. I don't think that we have had a better view anywhere else we have stayed in the world.Our room was very comfortable and the hotel lobby is gorgeous - very ornate and a glimpse of America from days gone by. We arrived at the hotel late on our first night and ordered room service. Although very expensive, the food was very good.The hotel is near the cable car lines, although we never used them as they are expensive and were always full. The hotel is easily located to walk into the main areas. However, we never walked back to the hotel given that it is located at the top of Nob Hill! and we didn't find the taxis too expensive.We did the night tour of Alcatraz which we would highly recommend. It was very foggy on our visit which added to the atmosphere. Make sure that you wear warm clothing as it is very cold on Alcatraz in the middle of the bay. We also went on a Napa Valley Wine tour which was fantastic. All of the wineries were in beautiful settings and we came back to the city via ferry and got really good views of downtown.We ate at Boulevard Restaurant on our last night which was very good and clearly very popular. I think that you would need to book in advance in order to get a table.We loved our time in San Francisco and would not hesitate to return to the Fairmont.	
Oct 13 2009 	Old and Elegant	The hotel harks back to the days when it was first built. If you're looking for a modern hotel, this is definitely not for you. A lot of marble and gold. I stayed there 2 weekends, one in a very high floor room (nice view, small room, large bathroom) and the 2nd time was in a high floor suite (AMAZING!!). I peaked out the telescope provided in the room and saw more details of Alcatraz, Coit Tower, and more. Not as new as some of their other properties, but the history of it all will continue to bring me back to this hotel when I visit SF next.	
Oct 12 2009	Top notch top of the hill	What a memorable stay at this luxurious hotel that presents as grand the first sight of it. We stayed on the 19th floor of the tower, overlooking the city that stretched forever with city lights. The room we had was quite large and had all of the amenities we needed. The food was wonderful, though the cost of cocktails in teh lounge was a bit surprising to say the least. With the hotel perched upon the hill, we took a venture down to Union Square, just a few blocks down very steep hills. Although we chose to walk back up to the hotel, the streetcar was available to bring you back directly to the hotel.Overall a very pleasurable experience!	
Oct 11 2009 	Beautiful Hotel great service	My husband and I stayed here for the first 4 days on a tour of the West Coast.. The lady who greeted us at check-in was very friendly and upgraded our room to a tower suite with fantastic views of the bay and Alctaraz,, it even had a telescope so we could see right down to Fisherman's Wharf.. The room itself was excellent, clean and large. The bathroom was fantastic with a separate shower cubicle that could fit 2 people comfortably and the water pressure was great. The bath took about 4 minutes to run. I joined the Fairmont's president's club, which gives you free internet and gym use. However, the access in the room was not good, but we didn't come to spend all our time on the internet so not really an issue.. The concierge was very helpful when we had any questions and gave good restaurant recommendations - try Scomas. You have to try the pomegranate mojito at the hotel bar.. The setting is perfect and the cable car and bus are very close, but make sure you buy a day pass for $11 or each trip on the cable car will cost you $5. You can walk to a lot of places, but the hills are extremely steep. The only thing I missed was not being able to swim as the hotel has no pool, but I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 10 2009	San Francisco Fairmont - A Beautiful Place to Stay	I brought my middle daughter here for a special week-end for her 21st birthday. She picked San Francisco, and I picked the Fairmont hoping that it would be a special place that she would remember. That' said, here's my review: Pros: The hotel is beautiful. The &quot;ah&quot; factor is pretty amazing. The room we were given had a view of Alcatraz and Coit Tower. The room had a walk-in closet. The beds were comfortable. The bathroom was pretty good. The location was good, on the intersection of both the trolley car lines. The staff were polite and professional.Cons: The light didn't work in the closet and the fan didn't work in the bathroom. Maintenance fixed the light in the closet (after we notified them) but didn't fix the fan. Staff were really helpful, but didn't seem to feel any pressure to provide speedy service, even when there was a long line of people waiting for service. All in all, it was a nice stay.	
Oct 10 2009 	What a view!!!	We stayed 2 nights in a king room in the north tower--I think it's called a signature king. From the 18th floor, we could see from east of Alcatraz to the Golden Gate bridge. It was a fabulous view and we were lucky enough to have gotten a great rate (due to the economic conditions) and great weather. We came back to the room each afternoon and just pulled chairs up to the window to enjoy the view. The room was everything you would expect from a Fairmont.	
Oct 10 2009 	Fantanstic 5* Nob Hill Property	Wonderful old restored hotel (oldest property in their &quot;chain&quot;). Great location, extremely attentive staff. Walk into lobby even if you don't stay there.	
Oct 8 2009 	I loved this place one of the best hotels in san francisco if not the best	I really enjoyed my stay at the Fairmont Hotel, San Francisco. It is so elegant and stunning. It is located in Nob Hill with excellent views of San Francisco.It's an excellent place to relax. The only thing I disliked was that the walls were too thin, I could hear the other person coughing at night.Other that that, It was great and I will most definitely stay here next time I travel to San Francisco!	
Oct 8 2009 	True Luxury Hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Fairmont on a recent trip to San Francisco. I could not recommend this hotel more. I called the hotel a few weeks before to order a cake to be delivered to our room on our first night to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. I was immediately connected directly to the pastry chef who helped me to design the most delicious cake I have ever eaten in my entire life! The rooms are large and luxurious with a wonderful old-world feel.  Most importantly don't miss a dinner at the Tonga Room! What a fun restaurant. Definitely order a Scorpion Bowl, but only if you’re staying in the hotel -- they're strong!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Very Nice but one exception...	My husband and I stayed here during our first trip to San Francisco. The hotel was beautiful to say the least. Our only complaint, is that the walls are extremely too thin. You can hear everything that happens on your entire floor. I could here the person in the room next to me, talking, blowing their nose, etc. We really felt as if our privacy was non existant. So, in a nutshell, very nice, but expect to hear your neighbors and vice versa.	
Oct 8 2009 	BEST HOTEL IN SAN FRANCISCO	We stayed at the Fairmont with our 2 sons (3.5 years old, 1 yr old) and it was one of the best experiences of our life! The staff was incredible and very accepting of 2 young children in such a busy and prestigious hotel. Would recommend it to anyone traveling to San Francisco!	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful elegant hotel	Hotel was lovely, room was quiet. Checked in after 11 and desk person changed reservation so ended up in a smaller room as I was a single traveler. Otherwise, stay was wonderful.	
Oct 7 2009 	Couldn't fault this trip	We stayed here for the first 3 days of our honeymoon. On arrival we were greeted at check-in by very friendly staff. Our room was upgraded from an internal room to a tower room with beautiful views of the bay, Alctaraz and Coit Tower. They couldn't have made us feel any more special. The room itself was excellent, clean and large. The bathroom was fantastic with a separate shower cubicle which is always better. The check-in staff also made us aware of the Tonga Bar downstairs in the hotel which has a rain storm with thunder and lightning. This made a good evenings entertainment. The concierge was very helpful when we had any questions. Room service was great and there was a vast choice to order in. The setting is perfect with the trolley not far away. Beware of the hills they're steeper even than they look!!	
Oct 4 2009 	Beautiful hotel great location wonderful trip.	We stayed at the Fairmont San Francisco for 6 days in September and loved every minute of it. The building is historic, the entrance magnificent and the service great, like most of the Fairmont’s hotel we stayed in. Our first room was an economy one in the main building. Large, older with no view, but still very comfortable. Aside from some loud guests arriving late one night, we were very quiet there and slept very well. We changed room halfway through the trip, to a Tower room, and what a great change! Beautiful views, comfortable quiet room, with an amazing bathroom. The service is great there. We particularly appreciated the help of concierges and James (I think) at the front desk. Drinks at the bar are a bit overpriced, but the atmosphere is great.The location is wonderful, at the intersection of two cable car lines, and a short walk down to Union Square (much longer walk up to the hotel, since it’s up the hill).	
Oct 3 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	First class Hotel. Service was the usual Fairmont Standard - very, very good.The elevators were slow. Many guests and conferences you often had to wait. But overall a beautiful building, great location.	
Oct 3 2009 	Lovely Hotel Pity abouth the Staff!!	Booked 3 rooms in the Fairmont San Francisco for a family holiday from 14th -18th September. Having previously staying in 8 other Fairmont hotels I was looking forward to staying what are usually lovely hotels. This one was no exception. The building and decor of this hotel was gorgeous. Our rooms were no more than average but the beds were wonderful and ensured and exceelenct night's sleep. The staff at check in were very pleasant as were all the bell staff, just a pity the same could'n be said of the rude guy directing proceedings at the front door from early mornings. Almost all of the concierge we decent and helpful but there were one or two who couldn't have cared less whether they helped you or not. This hotel is not up to the usual Fairmont standard and I question whether I would stay in one of these hotels in the USA again.	
Oct 1 2009 	Old school luxury with a view	While the gold and marble aren't really my style, I certainly appreciated the incredible bathroom with a large shower and separate bathtub. The view from my room spanning from the Golden Gate Bridge to Alacatraz and Coit Tower was breathtaking. The bed linens were soft and luxurious. The only downfall was they only had down pillows which are hard for me to sleep on. Everything else was great.	
Sep 28 2009 	Fairmont is a Oasis in the madness of San Francisco	Stayed at the fairmont and really had a great time. Learned that they &quot;launder&quot; money here. The hotel has a policy of cleaning money that they receive, this is a hold over from the old days of when the Gold Prospectors would come in all dirty and hotel would clean the money to help keep the mine grime out. We ate dinner at the tiki restaurant in the basement of the hotel. This is the restaurant that inspired Walt Disney to create the Tiki Room Show at Disneyland, shortly after you sit down you will recognize why this is true. The lobby is grand, but the hotel does have limited public areas, since you have San Francisco as your front porch though this is not that significant of a problem. Located just outside of Chinatown on the top of a hill remember this should you decide to walk around as you will have to walk back. The weekend we were there was the Formosa Independence Celebration and we got to take part in a parade. Are room was well appointed, but the AC was labored. The sheets and bathroom were very clean and the staff was exeptional, but I have stayed at the Fairmont Lake Louise and Banff and this property was not to those stanards. All said we were able to secure a rate of less than $200.00 a night and for San Francisco where you can spen $160.00 at the Holiday Inn we were pleased.	
Sep 24 2009 	Old World Charm or Just Old	Stayed on business, good size room, very comfortable. It's grand in an old-world way, but also dated in its facilities and decor. There's nothing young or hip about it. The staff I encountered were perfectly friendly and I didn't have any problems with noise.It is at the top of Nob Hill which makes walking a challenge in most directions. I walked anyway downhill and up, and taxis are plentiful and cheap in the downtown area.Didn't eat at any of the restaurants, so can't comment on them, aside from they were very pricy like you might expect from this chain.On the whole, there was nothing wrong with the Fairmont. There's just nothing I would say was so great that I have to go back there when I return to San Francisco.	
Sep 24 2009 	Average!	Great location!Large plush lobby,though found few of the front desk staff abrupt.Watch what room you are given!!The oldest part of the hotel needs updating and had small smelly room with view off a wall,complained and was moved to another part of the hotel which was better.I found the hotel overall very disapointing.Though it it's well established and has it's fans!Can't comment on food or room service as didn't eat at anytime in hotel.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great place to stay. the best was comfortable.	My boyfriend &amp; I stayed here for labor day weekend and we definitely would want to stay here again and recommend it to others. Everybody in SF is so friendly &amp; very good service. It's close Chinatown and Union Square. The fisherman wharf is not that far, we took a taxi &amp; it only cost $10. Please bring map or else the taxi cab will drive you around. Get the fisherman's wharf pass is really a good deal, we didn't even finish the whole pass for three days stay. Do the duck tour was really fun. Around the area where the Fisherman's wharf sign is, there are vendors on the street, that's where cheap. Go to Nick's Lighthouse, their crab's great and you definitely need to eat it with garlic fries. Oyster's only $1.50 each. Yum yum. Overall, if we ever go back to SF, we'll not drive anymore because to go around the area, just take the bus, it's only $2 and buy snacks and water in chinatown 2 bring to the hotel room coz the room service at the hotel is really expensive and water in the room is $8. Overall, we really had a great time.	
Sep 15 2009 	Fantastic	We stayed here on the first leg of our honeymoon, we told the hotel we were honeymooners and our room was upgraded for free, we already had an exterior room but we were moved to one with a higher view. The hotel is very grand and very clean and nicely decorated. We didn't eat there but are sure it would have been very nice. The rooms were cleaned daily, we were there for 3 nights.It is on a hill but we didn't mind as the trams stop just outside or you can walk like we did, it is not far from union square and about 40 mins from Fishermans Wharf. We recommend doing the Segway tour on electric bikes, that was great fun, hiring bikes and cycling over the Golden Gate bridge and also we went to a baseball game and it was fantastic.We asked the hotel for a taxi to the Wharf and they let us use the house car for free which was excellent service.A great stay and we wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Sep 13 2009 	Fairmont - historic and in a good area	My husband and I stayed for just one night at the Fairmont as part of a Northern California trip. The hotel is beautiful - this is the hotel that inspired the St. Gregory in that 80's TV series &quot;Hotel.&quot; I have stayed in Fairmonts in many parts of the country and this one is to be noted for its lobby and its history.We were checked in quickly, we parked our car for $57/day but with in and out privileges. Our room was nice, we had a view of the Grace Cathedral, but we could not see the bay or downtown. The closet in the room was huge. The bathroom had a window over the toilet that didn't exactly close all of the way, so you could hear a hiss of air and the window frame had been painted over many times. They had a bedside clock that wasn't illuminated - it was grey - like a digital watch, and as a result, when we awakened, we had to turn on the light to see what time it was.We had a drink in the lobby (not the Tonga room) and that was $44 for one drink for each of us. We walked down to Union Square for dinner. We also joined the President's Club based on the reviews on TripAdvisor and that got us free internet.The location was good and it was very quiet in the area. I would recommend this hotel, but only if you can get a price break, as we did - $150.	
Sep 11 2009 	You get what you pay for!	This is a typical Fairmont Hotel. Fairly expensive but provides a nice atmosphere and ameneties. Very large rooms that are comfortable and clean. Meals, drinks etc are very expensive on site, but again that can be expected at a Fairmont. If you prefer higher end travel, this is the correct hotel. Budget or conservative travellers, should stay elsewhere as nothing is cheap at the Fairmont San Fransisco.	
Sep 9 2009 	excellent.	Stayed at the Fairmont for a full week, and I really can't fault it. Superb staff, great location, excellent rooms - plenty big enough, even for SF. Tonga Room restaurant is the absolute height of cheesiness, but really can't be beat. Only negatives are that the cafe isn't all that great, and the cable car stop outside is rarely used as the cars are almost always full!	
Sep 7 2009 	Elegance with a view	This is the second time we have stayed at the Fairmont. My husband was attending a conference at the Moscone. We booked an exterior deluxe room. The Fairmont is an easy cable car ride to Union Square, China town etc. It is located on Nob Hill so the views are incredible. The service at the hotel is outstanding from the moment you are greeted at the entrance. Check in was easy as we had joined the Fairmont's membership club prior to arrival (fast check in at the priority line) Membership also included free internet and use of the health club. The room was huge, the bed was extremely comfortable. we received a paper every day. We had a light bite in the lounge and the service and food was very good. They had a pianist playing which added to the ambiance. The bathroom had wonderful bath products. The closet was a walk in and spacious enough to set up a full sized ironing board. It also had built in storage shelves. The Fairmont is our hotel of choice in San Francisco and we will surely stay there again.	
Sep 7 2009 	Customer service needs improvement.	Nice room - ask for Tower and high floor. We were 56th floor and no noise issues unlike some reviewers. Hotel pleasant and clean room with great view of the bay - extra cost! Most staff reasonably attentive though the higher the status the more smug some became. A quick reminder of who is paying the bill usually elicited the desired response! Good situation for all that city has to offer and helpful valet and concierge staff. Please get the Hertz desk manned though - tried to get attention on 3 separate occasions and apparently staff member having a cigarette break!!! Please!	
Sep 3 2009 	The most comfortable bed EVER!!	the fairmont was the best hotel i have ever stayed at. that's not saying much since i usually stay at best western - lol! but seriously.....the bed was sooooooo comfortable. the most luscious, soft, fluffy bed ever! the sheets, pillows, blankets were so soft and heavenly. i don't know how i how the great deal of $102/nt because i checked the prices after i got back and it was $300 - $500 from various websites, including the one i booked from. i checked because i couldn't believe that i paid so little for such a luxury 5 star hotel. the bathroom was beautiful and the shower was the best shower i have ever taken. i don't usually stand in the shower to just enjoy it but i did at the fairmont. that showerhead was so full and comforting. there is a mini fridge in the room. we emptied it out and put our own food and drinks in there. what a wonderful place to come back to after a long day of sightseeing. we slept like a baby. the hotel is beautiful and easy to get to. it is quite a walk to fisherman's wharf but it is all downhill. it is impossible to catch the cable car from the hotel. it is always full and they never stop for you. we always took the cable car back from the wharf but i was always an hour wait - but at least we knew we would get on instead of getting dissed. after the 3rd day of walking to the wharf, we were thinking of staying at a hotel near there but i looked at the prices and the reviews and they didn't sound too hot around there. so i dunno. is it worth the convenience to stay at the wharf? or is it totally worth it to stay at the fairmont which is a small commute away? judging from our activites - wharf, alcatraz, golden gate bridge, they are all close to the wharf hotels. but i do think the fairmont is worth the commute. next time, i might try staying at the wharf because of convenience but i have a feeling i will be back at the fairmont again.	
Sep 1 2009 	Wonderful hotel	We were lucky enough to stay at this wonderful hotel for 4 nights. The location was ideal for us as we used the cable cars to get around, although we had to walk to Fisherman's Wharf and back twice as the long waits between cars meant that the queues were just too long. The walk took less than half an hour so it was no real issue. We much preferred the quiet location on Nob Hill to either Union Square or Fisherman's Wharf. As previous reviewers have stated, the lobby is absolutely beautiful. The restaurant is also stunning and breakfast each morning was a relaxing way to start the day. The food selections were very good and service was excellent. We visited the Tonga Room, just to have a quick drink and ended up with a $70 bill because of the entertainment charge - a very expensive way to spend 20 minutes! Not to be repeated.We found all the staff to be helpful and friendly. We also greatly enjoyed seeing all the old photos on the walls - a reminder of the Fairmont's historical past. The photos of the Fairmont standing alone amidst the desolation of the earthquake were especially moving.We had booked 2 interior rooms, but on arrival agreed to share a room on the first night as the hotel had overbooked. We shared an exterior room which was huge and we were then upgraded to the tower for the following 3 nights where we had wonderful views right across the bay. Furnishings were of a similar high quality in both rooms.We loved the Fairmont and would highly recommend the hotel.	
Aug 27 2009 	Beautiful	What a beautiful hotel this is, the lobby is opulent!, The beds are heaven, the sheets are amazing. The room service, the food was perfect, fresh, loved it. But, The Tonga Room is another story, I did not eat the appetizer we ordered, I knew something was off with it, my boyfriend did, very early the next morning, he became violently ill, vomiting etc. We had to stay longer in order to give him the time he needed to hopefully get everything out of his system. I contacted the concierge, they had a doctor call to the room, who said it was most likely a &quot;bug&quot;. Nice, thanks for that info doc. The hotel did nothing to accommodate us, the manager was adamant about getting my number to contact me later to see how things progress, she never called. Otherwise, the hotel is really a beautiful place and even if you don't stay there and almost die from food poisoning at the cost of about $300 a night, you should stop by and see one of the most beautiful hotels in SF!	
Aug 22 2009 	Luxurious	We got married at a Fairmont last year, and we stayed at another Fairmont for our honeymoon, so we have a soft spot for Fairmont hotels. If you look online and use coupons judiciously, you can get some really good rates. Otherwise the price would be prohibitive. This time we got a very good rate online, used a suite upgrade coupon, and a dining coupon (both leftover from our wedding).The hotel is so beautiful. Very grand, opulent, with gold and crystal and beautiful fabrics everywhere. However, we didn't like the labyrinth-layout. You can easily get lost wandering the halls. The function rooms seem to be cut off from the hotel, and although there is a very unusual tiki-room restaurant downstairs, you'd never know it was there unless you stumble upon it. At the Fairmont (in another city) where we got married, the function rooms are right off the lobby, so our wedding could really take advantage of the beautiful space. At the SF Fairmont, we felt like we had to walk through tunnels to get to some function rooms, not the best layout to have a party.Our suite was very beautiful, HUGE, and comfortable. It is larger than some SF apartments. The furnishings at a Fairmont really lift it well above the average business hotel. Our bed was super comfortable, and the bathroom all marble with lots of towels, soaps, and things to make our stay more convenient. The suite was too big for us though. If one of us sat in the sitting room, and the other in the bedroom, we'd practically have to call each other on the phone to say something. We stayed in a suite because it was free. Otherwise, a regular room would probably suffice. The suite would be good for a wedding or a party, if you plan to have a lot of people over to your room to sit and relax.Room Service breakfast was delicious, and arrived very quickly (under 15 minutes from the call). We used a dining coupon for it, but after tax, surcharges, and tip, the price of the breakfast was more than double our coupon. In future, we'll just eat elsewhere.My only complaint is that there were no slippers in the room, and the white fluffy bathrobe hanging in the bathroom was no longer fluffy, but stiff and crackly--a sign that it's been hanging there (hopefully unused) for a few previous guests. Note to the Fairmont--even if your guests don't use the bathrobe, please change it every time the guest checks out!The hotel is at a top of a hill, so be sure to wear THICK layers if you go out at night, because the wind might literally sweep you away. The trolley picks up right outside the hotel to the center of town, but it doesn't seem to run on time often.All in all, a grand hotel, highly recommended. Be sure to look for deals so you don't pay full price.	
Aug 19 2009 	Perfect location	We lucked into this hotel by using our Disney Club points...otherwise I might not have paid the rate and would have missed out on a great place. Right on the cable car routes and really plush. Everything you would expect from a 5 star hotel.	
Aug 19 2009 	A glance at the stars.	The main reason why I booked this hotel, was that it is mentioned in &quot;The Rock&quot; as the hotel Sean Connery wanted to stay at while considering Nicolas Cages offer. We didn't stay at the suite as he did, but in one of the smaller rooms. I booked the room through British Airways which ensured me a very good deal on the stay, even though I found it a little bit expensive for my taste, but after searching for hotels in other parts of San Francisco, the offer seemed fairly priced.We got a complimentary upgrade from a queen size to a king size bed, which was nice and the king size bed was huge and very very comfortable.As a person fond of walking, the hotel is placed absolutely perfect. Although I wouldn't recommend it to people with problems with hills, as the hotel is placed on top of Nob Hill which has a couple of very steep streets going up to it. Of course this can be avoided with taxis.	
Aug 17 2009 	What a beautiful hotel	My wife and I and 3 other couples checked-in for a single night's stay at this hotel. The staff were incredible and really work hard for the hotel and its guests. One of the couple's did not get their room until 5:00pm but the rest of us got our rooms at a decent time.The lobby is over the top in beautiful. Very impressive with lots of comfortable seating. Our room was located in the tower. We were on the 18th floor facing away from the water. The view was very nice through very large windows. The room was very comfortable and the bed was unbelievably comfortable. The bathroom is very stately with a glass enclosed shower, a large tub, a reasonable size sink/counter and a somewhat separate toilet. House coats were provided. The TV was brand new and most of the channels were in HD. I thought the room was excellent. The only downside is we were the room next to the elevator and you could hear it moving up and down.We did not use any of the meal services at the hotel but we did have drinks at the bar. The wait staff were very friendly and patient.The location for this hotel is very nice. It was only a $8 cab ride to Fisherman's Wharf.They charge for their wireless internet services. I for one believe these types of services should be included in the room. As it turned out, we were able to connect to someone else's wireless router while we were sitting in the lobby.I would stay in this hotel again without question.	
Aug 15 2009 	OK	I was looking forward to staying at the historic San Francisco Fairmont and I may have expected too much. The lobby was very impressive - the rooms were just OK . I found some of the staff to be fabulous (room service, the doorman and the staff in the Tonga Lounge were exceptional); in other cases, I found that everyone was too busy to provide the level of service that I expected. There seemed to be more service paid to the business crowd than to those on vacation. Ask about the overnight parking charges before you hand over your keys to the valet.	
Aug 11 2009 	great start to our honeymoon	This hotel was just perfect. The location excellent,rooms luxurious and the staff (Jimmy especially) couldn't do enough. We would go back in a heart beat. An excellent start to our honeymoon in the States.	
Aug 10 2009 	Average	The Fairmont is still trading on its former glory, and if you want to tread in the footsteps of past Presidents, heads of state and other dignitaries you're at the right place. It has everything you would expect of a 4-star hotel but no more.Its location at the top of Nob Hill is ideal for walking to the main tourist sites - Union Square, Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf, etc. You can even walk to Pier 33 for your Alcatraz cruise (about 40 minutes). But don't forget you have to face the challenging walk back up the hill. If you think of this as muscle toning, moderately aerobic exercise you'll be fine. But if you are the least bit infirm or wheezy forget it. I actually didn't mind it that much, thinking righteously of the calories I was burning off.There's nothing wrong with this hotel but, then, there's nothing that would tempt us back there either. We would probably choose one at Fisherman's Wharf, where there's a lot more going on, and it's not 30 degrees to the horizontal.A few tips. Book Alcatraz online before you go otherwise you might not get on a cruise - they seemed to be booked up days in advance. Also, buy a 2-day ticket for an open-top bus - well worth the money. Oh, and join the Fairmont President's Club before you go, to get free Internet access if you take a laptop. Alternatively, there's a small Internet cafe just down the hill that is reasonable.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great location for seeing San Fran from the top of the hill!	I often stay at the Fairmont chain since the locations are excellent for work/sightseeing and I used to get nice upgrades when I was traveling for work on someone's tab (sniff, sniff... miss those days!).I stayed at the Fairmont during my recent San Fran trip for 5 nights - I love the Nob Hill area and it's the most reasonably priced of the hotels at the top of the hill.Super convenient since 2 major cable car lines go right in front of it. Lovely historic decor and lobby - they serve lemon, lime and cucumber water in the lobby which are yummy!Rooms are a bit dated as most Fairmonts are (smaller bathrooms in standard rooms), but I love the history of the chain. On the plus side, water efficiency isn't that established with the showers so you can an amazing spray!! If you want modern, this is not the place for you.Customer service is good and concierge staff are helpful. I didn't eat at any of the restos but hubby went to Tonga one night for an overpriced $26ish burger that was quite good. Solid 4*.	
Aug 9 2009 	Good hotel in great location	Stayed recently at the Fairmont. The location is great with 2 cable stops right outside. The hotel has an old world charm. Maybe getting slightly old, and will need refurbishment soon. Would stay again because of the location.	
Aug 8 2009 	A Grand Stay at a Grand Hotel	We just returned from a 4 night stay at the Fairmont Hotel . The primary reason was business, and since we had a one day conference, we were eligible for the conference rate for our entire stay. We were not leaving San Francisco until Friday, but could not get the last night at the Fairmont, so we booked the last night at the Mark Hopkins which is directly across the street (the bellman at the Fairmont wheeled our luggage across for us).The Fairmont's lobby is a precursor of things to come. The spectacular restoration of Julia Morgan's 1907 design is magnificent, and the Laurel Room (main hotel restaurant and bar) has also been restored. We found check in to be helpful even though our room wasn't ready when we arrived, we opted for the room specially selected for us by the conference manager, Sarah Zisman, with whom I had several pre trip emails trying to seccure our last night's stay. The room was large, and well appointed with a good view overlooking the landscaped courtyard. It was in the main building, which we really enjoyed, and although there are probably better views in the tower, I was really glad that we were in the original building. The bed was absolute heaven and the shower was really strong. The windows even opened which we love!Our concierge, Nelson was always very helpful, and all of his suggestions were great. The only negative comments are about the housekeeping which was erratic in terms of towels, bath rugs, and toiletries. It seemed that the more we tipped housekeeping, the worse the service.Overall, we loved this hotel. Location was great between three trolley lines, and we would try to stay here again.	
Aug 8 2009 	Awesome Views	My husband and I stayed at the Fairmont for three days on a recent vacation. It was our first trip to San Francisco and we really enjoyed the city. The Fairmont is an amazing place to stay. We booked a tower room and it was lovely. We could see for miles from our window. We were on the city side of the tower so the Golden Gate Bridge was not visible from that location. That view will cost alittle more. We did alot of walking and also bought a three day pass to ride the cable cars, that saves $ and you muscles on the uphill walk back to Nob Hill. Be sure to check out the Tonga Room for happy hour.	
Aug 4 2009 	A grand hotel with excellent service	The hotel is located in Nob Hill and although high up, the cable cars run regularly outside. Travelling back in summer might involve a long wait. The room was palatial, clean and very comfortable. I could hear my neighbours quite clearly however. Breakfast was included within my package deal with Virgin Holidays although the hotel were unaware of this. They were very helpful and gave me complimentary breakfast each day and didn't even charge me for phone call made. This was great as the breakfasts were AMAZING - certainly 5 star and not cheap either! I was suprised that rooms didnt have tea/coffee facilities - every hotel I've been in have this. They told me that 24 hour room service was available, but that's not the same as making yourself a quick cuppa in the morning. However, a great stay.	
Aug 3 2009	A beautiful hotel in a great location	My Mother, sister and i stayed for 4 nights in mid April. AT check-in the staff recognized that my mother and sister had a room reserved in the original part of the hotle and i had reserved mine in the tower. She upgraded my Mother and sister to a room right next to mine in the tower- and oh what a view!!! We loved coming home to the Fairmont each night to relax in the bar for a night cap! We can't wait to come back to this great hotel.	
Jul 23 2009 	A Wonderful Weekend at the Top of San Francisco	I was in town for a wedding at Grace Cathedral, and the Fairmont is just a block down. I don't normally stay at hotels like the Fairmont (a little out of my price range), but I ponied up the dough to be with the rest of the wedding group.The Fairmont was awesome. I stayed in the original building, and the room was great. It felt a little small compared to a Hilton or a Marriott, but it seemed on par with other older hotels, and it had more than enough space for me. My room faced an inner courtyard so I didn't have much of a view, but I wasn't really there to hang out in the room.I found the service to be excellent, but more than anything, I found the location to be ideal. It is at the top of Nob Hill, and it has a beautiful shot of the Bay Bridge from one side. If you stay in the tower, you'll have one of the most beautiful views in the entire city (that is not a joke). It was on all the trolley lines, and it was within a steep walk of Union Square. I felt like I was right in the middle of everything, but it also seemed like it was just far enough away from the craziness.I wouldn't recommend the hotel for everyone, but if you are looking for a luxurious, relaxed get away in SF, you could do worse than the Fairmont.P.S. Go to the Tonga Room for at least one drink. It is a San Francisco institution. You may not love it, but you will remember it.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great View	We had a room with a King on the 6th floor. The view was great of Alcatraz and the bay. You can see some dingy rooftops right below, but it is only a distraction if you let it be. The bed was very comfy and the bathroom was nice. The bathtub is a little narrow for soaking. The lobby is gorgeous as previously stated. Staff was friendly. The rooftop garden is relaxing. We did not go to the Tonga room. We made it to Citizen cake. Google it; it is near the Opera House. Great deserts! Joined Presidents club for free internet as suggested by another guest. Parking is expensive. Other garages around within walking distance, but not much price break. Great mochas in cafe. Italian roast and Ghiradelli chocolate. Cafe is easy access if your getting your car. We were able to get a room rate of 199.00	
Jul 21 2009 	Awesome tower room with city views!	Service was great! We arrived at noon and were able to check in right away. I would suggest joining the President's Club for free wi-fi and newspapers in the morning. We didn't eat at the restaurants (picky teenagers), but there are plenty of places within walking distance. They best thing is that the trolley stop is right on the street next to the hotel!	
Jul 15 2009 	Classic Hotel with some nice modern touches	The hotel has a nice lobby. The lounge was somewhat disappointing. I went there after 10 and the kitchen had closed down. Restaurant is not a foodie destination. Basement space could use better configuration. As I recall, you can only enter the cafe from the street. Room comfortable and bathroom updated. The highlight for me was taking a Pilates class in the fitness centre Sunday morning. Since I'm a President's Club member, I can borrow an Adidas outfit.	
Jul 15 2009 	Best Fairmont Yet - big hill though so you might want to cab it	I loved this place. We've been doing the tour of a few fairmonts this year do to the friends and family deals and presidents club deals and this is the best one.Beautiful lobby, great little garden. I think the health club looked pretty posh but after climbing the hill a few days in a row there was no need to use it.Didn't try the food.Things I liked: the price (fairmonts presidents club best rates deal - if you haven't joined the club - join, its free and gets you free internet and special deals every month)the rooms - they are modernish, but the beds are new which is different from alot of fairmonts.the lobby - very prettythe view - you're at the top of a hill so if you go to the rooftop garden you can have a neat little look aroundDidn't go to the club or the restaurants here.	
Jul 11 2009 	Very nice hotel	Stayed at the Fairmont with my wife while I was in SF for business. Nice hotel, needs to be updated but overall it was fine. The views of SF from our room were great, however, the room itself is dated. Also, the value was not there. For the price I am not sure I would stay there again as there are better deals in Union Square.	
Jul 7 2009 	What a luxury hotel is supposed to be	By far the best hotel we have ever stayed in. We got an 11th floor tower room with a great city view for $160/night. This is the hotel of presidents and royalty, and it showed. The breakfast is expensive, but it offered the best breakfast we have ever had in a hotel outside of Europe (nothing in this hotel is cheap, don't come here if you're on a budget). The staff is attentive, and even was offering us what we needed before we had to ask. The walls are thick and the inside is quite and calm. The lobby is grand with gold and fine details. It has the look of a European palace. Most rooms in the main building are neoclassic style with original chandeliers hanging over the beds, the tower rooms have a more modern look, but still with impeccable style. The fitness center was impeccably maintained and offered everything including also had classes in yoga and pilates. If you want to walk the same halls as presidents and royalty, go to this hotel. 2 great restaurants (1 is also a night club) and a perfect Italian cafe' bar, and several shops are also in the hotel.	
Jul 7 2009 	Elegant stay at a San Francisco Classic	The Fairmont is legendary and we really enjoyed our stay. Perched high atop Nob Hill (great views!) it's perfectly located to enjoy all that San Francisco has to offer. Although, as pretty much every other reviewer notes, the surrounding hills are steep, very steep. So...plan accordingly. Fortunately, two of the cable car lines are right outside the doors.Rooms were super clean and well appointed. Staff was friendly and helpful. The restaurant was tasty but naturally priced accordingly.I suspect some of the ultra-elegance is gone as it appeared that one tour group after another was arriving. But it didn't spoil our time in such a historic and elegant hotel.Two minor annoyances - the parking charge is ridiculous. Close to $60 per night when taxes are added. Also the Tonga Room charged us a $7 cover charge for music. Not horrible but in my opinion should be waived for hotel guests/President Club members. Oh and speaking of the President's Club...sign up before you arrive so you can have free access to the hotel's gym.	
Jul 2 2009 	A Touch of Class	Like The Drake hotel in Chicago, The Fairmont offers something more than the standard 5 star experience. It exudes old fashioned class and history without being stuffy. We took advantage of a summer special room rate of just over £100 per night which by European city standards is excellent value.Admittedly nothing can compare with the stunning lobby but our bedroom was well decorated, traditionally furnished, spacious with a walk-in closet and best of all had great views of Alcatraz from both the bedroom and bathroom.The location is a mixed blessing. When the cable cars are full, as they often are, the very steep access on foot will not suit all visitors, But if you're looking to lose some of the calories from the gargantuan US restaurant portions this is the place to stay.	
Jun 19 2009 	Met all my expectations !	I was dreaming to stay in this hotel for a long time and when I finally arrived I was in Heaven! It truly is a historic old lady and very elegant. I booked a very special rate from their website and also signed up as a President Club Member which allows free Internet, local calls and speed checkin/out. The location is brilliant with cable cars to all directions basically stopping by the door. I stayed for 4 nights and my favourite thing was to relax with a glass of wine in the lobby and imagine who would have passed through this hotel in all those years. My room was very well equipped and luxurious. I did not think that it was &quot;tired&quot; as this hotel does not claim to be a &quot;trendy modern box&quot;. The hotel car parking is quite pricey but there are a number of public undercover carparks closeby so I shopped around and found overnight parking for US$28 by the cathedral.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great location	Spent second week of June at the Fairmont. It is a special hotel, we had a room in the tower which is not a suite but has plenty of room and a massive panoramic window. Reception said it had a bay view but that is really on the North Side of the tower, even so it was a great view. Caffe Cento is the place to go for breakfast as the buffet breakfast in the restaurant is superb but very expensive.All the staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location on the cross roads of the California, Powell and Hyde cable car lines. We got a Citypass for $49 each which gets you free on all Muni transport for a week. Much better value than the city sightseeing bus provided you get hold of a good route map. Best way out of the hotel to the Powell Line is through Cafe Cento or the garage. Virgin Limo to the airport costs £48.Best things we did included riding on the cablecars and tramcars, wine country tour with Grayline ($69 each), Science Museum in Golden Gate Park, Coit Hill (get a 39 bus from Washington Square or Fishermans Wharf and bay cruise. Didn't bother with Alcatraz. Good places we ate were Macy's Cheesecake Factory. Johnny Foleys Bar on O'Farrell Street, Cove Cafe on Castro, Tonga (at the Fairmont), Buena Vista Bar on Hyde Street opposite the cable car terminal and McCormick &amp; Kuleto's seafood restaurant nearby. If you want free wireless then join the Fairmont Presidents Club before you arrive.	
Jun 12 2009 	We love this majestic hotel!	This was our second visit to the Fairmont and it was even better than the first (maybe because we were sans kids this time!) The first thing that attracts your attention is the entrance--with the international flags overhead, the red carpet and the lovely doors. Then you step into the incredible lobby--floor to ceiling marble with columns, exquisite furniture and rugs and, of course, the ornate flower arrangements. The rooms are quite spacious and beautiful, with European linens on the beds, a flat screen television, a marble bath, a huge walk-in closet and of course giant windows, revealing the beauty of San Francisco. We had room service once--it was awesome!-and had a drink at the bar downstairs beside the lobby--beautiful, rich-looking! We frequented Caffe Cento (on the parking level) several times for coffee and breakfast--if you like Illy coffee like I do, you will enjoy this. The concierge was really helpful, pointing us in the direction of some great restaurants within walking distance. The location is very good, too--cable car lines go right by, and there are always cabs available. Plus, since the Fairmont is considered one of the more prominent hotels in town, our tours came right to the hotel and picked us up (some members of our tours had to walk to a pick up location) In our room, I noticed a book on the artwork of the Fairmont, which I enjoyed perusing to check out the art and architecture of this lovely historic hotel--from mirror frames to wallpaper to the gardens--this place is gorgeous. For a romantic getaway, you cannot beat the Fairmont!	
Jun 11 2009 	Great View and all the little touches	Spoke at a conference at the Fairmont SF - great hotel, very magestic and the usual Fairmont touches.Got to my room and the drapes were open, exposing a view of the golden gate bridge - classical music (my favorite) playing and a fresh cheese and fruit plate with a cold bottle of water... ok.. the rooms are pricy, but it's worth it in my opinion.top of the hill, so bring your walking shoes - it's downhill in all directions. I walked down and cabbed it back up the hill - best $6 I ever spent!The corned beef hash breakfast is the best i've tasted anywhere!	
Jun 6 2009 	Another great stay at the Fairmont!	Dates: May 22 - 25 (3 nights)Who: me, wife, daughter (age 8)Previous stays: 2 (2005, 2008)Several months ago I received a mailing from Fairmont containing an upgrade in my President's Club status. I assume that this was to get additional business because I certainly had not earned the upgrade. Prior to this visit I have only stayed at a Fairmont three times. Included in the mailing were certificates offering &quot;reserve 3 nights, pay for 2 nights&quot; and &quot;upgrade to a suite&quot;. Even better - you could use both certificates for the same stay! I went to the web site and booked the cheapest room I could find and then called the President's Club line and redeemed my certificates. It was that easy!After arriving at SFO we took BART to Embarcadero, bought multi-day MUNI passes, then took the cable car up California street, arriving at the hotel around 5:00. We checked right in and were excited to see our suite. The front desk was very efficient and very friendly. We were given the Piazza suite on the third floor of the old building. My previous visits have been in the old building and this is where I prefer to stay.The suite is very nice - for starters it is a corner suite so there are lots of windows (and all of them open!). When you walk into the suite there is a hallway - go straight and you enter the large bedroom. Here you'll find a bathroom, closet, dresser with a plasma on top, chair, small table, king size bed, and two nightstands. The carpet in the entire suite was brand new. If you turn right down the hallway you enter another large room with a dining table and four chairs, couch, coffee table, two end tables, large TV stand with minibar and another plasma, desk, and chair. The main window in each room faced north out to the bay. We had a nice view of North Beach, the Wharf, and Alcatraz. Each morning the SF Chronicle was delivered to the room. I much prefer receiving a local paper as opposed to USA Today.The bathrooms are nothing special but they are clean and everything works well. Unfortunately, both bathrooms have a combo tub/shower. There was plenty of hot water and the water pressure was good. I thought the shower heads were too low (I'm 6'1&quot;) and this is a pet peeve of mine at most hotels. There were plenty of towels and toiletries in each bath.The maid service was excellent, both in the morning and at turndown. The maids were very friendly and very efficient. At no time did we feel as if we had to call housekeeping for anything. I asked about chocolates at turndown and the maid told me they stopped doing that after 9/11.We didn't eat any meals at the Fairmont because there are so many great places to try in the area. However, the Tonga Room was packed each evening and we did get a mai tai to take back to the room each night. The Tonga Room makes a real mai tai - this is not a sickeningly sweet glass of fruit juice with some rum. Just the fact that they use crushed, instead of cubed, ice puts them ahead of most mai tais out there. It is definitely one of my top-5 mai tais. The coffee place facing Powell was also quite busy during the trip.The Fairmont is in a great location. You are right at the intersection of the three cable car lines. There are several bus lines that stop within a block of the hotel. Chinatown is a couple of blocks away. The shopping at Sutter and Union Square is right down the hill. North Beach and the Wharf are close by. There are lots of restuarants to choose from and some parks are close, too. There is no need to rent a car if you are staying at the Fairmont and with parking at $50 a day why would you want to?When it was time to print my boarding pass I used the free service just off the lobby - you don't even need to go downstairs to the business center. I did not use the gym but I have been in it on past trips - it is very nice and doubles as a membership facility.We like this hotel and we will DEFINITELY be back. Thank you Fairmont for a great vacation.	
Jun 5 2009 	stay here!	It's a huge, monumental building with a fantastically over-the-top foyer. The location is perfect, with 2 cable cars at the back of the building, and with Union Square not so far away. Our room was great - we were upgraded. Don't bother with breakfast at the hotel - there is a Cafe at the back on the lower ground floor with great Illy coffee and breakfast snacks. The only let-down was the concierge - they offered jogging maps, so I went and picked one up, and it was rubbish - it didn't show the route properly and was very difficult to follow, especially when you want to avoid steep hills when running. When I finally got back to the hotel I showed the concierge how the map was wrong, got no apology but I was told I should have been given a different map.But I would go back like a shot.	
Jun 3 2009 	Wonderful Stay-Superb Service-Beautiful Room!	I've stayed at the Fairmont before but this time was special. It goes without saying that the overall facilities of the hotel are elegant, the lobby is a work of renaissance art, the meeting rooms offer anything you could want and the ambiance is quiet and refined. From the time we stepped out of the car, through check in and up to our room the staff was superb. Nothing was left out from the instructions about getting around the hotel to how to hail a cab away from the hotel. Our room, in the tower, offered a sweeping view of San Francisco and was beautiful. Service throughout our stay was excellent on every level, from the restaurants to the doorman. The breakfast buffet offers eggs benedict and anything else you could want. The dinner menu is small but certainly adequate. The chicken club in the lounge is to die for. I was so impressed with this stay that we booked three future stays in the next four months. None of this service comes cheap but it's worth every penny	
May 31 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Stayed at the Fairmont May 22-26 with my husband, for a long awaited trip. The hotel is grand and very historic. We got great price for signature view room thru hotels.com otherwise if we had paid the $300 regular room rate, I would have been a bit dissapointed. The room itself was nice- not fabulous, but the beds were very comfortable. The view was awesome.The housekeeping dept. did a nice job of cleaning the room daily but was pretty reserved on leaving more toiletries. We had the breakfast buffet, which was a little pricey, but VERY good. And like everyone says it is at the top of a very large hill, so be prepared for that. The Fairmont was very nice and I would reccomend it to anyone going to San Francisco.	
May 30 2009 	Four and a half stars	I had a great stay at this beautiful, historic hotel while in San Francisco for a meeting. My room which was reasonably priced had a lovely view and although near the elevator was very quiet. I enjoyed the Tonga room and am sorry to hear that it will be closing . The only reason I did not give the hotel 5 stars is that on more than one occasion personnel seemed to be steering me to specific restaurants and/or tour companies.	
May 30 2009 	Like home at top of Nob Hill	This has been my fifth time visiting the Fairmont San Francisco in the past two years, and each time gets better and better.The entire staff, whether front desk, housekeeping, room service, phone operator, automatically addresses you by name. Not only that, but it is GENUINE and FRIENDLY. What a breath of fresh air in a world filled with phony, plastic smiles.Rooms in main building are big and roomy, with high ceilings. They retain that old-world charm, but with all the modern amenities. Room service is prompt and quality of food very good. They will even go the extra mile with any special request. Try that in another hotel!Joining the President's Club is not only free, but easy online. With it comes free admission to the health club (extremely clean, by the way), which has a steam and sauna. What better way to relax after a busy day? Also complimentary internet access with President's Club membership.Hotel main building filled with history. To left side of lobby entrance is a long hallway filled with photographs of guests from past 100 years, including every U.S. president, dignitaries, and celebrities. Several movies were filmed here, and the TV series 'Hotel.'The initial meetings that led to the formation of the United Nations were held here.Am I a fan of this hotel? You bet!And, as a professional photographer, I took a few shots during my stay.All in all, a tremendous piece of history, restored and refurbished to today's standards.	
May 22 2009 	Amazing	Beautiful building. I had to switch rooms because of elevator noise... I suggest avoiding the rooms in the tower building that are multiples of 10 (20, 30, etc), because they're right next to the elevator. The staff (especially Jimmy) was very attentive and helpful, and moved me into another room. The beds are very comfortable, and the bathrooms are amazingly posh. Also has a great location right at the top of Nob Hill, so the views are incredible. This has to be one of my favorite SF hotels.	
May 20 2009 	Good time at the Fairmont	My friend and I stayed 3 nights at the Fairmont and would definately return. The room (2 queens) was plenty big, enormous walk in closet, well appointed bathroom. Nice view of the city from room 608. Room service was speedy, but quite expensive ($27 in food ended up costing $45 with tips, fees, taxes, etc). Reception was speedy, friendly, helpful. The concierge service was fabulous--tips, advice, tickets, anything our hearts desired. Baggage service took extra precautions with my lap top, and immediately produced our stuff when we needed our bags. The health club receptionist recommended I join the President's Club (------------, took about 2 minutes and they only wanted basic demographics). My President's Club number saved me the $10/day gym fee and the $13.95/day internet access fee. It also got me clean work out wear to borrow (I forgot my running shoes). The only service problem was waiting over an hour for a maid to bring me the shoes. I'm sure the rack rate is steep, but I would return to the hotel without a second thought if I could get a deal. The Tonga Room is a hoot--don't miss the rain storms with buffet and 1/2 price drinks at Happy Hour.	
May 20 2009 	Unbelievable gorgeous	We've stayed at Fairmonts before, and all have been luxurious, but this one WOWED us! The front lobby is so gorgeous--you feel you've entered another world with the soaring peaks of dark wood, marble, brass, luxurious velvet sofas and chairs, and fragrant flowers that scent this idyllic room. The front desk falls over itself to welcome you, and we were asked if we'd like a free upgrade to a better view of the city simply because he could offer it (we are members of the Fairmont frequent traveler club)! The rooms themselves were plush, with linens you felt you could float on--fluffy down comforters, tons of pillows. The carpeting was clean; walls, doors were scrubbed (no sticky handprints or someone else's toothpaste spray on the walls) marble floors and fixtures in the bathrooms. And the Tonga room was really fun--Polynesian drinks, an indoor &quot;rainstorm&quot; added to the charm. Too bad the band didn't play Polynesian/Hawaiian tunes instead of soft rock/oldies. Regardless, beautiful, lovely place, and we would definately stay there again. Beware of the parking fee--the daily fee is astronomical.	
May 13 2009 	Great Stay	We stayed at the Fairmont in April. Upon arriving we were given a very friendly greeting by the reception staff (who were always very helpful and polite), and upgraded from and inwards facing to an outwards facing room. Our room was very comfortable, with great views. It was always cleaned and all of the toiletaries replenished daily. It is also a great location for exploring San Francisco.The bar and restaurant was expensive, which is a shame as it really stops you from using them. There was coffee available early in the morning which we enjoyed as suffering from jet lag we were up at the crack of dawn and the coffee was very welcome.	
May 12 2009 	Great place small service	We stayed at The Fairmont in San Francisco at the beginning of May 2009 for 5 nights. The location (atop Nob Hill) is super and the hotel, you know, is in the history of the city. These are places where you can see the story of the country and everything in the hotel reminds you that a lot of things have happened here.The hotel's hall is full of style and fashion, with great decorations and furniture.But. The service is poor, or in any case not as great as you can expect from a place like this. The room service is even worst, with - for example - no soap replaced in 5 nights, very quick everyday setup and cleaning of the room, a general feeling of ordinary service. The Fairmont with all his story is now very similar to a business oriented hotel, and in fact during our permanence there was a big business convention. Speaking of business: the Internet connection costs 13 dollar for day, and the printing of a sheet of paper in the business center costs 4 dollar (I spent 20 dollar to print the flight boarding pass!).The breakfast is nice, served in a great location inside the hotel, but very expensive: 25 to 30 dollar for the continental buffet.We found a good deal on the Internet, so we spent for The Fairmont what we would have spent for a lower class hotel in San Francisco, but if you had to pay a full rate we can never recommend this hotel. If you can find a good deal, it could be a good idea to stay in this historical location.The rooms on the California's side can be noisy, because of the cable car. Some friend were in a suite in the tower, from where the view on the city and the bay is really superb.	
May 9 2009 	Wonderful hotel	I stayed here in May for a Business trip and a few extra days rnr.The Fairmont is something of an institution and packed full of history from the Earthquake to visiting Presidents &amp; celebrities. Certainly they have made a good job of creating displays of all the people who've been there throughout the hotelLikewise the lobby public area's of the hotel are spectacular and has all the touches you'd expect of a first class hotel. Its also well located on top of Nob Hill and has some great views out onto the Bay/surrounding area. Be aware as others have mentioned its at the top of the hill and some might find the going by foot a little challenging although there are plenty of cabs as well as the cable car outsideThe rooms are comfortable and decorated in the signature Fairmont style. So its a great hotel and if your budget can afford it wotha visitThe main criticism I had was the cost of the extra's. Even for a 5* Hotel these were very expensive. $10 to have a shirt cleaned by Laundry is steep imho and you really must join their President's club to gain free internet/gym use. Plus there are no tea/coffee facilities in the room. There is a trolley in the lobby for a few hours in the morning and the front desk told me that I could get coffee in the coffee shop but its a bit disappointing. If you're a jet-lagged brit like me a early-morning cup of coffee is essentialOtherwise well worth a stay	
May 8 2009 	So-so stay at Fairmont...	Just returned from a decent stay at The Fairmont. Honestly, it just didn't wow me. The room was fine, bed was comfortable, but there was nothing outstanding about this property. When you think The Fairmont, you typically expect outstanding, but this just wasn't. It was nice, it was fine, but there are countless other nicer options in San Fran for a fraction of the price. The building is beautiful, the staff is courteous. They had regular internet problems and even severely overcharged my internet usage which I'm currently dealing with them and my bank on... it happens... I wouldn't stay here again, but I can see how it would be a good option for some....and I would recommend it to some people if they absolutely needed to stay in Nob Hill, etc. but I personally don't see myself coming back.	
May 5 2009 	Perfect for One Night Stay!	I booked a room at the Fairmont at their cheapest rate of $120 a night. Considering I was in the City for just a night to shop for my wedding dress with a friend, I thought the rate was perfect for this type of hotel and it is located in Nob Hill, one of my favorite neighborhoods in the City. At that rate, I was not expecting a nice room: however, since I am a President's Club member, and I assume the hotel was not sold out, although there was a lot of activity during my stay, I was upgraded to a tower room on the 18th floor.Let me say, for $120 a night this was the best darn deal in town! I walked in to a glorious view of the city, I could see the Mark Hopkins Hotel from my room. As with most Fairmonts, the bedding was plush and decoration was nice. The bathroom was huge but it is time to upgrade from a single to double sink. I had no complaints about the room. However, when I came back towards the end of the night, there was a group of girls who were incredibly loud at 2am in the morning - I figure if the rooms weren't so cheap this type of situation would not happen at such an establishment. Overall, I had a good experience - the location may be a challenge for some because it is difficult to walk up or down the hill if you're not in shape, but it was a quick walk for me to Union Square. The staff is helpful and I wouldn't hesitate to return.	
May 5 2009 	Impressed me this time	I stayed at the Fairmont in San Francisco once before about eight years ago and had memories of outdated decor and paper-thin walls. I decided to give it another try for a recent overnight stay, enticed by a good rate, and was thoroughly impressed. Usually when I come into town I stay at the Campton Place hotel on Union Square, which I have always liked for being an upscale but smaller and more personal hotel with great value rates. While the location for the Campton Place is better (the Fairmont is at the top of Nob Hill and while it has stunning views it can be a bit of a hike to get someplace, or you need to take a taxi), I was impressed with the Fairmont this time around and would stay there again.I was given a beautiful, large renovated room on the 6th floor with a view of the garden courtyard and a distant view of the Transamerica Tower. There was not a problem with noise this time around and I did not hear anyone in the surrounding rooms. Room service was efficient and very good, and the quality of everything from the bed linens to the bathroom fixtures was very luxurious.Parking is expensive at $57 a day and I paid it because I needed access to my car for business appointments outside the city. If you can avoid it, you should, as getting a taxi was very easy through the nice doormen at the front of the hotel.The business center is accessable with your room key and has internet access, printers and fax machines. It has not been renovated like other areas of the hotel but I found it quite functional, albeit no frills.	
May 5 2009 	Fantastic even the cheapest room!	I stayed there in a small room without any interesting view through the window. But, this stay was obsolutely charming! (even I stayed only 1 quick night) I strongly recommend it to younger and older travellers. The rooms and overall hotel are very clean and inviting. We felt like in a castle... it's Fairmont, you know! However, very expensive parking... finally every extra-service were very costly.	
May 3 2009 	10 Year Wedding Anniversity Stay	My Wife and I stayed at this hotel for our tenth year Anniversity. We got upgraded to a Suite! OMG the suite was over 2000 sq ft with a nice bed and two nice showers! Paying $57/ day to park car I would think again if you really need a rental car. If you are comming in for Buz and staying a few days, take a taxi or shuttle. Hotel is close to everything but bring your running shoes! No pool but the have a good gym for free if you are a Presidents club member! Great hotel overall!!!	
Apr 22 2009 	Old world charm requiring some modernisation	The hotel's style, look and feel are that of sophistication and it is a great place to name drop if you are trying to impress those who know a bit about the hotels in the city. It has old world charm.The two things that did not make our stay as comfortable as it could have been were that the towels provided were relatively old and the shower heads in the bath and wet room were very low (I am 6ft and in my experience these shower heads were unusually low) resulting in me knocking my head at least twice. On one of the days, they forgot to leave wash cloths (but brought them on request) and on the first day took a while to bring extra clothing hangers which my wife had requested. Other than this, the staff were friendly and helpful.One thing I should highlight which relates more to the location of the hotel than to the hotel itself is that you will need to be fit enough to negotiate the hills to and from the hotel (or spend money on cabs and muni).	
Apr 22 2009 	Cost cutting affecting hotel?	We recently stayed at the Fairmont San Francisco, the chain's flagship site. This is our second stay at the hotel and we love the beautiful building, the history and the location. As usual, the front desk staff were wonderful and the room (The Bali Suite) was gorgeous. A special mention has to be made about the excellent work of the concierge desk, in particular Tommy, who worked hard to accommodate our constantly changing restaurant reservations. The only thing that took away from our experience was the housekeeping. Do not get me wrong, the room and the hotel in general is very clean, but little things kept adding up that make me wonder if perhaps there have been some cuts to the housekeeping department. For one, a lovely welcome tray with cheese, fruit and water was brought into our room the first night. Excellent! Unfortunately, it stayed there for the rest of our stay right in the middle of our living room (this was a big room service cart). I would have put it outside, but I became curious to see if anyone would move it. It was clearly finished with - half an apple and two empty water bottles. Then the little things - soap not replaced, no robes, small items left on the floor, no turn down service one night. When we returned one day from being out I thought the room hadn't been cleaned yet, until I realized the bed was made. The room was messy, but the bed had been made. It's not enough that I would give the hotel a bad review, but this is a nice and VERY expensive hotel that should do better. The last thing, and this is the one that bothered me most, was on our last morning before we checked out, we had the &quot;do not disturb sign&quot; on the door. I was packing up our last items (we still had two hours before check out) when there was a quick rap on the door and the maid walked right in. Then she stood there and asked when we were leaving. Totally unacceptable. We did discuss our concerns with the front desk staff and they were very professional and friendly about it. I would stay at this hotel again, but they need to be careful or we will begin looking elsewhere.	
Apr 19 2009 	Very Very noisy!!!	We stayed at the Fairmont San Francisco for three nights over Easter. We arrived early and were given a room right away. This was wonderful. The room was spacious and well decorated. After a long day of sight seeing, we came back to our room for a good night's sleep. The room was so so noisy- we could hear people talking in the room next to ours and I could even hear the phone ring in the neighbouring room. After a terrible night's sleep, we asked to switch rooms because ours was too noisy. Concierge was not suprised at all and told us that they get that complaint all the time. They gave us a new room but could not guarantee that it would be better in terms of noise. Our new room was a little bit better with respect to noise but same thing- we could hear people talking in the next room. Overall, I was very disappointed in this hotel and would not return!! Given that me and my husband are only 32 years old and not light sleepers- this is definitely saying something about the quality of this hotel!	
Apr 16 2009 	Comfortable stay in a Great Location	We stayed here for 3 nights and really enjoyed it. We had a deluxe room in the new tower building on the 10th floor. We arrived at 1pm (2 hours before the official check in time). I had booked a room with 2 twin beds and this was not ready yet which we were not surprised about. We were offered a king bed room which was ready immediately but we decided to wait for the room with 2 beds which we were told would be ready in half a hour. I had returned the car to the rental company and a good job as it costs $57 a night to park at the hotel. We were in the room soon after and a great room it was. The tower building is a little walk from the lobby but for the view from the room it was worth it - fab city views. A big bathroom with huge shower and bath though the safe is not big enough to fit a laptop. I had joined the presidents club prior to arrival (free to join from the Fairmont website) and this gave us free internet access.We headed straight out and found the cable car stop right outside. This was one of the best things about the hotel - a fab location. Not in the hustle and bustle of fishermans wharf or union square but within easy reach as all 3 cable car lines stop at the hotel.Very comfortable beds and good maid service. The hotel dry cleaned a sweater for me while we were there, done very quickly over the Easter weekend. Also very quick to come and collect our bags when we were checking out.We had swopped our disney vacation club points for the stay so no cost to us but the location alone would have been worth paying although it is not a very personal experience as the hotel is so big.	
Apr 14 2009 	Yawn.	The Fairmont San Francisco prides itself on being a world-class hotel. And while the rooms are large, and the lobby fancy, it lacks the wow factor of true world class hotels. While the George V in Paris and Claridge’s in London leave guests standing at the lobby open-mouthed, this induces nothing more than a shrug. It’s a nice, large hotel. But that’s honestly all I can say about it.	
Apr 9 2009 	Classy Landmark hotel on top of Nob Hill	When you see The Fairmont hotel, you think this is a place only meant for royalty. The service is what you would expect from such a hotel. The rooms are nice and the view is breathtaking. It's a 10 minute steep walk to Union Square but that's ok. We even had a stroller with us. We had a good deal with Hotels.com and paid around EUR 100 per night. Should we have paid the normal rate, then we would have chosen another hotel. We personally really liked to stay in Nob Hill and not in the busy area around Union Square. From the hotel, it's a nice walk to Pacific Heights which is also a very nice neighbourhood.	
Mar 26 2009 	Fantastic hotel	My family of four (two adults, two teens aged 14 and 17) stayed at the Fairmont for 5 nights in March. I researched a number of hotels before we left but, great views of the bay being a priority, narrowed it down to the Fairmont and the Mandarin Oriental. It was a great choice of hotel. The location, on top of Nob Hill, means that the views from the tower rooms are great - access wise, the fact that it's on top of a hill is no big deal since the Powell cable car line goes right past the hotel straight to the Union Square shops. I liked being away from the hussle and bustle of Union Square but having easy access to it, nonetheless. I joined the President's Club before I went - good idea! Free access to the health club, gym wear for &quot;club level&quot; members for $10 (nice Adidas stuff including runners which was refreshed for me during my stay), and complementary internet access. We got two adjoining Signature rooms for $175 each through Expedia. These rooms were $300+ each, regular price, so we had a very comfortable and roomy stay, with fantastic views from the 12th floor over the bay, Alcatraz, Coit Tower and a peek at the Golden Gate Bridge. The bathrooms were lovely, lots of hot water in the showers!I would not hesitate to stay here again - it's wonderful!	
Mar 25 2009 	Girls night out in SF	My sister and I spent a night at the Fairmont for a much needed Girls Night Out. Excited to get into the city we arrived a little early. The room was empty but had not yet been cleaned. Our plan was to place the car in the Hotel lot and start to enjoy the city. The person at the front desk asked us to wait a moment and returned with 2 cards for a free cocktail for the inconvenience!!! We went through the beautiful lobby to the bar and found a very friendly bartender that welcomed us warmly, engaging us in conversation, again another very friendly employee. We then wet out to enjoy the city.After touring the city we came back to the hotel and completed the check in proceedure. Our room, while in the older section of the hotel, was magnificent! Beds were comfortable, the shower felt like you were standing under a waterfall. Very relaxing. After freshening up, we went to the Tonga room, having been there before I could not wait to see if it had changed in the last 20 years. As we entered the restraunt, the memories came flooding back....what a treat!!! Great service, tasty drinks and wonderful atmosphere.  Later in the evening we ventured across the street to the &quot;Top of the Mark&quot; at the Mark Hopkins Hotel....Although the view was incomparable, we learned that service is not at the top of the list of priorities there! People were rude and not helpful or welcoming at all!!! We almost ran back to the Fairmont to the place that was &quot;home&quot; for the night. The food was amazing! If you have EVER wanted to have Kobe beef, try the Kobe burger available at the bar! Fantastic!!! And the cocktail called the &quot;San Fransisco Cable Car&quot; WOW! YUMMY!!! With all that said, It barely touches how wonderful the service and the experience of staying here was! From the smiling faces of the doormen, the front desk personel, the bartenders, housekeeping, room service, everyone was warm, friendly and helpful. I WILL CERTAINLY COME BACK TO THE FAIRMONT!!! And I encourage everyone heading to San Francisco to give the Fairmont a try....you will love it too!!	
Mar 13 2009 	A dream!	Fairmont hotels are excellent but this one was even better than that. Outstanding service and we were upgraded to a suite (our initial choice) with an incredible view.	
Mar 2 2009 	Huge Comfortable Rooms but shabby tired looking	My friend and I stayed at the Fairmont San Francisco for 3 nights in January. We absolutely loved the hotel's stunning architectural features and the spacious, oversized rooms. We booked at a very low rate on Expedia so we expected a less than spectacular room. We were given a room with a view directly into the Mark Hopkins across the street. The room was quiet, with a large flat screen TV and the beds were absolutely fantastic.The decor was nice, but the carpets stained, furniture chipped and scratched, walls showing luggage marks, paint chipping, and the bathroom really needed a make over. The wall paper was peeling, there was rust on the vents, and the sink area was way too small for such a large space. The hotel gym was nice and spacious, but the $15 daily surcharge was absurd. We also skipped the overpriced breakfast. Overall, a wonderful stay but would probably not stay here again. The hotel has seen better days and has a shabby feel to it. It really does not feel like a luxury property and more like a very good, 3 star hotel.	
Feb 28 2009 	What a place!	Just went back to the fairmont..after 20 years!!! It was as wonderful as it was then! The rooms as beautiful , checkin was done by the dearest young man and I was up graded to a wonderful room.Very pleased with my entire stay!	
Feb 28 2009 	Great Service At A Grand Hotel	The Fairmont SF is what so many other hotels aspire to, but fall short. It is a grand hotel that has maintained its elegance. Service is impeccable, from the moment you step onto the property. Service is outstanding and dignified. The rooms are up to date and tasteful. The views are incredible. A couple of things to keep in mind. The Fairmont is located on the top of Nob Hill. That means great views but it also means that there is limited ability to walk from the hotel to Union Square, Chinatown, North Beach, etc. While those locations may look close on a map, they are at the bottom of very (emphasis on very) steep and long hills. A multi-day cable car pass is very useful since all of the 3 cable car lines run right by the hotel and they will get you to the main sites in SF.And Nob Hill does not have a wide selection of restaurants, making travel off of the hill necessary.And yes, the hotel does have restaurants, but be ready to pay for the location. (Breakfast starts around $20-25 and goes up from there.)These are not complaints or criticisms, just some insights on how to maximize your enjoyment while staying at a grand, world-class hotel.	
Feb 27 2009 	Saddened. Not the hotel we once saw on television.	I reserved a room at the Fabulous Fairmont, because one, I recall the Television show HOTEL. I assumed that the 4 star hotel would be gorgeous. The Lobby was, our reservation though was not. The upgraded my fiance' and I to a better room they said. We go to our UPGRADE, It has a great view and the room is set up nice. Then my eyes focus. Holes in the sheets on the Duvet and my pillow. The floor was stained, and upon using the restroom the light above the sink was out. My fiance' turned on the shower, and we realized the bathroom was missing something, THE BATH. It was a shower room. I called downstairs and they said it was a handicap room. Mind you, we are both not handicap, very odd. As I go in to tell fiance' the floor of the bathroom is just flooded. The drain and the shower floor angle isnt doing a very good job. Our floor mat is sopping wet. Then she has me look in the shower, Mold on the seat, mildew on the curtain! If I wanted to see that Id go in my own bathroom.We told the downstairs and they did not offer a room switch.We went and looked at the salon, looks like a run down old lady salon, and the night club was snooty. Oddly enough because even though we were guests and went to the bar the people at the door kept reminding us to pay our cover before we left. It made me feel like they thought we were bums.	
Feb 21 2009 	What A Treat	We stayed in a clean and comfortable room with gorgeous views and a huge bathroom. We received excellent customer service throughout the hotel, from the front desk to the concierge to the car rental counter to the restaurant. Restaurant was a little pricey but food and service were great. Hotel has a great central location (although the walk back up the hill is a killer!) Easily one of the best large hotels we have stayed at. Would definitely stay here again...it was worth every penny!	
Feb 18 2009 	Fairmont Hotels always satisfying in every aspect~!	This hotel, is just amazing! Honestly dollar for dollar I don't think I could've asked for more. The check in was incredible fast and convienent, not too mention the front desk being very friendly. I've stayed in Fairmonts before and just like the others the room was great. The sheets/bedding was second to none, I didn't want to leave it was so comfortable. The view was also very nice. The concierge was more than helpful when my girlfriend left her cell phone behind, promptly fedex'ng it to us the same day! I don't want to stay anywhere other than Fairmonts from now on. One thing I would like to add, if you have trouble walking this probably isn't the best place to stay. It essentially at the top of the hill and it's pretty far from anywhere decent (shopping/dining). The cable car will get you into the action at $5 a way or $11 for the day. It seemed to take forever for them to come sometimes or they were filled to the top. I would suggest venturing into Chinatown for their great deals. For only $1.88 you can get some pretty cool t-shirts. My NUMBER ONE suggestion is, if you're planning on going to Alcatraz, PREBOOK it thru their website. It is almost impossible to get tickets the day of or two days before. I learned the hard way and paid 2 times as much thru a place down there. Make sure you go to Fishermans Wharf and try the mini donuts (please share with the sea lions lol).	
Feb 17 2009 	lovely valentine's weekend	we were offered a huge suite in the main building but it felt a little dated and had no view. so we asked to be moved to the tower with a view and despite it being a holiday weekend, they were gracious enough to accomodate us with a great room with a scenic view. the room was clean, nice decor, big updated bathroom (finally a hotel with good water pressure in the shower), and very comfy bed &amp; linens. a regular room in the newer tower versus the large one bedroom suite in the main was an easy trade off. very helpful &amp; friendly bell staff. we did think the parking was highway robbery at $50 per night plus the undisclosed $7 per night tax. all in all a truly memorable stay.	
Feb 3 2009	What a Treat	We spent one wonderful night here. There was one error on our bill in the morning, but the front desk staff took care of it quickly. Everything was excellent.	
Feb 3 2009 	Disappointing	We arrived at the Fairmont at 11pm after a long delayed flight. The reception advised us that as we were on honeymoon they would give us the best available room, but said that as we were so late in checking in the best rooms were gone - We made our booking 12 months in advance and had stated that we would be on honeymoon!!! We were shocked when we entered the room as it certainly didn't appear to be a 4* hotel room. The room didn't look like it had been refurbished since the hotel opened and the chair looked so unclean I didn't want to sit on it. The pole on the headboard of the bed was broken and so my husband went to complain as we felt it was unsafe.We were moved to the room next door which was smaller but much cleaner and were told that they would upgrade us the next day. The next night we were upgraded to a room in the tower block with an amazing view. It was a much nicer, refurbished room but the bed linen still had a couple of holes in it!If we returned to San Fransisco we would not stay at the Fairmont as the standard of the rooms are not consistent. The standard of the orignal room was not acceptable and it was not cheap! We paid a high price to stay in this hotel and expected high quality. The staff were not particularly helpful (we waited half an hour for housekeeping to provide a hairdryer and the concierge were completely disinterested when asked directions). We felt that the hotel was more geared towards business customers rather than tourists.	
Jan 27 2009 	Nice Hotel - Good Location	The Fairmont looks very beautiful from the outside and has a very impressive lobby. The rooms however are quite small, but are pretty nicely furnished. The staff weren't all that helpful during any stage of our stay. The hotels location for shopping and catching the bus or tram is great. I can highly recommend an evening in the Tonga Room. We didn't eat there but the cocktails are good and the floating band and thunder storms make it good fun. Overall a pretty good stay, but I would not say it was a 5* hotel or offers 5* service. 4* would be more appropriate.	
Jan 21 2009 	Nice Stay with Hiccups	We were originally booked to stay in the main building of the Fairmont SF, which has a great old world quality though some areas could use some fresh paint. On our first night, I was awakened when my traveling companion took a very early morning shower and found the shower would not turn off. After an hour or so of maintanence trying to fix the problem, I requested we be moved to a new room. We were promptly moved to another room in the tower with an amazing view of the Bay. Though the tower rooms lack the old world charm and square footage of those in the main building, they have nicer bathrooms and seem to have been painted more recently.Having lived in the Bay Area for 4 years, I had always wanted to stay at the Fairmont and enjoyed my stay, though in all honesty, were I to recommend a hotel in San Francisco, I would say the new Intercontinental on Howard St. is preferable.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great visit!	The Fairmont matched a special rate that Expedia was having on the Fairmont. Loved our main building suite! Excellent beds! Don't go to the Tonga room unless you are in a big group. Not many people there and not worth the fee to get in. Great service throughout the hotel!!! You can walk anywhere from the hotel, but you will probably need a taxi to get back up the hill!!!Restaurants: The Big Four is across the street and i love it for it's ambiance , bar atmosphere with piano player! Great food! Joe DiMaggio's Italian Chophouse (*north beach): Beautiful place! You can go for a great bar scene, big steaks or inexpensive pizza's! Excellent service! Tadich Grill (able to walk to): Great clam chowder but rather expensive otherwise! Eat at the bar and enjoy a fun lunch! Boulevard is also nice.....as well as Bob's Steakhouse and you can walk to Bob's. House of Nanking is great for lunch...cheap....but go early for lunch...long lines! It's On Kearny, easy walk! Take the ferry to Tiburon or Sausalito. In Tiburon, Guaymas Restaurant is great. Request a table on the windows! Stuffed Chile Poblanos...excellent! This ia good half day adventure if the weather is nice. If you are a shopper, make sure you go to Customer Service in Macy's and Bloomingdales...show your room key...and you can get a extra 12% discount on anything you buy in the stores..even if it's already on sale. Looking for a cheap, strong drink and extremely bizarre mix of people...go to Tunnel Top. Just a short stroll from hotel. Not for the suits.....or older ladies. I like to people watch...and get a kick out of this place. Top of the Mark is fun for dancing as well as Harry Denton's at St. Francis.	
Jan 19 2009 	Depends on your room overall very nice but expensive	This is my 3rd stay so I will take some time and pass along some feedback. Impt: this is a beautiful historic hotel and rooms are in either the main building or the NEW tower. It really depends on your taste....I prefer a new room that is renovated vs. a more dated suite. So when you make your reservations ask what they are giving you!I chose a new room and I booked reservations directly with the toll free number at Fairmont ..however when I arrived at 9pm after a long flight they tried to put me a room that faced a concrete wall in old section of hotel. After 2 days and 5 people I finally got moved to the tower, 8th floor corner room and enjoyed the rest of my stay. On a previous trip we stayed in the tower &quot;Del Monte&quot; 1 bedroom suite..wow!!! gorgeous views , more $ but it was well worth it. PROS: - historic, beautiful main lobby areas - great brunch on sundays- close to public transportation - nice extra for the adidas fitness program, for a nominal fee you can pre order shoes, top, shorts and and MP3 player. - views fantastic (again depending on where you are) - lobby bar had good food and nice live piano musicCONS:- very $$$$ room service (no surprise as it is fairmont) but breakfast of toast and coffee for1person $45 is not right. - service at front desk not great and we are presidents club so expected better... it was very frustrating. - no wifi ...only plug in and not free unless you join presidents club first (saves you $10 a day) - fitness centre very small- no spa onsite- Tonga restaurant was awful!!! The worst tasting (and overpriced) food I have ever eaten. Surroundings I thought would be fun but actually was quite tacky. Used to be the hotel's swimming pool....	
Jan 2 2009 	Fabulous Fairmont!	Stayed at the Fairmont for four nights as the first leg of a recent west coast holiday. The building itself is imposing and magnificent on the eye and the service of the staff was first class throughout our stay. We booked on a bed and breakfast basis and found the buffet to be of the very highest quality with service to match from the friendly and efficient staff. This is an absolute must if staying at this hotel even if you have to pay the $35 per head they normally charge. One down side particularly for the elderly or infirm is the properties location. Its sits atop Nob hill and is surrounded by very steep banks about 1 mile from the attractions of Union Square and Fishermans wharf. The cable car stops nearby but was regularly full especially for the return journey back up the hill and at $5 one way was a touch expensive. All in all first class and highly recommended	
Jan 1 2009 	Fairmont is worth the price!	We spent several nights at the Fairmont this past June and had a wonderful time. As members of the Disney Vacation Club we used our points to book the stay. I was somewhat nervous regarding the large number of points per night it was costing me, but was very pleased once we arrived. The hotel sits on top of a hill halfway in between Union Square and the Warf. As well, there are two cable car lines that run past on either side of the hotel. Recently renovated, the lobby is amazing! And a spectacular looking restaurant is adjoining. We didn't dine in the restaurant, it appeared too formal for our dining needs that week. We checked in and went to our spacious room, with a walk in closet that was larger than some hotel rooms. After a few minutes in the room we noticed a loud child next door. We disregarded the noice and went off to an excursion we had planned. Upon our return the child was throwing a temper tantrum and I knew this was going to put a damper on our stay. We called the front desk and within 3 minutes there was a gentleman at our door with keys to a different room! Both rooms had a wonderful view of the city and the bay in the background. The hotels reputation exceeds itself which you will find when someone asks you where you are staying and you reply with the Fairmont. My only dislike was that there wasn't a coffee maker in the room and it was rather expensive to get it delivered to the room, understandable for the style of hotel. But a block or two away is a small restaurant where you can get your fix and breakfast crepes for a bargain. Though the rates for this hotel are on the higher end, the money is well spent for the luxurious stay you will experience. I highly recommend!	
Jan 1 2009 	Terrific Hotel	I stayed 3 nights at the Fairmont Hotel in late December for work and vacation. I got a room with a Bay view. The whole stay was terrific. The room was large and very clean, great bathroom. Super view, and the service was excellent. I also twice ate the breakfast buffet was very fresh and tasty. The hotel itself is an attraction, viz. the grand historic lobby, and it is also very well situated--20-25 min walk to North Beach, a few minute walk to financial district, Chinatown etc. I've stayed at a number of very nice hotels in different countries and this hotel is my favorite. I look forward to my next stay.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great views from upgraded room	Loved our stay here because of our great upgraded room (Signature Room) with sweeping bay views from Alcatraz to the Golden Gate Bridge. We got a good deal through Expedia but really I don't think the hotel is worth the high prices it charges. It's nice that it's on two cable car lines but for shopping it was more of a pain to have to go back up to the top of Nob hill to drop off our purchases and ended up lugging everything around for several hours instead. Had we stayed in Union Square this would have worked out much better for shopping. On my next visit I will stay in Union Square.	
Nov 28 2008	Great Old World Hotel!	Once again we took a week in one of our favorite U.S. cities. Spur of the moment, we booked the day before and got the deal of the century, directly from the hotel! Odd, as all our faves were full and it was one of the only nice places available. This was our first time staying at this posh old-world &quot;destination&quot;. Besides getting a greatly reduced rate, we received $100.00 to spend anywhere in the hotel (we drank it up in the bar, ;-) ), a nice bottle of Champagne with chocolate dipped strawberries delivered to our room and a commemorative book celebrating 100 years of this historical landmark.What really made it odd was the receptionist was also amazed at the deal we received. “Wow, how long ago did you book this package?” “Yesterday.” “You’re kidding! We are full and actually having to take some guests to other hotels.” (shrug)We had a room in the tower. It was certainly large enough for our week’s visit and well appointed. Bathroom included a shower as well as a large tub and a fantastic view. I spotted some minor things in the lobby area that could be taken care of but nothing of consequence. The location is fabulous but you have to remember you are at the top of Nob Hill, so there is always that climb for the walker (we walk everywhere). Considering that however, you are in the middle of everything the city has to offer.We would not hesitate to make the Fairmont home again, if we could afford it! We truly lucked out. Thank you Fairmont!	
Nov 23 2008 	Wonderful respite on top of Nob Hill	I am a fan of Fairmonts in general, and though the brand is not absolutely consistent, it has often delivered high quality service and physical facilities. The Fairmont SFO is no exception. A very nice property and generally courteous and professional service.Location is great. It's right on top of Nob Hill, so the view is quite spectacular. I was in the Tower, and my room had a harbour view, which means I could see Alcatraz from my room. At night the lights of the city below are quite enticing.I was in SFO for business in the Union Square area, which is only a quarter of a mile from the hotel. But because the hotel is up on the hill, it's away from the noise and crowds below. I consider the location of the Fairmont to be ideal -- close enough to things but a place to escape to after.But it's on a hill. A steep one to boot. I like walking, but still going up gets tough especially if you do it two or three times a day. Of course you can also do the cable car, or take a cab. But I thought the walk would do me good after all the nice good in the city.The room is spacious. It's called a deluxe room in the Tower. Marble bathroom. Separate shower and tub. Miller Harris toliteries as usual. Bathrobes, etc.Large Flat screen TV, though reception is a bit iffy. No stereo equipment, other than an IPOD docking station/alarm clock. No coffee/tea making equipment in the room -- this is disappointment, since I have always enjoyed a cup of their nice Fairmont selection of teas in my rooms.Electronic safe in room, which is very nice. A/C works, if not extremely powerful, it is effective enough. Good closet space, though if you have a lot of overcoats etc it may become a bit cramped.Room in very good condition. I encountered none of the worn out conditions that some other reviewers mentioned. As is, my room, at least, does not even need a reno job. It's nice enough for a Fairmont.Breakfast in the Laurel Court. It's included in my rate. Very wide selection of foods for breakfast buffet. $28 per person. Given what's available and the quality, it's a bargain. I did not have other meals at the hotel.The lobby is probably the grandest part of the hotel. Impressive.All in all, a very nice hotel. If I go back to SFO, I'll definitely check out this hotel first.	
Nov 18 2008 	Kind of Oldish	I like Fairmont hotels. This was not my favorite. The hotel seemed in need of a remodel. We had a suite which was nice and clean, but the bathroom had mold in it. I think that is just not good when you are staying somewhere to see mold and mildew. We had a nice balcony. The food was pretty bad and the selection of restaurants were even worse. The location was good and central. I stayed here to attend a wedding so it served its purpose.	
Nov 14 2008	really fullfilled expectations	Terrible flight from the UK, really tired. Took a shared shuttle and was last to be dropped off. And what a lovely surprise to see this wonderful hotel.My room was adequate and olde world as well as quiet and i really needed to sleep. However I was disppointed that there was no tea or coffee facility.Room service was extortionate so I just slept. The next day I found a really good cafe in the basement which i could get to by a back lift. They do great coffee and fruit salad which is a great alternative to the divine experience which is the Fairmont buffet breakfast. This was the greatest breakfast I have ever had to pleasure to devour.The concierge was helpful and a little dismissive., he had no great recommendations. The hotel felt like a refuge where I was safe and well looked after and it was central for galleries, shops,markets and other restaurants. It was wonderful and I would love to return one day with my partner for a romantic rendezvous.	
Nov 10 2008 	Classy Old Dame that sits on the top of Nob Hill	We (family of four) stayed at the wonderful Fairmont at the end of October 08,We got a super deal through Hotels.com but took the (non pushy)receptionists advice about upgrading our rooms.She was very helpful (I can't recall her name but I do recall she was in a Witches costume for Halloween!) and upgraded our boys to the 4th floor in the tower without charge and charged us $60 per night upgrade to the 20th floor in the tower which gave us breathtaking views of San Fran Bay/Alcatraz/The Golden Gate Bridge, a treat not to be missed!From the time that our taxi pulled up at the front door we really felt like we were truly appreciated as Guests by all the Hotel Staff,the wonderful classical Hotel reception is a very welcome alternative to today's modern hotels where one hotel is just like the last one you stayed in ,this beautiful building is exceptional and full of history, you will have great fun in reading the captions under the photographs that line the corridors, this all adds to the uniqueness of the Fairmont.!While the building is really wonderful it would be nothing without the exceptional staff.	
Nov 8 2008 	The "Queen of Nob Hill" Continues to Reign	My partner and I stayed at the Fairmont SF over Halloween weekend and both of us couldn't be more pleased with our experience. I personally have stayed at the Fairmont multiple times prior, but the last time was 6 years ago, so this experience seemed new to me as well. Everything and everyone we encountered at the Fairmont was first class. The timeless elegance of the Grand Lobby envelopes you in opulence without feeling stiff or too cold. Our arrival was processed swiftly and efficiently and we were ensconced in our room with our luggage within 10 minutes of walking through the doors, even though we arrived over 2 hours prior to the official check in time. I'm a member of the President's Club, so we were upgraded without asking to a corner room on the 9th floor of the Tower Building, which was just fine with us. I personally would rather have the breathtaking views of the Bay and Coit Tower out of one set of windows and the SOMA district out of the others. The concierge was extremely attentive and helpful with every request as were the room service attendants that we came in contact with. The hotel is located in a great location to traverse the city via any of the many forms of public transit available. The Fairmont truly is a wonderful hotel to stay at whether it be for a special occasion or just a &quot;get away from it all&quot; weekend. I cannot recommend it highly enough. We will surely be returning here when we come back to beautiful San Francisco again.	
Nov 4 2008 	Great Stay	We have booked The Fairmount hotel through travel agent, she got us a great deal for a standard room. Upon arrival hotel staff upgraded it for a room in the tower. the room was great with magnificent veiw of the bay, the only problem was they gave us the smoking room, we both non-smokers so the smell was unbearable. We asked them to change the room but hotel was completly booked, so they offer us the air cleaning machine and let us run it for the entire lenght of the trip, which was very nice of them. Its a great historic hotel with a very beatiful lobby, the cafe downstaris have the best coffe and crossants. i whould stay here again but I whould wait for a deal.	
Oct 26 2008 	Unbelievable Stay	We got an unbelievable deal through Travelzoo.com for $179/night...which ended up including the best breakfast buffet I have ever had....french toast with bananas foster for topping, eggs benedict, omelette station, etc. Basically I feel like I got the room for free. They upgraded us to suite 715 upon our late arrival...for free as I had joined their rewards club when I originally booked the hotel a few months ago. All of the staff was very nice. I had no complaints at all. I would surely go back. And the lobby was beautiful. Excellent stay.	
Oct 25 2008 	Best Spot to Stay in San Francisco	San Francisco is a great city with so much going for it one doesn't always focus on where they stay. However this year I found the best!! deal on expedia that introduced us to the Fairmont on Nob Hill. The locaion of the hotel might deter some as you are always climbing back up the hill to get home. However we love walking so that was a bonus and it is central to everywhere. The beautiful lobby provides a tremendous first impression to this historical hotel. Our room faced an inner court with no view but the room was extremely well decorated, meticulously cleaned , well equipped with anything you needed and quiet. We have travelled to this city many times and love it. The people are friendly and the staff of this hotel were no exeption they were tremendous. A hint for breakfast - great coffee in the downstairs small cafe by the cable car stop (busy but worth the wait for the coffee). Saturday morning you can walk down to the market - it was wonderful. Lots of great restaurants close by.Highly recommend this hotel!	
Oct 23 2008 	Great Base for San Fran--Parking is OUTRAGEOUS!	The Fairmont is a gorgeous historic property. We had a room on the second floor (though I requested higher floor) with a king bed and a view of the financial district. Our bed was comfy and the room felt pretty spacious. Bathroom was nice with Miller Harris toiletries! There may have been A/C in the room, but we could not tell if it was working. Fortunately, it was not too hot in SanFran while we were there...if we wanted to open our windows to the breeze (which, surprisingly, we could do on the second floor--no screens or bars!), we also had to listen to the trolley bells until about midnight as well as traffic. Beware that the valet parking costs $50 a night! With taxes, it came to about $64/night--absolutely outrageous! We normally don't have a car with us in the city, as we prefer to take taxis and walk everywhere, but we had been traveling south of the city before this and decided to just keep the car until going back to the airport. In other words, we paid $64/night to park our car and still paid to take taxis to dinner, etc. Do yourself a favor if you're staying within the city proper--don't rent a car! If you decide to venture out of the city for a day, rent a car from one of the &quot;city&quot; locations and return it the same afternoon. If you do have to drive in, the garage around the corner charges the same, so don't even bother looking elsewhere, you are a captive audience. Also, we noticed that the staff (and even the concierge) did not seem to have very strong opinions about the best places to dine or go for nightlife. We had done some preliminary research on Zagat and Citysearch, so had a fair idea of what we wanted, but when we had had enough fine dining and we were looking for a good &quot;local's&quot; perspective on a place to grab a good burger and a decent draft beer, they looked at us like we were aliens. For the pleasure of staying in a great location (be prepared for the &quot;hike&quot; back up the hill from anywhere you go--the way out is easy, the way back is EXERCISE!) with elegant surroundings, if you can get a good price in pricey SanFran, the Fairmont is a good deal (we got a corporate rate) and a memorable property. From a service standpoint, however, we were not really impressed and would not have paid full price for this experience.	
Oct 22 2008	Beautiful!	This hotel is big and grand and has ornate features and an old charming style. Some peices throughout (wall paper, furniture) could use and update but overall it's really a great property. The location at the top of Nob Hill is nice - those hills really get you when you're walking up though! The Crown Room at the top of the hotel has amazing views of the whole city. Bathrooms are small, lots of rooms have just one double or queen size bed, there are nice flat screen tv's and bose radios and the suite I had had a huge balcony with lots of furniture which was great to relax on. I would definitley return.	
Oct 5 2008 	Perfect Hotel	We stayed at the Fairmont for four nights as part of our honeymoon and had a fantastic time. The Fairmont is a fab hotel, historic, beautiful decor, great food and great location. It has all of these without being pretentious. The staff there are exteremely helpful and professional and add to the lovely atmosphere of the hotel. A tip for a bit of fun is book a meal in the The Tonga Restaurant in the hotel, beautiful thai food with a rainstorm about every half hour!! All ages will enjoy this. The location is also perfect as the cable cars stop directly outside the hotel so if you don't fancy the hills this will make life easier. Next time I am in San Fran I will most definitely stay in The Fairmont.	
Oct 4 2008 	Excellent but...	Superb, characterful hotel - old, but refurbished in style. I agree with other comments that the lobby is stunning but this is not continued throughout. The room was very good with huge, comfortable bed, desk and a couple of armchairs. Bathroom was very nice but small. Soundproofing was definitely a problem - both out to the hallway and between rooms. Breakfast was included in our deal and was to a very high standard, although as mentioned elsewhere, it did feel a little formal. Parking was $50 + tax/day! If you can afford to eat in I'm sure it would be very nice, but for the rest of us go to Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 and sit down at the Pier Market. Wonderful, fresh food at a reasonable cost	
Oct 3 2008	Very nice!	Warning; They charge an extortionate Daily parking fee of $50 plus 14% tax so beware. Checking in slow but very friendly and with an exceptional lobby area. Rooms are as you would expect for a 5* hotel with the added luxury of what I can only describe as a sumptuous bed.On the negative side being an old building you can easily hear people through the corridors and with the obligatory loud American voice especially at 6am it can get very frustrating, oh and did I mention the parking fee of $50 a day? Other than that well worth a stay.I must recommend to eat at David’s Deli just down the road on Geary Street. For lunch a little expensive but superb, and for dinner THE PIER MARKET on pier 39 does excellent reasonably priced fish.	
Oct 1 2008 	If this is #30 - Can't Imagine The Other 29	Fellow Travellers,Fairmont in San Fran was the last stop on our 5 hotel trip in California (1. Fairmont Miramar, 2. Inn of the Spanish Garden, 3. Intercontinental The Clement, 4. Napa Valley Lodge).First off, the Fairmont holds arguably one of the better locations in the city, right atop Nob Hill - great unless you have to walk up this hill a few times. So my first suggestion is to get a 3-day (or however many days your staying) pass for all transit and use it! It will save your feet. Two major cable car lines go right past the hotel.The hotel is certianly one of the most historic in San Fran, and the walls inside are fairly tastefully plastered with lots of memorabilia to remind you of this.The lobby is quite spectacular, with tons of marble and seating, all very old world style. Staff were wonderful with one notable exception - Rick. Rick was completely unhelpful both times I had the misfortune of trying to seek assistance at the front desk. Just avoid him and you will be fine!We initially had a room on the 14th floor, and the staff was happy to move us up to the top floor (23) the next day - so we had a spectacular view of the bay, including Alcatraz and the bridge.The Tower room was very nice, well kept with spacious bathroom completely swathed in marble. Seperate tub and glass shower - all the amenities you would expect.Beds exceptionally comfortable, staff all great (except Rick) and great location made for a memorable stay. Since I have a corporate rate, and also Fairmont President Club status was able to get an upgrade at a great price. Highly recommend the Fairmont President Club - one of the best in the industry in my humble opinion - and only 5 stays to get Gold status! This is nothing for business travellers.Would definitely stay here again. Only downside is, as with most large hotels, the price of food onsite is outrageous. I used my $50 food certificate for breakfast on the last day, and that did not even cover the full cost!! I have no problem paying $200- $300 for a great dinner at a top scale restaurent, but the idea of paying $60 for breakfast just spins me around. You can get a perfectly good breakfast sandwich, with large latte at Starbucks for $6.50. Nothing justifes 10x that.Wonderful historic hotel, great location (despite the climb to get there), great staff (except Rick), wonderful room and bath - no problem recommending this hotel. It should be higher on the list - in Top 15 I would think. Wish I had the time and money to hit the otgher 30 San Francisco hotels if they are all BETTER than the Fairmont - that would be something.End of hotels reviews for this trip (whew!), but now I have like twice as many restaurent reviews to write. All for a good cause fellow travellers.	
Sep 24 2008 	Great Hotel	Our room was huge and very nice. The view was great. The staff were very nice and treated us great! I was surprised how well kept the hotel was for its age. I would not hesitate to stay again. Great location too!	
Sep 9 2008 	The Fairmont SF is a Historical Wonder!	First and foremost, we got an amazing deal via hotels.com for about $200 a night for a 800 sq ft, 2 room suite - THE LUXOUMBERG SUITE. I went to the Fairmont website to see what these rooms would have been if I booked direct and it was a whopping $550 a night. We were in the Main Building and I would have loved the views from the new tower, but what it lacked in views it made up in style, comfort and amenities. Just wandering the hotel, you get this great feeling of oppulance, history, and wealth. I heard some weird fact that every US President from FDR that has visited SF has always stayed in the Fairmont. I can certainly see why. The lobby is not trendy, or sexy, but it is grand and full of the finest marble. There must be 15 different little couch areas to just to sit with a drink or wait for someone. Please promise me you will visit the in-house TONGA ROOM bar and restaurant, at least for a drink. It's quite a scene! Great place to have a Mai Tai before you head out. There is this feature where they make it rain and a band plays on a moving boat. I felt like I was really in Tahiti. (even though I had never been) Also worth a drink is the Top of the Mark Bar and Lounge right across the street in the Intercontinental hotel. One minute I had amazing views of all of SF, and the next minute we were encompassed in fog. Do like I did and sign up for the President's Club for free, before you check inn. It will get you free internet, gym usage, and a daily paper. You can do it at the Fairmont website. My only problem and it's not the hotels fault, is those darn hills! Some say it adds character to the city; I simply find it annoying. I'm 28 and in decent shape and I was huffing and puffing when returning from a dinner of bar around the area. They are more like little mountains. I felt like I was a Sherpa at time's with my wifes bags from shopping. I was a little skeptical because I kept hearing this hotel was &quot;old&quot; and &quot;outdated,&quot; but all areas we looked at, including our room, showed no signs of wear-and-tear. We had a late flight (10pm) and the bell desk was happy to hold our bags until about 8pm. In fact, he also got us a Fairmont House Car / Luxury Sedan to take us to the airport, rather than a regular cab for the same price. Overall a great hotel. It seems to get an older crowd and it's not a W by any means, but it's not trying to be.If you need additional info, please contact me:[-]	
Sep 3 2008	Nothing bad to say but was just OK	I travel frequently for work and find myself in hotels at least 75 nights out of the year. Fairmont hotels are supposed to be &quot;breathtaking&quot; and &quot;top notch.&quot; While I can't really say too much bad about this hotel, I'll just say I don't think it would be worth the month for a regular rate. We received a corporate rate of $229 per night and I can honestly say I've received better rooms at a Hilton Garden Inn. The room wasn't ready when I arrived at 4pm which was odd because check-in was at 3pm. So I waited a while and was assigned a room on the 5th floor. It was just OK, nothing real special about it, just a standard hotel room. The food in the bar and restaurant is WAY overpriced, but I guess that is to be expected for San Francisco. If you want to get to the attractions of SFO this hotel is not real convenient, but it is a short ride on the trolley or by cab. Overall I'd have to say it wasn't BAD, but for the price most would pay for a regular rate, I'd check out less expensive options.	
Sep 2 2008 	You have got to visit this hotel property	We went to San Fran for the 2008 Labor Day Weekend. We stayed for 4 nights and wish we would could have stayed for 4 more.If you remember the 80's TV Show called &quot;Hotel&quot;, this was the hotel it was filmed in and modeled after. This hotel lobby will take your breath away. I have stayed in many 5 star and 4 Diamond level properties and this one is right up there.The stay was great, the chamber maids were extremely pleasant, the concierge knew everything about the hotel and the surrondings and the drinks at the bar were out of this world.The hotel is so beautiful that over the 4 nights we were thier they had 2 weddings a day. The hotel is located directly at the top of Knob Hill which is between the Union Square area and Fisherman's warf.You can walk to Union Square but not to the warf due to the hills and the grade.I can go on and on with my bits to make you feel comfortable about this hotel but I do not have the time. I can tell you that I we have booked this hotel again for our trip back to San Fran over Christmas.PS - I did forget one thing. The hotel has two areas for rooms. You can stay in the original side or on the new tower side. Here are the differences:Original Side - These rooms are larger, have 12 ft ceilings, all the old wonderful crown modeling, victorian type look and feel and all the charm. The only draw back is you do not have a view. You only look out over the garden area or onto the street.The Tower side - These rooms are not as large (they are approx 450 - 500sq ft not including the very large bathroom) The views are either of downtown looking onto Union Square OR directly facing the bay. We were on the 20th floor and looked direclty at the bay, golden gate bridge, alcatrez and China Town. The view was worth every dollar spent.	
Aug 31 2008 	Nice but..	I booked a 3 nights stay at the Fairmont, looking for an upscale 5 stars hotel. After my stay, some expections were met, others weren't. The Fairmont is a real 5 stars hotel in many things but some aspects let the expernece fall down.The building is nearly at the top of Nob Hill, offering wonderful sights on San Francisco.At my arrival immediataly 2 members of the staff were ready to open taxi's doors and take the luggage out of the car; they gave me a card in order to take my suitcases back after the check-in.The lobby is not huge but spectacular, one of the best I ever seen: floor and colums full of marble, beautifiul ceiling and carpets.Due to a misunderstanding between the hotel and my travel agency, my booking (2 queen size beds room) were transormed into a king size bed room. Because there weren't other 2 queen beds room available, I was upgraded to a larger room with a partail view of tha bay in which they placed a rollaway bed.The check-in was anyway fast, then a bell-boy immediatelky took our luggage to the room.Lifts and corridors are nothing special compared to the lobby; the size of the room was quiet good (about 30 sq. mt): there were a very comfortable king size bed in the middle, an LCD flat screen (37&quot; or 40&quot;), some lamps and 2 armchairs. There were a small marble bathroom (product's bathroom were Miller Harris) and a big closet.The room (located in the old palace) was full of contradictions: beutiful lamps but and old armchair, marble bathroom but an old bathtub, a beautiful bed and an LCD TV but old and not very clean curtains.And this was the feeling I had during my whole stay.Every morning they left in front of my door a copy of the US Today.On one day of my stay, SF authorities had planned to simulate a huge nuclear attack in SF's downtown. The evening before, hotel staff informed me about this event with a very detailed letter describing this training (in the letter there was even the street that would had been closed). A nice and useful touch.Staff confirmed their skill when I informed a guy about a stain on the rollaway bed's sheet. I wrongly thought he was a member of the housekeeping but I didn't need to call housekeeping to let the sheet change: this guy (probably a hotel's supplier) informed directly hotel staff.The hotel offers two great restaurant options: the famous Tonga Room and a restaurant adjiacent to the lobby that, as the latter, has amazing walls, furniture and ceiling.Since electronic check-out wasn't available on my departure date, I checked out at the front desk and they took me off the rollaway bed costs (90$).Another nice touch I really appreciated. I think one of the basic 5 stars hotel guests' expectation after paying a lot of money for a room is not to find a hotel where everyone seem to be ready to charge everything (another example of this king is the minibar that was not, luckily, an electronic one. At the check-out I was happy to hear again after a long time the question &quot;did you take something from the minibar?&quot;).And finally here are the issues I found that don't allow me to describe my Fairmont experience like a five stars one: 1. my room wasn't absolutely soundproofed. Always, especially in the early morning, I could hear from my bed many terrrible and very noisy door's slams. This was REALLY ANNOYING and out of standars for a luxury hotel. 2. something looked old and not being subjected to the recent restructuring: one the left carpet of the lobby there was a big rip, like on a sheet of my bed. And, as I wrote before, corridors, lifts and moquette were not in line with the beauty of the lobby.All in all, the Fairmont SF has all the features in order to be an amazing hotel: beautiful building and common areas, and a very skilled staff. They just need to bring to higher levels all the details I described. So probably, actually at the Fairmoint's rates, it's possible to find something better in SF.	
Aug 30 2008 	Great place; worth the money	I'm a local to the SF Bay area and have stayed here twice, both when family has come to visit and wanted to stay at a fancy hotel in the city proper. I've been in other upscale hotels (Mandarin Oriental, Pebble Beach, etc.) and I would say that this is on par with what you pay, although PB is overpriced - see that review separately. The staff was always gracious and accomodating and because we were staying there for my birthday, they were generous enough to upgrade us to a room in the Tower with a georgeous view. And, room service showed up not 30 minutes later with a complimentary bottle of sparkling wine and chocolate dipped strawberries - now that's class. There's not any other places I've stayed in that are that thoughtful. The Tower has great views and is a bit newer, but the original building has much more character. We stayed in a deluxe double in the original two years ago and it was truly charming. Huge bathroom and walkin closet, beautiful view with large vertical windows that open and you can sit on the ledge and look out. Stay here at least once and see if you like it. Oh, and the Tonga room is a bit cheesy and the bands decent, but very much like wedding bands, so don't expect too much. Drinks are strong, so worth a visit just to check it out. We thought the food was decent. It's a fun thing to do once, especially when the place is hopping.	
Aug 29 2008 	Perfect hotel but with one big problem	This hotel was absolutely beautiful and our room was gorgeous. I could live in the bathroom, it was huge! The bed was so comfortable. The one major problem was when we woke up in the morning we barely had and hot water, when I called the front desk they informed me that they were aware of the problem. After breakfast the water went from lukewarm to very cold. I guess that could happen anywhere, but you would think that a company with as much prestige as the Fairmont would offer a hospitality suite later in the day since we had to check out that day, without a hot shower!	
Aug 27 2008 	Absolutely top notch professional service	The Fairmont is simply classy. It's difficult to find such high quality service and professionalism these days. If you want a truly exceptional experience at such a world class hotel, stay here. You won't be disappointed.	
Aug 25 2008 	Beautiful classic old-world style hotel...with a couple of glitches	We just returned from a 3-night stay at the Fairmont. We stayed in room 675, which is the older main building, not the tower. The room we booked was a queen sized bed, interior courtyard view. There is no view to speak of - you're looking at the room across from you. That was fine and I knew that when I booked the least expensive room. Check-in went smoothly and they were able to accomodate our early arrival time of 11 am.The room itself was gorgeous and fairly large. The bathroom is a bit small, but nicely appointed in marble and the shower pressure is excellent. Great walk-in closet. Has the usual overpriced minibar and the dresser was kind of small if you were staying for more than 3-4 days, but the closet space more than made up for it. Very clean. The beds are the BEST I have ever experienced at any hotel (sorry Ritz Carlton!) and were so comfortable that falling asleep was effortless.While falling asleep was effortless, actually STAYING asleep provided to be the greater challenge. The walls in the main building are paper thin and the couple in the room next to us on our first night there was having the most major of arguments, complete with things being thrown around the room and profanities abounding. We called security at midnight and things did seem to calm for awhile, but picked up again with the same behavior. We could hear everything. Granted, these people were completely inconsiderate, but even when the tenants changed the following day, we could still hear talking - so just beware that while the rooms are indeed beautiful, your conversation and activities are not completely your own.The lobby is indeed palatial and deserving of its place in grand hotel history. Complimentary coffee was offered in the morning. We did not eat at all in the Laurel Court, although it did look quite nice.The other hiccup in our Fairmont stay was the Tonga Room - the lower floor bar complete with fake rain, thunder and lightning. We went on Friday night for happy hour, since we had read multiple times that this is the best happy hour in the city. What a joke. The buffet is a waste at 9.95, nasty frozen egg rolls and overfried chicken wontons with salty noodles on the side. Don't even bother. We were definitely disappointed in the Tonga Room. The &quot;thunder and rain&quot; effects appeared super-cheesy as well - to be honest, they do a better job with that kind of thing at any Rainforest Cafe.The staff was very friendly. Maid service was great. We requested a wake-up call our last evening there and it was promptly administered the following morning.Location is wonderful atop of Nob Hill - really can't ask for anything more with the location of the Fairmont in San Fran. I'd stay there again with a couple of things I'd change now that I have firsthand knowledge. I'd spring for a room in the tower with the hope that the walls have to be thicker since it is a newer structure and I'd avoid the Tonga Room at all costs.	
Aug 25 2008 	Shouldn't be missed!	This was a great first stop on our California trip. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The building is historical and beautifully maintained....it is also in a wonderful location. Our travel plan included the breakfast / brunch, and it was fabulous!I would highly recommend the Fairmont.	
Aug 25 2008 	Living on past glory...	Positivley; the hotel had a good location at the junction of two cable car lines. Furthermore, the hotel itself had a very grand reception area and bar. However, the room itself left much to be desired....We had a room in the tower which we had paid extra to have a view of the city. In our opinion the room was very dated and in need of modernisation. For example, we found a hole in one of the curtains and even the switches of the table lights were circa 1950!However, our worst experience was dealing with the concierge who was exceptionally rude; during our entire conversation he did not come off the telephone. Even then, the advise he gave us was inacurrate and did not answer our question.	
Aug 21 2008 	Beautiful but formal	We stayed in the Hapsburg Suite (sounds grand but basically a bedroom with an extra lounge).On entering, the building is very impressive, with a marble interior . The lobby cannot be faulted but it is not a place to 'be comfortable' in. The whole atmosphere of the hotel is grand and rather staid. The room was faultless. Miller Harris toiletries in the bathroom, beautiful decor, very spacious.And yet, despite is central location on Nob Hill, and at the crossing of two cable lines, I did not feel central. It is a 10 minute cable ride to Fishermans Wharf - but on coming back up again the wait for the cable was half an hour. It is 5-10 minutes walk down a steep hill to Union Square, but a cable car on the way up is recommended. A beautiful and historical hotel, but maybe not the best for a relaxed family holiday.	
Aug 18 2008 	Would highly recommend!	Stayed for 4 nights in San Francisco at the beginning of a 2-week west coast trip and thoroughly enjoyed the Fairmont. Having booked through a travel agent, we were anxious after reading other's reviews but thankfully we found these completely unfounded. Infact every local that discovered that we were staying in the Fairmont called it &quot;the top hotel in San Francisco&quot;.Stayed in a great double room, with a view overlooking the bay, including Coit Tower and Alcatraz Island. The room was light and airy, very comfortable and quite luxurious. The hotel is in a great location, just a few blocks from Chinatown and Union Square (the main shopping area) and a 25 minute walk downhill to Pier 39. You also have the option of taking the tram, with two lines (heading to all 4 main destinations) quite literally passing the hotel.There were a few negatives - obviously its quite pricey in parts, but you should expect this given the initial price, etc. The Tonga-related bar was also a bit bizarre, with no real atmosphere and strange water and light effects every 10 minutes but we missed the live band which apparently makes it all worthwhile.Very friendly staff and a very nice stay. Would definitely recommend others to stay at the Fairmont!!!!!	
Aug 17 2008 	Charming grand hotel	Fantastic hotel with that grand and beautiful lobby on entry , very friendly check-in staff who kindly offered us a rollaway bed so the three children didn't have to share two double beds. The concierge were always friendly offering great restaurant advice for dinner. room was fairly large which was very clean and well maintained. The breakfast buffet Laurel Court is terrific!	
Aug 14 2008	At the top of a very steep hill but great hotel	We stayed at the Fairmont as part of a wedding party otherwise we probably wouldn't have picked it. Try and get a room high up - preferably in a corner - we were in 614 and had three huge windows with the most incredible views south over the city. We didn't draw the curtains at night so we could wake up and see the view.Everyone else talks about service and the lobby so I'll keep my review to this - don't stay here if you can't manage walking up hills. The Fairmont website claims to be close to the BART station, which isn't exactly a lie, but the map doesn't show hills. The Fairmont is at the top of one. A steep one. Luckily, we braved the streets and traffic and drove our bags to the hotel before dropping the car off at the airport after having been to Napa. Frankly we wouldn't have made the hills, up or down, with our luggage. Even without heavy bags, the hills do put you off coming and going more than once a day, unless you are either driving or are prepared to pay for taxis everywhere.If nothing else, to say you stayed at the Fairmont San Francisco is a real buzz so you forgive the hills and the fraying decor (as did John McCain who stayed there 2 days before us), and you're guaranteed to always find you hotel in SF/USA guide books - it's a city landmark.	
Aug 5 2008 	Classic Hotel with Style and Charm	My wife and I stayed at the Fairmont for two nights, 7/26 and 7/27 and we were quite impressed with the grand lobby. In addition, having gotten a super rate with Expedia for 60% off, we upgraded to a Tower Room with a scenic view of Union Square and the rooftop gardens.The room was very spacious, with a comfortable king-size bed, separate desk and dresser. The bathroom was very luxurious, with a glass-enclosed shower and marble sinks and counter.As for the location, we LOVED being on top of Nob Hill. I got two 3-day MUNI passes, so we walked DOWN the hills for breakfast and took the cable cars UP the hills afterwards. For the folks that bad-mouthed the hotel as being dated, I much prefer these turn-of-the-century grand dames to the cookie cutter Marriotts and Hiltons that look the same in every city. A good suggestion is to join their Presidents Club for free and then you get free internet access and free gym usages.	
Aug 1 2008	Very nice hotel dated decor in some respects	We stayed in the Atherton Suite for 2 nights in June 2008. We booked this hotel (and this room) because we got a great rate on Expedia during one of their 60% off one-day sales. Check in was fast, courteous, and very efficient. We were given detailed directions on getting from the check-in area to our room which was in the tower addition. The first thing we noticed upon entry into our room was the fact that there was a strange juxtaposition between very dated furniture and fixtures, and the modern. There was a big flat panel television, but some couches done up in fabrics clearly from the early 80s. The curtains were heavy, and gold-colored, but the bed was almost brand new, plush, and comfortable. There was an iPod dockable clock-radio in the bedroom. The bathroom was fantastic, reminiscent of the setup of the Intercontinentals we've stayed at: nice deep bath on one side, shower on the other (this one with a rain shower head). The bathroon was spacious, and the tub had great water pressure for producing an excellent bubblebath (did I mention it was deep?)There were sliding doors to block off the sitting area from the sleeping area, which was nice, and also separate temperature controls. Being in a corner suite, due to the hotel's layout, we had no neighbors on any side -- so our room was wonderfully quiet. We didn't eat any meals at the hotel, but we did check out the Tonga Room (kitschy) -- drinks and the &quot;buffet&quot; were pretty expensive and not really worth the atmosphere, we thought. We did enjoy the Laurel Court bar, which was quieter, and had more comfortable seating on couches and such.Overall, the hotel definitely lives up to its reputation.We likely won't stay at the Fairmont again, unless Expedia has another sale like they did! -- and if we did stay again, we'd probably try to check out a room in the main building.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great Hotel a Few Old-Hotel Drawbacks	We loved the hotel! It is really a beautiful property with a look and feel that are at once classic and funky. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We would gladly stay there again if we got a deal in the same price range ($150/night). There were just a few things we didn't like, but they are understandable in any old hotel. The worst thing was that the walls transmit any and all noises between rooms. We changed rooms once when we were overpowered with the voices of the guests next door, but then discovered that even in our second room we could also hear everything that was said next to that room. Also, the bathrooms are very small, though they are very nicely renovated and were find for our use. Finally, the elevators are extremely slow. We didn't mind these drawbacks too much in the end; the classic feel of this grand old hotel and the great attitude of the staff more than made up for it.	
Jul 22 2008 	Good hotel with smooth service	The Fairmont San Francisco is, without doubt, one of the world's grand hotels. And it deserves this reputation. Some of the facilities (the 1970s Tower extension) are a bit dated, but generally, it is a very good hotelWhen we arrived at the hotel very late (around midnight), because our plane was delayed, we were no longer given a room in the historic part (as booked), but the tower. However, they upgraded us to a top floor, corner view deluxe room (we were actually on the same floor as the InterContinental's hotel bar 'Top of the Mark' opposite, which we could easily look into). The room facilities were excellent with grand interior design and a cosy, elegant atmosphere. The bathroom was spacious and clean - providing a separate shower, toilette and bath tub. The bed was very comfortable, the desk perfect for my business needs and we could generally not fault the hotel or its service with anything. We arrived back in San Fran so late that all restaurants were shut and we thus decided to use the room service. The drinks and sandwiches arrived on time and were of good quality. Checkout was very good. Quick summary:Location: Very goodFacilities: GoodRooms: Very goodSpecial factor: the entrance hall and the bar just look amazing. Service: Very good	
Jul 20 2008 	Historic luxory hotel at good location	I stayed in the hotel two days in July 2008. Though the hotel rate is expensive, it is worthy. The hotel building itself is an antique. The lobby is classic and beautiful. The room is spacious and equipped with large LCD TV. The bathroom is big and the bed is comfortable. Staff are polite and helpful.The hotel is located at the juction of the two cable car lines that you can take any cable car easily as many people may change car there. Moreover, it is not far away from China Town.However, it is a luxory hotel that you need to prepare to pay for broadband access which is usually free at lower class hotel. Also, the hotel has its designated airport shuttle services that is $4/person higher than market. In case you want to save money, you need to call your shuttle yourself.	
Jul 17 2008 	Great old classic hotel	stayed at the fairmont atop nob hill or as locals call it &quot;snob&quot; hill over the july 4th weekend. it was a great stay. we stayed in one of their original suites in the main building it had a separate living room and a balcony that stretched the entire length of suite. the balcony looked out upon their rooftop garden. very classic room with great character, didnt have the best view of the city though. for better views of the city i would recommend getting a room in the towers and ask to face north. the front dest service was exceptional they were very willing to accomodate to try to get us the best view possible. we decided on the suite for its charm and huge balcony. just poked our head into the tonga room and looks like could be fun, tiki and polynesian feel bar. the workout facilities are pretty good. the hotel has a great central location to all the touristy stuff. walkable to chinatown. we also walked to fishermans wharf but wouldnt reccomend walking back since its all uphill. the cable car lines are very accessible, all the lines have a stop right by the hotel. definitly recommend getting a citypass for however long your staying as the $5 cable car rides add up. i think they're only $18 for 3 days unlimited rides. we didnt get the citypass thinking we werent going to use the cable car lines but were we wrong we used them everyday to get to all the major tourist spots. there's also great bike rentals around the city. didnt try any of the restaurants at the hotel but did get breakfast room service daily and it was very delicious! the maid staff was great cleaned the room twice a day. overall thought this hotel was great with its location and service. do keep in mind that the hotel is very old it has lots of history and is one of the key landmarks in san francisco. so if your looking for all new modern sleek hotel then this probably isnt right for you. now that doesnt mean its shabby by any means. its very grand and old school feeling with great marble columns and the rooms all have flat screen tvs. just remember its got lots of history behind it!	
Jul 16 2008 	Wonderful service!	We just got back from San Francisco - got an amazing deal on Hotels.com for the Fairmont, though after calling the website to make sure we had 2 beds (we have 2 small daughters) they still only booked a one-bed room. I found that out when we called on the way up to confirm our reservation. The hotel's answer was &quot;Don't worry, we're the Fairmont, we'll take care of it,&quot; and they did, in the middle of tourist season, for all 4 nights, at no extra charge.The only downside to this hotel is the location - there are no quick &amp; easy restaurants nearby, though there is a little coffee and pastry shop at the base of the hotel by the trolley car stop. Room service is expensive as it is at all high-end hotels, and an easy, affordable bite to eat meant taking public transportation down the hill to either Little Italy or Market Street, which isn't easy with kids.If you stay here, you will get excellent service in a luxurious hotel featuring an elegant marble-filled lobby and spacious rooms. We were thrilled with our experience.	
Jul 4 2008 	What a lovely place	I really enjoyed this hotel. I travel a great deal. We had to go to a conference in June. My wife got a great deal (rare to get) on the internet. It is a outstanding atmosphere, wonderful breakfast buffett, and top notch service. You really get spoiled. It is a very good location close to China town and a short cab drive to Fishermans Warf. I am a discerning traveler and for me to rate excellent only comes 10% of the time.Bottom line if your business is paying for it or if you get a great deal on the internet take it. The tonga room is fun also (lower level Bar)Raj	
Jul 3 2008 	I love this hotel	Stayed at the Fairmont 2 nights. Was upgraded to a Signature room from a Fairmont room because of a slight mixup with the reservations. Because of the mixup, the front desk directed us to the lounge where we received a complimentary drink. That doesn't sound like much but my drink was a good glass of Cabernet at $18.00 a glass and my son had a $6.50 non alchoholic drink. The signature room was on the 12th floor with an incredible view of the city, Alcatraz, and Telegraph hill......spectacular! The service in this hotel is very good and the hotel itself is stunning inside. Only negative is cost of parking which is valet only at $57.00 per day.......ouch! There is no self park at the hotel anymore. That's a bit outrageous.	
Jul 2 2008	Grand hotel in a grand city	There is a reason why this hotel is the flagship property of the Fairmont Hotel chain. The moment you walk into the lobby, you are transported to what hotels were like in the past. Positively sumptuous. We stayed on the 7th floor of the tower, and we had no complaints whatsoever. From our room, we were able to see the corner of Powell and California, where two of the cable car lines intersect. The Powell St. line took us on one end to Fisherman's Wharf, and the other to Market Street, taking you through Union Square. The California Street line took us down to the Ferry Building at the Embarcadero. While I wouldn't use cable cars as a primary means of transport (make sure you either buy a 1 day or at least a 3 day MUNI passport), being on a cable car is much more enjoyable than walking the steep hills of SF. This is a prime consideration as the hotel is at the top of Nob Hill.Our room was very large, with probably the biggest bathroom I have seen in a hotel that wasn't part of a 5 star resort. The bathroom was lined with marble, and had a huge shower and separate bathtub, along with a semi-private area for the toilet. The king bed was quite comfortable, and there was ample room for a desk and sitting area. There was a 32&quot; LCD TV, and the channels were all quite clear. If there are things to complain about: $50 a night for parking, and then 14% occupancy tax is charged to make the total nightly cost $57. For some reason, the maids were compelled to turn the temperature on the thermostat to the lowest level on the dial (50F, and set to cool), when the temperature outside was never higher than 60F the days we were there. We did not take advantage of any of the other hotel services like the restaurants or room service other than getting coffee at Caffe Centro on the parking level. There were too many great choices for dining that are close by, either in Chinatown or Union Square.	
Jun 28 2008 	Grand Hotel with Grand View	Arrived at Fairmont around 3pm to have our car door opened and luggage immediately taken off us by the bell boy as we were shown into the vast and brightly decorated lobby. There were plenty of relaxing and comfortable chairs, sofas and seats positioned conveiently around the lobby, with lovely colourful flowers in between. Huge lights and candleabras lit up this lobby to a great effect and atmosphere as people came and went.Check in was smooth and we were advised where to go. We had to the new tower on 27 floor I think with sweeping views of the bay area and brdige/alacatraz. It was mainly foggy when we went but that didn't make it dissapointing.The room was large ad well appointed. A King bed which was very comfortable, with desk and chair/business area with lap top access, chaise longue, bedside cabinets with I-POD alarm clock and LCD TV/HD were among the modern amenities. The bathroom was large with a large shower and bath, bathrobes, seperate area for the toilet and a good size sink area. All in all a very clean modern and well decorated room. Although we had a connecting door we heard no noise at all from fellow guests despite being near the lifts. I know other reviewers complained about this, but in the tower it di not seem to be an issue.We had a lovely breakfast in the spacious dining room. My wife had a buffet whichshe said was plentiful and tasty, with s seperate egg station, fruit, pastries, cereal and the regular hot and cold things such as bacon, sausages etc., and a fantastic banana cake and scones - delicious!! I had an A la Carte omellette and hash browns and it was very good indeed, rounded off with noce strogn coffee and a tasty and refreshing OJ! Went for dinner one night to find out it did not open on Sunday or Monday, so did not try it which was a shame as we were looking forward to a nice dinner there.A nice touch was free coffee and tea in the morning. Before we went on a couple of tours early, it was nice to go to the urn and pour a couple of coffees for along the way. Shame more hotels don't do that!Our 4 days were great there. We had little demands or needs as I had planned before hand. One question we did have for the concierge was dealt with off hand and a tiny bit rude, but he was busy, and I was not that upset by it!All in all, a fantastic grand hotel with a nice comfortable room and good (mostly) service from all we encountered. Would stay again.	
Jun 28 2008 	Great hotel in a cold city!	I stayed in this hotel for 6 nights in June 2008. It is a beautiful hotel and with a great view from the rooms in the tower (get one here if you can). The rooms are large and well equiped, although without any in-room coffee making facilities. Staff were very helpful. The surrounding area has little to get excitied about except the view.As expected, the hotel knows how to charge - the minibar is very expensive as is breakfast. I had breakfast most mornings in the Cafe Centro on the Parking level of the hotel, which is much more reasonable, but there are good cafes only a couple of blocks away (Gallery Cafe, 2 blocks north on Mason was best). Web access and the gym are also charged, but are free if you join the President's club (which I did on site).Another point - it was cold and windy in SF in late June - beware!!	
Jun 27 2008	Nice hotel aggressive maids	I've always been a fan of Fairmont's older, legacy hotels like the Copley in Boston and decided to try their offering in SF. Service was generally excellent at check-in and at the hotel lounge, but the concierge was unable to suggest simple offerings such as a good local lunch place outside the hotel to grab a burger &amp; beer (was told the hotel lounge was the only place he knew) and a local pastry place to buy snacks for a meeting (was told to try the hotel coffee shop...I sensed a trend there). The room was nice and clean and although I didn't spend much time there, I did have maids barge in during two of the three days of my stay hours after they had already made up the room and I'm still not sure why this happened. The highlight of the hotel was my cityview sixth floor room in the main hotel...nothing beat sitting back at the end of the day and watching the sun set over the bay which was mostly visible from my room. The old school windows also opened enough to let in the SF fog at night to cool down the room. All in all it was a pleasant experience and I wouldn't mind staying here again.	
Jun 26 2008 	Great.....for older people	Even though I'm from SF, I stayed here because the company I work for had some sort of conference......It's an old classy hotel. Nice restaurants and bars. Close to all the shopping. The top floor has a beautiful 360 degree view. of SF The terrace restaurant/bar is great if the weather is nice. The lobby was really confusing because of all the different elevators. It also felt like a maze...Definately great for couples and OLDER tourist.  I do not recomend this place for a bunch of friends in their 20's-30's that just want to have fun to stay here. Go to the W.I rather stay somewhere modern/contemporary...new/remodeled.	
Jun 25 2008 	loved it...	exceptional service, one of the most comfortable beds we've ever slept in, great location, beautiful hotel--highly recommend it	
Jun 22 2008 	Beautiful historic hotel in great location	We stayed three nights this month at the Fairmont and loved it. The room in the tower was comfy and a good size. The bathroom had a free standing shower as well as a deep bath tub. The toiletries were luxurious - we want to find where we can order the soap! The bed was super with lots of pillows in all sizes and luxury lines and comforter.The Fairmont is at the top of a hill in the Nob Hill district. The cable car goes almost right to the door and we learned the last day that going through the parking garage was the quickest way to our room. Unfortunately, you can not buy a cable car pass at the hotel, but it was three blocks down the hill to Walgreens to buy the pass. A single ride on the cable car is $5 with no transfers. The 3 day pass was $18.00 for unlimited rides. It also included the historic street car along the waterfront and the bus system - but not the Bart.Between the cable cars and the street car we could get everywhere we wanted to go. Taking the cable car to Fishermans Wharf is a longer ride, and it is a long line to get back on at Fisherman's Wharf to go back to the hotel. We found the cable car to Embarcadaro - was quicker and the Ferry Building was a new find after many trips to San Francisco. From there you could take the street car to Pier 39 or Fishermans's Wharf.The Fairmont was a great treat and San Francisco is still one of my favorite cities.One final note - try not to park at the Fairmont - it was $57 a night!	
Jun 19 2008 	A Hotel with history and a room with a WOW view	We stayed in the Fairmont for 4-nights at the end of May 2008, having booked a Fly-drive holiday with Virgin Holidays. It was the first nights of our Honeymoon and on check-in we were offered a reduced rate upgrade to a Suite in the tower. To say that it was well worth the money is an understatement! We were in the Telegraph Suite on the 19th floor and had fantastic views of the whole of the Bay Area and the Financial District. Waking up with views of Alcatraz whilst still lying in bed is a memory we’ll hold onto for along time During our stay we found the hotel staff friendly, very professional and like everyone we met in San Francisco immensely proud of their city.The hotel does have a cavernous feel to some of the public areas, particularly the corridors leading to the tower lifts and the Tonga Room – but that is part of the grandeur.A big bonus the hotel has is its proximity to both the Cable Car lines so getting around the city, especially to Union Square and Fisherman’s Wharf couldn’t have been easier. Really helpful when coming back from a meal at the Wharf late in the evening. In fact both Cable Car lines have stops right by the Hotel’s coffee shop (serving Illy coffee) so starting a sight-seeing day alarmed with a cuppa was a perfect option.The Tonga Room shouldn’t be missed; yes it has a cheesy rainstorm whilst you dine, but where else have you ever been that has inside rain? And no, you don’t get wet! The food was very good and unlike many places the portion size was more European so the guilt factor for leaving food doesn’t kick in.	
Jun 17 2008 	Very corporate...good for conventions and weddings	I stayed a the Fairmont on a Saturday night for three nights having come in from the UK that day. I had a room in the tower with was quite nice with a great bathroom. That's when the trouble started, I heard some music on and off from what seemed above me. Trying to get to sleep at 10pm (I was very jet lagged from the UK) music was booming from above. I went to reception and they explained it was a wedding party on the top floor function room and they always got complaints right down to the 17th floor rooms. They said it would stop at 12am but I explained for me it was like 4am in the morning and we needed to sleep. I could not believe this was happening in a hotel like this. We were not warned at all when we checked in.Also the bar downstairs where I was forced to stay until 12am was packed with wedding people.My advice is not to stay on a Saturday to avoid weddings and the noise if you are staying in the tower.Next thing that dawned on me that this is heavily used as a conference centre, I found myself at breakfast surrounded by computer guys with name badges talking about server blades.Last thing I want on a vaction especially at such at high class hotel. The good things, the breakfast buffet was excellent and The Tonga room was a fun, pleasant surprise and worth visiting even if you are not staying at the hotel.	
Jun 9 2008 	Top Hotel	We loved the Fairmont. It is a beautiful, nicely restored hotel on top of Nob Hill. It is in walking distance of Union Square.We stayed in a beautiful suite [room 636] with a very large balcony with a partial view on the bay and the ocean. Sitting out there, eating breakfast in the early morning sun, it was just gorgeous. The service is top rate and the prices too [e.g. overnight parking $57], but it was worth it.	
Jun 9 2008 	Luxury with Bargain Price	Through the JetBlue website, I selected hotels in San Francisco. The Fairmont came up as a choice for an unbelievable price of $167 per night. We have paid much more than that for hotels with less quality. The service at this hotel was outstanding and the room was beautiful. As promised by the hotel's website, we were given a room with a view of San Francisco. The view was truly panoramic and lovely. The room itself was modern, clean and nicely decorated. It was really elegant. The only downside to this hotel is having to pay $50 a day for parking our rental car. Although I wouldn't mind paying something, my husband and I thought the price was excessive.	
Jun 7 2008 	Well worth it - great experience!	Loved, loved, loved this hotel! We got a great price via hotels.com and got to enjoy two nights in the hotel (not the tower). Highly recommend you stay in the main hotel - not the tower. The room was very spacious with high ceilings. There was a wonderful walk-in closet, two double beds, a sitting area and a large flat screen television. The bathroom was spotless and very spacious, with a marble floor, two fluffy bathrobes and tub/shower. The history surrounding the hotel alone makes the stay special. There is a long hall that houses a photo-gallery history of the hotel. Very interesting. The staff was very helpful. The concierge, Nelson, was fabulous. The desk staff was also very friendly and helpful. The hotel's location was the icing on the cake. You can catch the trolley just outside the back of the hotel. (We easily jumped on the trolley, paid our $5, and were whisked off to Pier 39.) It's also close to The Huntington Hotel - home to the Nob Hill Spa, which is outstanding by the way.The downsides: * $50/day charge to park your car in their garagea (though I must admit, they were very gracious the day we were leaving -- they let us keep our car in their garage and said they would not charge us for an extra day if we returned a bit late from our sight seeing.)* Room service - food quality was a huge disappointment and the prices were so inflated, it was almost laughable. Do not order room service unless you have money to burn and no tastebuds.Overall, however, this hotel is magnificent - and a must-stay if you've never experienced it before. Would definitely stay again.	
Jun 5 2008 	Amazing - Beautiful building	History....So much history. The architecture of the building is exquisite. I stayed in suite 220 in the main building. The tower building is much newer and was recommended but I really love the fact the main building is over 100 years old. My suite included a nice balcony. The bed was extremely comfortable. The room was very large. The only downside I had was the house keeping staff forgetting to put a menu in the room for me. (It happened twice). Other than that my stay was perfect. The bell man (Junior) and Concerge (Albert) were amazing. Every staff member I encountered were very friendly and helpful. I am looking forward to returning to this grand dame again. This hotel is located in the Nob Hill district. The cable car has two connections right outside the hotel which was very convenient for my daily trips to Union Square and the Moscone Center. I would highly recommend this hotel for all.If you are looking for a great meal . The house of Prime rib is a must. No seafood no steaks only prime rib. They informed me they only do one thing and they do it well. It was the best meal I had on this trip. This place was run like a well oiled machine. Perfect. The chef will bring the prime rib to your table to be sliced for you. I highly recommend The House of Prime rib. It is only a couple of blocks away however I do recommend a cab unless you like all the ups and downs of the streets. Oh So San Francisco....	
May 23 2008	Spectacular	Located atop Nob Hill, The Fairmont has a long and rich history. Having survived the 1906 Earthquake and Fire, the inside was rebuilt and has been welcoming the rich and famous ever since. You will never see another lobby as majestic, classy and historical, yet without the musty smell others have. The views from the hotel are second to none. I felt as if I could reach out and touch the Transamerica Pyramid from my window. The Fairmont holds restaurants, including the famed old-time tiki lounge, Tonga Room (this is a must see) and a spa. Room service is excellent, service is perfection and the rooms are outfitted with lovely amenities. And with other hotels comparable in price without the history -- The Fairmont is a must stay.	
May 9 2008 	Class but Stuffy 	Having looked at several properties in SF for our stay we decided to splash out and go for the Fairmont given its history and location. We were disappointed by and large.The hotel itself is set atop Nob Hill in a fab setting and looks all of it 5 stars from the outside. The interior is classy and in need of updating which I feel the hotel hides behind the vail of preservation on. The main problems I had with the hotel were the noise in the rooms (every door slammed shut when a visitor or maid closed it meaning sleeping beyond 7.30 / 8 in the mornings was impossible. This could be tackled easy enough but hasn't been and really ruined our stay. The sound of the slamming doors seem to echo around the vast corridors making it worse.The bar area is also poorly staffed and the staff that are there have a serious attitude when it comes to welcoming guests. Its like one drink and you're off - don't go making yourself comofrtable here. Considering the location the hotel bar is the only alternative for a relaxing evening drink - they could try harder.The afternnon lunch on the other hand is 5 star excellent and great value- well worth checking out! But the lounge downstairs seems to be rented out to parties quiet often and is only open to residnets occasionaly which is bizarre when you're spending $200+ a night to stay there! All in all a dispaaointing stay. The style and history of the place is sacrificed for the sake of some basic alterations and a course in manners to the bar staff.	
May 2 2008 	reliable fairmont	The Fairmont is a tradition style hotel and is located atop nob hill. This is not far from the main shooping areas and Union Square (approx 10 mins walk) however as other reviewers have noted it is a steep uphill walk on the return to the hotel.The lobby and entrance is very impressive and there are lots of old photos and memorabilia in the hallways to the lifts and the rooms are nice. The bathrooms are very good with seperate tub and shower.The rooms were a little tired, our carpet was badly stained and some furniture looked tired but the room was good, the bed comfortable and view over the city great.The lifts were a little slow but this was a minor problem. We ate at breakfast restaurant which was good. We also ate at Tonga the Polynesian themed bar/restaurant. The food here was pretty bad and no better than standard pub fare. The live band were good and got everybody up dancing but be warned there is an annoying $5 cover charge for entry after 7pm which seems unneccessary.	
Apr 26 2008	Relying on past glories	This palace of an hotel has a long and distinguished history in this charming city on the Bay. It sits solid as a rock at the top of Nob Hill. From upper floors there are fine views but lower floors see buildings opposite. Nob Hill is otherwise not a great location. You need the cable cars all the time to go down to where the main tourist activity is and then to come back and then the queues get a bit tedious. Of course you can get taxis but be warned we found taxi drivers quite unpleasant or they just didn't speak ever - possibly not English speaking. Also some crazy dangerous driving and one who didn't even know the centre of the city. Union Square which has some very nice shopping is about 10 minute walk downhill from Fairmont.Room: Our room was in the old historic building and it had a problem. Other guests in rooms either side of us could be heard spookily as if they were in our room. We could hear all the conversation which was annoying. The people were not even shouting - just chatting and we heard every word. Rooms in the newer tower at the Fairmont may not have this problem.The furnishing style is elegant and of the period. Very high quality fabrics and furniture abound in the room and bathroom but all are a bit faded. I conclude lack of investment in more frequent deep cleaning is part of it and just not replacing worn and damaged furniture,fittings and equipment. Housekeeping seemed well organised.As so often the case a mini-bar crammed with high profit items and no space for your own favoured beverage or necessary medication.Foyer : The foyer and adjacent restaurant are grand and lovingly restored. Even if you don't stay in this hotel do go into it for a cocktail just to see the vast splendid public spaces. Its also a fine looking building from the outside. Food : Dinner in the restaurant was a disappontment. To match the style and class rating of the hotel it should have been 'fine dining' but sadly it was very average dining and not worth the money. No evidence of flair or even particularly high quality of the ingredients in any of the dishes we had. Also a dreadful lapse in service from our waitress who forgot to serve the soup altogether.We didn't eat there again. A revealing customer service failure occurred when I handed in a guest questionnaire reply to the front desk marked very clearly that I was in the hotel and would not leave for 2 days yet - so time to act on my complaints. No response was received then or since to my polite explanation of our noise problem or the dinner service muddle. Maybe this is another of those once superlative hotels that relies on accolades in the past but frankly, in terms of attentive customer service and attention to detail is often surpassed by a lowly Marriott Courtyard that cares - that is where we will stay next time when in this enchanting city.	
Apr 26 2008 	Golden Stay on Parents' 50th Anniversary	My parents celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary at the Fairmont. My dad specifically selected it because he remembered the Fairmont from the &quot;Hotel&quot; television series of the eighties. My parents enjoyed their stay very much. They were thrilled when the staff congratulated them on their anniversary, upon arrival, and the personal greeting of the manager. They were given a beautiful room with spectacular views of the Bay....it was perfect....and cost nothing extra; all it took was an email to the hotel's reservation manager. The Fairmont is a classy experience all around. Jose	
Apr 15 2008 	Fabulous Fairmont	Our family of 4 (teen boy, tween girl) just returned from a four night stay at the Fairmont San Francisco. My husband was attending a business function, so the company made the arrangements (they did good!). This was our first visit to San Francisco, and when I mentioned this to the young lady checking us in (Rowena), she went out of her way to make sure we were happy with our room. After considerable checking, we were offered an upgrade to the Piazza suite for an additional $150/nt. This included two rollaways for the kids. WOW! It was wonderful. Third floor, main building, views facingAlcatraz and the bay. Separate king master bedroom with walk in closet and bath. Kids also had great views, living room, desk area and dining area and their own bath. Plenty of room to spread out. The bed and pillows were like clouds. We travel often and I can honestly say this is the best I've slept in any hotel. Quiet and comfortable. Every morning I would throw the curtains open to take in the bay. The Fairmont was one of the best features of this trip. Great location. Grace Cathedral across the street. Chinatown and Union Square short walks. Longer walks coming back up the hills of course! Alot of people staying actually walked down to Pier 39 but you would probably want to catch a cable car back. There were cable car stops all around the hotel.Service at the hotel was always good, from housekeeping, front desk, bellman, everyone. If we ever get back to San Francisco we would most certainly stay there again.	
Apr 8 2008 	Comfortable Room	Saw a good deal US$174 (Fairmont Exterior Queen/ Queen) on expedia &amp; called the Hotel to match price.Line-up in front of Fairmont Member check-in counter was long, as everyone seem to be member now. The only privilege left is free internet usage. Requested for early check-in but room was not available on arrival.When we went back to check in after dinner, the Front Reception gentleman was very cheerful &amp; hospitable, significantly different from the lady in the morning.The room was big and comfortable, with a huge walk-in closet.There is no convenience store nearby. If you need water etc., remember to buy some before going back to the hotel.Overall, an enjoyable stay.	
Apr 7 2008 	Classic San Francisco	We recently enjoyed a weekend stay at The Fairmont San Francisco through Disney Vacation Club points usage. As a quintessential San Francisco property, there is much to this property as well as nearby.We stayed in room 590, the Dunkirk suite. It is a corner accomodation with great city views. It is well appointed in the classic sense; elegant Napoleonic decor along with modern touches like large flatscreens and two full baths. Along with numerous lounges and restaurants, I would recommend the Tonga Room. It is a Polynesian themed lounge and restaurant replete with thatched roofs, tiki iodols and rain falling from the ceiling accompanied by thunder from the loudspeaker. A true nostalgic experience!This hotel is ideally situated at the intersection of two cable car lines, and walking distance to Chinatown. It boasts an enviable location atop Nob Hill, and the service aspect from the staff is one of total service.This hotel is ideal for couples or families on a holiday, all the way to conventions. As it is a classic hotel, it will not have all the wired amenities of newer properties like a W Hotel, and Nob Hill is a bit far from the airport or Silicon Valley. However, if you enjoy classic hotels, this is among the best.	
Mar 29 2008 	Great Rate and Quiet Stay	Stayed here with a $249 night rate. Had read reviews of loud rooms so I asked for a quiet one when I checked in. Being a Presidnet's Club member helped, also...as I got a very nice room overlooking the center courtyard that was really quiet. Great staff and a nice stay.	
Mar 28 2008 	Very impressive.........	Well, I must say that although I was initially a little apprehensive about staying here because of some of the reviews that I had read on here, the hotel proved that there is just always going to be people who just can't be satisfied. My wife and I decided to stay here on the last 3 days of our honeymoon (after staying in Napa for 4 days), and we couldn't have been more impressed and happy with our experience. I had read quite a few reviews that complained about the bellhops not being helpful, but as soon as we pulled up, we were treated very well, and received very helpful service by them. They unloaded our bags, and took our car to the garage, then sent someone up to our room to drop off our baggage after we checked in. There was a little complication with the signature bay view room that we had booked initially, because they apparently had overbooked a bit, and it wasn't available. They promptly corrected that issue (even though they never actually stated that it was an issue) but putting us up in their show room on the 16th floor of the tower. We were impressed with the overall beauty of the outside and in of the hotel itself, but the room took our breath away. I doubt that there are many other views from a room in San Francisco that could beat this one. It was breathtaking. The bathroom was large and amazing also, and we were also impressed with the comfortable bed, and the champagne and chocolate covered strawberrys that awaited us upon our arrival. With the exception of the lady at the check in counter being a bit snooty about me using my debit card at the desk, the staff and valet people were very friendly and helpful the entire time. My only warning about this hotel is the location. That's not because it's not a good location, because it is, but if you plan on walking anywhere, I hope you're in good shape. I thought that people were exaggerating when they talked about this in the past reviews, but they weren't, because this hotel is on the top of a steep hill, and can be quite a workout for those who don't workout very often. In summary, I highly recommend this hotel, and would definitely stay here again in the future!	
Mar 24 2008 	Beautiful Lobby but a Little Shabby	I had a very quick trip out to San Francisco for work, and stayed here for one night. I got a good rate (around $270 per night total), but I think I'd probably be disappointed if I paid that much and I was on my own dime.The lobby is enormous and beautiful. This is one of those old hotels that reminds you of another era. You feel like Humphrey Bogart or James Stewart might sit down across from you. The room I had, however, was in the historic building and was feeling a little rundown. There was a sort of odd musty smell; nothing I can put my finger on, but just felt a little shabby. The bed was fine, and the furnishings were fine. Just didn't feel all that luxurious. For the price I think is sometimes charged here, I'd be pretty bummed about it.From my perspective, the location was only so-so. It's on the top of Nob Hill, and I think there are probably some good restaurants around, but the surrounding streets didn't feel all that much like a neighborhood. No cafes, boutiques, little shops. (There are some really nice neighborhoods in SF, so this was something I'd be disappointed by if I were to have stayed longer).The coffee that's served in the lobby in the morning was really awful -- particularly for a city that's got so many nice coffee places. Check in was fine, although I didn't feel that it was that warm.All in all, if I were traveling to SF, I'd probably check out another experience here -- I am sure there must be some cooler hotels or ones that feel better kept up.	
Mar 20 2008	Stay away from the historic Main Building rooms	I got a room in the historic Main Building. It was relatively spacious, had high ceilings and a marble bath. Problems stemmed from the ultra thin walls that other reviewers had mentioned and moldly allergens that come with the age of the building. I could hear noise from rooms on both sides, including television/stereo, cell phones, conversations, and strange noises made in the middle of the night by one neighbor. I was basically woken up in the middle of the night 4 nights in a row. The hotel was supposedly completely booked and I was not offered a room in the Tower building. Also even though Nob Hill looks like a nice central location, it's on top of a very steep hill which made sightseeing and getting a quick cup of coffee a chore. The price of the hotel is not worth the trouble. If you're staying in the Tower building, it might be worthwhile if you have the money.	
Mar 20 2008 	Amazing view over the bay kitshy deisgn! but great if you like that!	spend 4 days there for business. try to get a room with a view over the bay: I was overlooking Alcatraz Prison! the hotel has a great history as it is probably one of the first luxurious hotel of SF. Many famous people, from US president to actors came there. You feel the history with the rococo design. a bit kitschy but perfect for a romantic stay and great if you like this kind one hotel which reminds you the French Riviera. The staff was very helpful. the rooms are big, bathrooms nice with bath and shower, 32 LCD TVs. the lobby is huge with lots of private space if you need to meet people. There is a bar where you can have a big breakfast in the morning or have a drink later in the day. there is also another bar in the former swimming pool with an Tahitian theme where you can have cocktails or diner. didn't try the food but the cocktail were good (and pricey as it is a first class hotel). the gym is ok but you have to pay, sthg like $10 or $15/day. the hotel in on top of a hill so if you are a lazy type person you will have to take a cab or the tramway to come back or find another hotel downtown! it s a 5 min cab ride to go downtown and there are always cabs waiting at the entrance. the concierge has great restaurant recommendations. indicated me an awesome tapas place in the Spanish area. I would definitely come back even if they lack a pool....(I was there in the winter so not so inconvenient).last thing: have a drink in the hotel next door, in the tower: great view over SF	
Mar 18 2008 	Not much to fault at this local landmark	I stopped in San Francisco on March 3rd for three nights on my way to Auckland, New Zealand to both break up the journey a little bit and more importantly to see the city which for some reason I'd yet to visit. And it's safe to say this was a solid choice in a fine location that more than exceeded my expectations. Why it was hovering around the 70's on the Trip Advisor rankings when I booked is a complete mystery, though I see it's improved since then.I booked a no frills Fairmont room and knew going in it would be in the older, historic wing of the hotel which was fine with me as I wanted to spend my time sightseeing and experiencing the city not watching TV in my hotel room. Upon arriving from my airport shuttle before noon I wondered whether I would get my room early and was pleased to find it was ready for me, a nice bonus where I could drop off my bags and hit the ground running. Room #583 is a large and well appointed room that overlooked the almost zero view interior of the building, a view not even worth taking a digital picture of so didn't. The king bed featured the standard super comfy bedding and high quality duvet and sheets you expect from a luxury hotel chain and set off an understated, elegant room that hinted at it's age but didn't show it. And what I mean was being over a century old you could tell the building was designed in another era with high vaulted ceilings, very large walk-in closets and a very deep tub but a more recent update had brought the fixtures and furniture up to more modern standards so I never felt it was too &quot;antique&quot;. The mini-bar was hidden in a nice cabinet that the flat screen LCD TV sat on top of while the bathroom featured a nice blend of marble and tile. But the highlight of the room to me was an unique hanging main light sort of mini-chandelier that again was both modern but with a traditional sense at the same time. The pictures I'll include show it probably better than I've explained it. The rest of the room was as well appointed and I liked the cloest which had more than the typical 3 hangers you seem to only be permitted at a few hotels I've been in lately. And while the bathroom was a little smaller than I expected it did offer a very deep tub that was good for soaking the tired legs in after hiking around, or more correctly up &amp; down, the hills of San Francisco.The Fairmont sits atop Nob Hill and never having been to the city I had no idea how steep the hills actually are so getting a workout just sightseeing left me with zero energy to even try the hotel's gym facilities so I'm afraid I can't comment on those, although being a luxury business hotel I'm sure they are up to at the very least an acceptable minimum standard. The soaring ceilings in the lobby serve to leave a very lasting impression when you first enter by the main doors off Mason Street and seem in a way to dwarf the check-in, bell, concierge and Fairmont President's Club desks. The friendly reception was very polite and helpfull and that was the impression I received in all of my interactions with the staff. On my last day I had a very late flight out of San Francisco International, around 10pm, and asked the night before checking out whether I could get a late check out or whether there was anywhere to store my bags and the main desk agent called over the bell captain to answer my questions which seemed a small gesture but was miles better than simply telling me to walk over there myself. I should mention while speaking of the lobby that both guests and those attending one of many seminars or events at the hotel occupy the many sofa and chairs and most were quite well dressed which made me at times feel a tad underdessed. I did forget to write a few emails until after checking out but thought I'd still inquire whether I could pay cash for some time on one of their PC's and was told yes at what worked out to be $1/minute. Needless to say I wrote two very short emails and went on my way. I didn't think to ask if this was the price for walk-ins and whether the price for guests was different, though I was upfront at the business centre about having checked out only 15 minutes earlier. One small gripe that arose during my stay was at times the walls could be a bit thin and I thanked my lucky stars the guests on either side of my room were fairly quiet. Once or twice I could easily overhear one side of a business conversation that went on for 5 min. with what sounded like a bad connection as the gentleman in the next room was speaking quite loudly. I can see how with the wronf guest next door it could become a problem and it surprised me a little as I would've expected a big, older luxury hotel to be much more soundproofed than today's equivalents.But overall the stay more than exceeded my expectations and I'm glad I got to experience this memorable hotel in what has become a fast favorite world city of mine. I couldn't fault much at this local landmark and would stay here again if visiting the city again as I felt it offered enough luxury in a historic setting without resting too much on it's laurels.	
Mar 15 2008 	happy returns	We returned to the Fairmont for the 4th time in 2 years and loved it even more if possible.We have travelled very extensively and even been to the Burj Al Arab in Dubai, which calls itself the best hotel in the world but the Fairmont is in a different league because the view is so amazing.We love the incredibly comfortable beds and linen and the new tower,where we always have a suite is quiet and enjoys the most spectacular views.Try to stay on high floor as this takes you away from the street noise.The restaurant could and should be better but the staff are superb and there are so many wonderful eating places on hand you don't need to eat in.A good tip-The restaurant at the Ritz Carlton just down the hill is world class(so are the prices).Don't miss this hotel if you are in San Francisco!	
Mar 8 2008 	Loved it!	What a stunning hotel. We stayed on the 23rd floor of the tower, and our room was lovely - very comfortable beds and a huge bathroom. All the staff were extremely friendly and helpful, and the concierge was particularly helpful with restaurant recommendations and travel planning. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 2 2008	Pretty nice...	Stayed at the Fairmont for 4 nights. I was in one of the corner rooms in the new tower section. I paid $290 a night. Overall, a wonderful experience.My room had a sweeping view of the bay from Coit Tower on one side to the Bay Bridge on the other. For this sweeping view, ask for rooms in the new tower that end in &quot;9&quot; (Rm. 69, 79, 89, 99, etc. the higher up the better). If you're staying in the old historical part of the hotel, make sure to ask for an exterior room not the ones facing the courtyard. Of course the higher the floor the better otherwise, be prepared to endure the street noise especially the cable cars that run past midnight! The room decor is traditional as expected of a historical hotel. Rooms are well-equipped with internet access, flat screen tv, iron, etc. The lobby, conference rooms, and other public areas around the hotel are beautiful, well-maintained, and full of historical photos and art pieces; worth looking at. The hotel staff for the most part are low-key but polite and responsive when engaged. They are helpful and very professional. The hotel restaurant serve good meals but very expensive but why dine in the restaurant when just steps outside the hotel are plenty of wonderful and unique restaurants to explore. There is a coffee shop a floor or two down from the lobby level, if you just want a quick cup of coffee and a pastry. The Tonga Room restaurant in the hotel is an interesting, kitschy place but worth peeking in and having a drink or two. Overall, I would recommend this hotel if you want (and can afford) to indulge a bit such as to celebrate a special occasion in San Francisco. It's an expensive hotel but in spite of what I paid for my room, it wasn’t as luxurious of a hotel as I expected. I felt like I paid mostly for the hotel address, to have the bragging right to say, &quot;I stayed at the Fairmont.&quot; :-) But to some people, that’s reason enough to stay at an expensive hotel. If you're looking for value for the money and a more intimate, personal hotel experience, this is not the hotel for you. This is a large albeit luxurious hotel. You won’t feel pampered but you’ll be surrounded by the perceived trappings of luxury. But if you do choose this hotel for those reasons, you won't be disappointed.	
Feb 25 2008 	Overall a nice stay--But We Had a Major Security Problem	The Fairmont was the last of three hotels we stayed at during a recent trip to Napa and San Francisco. Overall our impressions were good, although there was a major problem that shouldn't have happened. First, the good. We were in room 1801, right off the elevator on the 18th floor with a wonderful view of the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, and Coit Tower. Being so close to the elevator we were somewhat concerned about noise, but our fears were unfounded. The room was overall clean, although the duvet was torn--something housekeeping should easily have noticed and taken out of service for repair. The minibar was well stocked, as was the bathroom with toiletries, however there was only one robe where two should have hung. The bed was comfortable with Frette sheets, and there was a large flat screen LCD TV. The bad--Our second day there we returned after a day of sightseeing to find the door to our room had been left ajar by housekeeping. Fortunately we had locked up all valuables in the large safe, but it was very unsettling to know that anyone who happened by could have walked into our room and taken anything they wanted out of it. The front desk was called and a member of the hotels security staff was dispatched to read the records on the automatic door lock so they could determine who had left the door open. We felt that the hotel should have offered a small something as a token of apology--a few sweets left in our room while we were at dinner, or a couple cocktails at one of the lounges--we've been comped far more for far less serious issues at other hotels without asking. Unfortunately the hotel offered only an apology for our inconvenience.The hotel did bend over backwards when I became incredibly ill on our final day, offering to send a doctor and extending our checkout until late evening as we had a redeye home. All and all it was a nice stay, and we would return.	
Feb 23 2008	Beautiful	I have to say that this minute you walk into this hotel you are amazed and feel luxurious. I loved the service the moment my husband and I arrived with our two children. We were there for our family Thanksgiving and stayed in a one bedroom suite with an amazing view and great bathroom. The other thing that I loved that although a high-end crowd there were people traveling with their children and those that weren't did not get too frustrated when we did sit and have snacks with them. There were many wonderful things to say about the staff, but really just entering the hotel was an experience and being there you feel like you are in a special place.Also, on the children front, there is a little park across the street that my children loved...not to mention the trolley ride they enjoyed.We will return!	
Feb 18 2008 	Great hotel thin walls	The Fairmont is a first class hotel. They attend to the needs of their guests with grace and good humor. I learned this the hard way: My first night in the older part of the hotel was marred by incredibly loud noise from guests on both sides of my room; I didn't sleep much at all. Light sleepers, beware: ask for rooms in the newer (more expensive) wing. In the morning I spoke to reception. They were extremely apologetic and said that the hotel was fully booked but they'd see what they could do. And they did. When I returned at the end of the day, I discovered that they had placed me in one of the best rooms in the house, 22nd floor (new wing), overlooking the city and bay. Needless to say, I slept just fine that night. I will definitely return, AND ask for a quiet room next time!	
Feb 13 2008	a place with history	stayed last week for four days what a grande old lady of hotels all the wow factor as you enter the main reception area ,stayed in the tower wing overlooking the bay very nice large clean room all mod cons ,laurel bar area also very nice and thanks to the brill staff in this area this hotel has history and was a real pleasure to view and stay one i will remember for many years to come congrats to all the staff and keep it like it is alan billington	
Feb 11 2008	the wonderful Fairmont Hotel	Since I lived in San Francisco for over a decade, it took me until now to experience an overnight stay at the Fairmont. It is a wonderful, regal hotel with gorgeous views, beautiful rooms and a superb location. Turn your car over to the valet and don't give it another thought until your departure. Most destinations can be reached on foot, the cable car runs along side the hotel, and taxis abound. We have stayed in the newer section on the (I believe) 26th floor and also the older section on the 3rd floor. The older rooms are larger with beautiful moldings and high cielings. The local views are still observed from high in the air since the hotel is perched on the tip-top of Knob Hill but the views from the newer, smaller rooms are like those from the window of an airplane. The Tonga Room, within the bowels of the hotel, is not to be missed. It features fabulous tropical drinks, dancing and a &quot;hurricane bar&quot; attracting San Franciscan society as well as tourists from near and far.	
Feb 5 2008 	Experience the Grandeur of a Bygone Era	My boyfriend and I escaped to the Fairmont San Francisco this weekend for a romantic getaway. This is hands-down the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at. The building is spectacularly beautiful and very well-maintained. The Fairmont doesn't suffer from the peeling wallpaper and dingy carpets that are common in historic hotels. We were delighted with our &quot;Fairmont Exterior Room&quot;, which was on the 5th floor of the main building and had splendid views of Coit Tower and the Bay beyond. The bedroom was spacious and airy, with high ceilings and a massive walk-in closet. The furniture was beautiful and sturdy and, unlike most particle-board hotel furniture, it felt real. The bathroom was a splendid combination of peach marble and striped wallpaper, with a black marble sink and an ornate mirror. We didn't bring our car (after reading about the $50/day parking fee) but we got around town with ease. Union Square is just a few blocks down the hill and a source of endless entertainment. If you want to go further afield, you just hop in a cab or jump on the cable car that runs directly behind the hotel.We enjoyed everything about our stay at The Fairmont San Francisco and will most definitely return.	
Jan 25 2008 	Clearly one of the best	My recent stay at the Fairmont was my third in approximately 30 years. As a young child I traveled there with my family and remember watching Michael Douglas and Karl Malden filming the Streets of San Francisco in the hotel lobby. I recall the ornate, but classic lobby and the stately rooms. This hotel is clearly in an elite class. 12 years ago I returned with my wife and likewise throughly enjoyed my stay. This time I returned with my wife and daughter, both of whom found the hotel to be first rate. The hotel is at the top of Nob Hill right off the Powell street cable car line. The neighborhood is great and the location even better. There is nothing I can say negative about this hotel. The staff was courteous upon check in. When the room I had requested was not available, without request, I was offered a different upgraded room at no charge. The parking attendants were quick and efficient. The room was clean and extremely comfortable. I especially was looking forward to the comfortable beds which once again did not fail me. The large flat screen television was a plus. Lastly, our room rate included a buffet breakfast, which while pricey, was outstanding. All in all, this is the hotel to visit when in San Francisco.	
Jan 21 2008	Super Elegant but maintenance questionable	Stayed in the hotel for a week. The hotel is very elegant and majestic.Upon arrival we were assigned a room in the main (original) building. A wonderful big room with satin linen with gold colored trim on European (square) pillows. Marble bathroom, huge early 20th century closets and all necessary amenities as expected from a hotel of this stature. However, the hangers for the bathrobes hung neglected and empty. Settling in, I soon found a used toothpick on the coffee table under the hotel magazines. The toilet did not flush and the maintenance man who came explained that it could not be fixed easily and we were transferred to a room in the tower. The tower room though large did not have the charm of the main building nor the type of linen and pillows or the big size closets. But the view of the bay, Alcatraz, SF and the surrounding hills was magnificent. The furniture seemed to have been in the room ever since the tower was built and needed a make over. The air-conditioning did not function and a service man came and had to exchange the filter.The 42&quot; plasma TV had a very limited number of channels and no foreign channels in English or other languages at all. Although towels and finely starched white cotton linens were changed daily, the bathroom was definitely not cleaned properly. The bath tub and toilet as well as the marble floor had visible dirt that was not removed unless maintenance called and specifically requested. A bobby pin found on the floor in the room the day we arrived, remained there throughout our visit. Obviously, if any vaccuming is done, it happens only in between the furniture on the main traffic areas of the room. The windows had oily nose and fingers marks on the inside which were not cleaned through our stay, and the outer side of the windows was dirty as well.A beautiful hotel, but maintenance is way below par.	
Jan 21 2008 	Beautiful hotel!	Recently spent one night at the Fairmont. What a great and beautiful hotel. We stayed in the tower and the views were great. Request to stay on the side facing the pier if you can. Both sides offer good views, but from the one side you can see the Bridge, Alcatraz, etc. The rooms are large and nice. The bed was comfortable, but the headboard seemed out of place and less expensive than the other items in the room. The bathroom was very, very nice. It was large with marble everywhere. The towels were rough and sandpaper like.We had an issue with the air conditioning not working to keep the room as cold as we like it, but we didn't bother to call down about it. We had the breakfast buffet in the hotel and it too was great!Overall - great place to stay!	
Jan 20 2008 	Lovely Weekend	My husband and I spent four nights at the Fairmont San Francisco last weekend. We had a fabulous weekend and the hotel only added to our wonderful weekend. This hotel has a beautiful lobby that reminds one of grand hotels of years long past. They just don't make them like that any more. Our check in was superb. We are President's Club members and that may add to the perfect service but I hope that everyone experiences the same friendly, helpful welcome we received. Our room was on the 19th floor overlooking the bay. The views from the upper floors overlooking the bay are about as great as you will get in the city. The room was a nice size with a very comfortable bed and nice sitting area and a nice working desk. I too, as someone else mentioned, miss not having tea making facilities in the room. We didn't even think about getting tea sent to the room. My bad.The location of the hotel is just the very best. A tip that we will share is that if you take the cable car down Powell to Market, and you are over 65, you can buy a month pass for city transportation for $10 at the green kiosk right by the cable car turning platform. They also have two and three day passes but the monthly senior pass is the best buy. They didn't even ask for our identification cards. Drats! So for the 4 days we were in San Francisco we could cable car, bus, trolley, or surface rail cars for $20 total for both of us. We used all forms of transport and went far and wide and found the service was excellent. And, the Fairmont is perfectly located to use the public transit services to the fullest. A couple of things did not come up to our expectations and we commented on these on our Satisfaction Form we filled out and left with the front desk on our departure. Our housekeeping services were not top notch. Every morning when we would leave the room there would be dishes sitting outside the rooms on our hallway. When we came back to the hotel in the evenings the same dishes were still in the hall and a full day's worth more dishes had been added. I don't know if the responsibility is housekeeping or food services but we found it objectionable. We pointed this out to the front desk twice and the dishes were picked up shortly thereafter but the next day it was just the same. And, the dirty glasses in our room were not removed nor clean glasses put in the room each day. When we call down to housekeeping and said we did not have clean glasses in the bathroom, a gentleman brought up one glass for us. I didn't bother sending him back for another one so we shared our one clean glass as I had given him the two dirty glasses that were still beside our door. (we tried leaving the dirty glasses in the room and setting them out in the hall - neither plan resulted in clean glasses in the room.) There are no chocolates on the pillows in the evening, nor fresh flowers or fruit in the room when you check in. This is rather standard in first class hotels such as The Four Seasons, or The Peninsula. The prices at the Fairmont are similar to the top hotels but the little extras that the other hotels provide aren't part of the Fairmont experience. Now that being said, let me tell you that we were in San Fran for my birthday and that came out at our check in. We came in that evening after spending the afternoon walking around China Town and found chocolate covered strawberries and a bottle of champagne from the hotel. That we thought was brilliant! First Class, Top Drawer and all that. This is not our first or last stay at this hotel. We would not stay in another hotel in San Francisco because we like many things about the hotel. The location, the quite good breakfast buffet, the wonderful halls lined with historical pictures and just the general feel of the hotel. We would overlook the small deficiencies because we like this hotel very much and would recommend it to anyone going to San Francisco and especially someone going for a first visit to the city.	
Jan 20 2008 	You wont better this !!	You will not better this !! Stayed for four nights in October,booked an exterior view and 'got an upgrade 'on arrival.We were in the tower with the most spectacular views over the harbour,Golden Gate bridge and Alcatraz.Room was fabulous,such an amazingly comfortable bed.Everything provided to the highest standard (though only thing missing was tea/coffeee making facilities in the room,but we ordered morning tea via room service every day which was excellent and a couple of afternoon teas (all very reasonable about £6 for two.) The lobby in this place is amazing and so opulent, .The staff are so helpful and courteous and it's such a fascinating place to stay from the historical point of view.Very easy to get down to Union square in the trams that stop outside.We did eat in the Tonga room (Happy hour buffet) an experience not to be missed and had morning cofffee in the Laurel Court restaurant. 'Go for it' if you are staying in San Francisco this is the place to stay! Loved it and hope to return some day	
Jan 18 2008	Rooms Need Sound Proofing-I got no sleep	I recently stayed at this hotel in January for business. My room was in what is called the &quot;historic&quot; wing. I was just in a very basic room which was the size of a closet. Although the room has up to date furnishings, the paint on the walls is peeling and the trim on the floor is very tarnished. When in my room I could EVERYTHING Going on in the rooms next door and outside. It started at 5am when my neighbor received a wake up call which sounded like it was in my room-I literlly could hear the phone ringing. Then my neighbor's travel alarm clock started going off at 5.45am. Then of course they were up and watching the morning news. After this I obviously wasn't sleeping so I got up. At 8am, I could the housekeeper vacuuming next door and slamming doors in the hallway. Additionlly she was speaking in a different language to another employee. The main restaurant's menu is nothing special and the cheeseburger is extremely greasy. Fairmont has a very well known concierge who clearly didn't want to assist me in anyway. I did tell the front desk when I checked out but they acted like they never heard of this problem before and didn't care.I would recomend this hotel.	
Jan 4 2008 	New Beds Needed	We would love to see Fairmont replace the beds here with a luxuriousness and quality to match the setting. And hold the cinnamon scent in the lobby area in the mornings at Christmas time - it was a bit overpowering and reminiscent of express-motels'' free cinnamon-bun-breakfasts. Try a background scent of good quality coffee mingled with floral overtones from lobby arrangements.	
Jan 3 2008 	Problems with a wedding reception below our room	We selected the Fairmont San Francisco for a romantic getaway celebrating our anniversary. It's a beautiful hotel in a great location. We reserved a room in the &quot;tower&quot; section to have a view of the city and requested a high floor, which we got. Check in was smooth, although we had to carry our own bags from our car into the hotel. The room was lovely and everything we expected until we went to sleep. The hotel had booked a wedding reception directly below our room in the courtyard. Even though we were high up, we could hear the very loud band playing. When we called the front desk to find out how long this loud music was going to continue, we were told midnight. This was not acceptable to us and we called management. We were offered another room, but by this time it was 11:30 pm. Exhausted, we agreed to pack up our stuff and move to a different room. (I would have expected the hotel to move us, they didn't offer to do so.) We schlepped our luggage through the hotel lobby to the other side of the hotel to our new room...at 11:30 pm. Why the hotel books rooms over a large reception area when they are aware of the potential disturbance, I'll never know. Certainly a hotel that charges $$$$ for a room, and has the reputation for excellence that the Fairmount has, should know better. We probably would make a different choice in the future.	
Jan 3 2008 	Palatial Top Notch Iconic	This is truly the iconic hotel of San Francisco, atop Nob Hill, with Cable Cars hoisting you from 3 directions, right near Union Square. The lobby is magnificient, as is most of the public space. We had a palatial room on the 5th floor looking out at Coit Tower, huge walkin closet, large marble bathroom, beautiful decor, flatscreen TV. Join the frequent stay program - it helps get you a better room, excellent service and free internet. The Tonga Room is good fun with the floating barge in the pool where the band plays, rainstorms and Scorpion Bowls. I loved the history on the walls, old photos, celebrities, etc. The hotel website has some deals that may make it more affordable - we got a stay 2, 1 nite free offer (which the desk didn't know about, so do your homework). Concierge and bellman were top-tier and so friendly. Our stay here really made us feel we were a part of San Francisco and like we were royalty. So much fun.	
Jan 2 2008	Elegant!	We took a quick trip to San Francisco for Thanksgiving. The Fairmont was celebrating its 100th anniversary and all of the rooms were $100.00 off. It is a beautiful hotel and a gourmet brunch was included every day. The service was not the best and the staff was a little unfriendly. It was a nice experience but would not stay there again. The Hotel Huntington across the street had a fun bar and very friendly staff.	
Jan 2 2008 	The Perfect Holiday Experience	We spent 5 nights at the Fairmont from Christmas night until our departure on the 30th. We have no complaints!We booked a holiday package that included a wonderful buffet breakfast (really fresh fruit and perfect waffles) for $199./night. We had planned to stay only one night and head to northern Cailfornia, but it was raining up north so we extended our stay. Not only did they extend our stay, they upgraded us to a high floor in the Tower with a king size bed(not queen as in the package) and a city and bay view. We took another reviewer's advice to sign up for the President's Club and I think that made the difference. All this was done with a smile and &quot;It's a Christmas gift.&quot; Granted the hotel was not fully booked due to the holidays, but I've never had a more gracious hotel registration.Tips: The main hotel is old and noisy - stay in the Tower if at all possible. It's connected to the lobby in the original hotel by a corridor.If you rent a car, return it every night to avoid the hotel parking charge of $45.00. It's only a $5.00 cab ride to get back to the hotel from the Hertz garage. Avoid the Tonga Room at all costs. The hokey Mai Tai (in a plastic coconut) tasted like cough syrup and the dinners were comparable to a Chinese restaurant in a strip mall. It was so highly touted by the hotel we thought it would be historic and wonderful. They neglected to inform their guests that they were also replicating a1950's menu. Visit Grace Episcopal Cathedral which is around the corner from the hotel. Their philosophy is the same as Glide Memorial's. It's a beautiful church rebuilt after the 1906 earthquake and welcomes all people offering &quot;sanctuary to everyone.&quot; Don't miss the chapel to the right that offers solace to aids victims and their families.Stay at the hotel during the holidays - the lobby was beautifully decorated - really a wonderful experience.	
Dec 30 2007 	Great hotel to stay in at Christmas	We stayed a week after getting a very good price through Expedia and were pleased with our choice. The room was well appointed and of a good size with a nice bathroom. We didn't have a view but that was our choice - we asked for a quiet room and accepted one overlooking the inner courtyard. It was very quiet - these old hotels are so much better built and soundproofed than new ones - apart from the constant background drone of the aircon/heating system which didn't prevent me sleeping and didn't disturb my wife at all.The service was impeccable, from our reception when we first arrived until the morning we departed. All the staff were pleasant, courteous and helpful. We ate in both the Tonga Room and the Laurel Lounge. The Tonga Room's South Sea Island themed ambiance works well enough and the MOR band were fine, if not my cup of tea musically. The single meal we had there was very good if not exceptional and the girls loved their cocktails. We had both lunch and dinner on Christmas Day in the Laurel Lounge. We weren't intending to but discovered that Christmas lunch in the USA is not the same as in the UK! A club sandwich is not my idea of Christmas Lunch, no matter how good it is! The misunderstanding was rectified by then booking Christmas Dinner and this was acheived with minimum fuss despite the restaurant being fully booked that evening. Dinner was fine for a big hotel on Christmas Day and well presented - expensive but that was expected.The Nob Hill location is very central and most of the tourist areas of the city are within easy reach. We walked to the Union Square and Market Street shops, Chinatown, North Beach, Telegraph Hill, Lombard Street, Ghiradelli Square, and Fishermans Wharf. Walking back is more difficult because that is one steep hill! However, the hotel is at the crossroads of two cable car lines and several bus routes - buy a pass if you stay there!	
Dec 28 2007 	Great Location amenities	I stayed at the Fairmont San Francisco in early December this year. The locatioin was very central with easy access to the Piers, Chinatownand Union Square. Cab fare from the airport was about $38 excluding tip. The Rooms were nice, with 42 inch flat screen tv's (no HD content though), bathrooms with separate tub and shower, robes and cordless phones. Some rooms face the water, with a view of Alcatraz, and the even numbered tower rooms have a city view. I was on the 10th floor city side, and could see the cable cars but did not hear them.There were 2 bars in the hotel which were fine, but seemed to be less efficient handling crowds. The Tonga Room actually told me that I would be unable to go in to meet my friends who were sitting at the bar. This even though there was room at the bar and the restaurant itself was not full.Overall I was happy with the experience, and would probably stay there again.	
Dec 26 2007 	Nice atmosphere but somewhat overpriced	We stayed in here in mid-December in a single room on the interior hall of the old, original part of the hotel (no views but we were out and about most of the time). I strongly recommend enrolling in the Presidents Club which is the hotel's loyalty programme (free), as this will enable you to use the hi-speed internet in the rooms and the gym free of charge. Otherwise there are fairly steep charges for these. There is a link to the Presidents Club on the Fairmont Hotels web site. There is also a dedicated front desk for Pres Club members.We found the room and bed very comfortable and liked the fact you could control the heating and air intake. On the other hand we agree with some of the other reviews which mentioned noise. The soundproofing didn't seem adequate to us, you could hear doors slamming, conversations in the hall and from other rooms, and if someone was taking a shower you could hear the water running. This may be a problem with rooms in the older section of the hotel, not sure. There was a nice large flat screen TV, but the remote control for the TV didn't work very well. We reported this to the management, to have it politely and promptly replaced by another one that didn't work very well. Not a big deal as we were out and about a lot, but not quite what you'd expect in this class of hotel.We enjoyed the retro vibe and the fact they had not over-restored the old section, thereby leaving the character and atmosphere intact. The lobby was stunning and decorated nicely for Christmas.If we had not found an internet special (we paid about £60 per night) the hotel would have seemed overpriced to us. We stay in SF fairly often and so are familiar with the prices and range of hotels. Apart from the free NY Times delivered Mon-Sat other amenities were charged separately. However the bathroom was well-stocked with nice toiletries, and cotton bathrobes are also supplied. We were annoyed at the fact that there was no coffee-maker in the room, and from what we could tell no free morning coffee in the lobby as you often find in other US hotels.The Nob Hill location is less convenient for shopping, sightseeing and to get to other destinations, but it can be nice for the view. I definitely recommend buying a MUNI pass which gives you unlimited travel on buses, trams and cable cars (not the BART). I bought mine at the airport information desk; they sell them at various places around the city and you can get them for one day, three days, a week, etc. There is more info on the MUNI web site. If you are too tired to hike back up the hill the cable car stops at the corner next to the hotel. It is $5 one way if you have not bought a MUNI pass. I wouldn't recommend driving in SF (expensive, congested, plus there's plenty of public transport).We found the front desk staff to be polite and helpful. In our view housekeeping was also of a high standard. We did have some minor service problems the couple of times we visited the bar, where the service seemed indifferent bordering on rude. On the whole the bar had a nice atmosphere tho, with live piano music some nights.The hotel's gym is a 'real' gym, which was great and so well-equipped and professionally staffed (it is part of the Club One gym chain).We also liked the displays on the T level of the hotel, with old photos and menus etc from years past.	
Dec 4 2007 	Beautiful Hotel - Good Location	Standard King/Queen Room # 557I couldn't resist the great deal I found on this hotel from TravelZoo ($199/night + FREE breakfast - which turned out to be a $40 credit for breakfast). We only stayed one night though, wish it could have been longer!Once we pulled up, the staff there were very attentive and nice. It didn't take long to check in and even though we were early, our room was ready for us to head up to. (later we noticed in the lobby that there was a long queue to check in and only 2 attendants)THE HOTEL: The hotel was already decked out with Christmas decorations and a Christmas tree in the center of the lobby. I was impressed by the lobby of the hotel - very classy, grand and beautiful. THE ROOM: High ceilings, new large flat-screen tv, and roomy bathroom (with comfy robes!). In case anything was forgotten, the room is well stocked with amenities. Bed was a little on the hard side, but we still slept well. The walls seemed to either be really thin or the people in the room next to us really loud. We could hear every word....THE GOOD: The service was excellent, except for in the Laurel room. The waitress was a bit slow, even though it didn't seem too busy for dinner. Dinner in the Laurel Room was great, but not spectacular. Presentation was lovely. The ambiance of the hotel was very nice and gave off a relaxing and not to stuffy feeling.THE BAD: $50 for 24 hour parking!!?? Since they can get away with it, I guess they might as well....Breakfast pricing was steep as well - $29 for the buffet (albeit a very nice one) per person. I guess that's what you should expect in a hotel like that anyways. $13.95 for internet service in the room?? They should offer free WiFi!Walking to Union Square is do-able. However, walking back up the hill is a different story. It can be done, but be prepared to work your legs! We also walked down to Fisherman's Wharf, more then 4 blocks away, but that is also do-able. North Beach seemed to be just around the corner. Very good location.	
Dec 2 2007 	Rich decor but not exactly charming	Rather than looking impressive with its ultra-rich decor, the historical hotel now looks a little dated and tired. The design looks a little mismatched with an odd statue here and worn out cupboards there, which shows the difficulty of upkeeping and updating of such a large, old establishment.The simple room however contains a few nice frills. Each room was fairly large with an unnecessarily sizeable wardrobe room, as well as a surprising 32-inch LCD tv. Fairmont club members also get access to complimentary internet. As the hotel is located at a top of a slope, some rooms will get a nice view over downtown San Francisco. Otherwise you can drop by the top of the annex for a panaromic view of the city.Businesspeople will find this hotel very well equipped with a full-size gym, a few large restaurants and a business center.	
Dec 1 2007 	Fairmont SF is OK	We took my parents to SF the wkend before Thanksgiving and thought they would enjoy the Fairmont. We got a great deal ($199 incl breakfast). Let me preface things by saying my husband and I stayed at the Four Seasons, SF 3 months ago. This is NOT the Four Seasons in all aspects from service to amenitites. They don't treat you like they do there. The concierge (Asian guy) is a trifle bit too snippity for my liking. The breakfast buffet was OK. The adjoining rooms we got in the main builiding were old. Walking down the hallway was depressing enough to make me want to turn back and walk out. I don't like old old. Villa D'este, Como and Ritz Paris old I can take but this was dingy old. Anyway, if you can look past that and revel in the great deal then this is the hotel for you! We had clean sheets and clean (but small) bathrooms with nice smelling soap and shampoo. What more could one want! Amazingly my parents didn't love it too. They told me they would like something a little more updated and uplifting the next time. Oh well, at least it was a good deal.	
Nov 29 2007 	A great place to stay !!!!	My husband and I just came back from vacation in San Francisco . Nov 21-26!We stayed at the Fairmont San Francisco after finding a great deal on line for their 100th anniversary. We loved this hotel. The service was excellent. Upon arrival we were greeted by a wonderful front desk staff member named Jon. He was so nice and so accommodating. He truly made a great first impression for our arrival!!!The hotel room had a wonderful view of the bay. It was big room with lots of space and a great t.v! Couldn't have asked for a better room. Staying on top of Nob hill at first didn't seem like the best idea. The first night we struggled to walk up the enormous hills ( I am 7 mnths pregnant) but the very next day we went across the street to the next hotel gift shop where they sold 3 day passes for the cable cars. This was one of the best investments. Once riding the Cable cars everywhere we soon reliazed how much we loved the location of the Fairmont. It is much quieter and more romantic than staying down in union square and you are just a quick cable ride away from all the attraction. So if you are there for a few days I strongly recommend using the cable cars and buying the pass. Another tip---We were thirsty all the time . The stocked bar in your room is pretty pricey. So we would buy bottle water from the vending machine for only a $1 oppose to the 4.50 at the hotel from the parkade across the street!. Overall the Fairmont has exceptional service. Great Rooms and a quiet nice location. I loved this hotel and I loved our visit to San Francisco.	
Nov 26 2007 	Did not enjoy the Fairmont	Just returned from a weekend in SF. The hotel was beautiful and the staff was great. However, all was ruined by the paper thin walls. To anyone thinking they are getting a great deal with this hotel, think again. You can hear everything in the rooms beside you. We stayed on the older part of the hotel, not the tower. We had to change rooms at midnight the first night there. We were in rooms that had adjoining doors. NOT A GOOD IDEA! The hotel moved us to another room without an adjoining door, but the noise was just as loud. We were tempted to change again but decided to tough it out. Our neighbors were not overly loud, but we could hear all the coughing, conversations, and television. The hotel was extremely classic, but I would not advise anyone to stay there. Walk in and take pictures because the quietest place in the hotel was the lobby.If anyone is not sure where to stay, look for hotels in the Union Square area. All the shopping and restaurant choices are located there.Good luck!	
Nov 11 2007 	Forgettable Grande Dame	It's obviously a San Francisco institution. The history of the hotel is hard to beat -- and you are reminded of that wherever you turn. But beyond the lore, it just wasn't memorable.We went to celebrate our anniversary and were happily upgraded to a room in the original part of the hotel. The room itself was huge and had a nice view of the Bay, but the sparse furniture made it feel too spacious and unwelcoming. We joked that the closet was bigger than the kitchens in our first apartments. But why? The Tonga Room didn't feel throwback kitsch; it felt like it was tourist optimized -- like a chain theme restaurant. The bar downstairs had no sense of character or intimacy. A kind of bar that keeps its television tuned to the football game that no one seems to be watching.At $300 for a weekend night, and touting itself as the flagship property for Fairmont, I was expecting more. Truth is the hotel is any well-run Hilton stuffed into a gilded box.	
Oct 30 2007 	Gorgeous Hotel Great Service	Positives: The Fairmont is an absolutely gorgeous hotel with great customer service. My room, had a comfortable king size bed, a huge flat screen tv, a solid wood desk with a leather swivel chair, a marble counter top and marble tile in the bathroom and an impeded room was quite large and also featured a large walk in closet. I but decent view from a large window. (I was on the 5th floor). The received excellent, friendly customer service from every employee that I passed or encountered from bellhops to front desk clerks to waiters. Free Wall Street Journals, NY Times, and Financial Times available.Negatives: Gym access is $15 per day. High speed Internet access is $13 per day.The Fairmont is located at the very top of Nob Hill (directly across the street from the Intercontinental Mark Hopkins Hotel) which means that if you walk anywhere from the hotel, your walk back will be a very strenuous uphill hike. Believe me, the hill is extremely steep. So unless you're in good shape, you'll probably want to take the trolley or a cab home. The trolley runs right in front of the hotel.I definitely recommend this hotel and I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 18 2007	Very disappointed with this "luxury" hotel	I always dreamed about staying at the Fairmont, so I had high expectations. In reality the airport hotel we stayed at the night before we left SF impressed me more (and I expected less).I checked in and was told I have a room with a view of the buildings around me. I told the desk clerk that it was our wedding anniversary and she offered me an upgraded room - for an additional $60 or a less nice upgrade for $40. That really turned me off - I was already paying a ridiculous amount and if they have the room available why wouldn't they just upgrade me? Particularly since I'm a President's Club member at the Fairmont.Then she said she'd &quot;send something to my room&quot;. Nice touch, right? Nothing was ever sent - which is fine, but don't tease me.When I arrived in my room (actually a decent mini-suite) on the top floor of the old part of the hotel - there was was abosolutely no view - just decorations outside the window that prevented a view of the nearby buildings or the street.. The lobby is lovely, and the bartenders in the lobby bar were nice. The gym was crowded and nothing special. The Tonga Room restaurant was closed for a private party and we had a goof up with the Hertz counter in the hotel. Overall, nothing seemed to go quite right.We had a nice anniversary, but it would have been just as nice elsewhere.	
Oct 16 2007 	OK But Don't Overpay	I stayed at the Fairmont San Francisco the nights of October 9-11 while attending a conference at another hotel. I really enjoy the Nob Hill location and thought I would try the Fairmont as an alternative to my usual San Francisco lodging, the Mark Hopkins Interncontinental across the street. The rate at the Fairmont was approximately $60 less per night than the Mark Hopkins. I booked a king bed, non-smoking room in the main building directly through the Fairmont website.I arrived at the Fairmont in the late evening hours and check-in was a breeze. I am a member of Farimont's President's Club and was upgraded to a room with a nice view of downtown San Francisco. The bellman was very pleasant. As I got settled in my room, I called room service and ordered a shrimp caesar salad. My order arrived in good time, however the salad was rather disappointing as the salad dressing was quite overpowering. Disappointing, but not the end of the world. Being a hungry traveler, I was happy to have the salad nonetheless and finished it in short order.My room was clean and housekeeping did a fine job throughout my stay. The bed was fine and was stocked with plenty of comfortable pillows. The downside to the room, however, was (and this is my pet peeve) opening the doors to the lovely entertainment center and finding a rather smallish $199 Zenith tube television. This is 2007 guys, it's time to lose the Wal-Mart special and bring in the flat panel television. Again, disappointing, but not the end of the world.I did not use the hotel health club facilities or any of the other hotel dining options during my stay.The locaton of the hotel is a real plus, especially if you plan to travel using the cable cars, as I did. I bought a three-day MUNI pass at the airport for $18 and had unlimited access during my stay. Two cable car lines intersect at the corner California and Powell streets, right at the hotel. The hotel and my other destinations were on or near the cable car lines so this worked well for me.Even after the fairly recent renovation of the hotel, the Fairmont still seemed a little tired around the edges to me. As with the Mark Hopkins next door, there is a fine line between historic and just plain old. These two hotels both border closely to side of old and at times cross the line. Although my room at the Fairmont was larger than rooms I've had at the Mark Hopkins, my primary decision factor between the two would be price. All things considered, I saw no tangible advantage to one over the other.All in all, a generally positive stay at the Fairmont but I would consider returning only if I was able to get an comparatively attractive room rate.	
Oct 3 2007 	Great stay but expensive	I recently stayed at the Fairmont during a conference. The public areas are beautiful. The rooms are nice; bathroom is small but well maintained. I was lucky and got a high floor room with a view of the financial district, Golden Gate, and the bay - beautiful! Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The location is great - 3 blocks from China town, brief cable car ride to the Wharf, and on the main bus route. I'd stay here again in a heart beat if someone else pays. The discounted conference room rate was $250. San Francisco is gorgeous! Extra tip: Join Fairmont's frequent guest program and you won't be charged for high speed Internet; otherwise, it's $14 per day. Also, if you're visiting for a few days, buy a muni pass. Two day pass costs $11 and is good for all street cars and buses. Otherwise, each street car ride is $5. Consider visiting the Palace of the Legion of Honor. It's about a 30 minute bus ride and a short hike up a hill, but is very easy to find and get to. It's on the bay with a beautiful view and has an excellent collection of Rodin sculptures, including the Thinker. The muni pass will also get you a small discount on admission.	
Oct 3 2007	This hotel rocks!	My boss took our whole staff for a conference and we LOVED this hotel....exactly what you would envision for San Fran...right in the heart of everything.....ornate and romantic...almost straight out of a movie. Very upscale and large rooms....this hotel was one of the cleanest I had ever been to.The staff was so nice and upgraded us to a better room with panoramic views of the city. The Tonga room was a fun atmosphere with great drinks and great food.This hotel reminded me of a Vegas Hotel cause it was so large in scale and had everything you could need inside it...restaraunts...coffee bar...shops...You can't miss going here if you want to experience San Fran in style.	
Sep 30 2007 	Wonderful views and great service	My husband and I stayed for 5 nights at the beginning of Sept 07. We were fortunate enough to have a voucher which entitled us to an upgrade to a suite which we were very happy about. We stayed in the Bangkok Suite which was a real joy, we had lots of space as well as a great balcony to enjoy.We found the service at the hotel to be exceptional and we had room service several times for evening meals as well as breakfasts, all very good with quick service. We found the room service useful as we were often exhausted in the evenings after a full day of sight seeing.We would love to come back again and stay at this hotel, it's in a great location and there is so much to see and do around San Francisco.	
Sep 28 2007 	Fabulous Stay in San Francisco	Spent 2 nights recently at the Fairmont in San Francisco. We are members of the Disney Vacation Club and stayed here through an exchange.This was our first trip to SF, so we can't compare this to other hotels, but we enjoyed our stay. We had a deluxe room in the tower with a city view. We were only on the 2nd floor, so we did not have views of the bay. However, our view included the lovely rooftop garden.The room was large with a King-sized bed and high quality furnishings. One bedside table had obviously been damaged and the top needed to be refinished. However, in the scope of things, this was a minor point.The bathroom was large with a separate tub and glass-enclosed shower. There was only a single sink. When checking in, there was a long line. However, as a member of the Fairmont President's Club, we went to that desk and complete check-in promptly.The lobby and common areas are breathtaking. It was fun to read the historic posters and photos lining the hallways. We did not dine in any of the restaurants, but we did have a fruity drink in the Tonga room and listened to the live band floating on the stage. It was fun in a corny sort of way.The location at the top of Nob Hill is fairly convenient. We walked most places and took a cable car when we returned to climb the hill. The valet parking is incredibly expensive at $51.30 per night, but a necessary evil in the city. We also were disappointed there was no coffee maker and just couldn't bring ourselves to pay nearly $20 for a pot of room service coffee !!Overall, it was a very nice hotel. However, since we spent so little time in the hotel, I would not pay over $350 per night to stay again.	
Sep 23 2007 	Grand Hotel bit a bit of a disappointment	We have just returned from an around the world trip from Australia, stayed in same standard all the way but standards differed considerably Fairmont San Fran was lacking by comparison. No mention of our Wedding Anniversary, torn bottom sheet on our bed and when room service bought breakfast up the pots of jam had already been opened and used by somebody previously. I did go down the following day and report all this as it was one hotel we really were excited about, but there did not seem to be too much concern from staff. A shame because its the only one from our trip we would not return to next time, lacked special touches, also beds need upgrading. We paid for a Signature room and the view of the bay was spectacular	
Sep 22 2007 	Grand hotel and great location	My wife and I, along with another couple, stayed here for 3 nights on a west coast getaway. We got excellent rates, and aside from the front desk asking us if we wanted to upgrade to an exterior room (vs. courtyard view), we were treated very well by all the staff. Outstanding lobby and huge hallways, the rooms were good sized with all the basics (and a large closet). We did not eat in the hotel, too many other places in the city, but did have drinks in the hotel bar - very nice. Centrally located with an excellent view, would definitely stay her again.	
Sep 21 2007 	didn't come close to expectations	This is a hotel with a history - and is very grand inside, but really takes itself too seriously and comes over as rather stuffy. Breakfast was good when taken in the restaurant, but with room service it was often cold. The desk staff were fairly offhand, and offers of help appeared only with much asking. In particular, watching a visitor with a wheelchair struggle and not be offered help by staff was possibly less than optimal. It is, however, a hotel with history and I am glad I visited for that reason - but am not sure I would go back again.	
Sep 18 2007 	Unfortunately just mediocre this time	I was really looking forward to my stay but ended up quite underwhelmed. I'm actually writing this from the hotel, where I'm attending a conference. For $250/night, I would expect a room with a coffeemaker at the least, and enough space to move around without bumping into things. Although the closet is huge, the bathroom is very tiny with literally no counter space. The bedroom is like an obstacle course, with the TV positioned to the side of the bed, forcing you to view it by craning your neck to the left. The only window in the room looks across at an inner courtyard of the hotel where the ventilation system is located (i.e., not in the least bit scenic, and the drapes have to be kept closed most of the time since it faces other rooms.) The woman at the front desk during check-in asked whether I preferred a high or low floor and then put me on the second floor. I also asked to be located away from the elevator so she put me directly across from one. (All I can figure is that she was having a very bad day, but she made a horrible first impression for the hotel. She wasn't in the least bit pleasant.) The toiletries in the bathroom were good quality but It seemed that toilet paper was being rationed as I had to ask for an extra roll. I also didn't receive my copy of the Sunday Times on Sunday. Normally this kind of stuff would be overlooked by me, but it all started adding up to a not entirely pleasant stay. The bed comfort was acceptable but not the best.The hotel is within walking distance to Union Square, but keep in mind that it's uphill the whole way back if you walk. The prices in the hotel (from the mini-bar to room service to the restaurants) are all high, so it's worthwhile to check out the groceries and cafes nearby.Since I'm a President's Club member, the fitness center and internet were free of charge, so those were positives. The hotel is very ornate and interesting from a historical perspective and everything is well kept. From what I've heard, I'd ask for a room in the tower vs. in the main building where I stayed. Bottom line: I wouldn't stay here if I were paying the bill unless I got a much nicer room for the price.	
Sep 10 2007 	The Fairmont atop Nob Hill	The Fairmont San Francisco is conveniently located atop Nob Hill. It has 2 buildings. The Main Historical Building and the Tower building of 25 floors. Room Accommodations - Deluxe King NS: 5 out of 5 ratingThe view from the Tower building over looks the entire Bay Area. Alcatraz Island is right in front of your eyes with the Bay Bridge to your right. GORGEOUS VIEW! I never closed the blinds the entire trip! Day or night, the view is a site to watch! Restaurants: 3 out of 5 ratingEvery Friday between 5-8pm, they have a night of &quot;Sushi Friday' at The Laurel Court Restaurant &amp; Bar. The sushi was alright to my standards, nothing to brag about. They also have another restaurant with music and a dance floor called &quot;The Tonga Room.&quot; Stopped by to have a drink on a Friday night and there was a good crowd, however, I did not stay for more than 20 minutes as it was a much older crowd for what I was looking for.In-Room Dining: 5 out of 5 ratingGreat service! Victor was my attendant for the first few days and he was excellent! Great food consistency. Breakfast was wonderful. Ordered buttermilk pancakes &amp; bagels. I did find $7.00 for a toasted bagel to be just a bit too pricey as it did taste like any other bagel, but its IRD at a Fine hotel and its expected. Hamburger &amp; penne alredo pasta are excellent. Great quality food products.Housekeeping: 3 out of 5 ratingRoom was serviced consistently on a daily basis, however, I did not receive turn down service as it is something i believe that needs to be requested. I found that to be a bit strange.Spa &amp; Fitness Center: 2 out of 5 ratingHad a 60 minute deep tissue massage. It was not as good as I expected. This Fairmont is lacking their branded &quot;Willow Stream Spa.&quot; It is still being outsourced by a fitness center called &quot;One&quot;	
Aug 28 2007 	Nice Time at the Fairmont	The PackageJust returned from a 2-night stay at the Fairmont San Francisco. Booked the 'Centennial Package' by contacting the hotel directly. The rate was $359.50 per night but included a $100 food &amp; beverage credit, a commemorative hard-cover book highlighting the property's 100-year history, a bottle of champagne &amp; two commemorative toasting glasses. With tax, the 2 night stay was $815.31.The HotelWe stayed on the 19th floor of the recently constructed 'tower'. The view from the room was very nice. The room was not overly large although the bathroom was quite large and nicely appointed with a separate toilet area, separate tub &amp; separate shower. The hotel is very clean with very comfortable beds, nice sheets &amp; pillows. The Fairmont is a beautiful property with a classicly elegant lobby. Check in was extremely smooth. Check out was somewhat delayed as the clerk had trouble applying the $100 food &amp; beverage credit from our package but eventually got it right. The roof top garden was nice (we enjoyed our champagne on the roof). The dining room was nice but pricey (breakfast was $51). Service was fine. We never made it to the Tonga Room but it looked like fun. Parking is pricey ($50 for 24 hours) so we decided to park around the corner for $27 per 24 hours - you're in a major metropolitan area so expect to pay for parking. Rates will be lower on weekends.The ConciergeWe were celebrating our 10-year anniversary and were looking for a restaurant with a view. We asked for a reservation at &quot;Top of the Mark&quot; right across the street at the Intercontinental but the concierge suggested Julius' Castle. The cab ride was an uneventful $5.80 from the hotel but on the way home, the restaurant mentioned cabs were a problem. They called us a Town Car and mentioned it would be $15. Upon arriving on the Fairmont, the driver insisted on $20 - quite a &quot;Mark-up&quot; over the original cab fare and the 'free' walk across to &quot;Top of the Mark&quot;. Restaurant is average with a decent wine list. The outstanding dish was the Osso Bucco. The Steak au Poivre was fair (I've had better). Overall, happy we were assisted with a last-minute reservation on our anniversary and the restaurant served its purpose. The next night we inquired about a close-by restaurant for sushi and the concierge reluctantly suggested one within walking distance. The fare was fine and it met our needs.LocationGreat, great, great location. Walking distance to 3 trolley lines. Close to everything. Very nice area (I never realized how HILLY San Francisco is but it was fun).ValueGreat hotel but expect to pay big city prices... having come from NY, I wasn't blown away by the price - this is typically what you'll pay for a hotel of this caliber in a large US city. Insider TipsIf you're exploring the city, buy the full day transit pass ($11 or so) but worth it. Its fun to ride the trolleys and buses around the city.We kept our car rental in the city despite the high parking fees. We were happy to be able to drive to Golden Gate Park, up to Twin Peaks, etc. Cabs are not cheap so we were glad we had the car to explore outside the reaches of the transit system.Bring something warm for evenings / mornings. Even in August, the morning / evening weather can be cool.	
Aug 28 2007 	San Francisco's Finest	This is one of the best hotels in San Franciso that I have stayed in. The lobby is gorgeous, the rooms are luxurious (ask for a high floor! The view is awesome), and the service is great. Brunch at the restaurant was one of the best. 10 minute walk to the bart.	
Aug 28 2007 	lovely hotel	Lovely Hotel . Everything one expects from the Fairmont chain. Nice bars and lovely food. Weird coffee shop in the basement,in that its so basic and cash only. Great Kashmiri marketand general gift shop. Beautiful location in really beautiful city. Had good area advice from young restaurant manager who was very sweet and took time to invest in the guest. One issue..dont ask Concierge for Chinese food reccomendations. We were sent to the worst place in San Fransisco and the food in the city is fantastic. Trust your guide book! Overall worth every cent. Thank you Fairmont.	
Aug 28 2007	A Great San Fran Hotel!	My wife and I stayed at the Fairmont SF in August 07.When we arrived we were asked if we would like to upgrade for a small fee. ($50.00 more per night) $250.00 per night total) I thought that I had heard that story before but decided to do the upgrade. WOW! What a great room with a view of the Coit Tower, Alcatraz, Angel Island, beautiful roof tops, and blue sky and the beautiful bay.The food prices are steep here. We did eat at other great more reasonably priced places. The Tonga room two floors down was fun at Happy Hour! The service was very good. Several people with attitudes but overall very nice people were found here.This is one classy place to stay and we were glad we picked the Fairmont SF.We checked out the Union Square area and found it was great for people watching and shopping but we preferred our Nob Hill more private location.	
Aug 27 2007 	Lovely historic hotel on top of Nob Hill	The lobby and overall setting is luxurious. The rooms in the tower are modern, of adequate size, offer great views of the city, and have large bathrooms with beautiful tiles. In the bathroom, there is a shower and regular-sized bathtub. The bedding is quite comfortable. There is a gym, but it is not free, so I never used it. One drawback for some might be that it is located on top of Nob Hill, so if you need to go to the Convention Center, Fisherman's Wharf, or other tourist spot, you must be in some shape to walk. The hills are unbelievably steep. You can catch a trolley or cab outside of the hotel though.	
Aug 21 2007 	Great Location Great Property Great Price	The Fairmont in San Francisco provides exceptional value for the price.Located just blocks from China Town and the business district it is convenient to many interesting places in the city.The hotel is celebrating its 100th anniversary and has done a great job in blending the updated elegance of the past with modern amenities. Given what you get the price is very good.The only things that could be done better is the business center. Charging for use of the internet and having only two computers is uncalled for in this day and age. -- All Fairmont hotels seem to nickle dime guests when it comes to use of the internet.There always seemed to be a short line at the reception desk, another clerk would be welcome.	
Aug 21 2007 	Opulence does not replace a few basics - just OK.	The Fairmont, San Francisco is an opulent hotel. At the same time, it lacks some very basic services and operates a little like a low budget hotel. If a few policies were changed, this would be a truly great hotel! As it is, it's just okay.The great things about the hotel have mainly to do with the opulence and reputation of the place. The lobby is beautiful and there is a lot of history attached to the hotel! The views in the tower are spectacular. From our room in the tower, we could see the Bay, most of the city, the hills all around - really great. The service is responsive, though we had an issue with getting housekeeping to give us bedding that was not down (we have allergies and the housekeepers did not speak English as we tried to act out &quot;no feathers!&quot;). Also, the general facilities are great with a famous old restaurant/bar (the Tonga Room) and a great fitness room for a hotel. Finally, the bathrooms and bathroom products are really good.The bad parts were the lack of basics like coffee in the room, free access to the fitness room and internet without having to enter a mailing list (the President's Club), and the prices on minor conveniences in the hotel. Why does a great hotel not have free coffee in the rooms? Shockingly inconvenient and short-sighted. Instead, the only free coffee is in the lobby area before 7AM. That's fine for business, but stinks for vacationers who want to sleep in a little. Instead, if you wake up after 7, you have to go to the espresso bar in the basement and pay nearly $10 for coffee and a danish. There are no inexpensive cafes anywhere nearby and all other sections of town are down steep hills, the kind you don't want to climb back up immediately after you wake up - if ever. There are no soda or snack machines in the hotel that I could find - so you are stuck paying the outrageous mini-bar prices, going to the espresso bar, or paying for a full breakfast at the hotel. It seems almost as if the hotel is trying to wrestle every penny they can from customers, which feels more like a much much cheaper place. In the end, the hotel is fine and will impress you when you walk in, but just okay to average.	
Aug 12 2007 	The quintessential San Francisco Hotel	San Francisco, Fairmont, the Buckingham Suite. August 1-5, 2007.I have stayed approximately at the Fairmont ten times in the last 15 years in San Francisco. Love the town, don’t you? I’ve also had the pleasure of being at the St Francis, Four Season and Ritz Carlton, The best service in town. The quintessential SF hotel is the Fairmont. Solid on history, long on elegance, deep in tradition.The location is a few blocks off Union Square shopping. the trolley run in all directions from the Fairmont. Parking is high. Rent a car at Hertz but drop it back off before they close to save about $50. Their desk is in the lobby. This is a full service hotel. Exercise facilty is good.I called the hotel directly after using the hotel's online reservations. We asked for our main building suite with patio.(I highly recommend the patioed suites as they are perfect for lounging and breakfast.) I even verified a few days before if we could get the same suite (Karachi) that I normally like. We arrive and unfortunately the exact suite we wanted was taken. The Hotel was sold out starting Friday and they upgraded us to the Buckingham Suite. This is a very nice suite that is gracious enough to entertain easily 20+. We only entertained a total of 7, easily handled and the room service was superb, on par with Ritz Carlton or 4S.The rooms in the tower are very nice with KILLER views in the higher rooms, but I like the charm of the main building suites. Some of the front corner suites are nice for a family, e.g. two baths and a side room is available. DO NOT stay here if you are pinching pennies. This is a Big Dog hotel with Big Boy prices. (Better yet if someone else pays via expense account). They don’t gouge, it is a premium priced hotel for exclusivity and old traditional ambiance. DON’T stay here if you need outrageous attention levels from the staff. They are good but it won’t be the level of 4Seasons or Ritz Carlton, maybe a B+ instead of A+ on that level. (Frankly I rate them A but my wife is more particular and gives them a B…so B+) Maid staff A, Front Desk A, Bell A, Concierge B+, Restaurants B.The restaurant facilities are very adequate however in this town one doesn’t go to a hotel for fine dining, well excluding the Ritz’s Dining room which is extraordinary. One must have a causal night at the Tiki style Tonga Room. They have a nice happy hour. Hawaiian shirt preferred. Very campy but a Mecca for those who worship the flaming drinks styled ala Trader Vics. The convention facilities appear to be very adequate as I peered in and viewed a few large meeting over the years. High Speed internet is in the rooms. President Club members aren’t charged but everyone else gets hit for a few $s.This is a wonderful Hotel if you want to feel swank in San Francisco	
Aug 7 2007 	Luxurious and beautiful but pricey hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Fairmont for one week at the end of July, 2007. He was there for business, while I was there on holiday. We have previously stayed at both pricey and cheaper hotels, but I have never been more overwhelmed than I was by the opulence of the Fairmont’s lobby – it is breathtakingly lavish, with old-style glamour. Our room on the 21st floor in the new tower had generous proportions, and the bathroom was big with a separate (big) shower cubicle next to the bath. The room had an extremely comfortable super king sized bed, and the most comfortable pillows I’ve ever rested my head on (lots of hotel pillows tend to be too thick, whereas the Fairmont’s were just right). We had what would’ve been a lovely view of the city and parts of the bay (but not of Alcatraz or the Golden Gate, which you’d have to pay a premium for), had the windows been clean. The view was still lovely, just not particularly clear.All the hotel staff (apart from some of the bar staff, who seemed a bit disrespectful and slow) we encountered were friendly and courteous, without being ‘in-your-face’. To me, the epitome of high class service is just that – second to none, but discreet. The hotel is in a good, safe location on Nob Hill, which is close enough for a short walk to Union Square, but away from the worst hustle and bustle, and best of all – away from the tramps. It is possible to walk to most sights from the hotel, although you need to be fit (or willing to put in the work and ensuing pain of walking up and down the hills of SF). I spent, on average, about 4-5 hours a day walking, concentrating on 2 sights a day. Granted, I wore the wrong kind of shoes the first couple of days, but my legs (already reasonably fit from cycling) were in serious pain for the whole of the week spent in SF.It’s been mentioned before, but is worth mentioning again, as many seem to have missed it – join the ‘President’s Club’ before you arrive! It costs nothing, but gives you free internet access for your laptop, free local calls, free use of the gym and many other benefits.Negatives and alternatives:• It was hard to get a table for breakfast. This was not a big deal for us though, as there are plenty of diners down the road for cheaper breakfasts (yes, it involves walking down the very steep hill for a few blocks, and then all the way back up again, but you might need that anyway after the stodgy American breakfasts served).• The service tended to be a bit slow in the bar.• The walls are a little bit on the thin side, although I’ve experienced much worse in other places.• Not sure if this is common in hotels generally, but our floors were never cleaned (not that big a deal to us, but this is not a cheap hotel. I only noticed it in this one because I dropped some popcorn on the floor early on in our visit, and these were never removed, which then made me notice the rest of the dirt on the floors that remained throughout our stay. No biggie though.). It was also hard to enjoy the view, or see what the weather was really like, as the windows were very dirty on the outside. They also ought to clean the peephole in the door, as it was difficult to see who was there because the glass was so grimy.• The parking fee of almost $50/night is extortionate. There are cheaper options, however – depending on how much time you plan to have your car parked. All parking lots in the area tend to be very expensive, but if you plan to use your car for half of the day, then a better option is to go to one of the parking lots nearby that charges per 12 hours rather than like the Fairmont’s, per 24 hours. If, like my husband, you sometimes have long days of meetings, and come back after 7 in the evening and leave by 9 in the morning, you can park for free on the street (you may need to circle the adjacent blocks for a while for this though). Overall, I loved this hotel, despite its foibles that, in some cases, can actually be seen as rather charming. It is, after all, a rather old hotel, with the eccentricities and personality fitting of a 100-year-old high-class charmer.	
Aug 3 2007 	Overpriced but posh	Stayed for one night at the Fairmont SF. Very friendly staff, and our room was upgraded as the hotel was sold out and they decided to upgrade all their club members. Room was a standard issue room with a great view of the city and harbour. Bed was comfy as usual with Fairmont. Too far from Fisherman's Wharf for my taste, but just a 6 dollar cab ride to the waterfront. Can head to Alcatraz, etc. from there. Front desk staff are a bit fake and snooty but very helpful and regularly ask how you are enjoying your stay. I only paid 179USD to stay so was worth that price, but wouldn't pay more. No coffee in room and no swimming pool. Not really a kid friendly hotel either, mostly business execs and older crowd. Overall good experience but not my kind of place to hang out with a child. Be sure to request to stay in the newer tower.	
Jul 27 2007 	Happy Honeymoon....NOT HERE!	The wife and I thought we would splurge for 2 nights on our honeymoon and stay at the world famous Fairmont Hotel as a special treat. Sadly, no treat was had. We arrived and they didn't have a room for us. We told them that it was our honeymoon and asked if we would get a king bed. The man congratulated us and informed us that a king bed would be an additional $30/day. I'm not looking for a hand-out but he did make us wait for 15 minutes to find a room and it was our honeymoon. The lobby was nice and very beautiful. Our room however was not a nice. They put us in a room with a lovely view of the other rooms of the Fairmont, right next to the elevator and next to some sort of main sprinkler room that made noise all night. For $300/night I expected a bit more. Plus it was $15/day for an internet connection and $50/day to park the car. Every place today offers free internet. Just sad. For the money and the reputation that the Fairmont has, we were very disappointed. Better off staying somewhere else and saving the money!	
Jul 26 2007 	Almost Great	The Fairmont Hotel is in (S)Nob Hill, a wonderful place to be in SF. The hotel itself is beautiful, but I experienced two minor problems. First, they charged me $13 for minibar goodies that I never consumed. Second, the walls in my particular room (591) were unbelievably thin, but I think that problem may be unique to that particular room.I had no problem with the staff, and everything else about the experience was wonderful. I stayed here for 4 nights.	
Jul 24 2007 	Fairmont Hotel San Francisco	The Fairmont Hotel, with a beautiful location atop Nobb Hill, is truly is a beautiful property. The service was top notch—from the staff checking us in, to the always helpful concierge. There was a bit of a mix up with our room—they had us down for a king room instead of two queens as requested, but they were able to accommodate us, and I even got a call once we checked in, to apologize for the inconvenience.The lobby is breathtaking, with big marble columns and is lavishly decorated with plenty of seating. The corridors are furnished with interesting historic photographs – some dating back to the earthquake in 1906. The hotel only sustained minor damage, yet everything around the hotel was leveled. There are posters hanging from the various movies that were filmed there and of course the TV series, Hotel, and lots of photos of famous guests throughout the years.The meeting rooms are very ornate and seem perfect for a convention’s needs. It seems the meeting staff is very much on top of things—there were several meetings being held during the course of our visit and from what I could observe, it seemed that the clients were in good hands.The room was fairly small, but comfortably furnished with nice linens and towels. The marble bathroom had a tub and separate shower making it accessible for my mother who would not have been able to negotiate a tub. For business travelers, room features included a spacious work desk, a multi-line telephone with voice-mail and High Speed Internet Access. There was a Web TV keyboard for those without a laptop.Valet parking is a bit expensive--$49 a night, but parking in SF is expensive in general, as is the case in any big city. The valet attendants were very friendly and professional. We rented a wheelchair for my mother and the Fairmont gave me a great recommendation. This company delivered and picked up the wheelchair, making it very convenient for us. It was $69 for the three days we were there. Across the street is the Mark Hopkins Hotel, which houses Top of the Mark, a great spot for a drink with excellent views of San Francisco. The hotel is in a spot where each of the city’s cable cars meet. North Beach and Chinatown are within a short walk, Fisherman’s Wharf and Union Square are a cable car ride away.The hotel lobby had a complimentary coffee cart set up each morning. In addition there was a coffee shop one level below the lobby where one could buy coffee and pastries. There aren't many places nearby to get a quick bite to eat, nor are there any stores in the immediate area, but again the cable lines run right by the hotel.All in all we very much enjoyed our stay at this historic grand dame of hotels.	
Jul 20 2007 	Very fine but nickel and dime	Stayed at the Fairmont for a week and had an overall positive experience. Our room was upgraded because they were late in having our room available when we arrived there. The service was top rate and the staff was very courteous. There was a great feel of history in that location. What irritated me is they charged you $15 a day for internet access and you had to pay $15 per day to use the exercise room. Also, there was no coffie maker in the room. I travel extensively and most of the hotels I have stayed in provide these services free. I feel that for a $400 per day room Fairmont management would be wise to this. I am forwarding this review to them in hopes that they will consider this in the future.	
Jul 16 2007 	Looks great but seems to be all show	Stayed at the Fairmont for 2 nights end of June. It looks fantastic from the outside and the lobby is very impressive, the staff were a little snooty. When we checked in they had upgraded us, great, but changed our room type from twin beds to a king bed. We pointed out that we had specified a twin room at booking and they asked for proof this which I duly presented, they looked at this but just advised that after the upgrade this was no longer available, we asked to be 'down graded' again but this was not possible as they were now full. After a battle they agreed to provide a roll away and told us quite pompously that altough they usually charge for these they would waive the cost for us, like we should be grateful ! The rooms are quite dark and gloomy and the walls are paper thin, I really didnt want to hear what I heard quite clearly from the room next door and the pipes banging at 7 in the morning. The location is ok but not for the less fit or able. Of course all of the city is hilly but as you are perched right at the top of Nob Hill even a short walk involves a very steep incline, if we were to go again I would stay either at Union Square or Fishermans Wharf, this would be comfortable. Also watch out if you order room service, we were so exhausted after trekking up and down from the hotel we ordered this one night but when we checked out the bill for this meal had doubled, by the time they added on an in room delivery charge and various other taxes and gratuities, our $30 bill ended up being $60. This hotel looks great but seems to be all show, no substance, I wouldn't stay here again	
Jul 5 2007 	Weekend getaway	I am fortunately to live only a short drive from this magnificent city and hotel. We booked a Signature Room in the Tower, 14th floor, views of all the bridges, Alcatraz Island, Coit Tower. Amazing! Everything about the room was first class. Great bathroom and amenities. Bed wonderful.You feel so classy staying in this piece of history and on your way to the Tower elevators, you can view the history of the hotel in pictures. Wonderful.Location to everything is wonderful as well. Always hop down to Chinatown for Sam Wo, bakery goods.This place is worth the $$$$. Join the Presidents Club and you will get email offers, which is what we took advantage of.	
Jun 26 2007 	Nice but not spectacular	I was lucky enough to say here for one night last weekend for a Bachelorette party and I didn’t have to pay for it. First off the hotel is beautiful inside and out with so much attention to detail all around. I loved hove everything in the hotel preserved its history and seemed regal in all ways. We stayed in the “Stuart Suite” on the 23rd floor. The views were stunning from all angles. The shower’s marble floor was a bonus and the telescope provided a nice added touch.As for the bathroom, I was very surprised that during my shower, the water turned off! Although it went back on in less than 30 seconds, it was not pleasant as it reminded me of a nasty, low quality hotel I stayed at in the past. Not to mention that the water pressure was quite low. There were no fans or vents in the bathroom which surprised me as well. I also thought the bed was too firm and not as comfortable as I would have liked. Some of the hotel guests were friendly and not as snobby as they appeared but one of the hotel staff was slightly rude but did escort us in the right direction. This place is a maze, by the way, as it was difficult to find the way on our own.Valet parking is $45 and if you have visitors, parking is almost impossible in the area! I don’t think I’d splurge on a room here and I probably wouldn’t stay here on my own expense. But if it’s on a business account or if it’s on someone else’s tab it is definitely worth a try (just to say you’ve been there).	
Jun 22 2007 	Fairmont is the hotel for you	I expected a lot of this historic hotel and I was not let down during my whole stay. I stayed in a Suite and the room is spacious and very very comfortable and clean. Check in was painless as was the check out as well. There are loads of hands to assist with luggage as well as help to show you to your room. The breakfast is great and the restaurants menus do cater for many tastes as well. The Foyer is beautiful with original features and elegantly laid out. I would definitley recommend this hotel to anyone who is considering a classic hotel to stay in within SFO.	
Jun 21 2007 	Fairmont deserves great reputation; excellent for meetings	We conducted a small conference of about 100 people at the Fairmont and were treated with the utmost respect and good service. The hotel rooms were well-appointed, the hallways tastefully redecorated and the service excellent. The meals and snacks for the conference were outstanding. My only criticisms are that the hotel staff were too anxious to clear away the refreshments served during the breaks, important for us due to our staggered schedule, and parking there is so outrageously expensive, we were inconvenienced to have to park elsewhere in the area.	
Jun 17 2007 	Great Old style luxury hotel	Stayed her for almost a week for a conference. I was upgraded to a gigantic suite (The Diplomat Suite) on the 22 floor in the tower. The room was of course great with fantastic views. All other experiences were also great. Hitghly recomended. Only downside was a lot of hills to get down to union square	
Jun 9 2007 	The Fairmont is a true classic	I stayed at the Fairmont for the first time this week, for a national conference. I was excited about staying at such an historic property, and the Fairmont did not disappoint me. It was classically beautiful, and I could sense the &quot;ghosts&quot; that had sat in lobby during the last 100 years. Recent renovations have restored it to its early splendor.Location is nice -- I was able to walk down to Chinatown for dinner (try the House of Nanking). and take a cable car back up to the hotel.A couple of tips -- stay in the tower if you can. The views are fabulous. Avoid staying in a room that connects to a suite -- there's no soundproofing between the rooms. (Good thing I always bring earplugs.) Others have complained about the service, but with one exception, everyone was helpful to me, from bellhops to doormen. The exception was in the hotel bar. Terribly slow service, brought us the wrong drinks, couldn't figure out how to split a check. It was a jarring aberration to an otherwise great stay.I hope my travels bring me here again. Especially if someone else is paying.	
Jun 8 2007 	Loved the view of the bay	Stayed in a romantic room with views of the Bay. Awesome! Loved the location, too. Highly recommended (if you can get a room with a view). If you can't get a view, then I don't think this hotel is any more special than any other.	
May 29 2007 	Romantic Weekend	My wife and I stayed at the Fairmont Hotel for Memorial Day weekend and had a very nice time.The Hotel is old, very old. This adds to the charm. The carpet and furniture are a bit worn (not bad). The lobby is large and very nicely appointed. Plenty of seating areas.We booked the room on a travel web site, as they offered the best price. I am usually reluctant to book at a travel web discount site, as usually these rooms are the worst in the house (my experience, I could be wrong). When we arrived (about 4:30 pm), the desk clerk asked if we wanted an upgrade for 30$ a night. We took it, and got a beautiful corner room. The room was spacious, clean and nice. Room Service: fast, nice presentation, and very good food.Tonga Room: We felt we had to experience this restaurant/happy hour. Sorry we did. Skip it. Not great, just a so so hotel bar. We do not regret going to the Tonga Room for happy hour, but our time could have been spent better.Location. The location is wonderful. The cable car lines, meet at the hotel, so it is easy to get around. The views from there are great. It is so easy to get anywhere. Union Square and Chinatown are just down the hill (walkable). Fisherman's Wharf is a short cable car ride away.The only downsides of the hotel are the Bellmen and no coffee maker in room. The Bellmen were non-existent. We arrived by cab (dressed nicely -- touristy --), and no one asked if we wanted help with our bags. We checked in the desk clerk rang the bellman to help us with our bags, and no one came. We would come in from &quot;touring&quot; and no one would open a door for us. We would leave for the morning, and no one asked if we wanted a cab hailed. We dress appropriately, we tip nicely. There were plenty of bellmen at the front door. I noticed we were not the only ones who they ignored. It seemed they ignored anyone who was a &quot;tourist&quot;. If a person was there in a jacket and tie, they did help. The only other downside was no coffee maker in room. I know this is petty, but we stay in many nice hotels a year, and they all have a coffee maker in the room. Room service for just coffee is not practicable (not referring to money, but effort and time). I know I spent more time writing about the downside, but this should not mean I would not recommend the property. I will recommend it and we will stay there again. The hotel is beautiful, and quite. We had a nice weekend.	
May 20 2007 	Wonderful Experience!	What a wonderful hotel! From the time I was dropped off at the door until the time I left the service was excellent. I mean service that I haven't seen in awhile! We received a room that faced the bay overlooking Alcatraz. What a view! Make sure you check out the garden on the top of the hotel. Beautiful! Especially in the mornings. The room was clean, the beds and linens were exceptionally great! Especially after walking the city limits all day! Room service and the front desk were great too - seeing as I was on business and need faxes sent to my room and breakfast was on time at my door (actually a little early). The hotel was celebrating it's 100th birthday and in the main corridor are great pictures and photo's of the past. I would stay at this hotel again in a minute!	
May 20 2007 	Excellent location	Great location. Within walking distance of North Beach and China Town. We took the cable car down to Fisherman's Wharf and paid $11 for an all day cable car pass. The hotel was very quiet considering how much traffic there is around it. You can't go wrong staying here.	
May 19 2007	Only OK	Room was a decent size, clean and fairly comfortable (air-con did not work) - I rate the room a 4. However, can only give a 2 for service and 3 for location. I have stayed at many hotels from zero star to 5 stars and I rate the bell staff, front desk staff (there was one exception) of this hotel at the lower end - very surprising given I certainly expected more from the Fairmont. Bellboy/girl dropped my suitcases from the rack (was not an accident - she just dragged it off) then just dragged it down the stairs to the taxi. Don't bother talking to the doormen - most unfriendly ones I have encountered.Located on top of Nob Hill - OK if you want to stare at the view all the time but there is little else nearby - I will stay at the bottom of the hill nearer to Union Square next time (Chancellor Hotel where I stayed last time was a better choice).	
May 8 2007 	A Wonderful Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Fairmont from 4/21/07-4/26/07 and loved every minute of it.Some background: we're both professional New Yorkers in our late thirties/early forties. We've been to San Francisco numerous times and truly love the City. This was our first time staying at the Fairmont.We arrived at the hotel around 11:00 am and were attended to immediately at the check-in area. The woman who helped us was friendly and professional. She advised us that our room was located in the historic Fairmont building, but could offer us a room in the Tower for a reasonable fee. We agreed to the offer and, after getting to our room (which was ready), were very happy that we did.Our room was located on the 7th Floor. We had a beautiful view of the Bay, Alcatraz and Coit Tower. The windows opened, which allowed us to get some fresh air in while we slept. A nice size television (complete with video game &amp; internet console, which we never used) was located in the armoire, along with the usual (and usually expensive) mini-bar/snack area.The marble bathroom was very large, with a glass enclosed shower, separate tub and a somewhat separate toilet area. Standard toiletries were provided, as well as a full size hair dryer and scale.The only amenity that the room lacked was a coffee maker, which was sorely missed. However, there is a coffee shop on the lower level of the lobby.The lobby itself is absolutely beautiful - everything you'd expect in an historic hotel. There's an ATM on premises, as well as a beauty salon, gift shop and some boutique shops.The lobby bar is in the same room as the Laurel Court restaurant. As in most hotels, drinks were expensive ($6.00 for domestic beer). We only ate breakfast once in the Laurel Court and it was very nice, but pricey.The Tonga Room is located downstairs from the lobby and is very tropical-cheesy, in a good way. The location of the hotel was fairly central, just a walk down the (very steep) hill to Union Square, etc. The three cable car lines converge near the hotel, so if one isn't up for walking, transportation is very accessible. While others may deem the area too quiet, we really liked being away from the crowds and felt very safe there. The hotel is located directly across the street from the Mark Hopkins. Make sure to stop by the Top of the Mark for drinks and an amazing view of the City (when it's not foggy).All in all, we loved our stay at the Fairmont and will definitely stay there on our next visit.	
Apr 10 2007 	Best of San Francisco	My husband and I stayed at the Fairmont in November to celebrate his 40th birthday. After reading the reviews we choose the Fairmont and were definitely happy with our choice. It is located on top of Nob Hill with beautiful views and easy access to China Town and Union Square, Fishermans Wharf area by cable car. I loved the lobby with all the marble columns and traditional elegance. The rooms were equally beautiful. Don't miss the extensive breakfast buffet which was included in our room rate. It was the best we have ever had with a variety of hot and cold dishes. I don't have anything negative to say so you can book this hotel without hestation as being one of the best historical hotels in San Francisco.	
Mar 9 2007	Excellent service and attention	I stayed here for one night in March 2007. My purpose for travel was to tour the city, I wanted to be close to Chinatown and Grace Cathedral. I am a President's Club member which means I am get a lot of free goodies, such as internet, local calls, newspaper etc etc. Joining President's Club is free and they have great rates. Since I was recently married at another Fairmont Property, I received a complimentary room upgrade and bottle of champagne- very classy touch.I have to say that this is hotel provided excellent service. Several times I made requests: USB cables, razors and shaving cream, toothpaste, boiling hot water for Artisan tea, printed directions, and all requests were quickly met. The staff went above and beyond!The hotel is located in the most perfect spot, close walk to China Town, Grace Cathedral, and only a 5 minute taxi ride from the BART station.Just before dinner a maid came by to offer more towels, turn down service with post cards and other amenities.We had two meals at the hotel: firstly we had lunch in the Laurel Court which has gorgeous murals on the wall, but I was not impressed with the food.. Lunch for two is approximately $50.00 We had the chicken quesadillas, and the crab cakes. The Crab cakes while expensive were lovely, but the quesadillas were cold and far too seasoned and salty. The Tonga room, was much more fun, and casual. Dinner for two there was $70 and I found the food to be more flavorful and of better quality. Warning- the Tonga room is very cheesey and slightly tacky but in a charming way. See my restaurant reviews for more details.I have stayed at the Mark Hopkins but will stay here from now on, since the staff at the Mark Hopkins was difficult.	
Feb 28 2007 	Great hotel great service	Was there for a long weekend. Stayed in the tower (the hotel has two buildings) Had phenomenal views of the bay, alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge. Found the staff to be amazing and extremely accomodating. Were there when you needed them, were not when you didnt. Even room service was very good.. how often do you hear that about a hotel? Would definetly recommend for vacationers and romantic weekends. Great location. Much nicer than the Stanford Court and Mark Hopkins, where I have been in the past. All of the cable car lines meet right at the corner btw. One quick hint, there is a little local restaurant about a block away called the Nob Hill Cafe. VERY reasonable prices (as it is not for tourists but locals) and very good food! Right next door is a convenience store as well. Just north of Grace Cathedral.	
Feb 21 2007 	Beautiful Old Be prepared and you won't be disappointed	We came home yesterday from a 4 night stay at the Fairmont. We were part of a very large group in a conference, so we didn't have much individual contact with the hotel staff themselves (we had our own staff taking care of what we needed). However, I can comment on the room, location, food etc.I specifically called the day before arrival and asked for a &quot;quiet room, with a view&quot;. Our room that we first got was HUGE, with an enormous walk in closet (a dressing room 100 years ago, no doubt). But it was on the 3rd floor at the front of the hotel, with a roof directly outside the window. Since we wanted to leave the window open, this was not secure. They moved us to the 5th floor at the back of the hotel (which is MUCH higher to street level than the front of the hotel). The room was slightly smaller but the view was much better. I hear the tower views are TREMENDOUS but we were in the older building. The building is noisy. You definitely can hear other people. I bought ear plugs (after reading reviews on this site!) and that worked really well. The beds and linens were nice. The air/cond didn't work well, but fortunately for us we had the window open most of the time. Every day was a challenge to see if there was enough hot water for a shower. Could be cuz large groups of us were preparing for meetings or dinner at the same time. But, it was a problem EVERY time, so that might mean it's always a problem. The hotel is lovely - very attractive. The character and charm is definitely worth a visit. The outdoor staff (valets?) were great - even giving me a water bottle one day when they heard me say I wish I'd brought water before getting on our bus trip. Location is spectacular. Food was always in a big group. The buffet breakfasts (all 4 morning) were average - invariably the hot food was cold or lukewarm (never hot). We had 2 dinners there - the first night buffet was fine. Not bad. The served dinner was delicious. And they served hundreds of people so that is a good sign. And the dishes and cutlery are BEAUTIFUL. We were happy with this - be prepared that it's an older place, and you'll like it. If you expect all new and modern, you may be disappointed.	
Feb 17 2007	Less than Ideal	I stayed here for a week in February for a professional conference. I have stayed at other Fairmont hotels and been very happy. However, when we arrived to check in we were told there were no rooms with 2 beds available. The first room they put us in was the size of a broom closet. Two of us were splitting a room and had to share a bed because they were so inflexible. Friends of ours had to threaten to cancel their reservation before getting a room with 2 beds. Some of the managerial staff was shockingly inflexible - if you're the manager at a hotel of this caliber, your job is to please your customers not compound their aggravation. The location is nice. However, I would not stay here again, even for a professional conference. If I attend another conference at this hotel, I will stay at the Stanford Court: Renaissance Hotel or Mark Hopkins Intercontinental - both beautiful hotels with helpful staff, and located immediately across the street from the Fairmont. Rooms were fine, but not as nice as other Fairmont hotels I've stayed in before.The gym was very crowded in the morning, but is free if you join the President's club (it's free to join). There are nice places to run nearby, if you can handle all the hills in San Fran.	
Jan 12 2007 	Wouldn't stay here again	My husband surprised me with a romantic night at the Fairmont in San Francisco - a place that is, no doubt beautiful The hotel is perfectly attended to and our room was romantic and comfortable - the main problem wit this hotel is the lack of communication among staff members &amp; the lack of customenr service knowledge. My husband booked a special package and from the moment we arrived, nothing was as he was promised. He contacted management to straighten it out, but after multiple attempts, he was still trying to work out the kinks the next morning when we checked out. In all honesty, I really felt bad because my husband worked so hard on this special night. We had a great time, enjoyed the room and our view. We also had dinner in the Laurel Court, which was amazing. I think that it is a wonderful hotel, but if you need assistance in any way, I wouldn't count on the staff to be there for you. When we got home I wrote a letter tou the hotel manager and the regional manager explaining the mess of a situation that my husband was put in. I got a standard letter back stating that they were sorry and that the situatin would be addressed. they also extended a &quot;free upgrade&quot; for our next stay. With the amount of great hotels taht we have in SF,we won't be returning to the Fairmont. This was not cheap either - it was about $400 for the package - I'd rather stay at the Ritz Carlton in SF, like we have before!	
Jan 3 2007 	Great for a visit not for a stay	My boyfriend and I went to San Francisco to celebrate New Year's and stay at the Fairmont despite the Trip Advisor review. The decision was based on a raving recommendation of a friend that lives in San Francisco. While the lobby and some other rooms are gorgeous, the sound quality of the rooms (you really can hear everything) and the majority of the Fairmont staff are not up to standards. We were overcharged for room service (3 breakfasts rather than 2) and got zero assistance from the concierge. Our bellhop, on the other hand, was very helpful and informative - they really should switch jobs. Save your money and use it to stay in another hotel. I'm really sorry to say that but it's the truth - our friend had never spent a night in the hotel and had only gone in for dinner/drinks. That's all you'll want to do here.	
Dec 9 2006 	Do Not Stay Here!!	Do not stay here! As a long time patron of the Fairmont-SF, I was appaled upon a recent stay with the horrible service. In the past, I had received impeccable service and a fantasitc room. As a Fairmont President's Club member, I had simply phoned the hotel, booked a suite and everything was fantastic. My latest experience left me never wanting to stay at the Fairmont-SF ever again. Apparently management at the hotel has changed and they do not care if you are a returning guest, a new guest, or anything at all except being rude with everyone with whom they come into contact. Whatever you do, don't stay here! The hotel itself is beautiful but current management is atrocious - they need to learn that the customer is always right, not that &quot;new&quot; management is going to change things and treat old customers like dirt. Whatever you do, don't stay here! You will be sorry and disappointed!	
Dec 3 2006 	Wouldn't stay here again	We stayed here in November 2006 while on honeymoon in California. While I can't fault the hotel staff or services, the whole stay was ruined for me by the noise from the adjoining rooms. We had a room on the 2nd floor of the original hotel, and we had interconnecting doors with the rooms either side of us. If it wasn't the couple next door keeping us awake with their lovemaking (yeuch), it was a kid playing computer games in the room on the other side! You really could hear *everything* as if the people were in the room with you. This totally ruined our stay. That aside, the room was big with a view of the bay and Alcatraz; the staff were friendly and helpful; and we had a great meal via room service one night. The lobby is impressive, but I found the rest of the hotel a bit dark and shabby chic. We stayed at cheaper hotels on our honeymoon, like the Bellagio in Vegas and the Georgian in Santa Monica and had no problems whatsoever. I'm sure there are better places to stay in San Francisco, and if we ever go back we'll hope to find them instead.	
Nov 23 2006 	Incredible!!	We visited the SF Fairmont while on our honeymoon 11 years ago and returned for a memorable anniversary celebration. We travel for business and pleasure 2 or 3 times a year and have experienced hotel stays that rate from horrible to extraordinary. Our recent 4 night stay at the SF Fairmont was incredible. The city of SF and the surrounding areas have so much to offer travelers - beauty, character, history, friendly locals, excellent food, shopping and -- The Fairmont! We will return to SF in a couple of years and will definitely again stay at the Fairmont. Everything about our stay there was exceptional. This is a very fine and famous hotel with excellent service and amenities. The staff was terrific, never pretentious or indifferent. Everyone was always ready to help and offer more comfort or assistance. From the moment we arrived until our departure, we felt welcomed and appreciated. The lobby is absolutely gorgeous. The young lady who checked us in (front desk manager) could not have been more accommodating and seemed to truly enjoy her job. Our room was clean and fresh everyday. The bed - terrific. The view! The view! The view! Our room was in the tower and the sweeping view from Golden Gate Br to the Bay Br was awesome and romantic. The breakfast buffet was excellent. The front desk staff, concierge, valet, bar tenders, waiters, housekeepers, bellmen - many thanks to all for a job well done. General Manager and travelers, take note. This crew and their gorgeous hotel will make your SF trip much more enjoyable, romantic and memorable.	
Nov 14 2006 	You can't beat this view	We stayed at the SF Fairmont for three nights vacation Nov 9-12, and our experience was fantastic. I would strongly suggest that if you are going to spend the money for a nice hotel like this, then upgrade to the signature room. We got one for a great price compared to the listed price by calling the hotel directly. The view from the huge picture window of our 18th floor room was incredible - from the entire GG Bridge to the left, to Alcatraz straight ahead, to the bay and the Transamerica tower to our right, to the city below. The bathroom was beautiful tile, clean as a whistle, and the separate shower in particular was the best I've ever had in a hotel, instant hot water and great water pressure. The rest of the room was average but spotless. You can definitely hear traffic below, the windows aren't soundproof, it was minimal, but the view made it seem like the penthouse. We only ate in the hotel restaurant twice, both for the breakfast that came with our room and their buffet was outstanding. There were also apparently quite a few conferences taking place at the hotel during this time, but it never seemed crowded. The lobby is beautiful and comfortable with plenty of places to sit. The hotel staff that we dealt with were all very friendly, not one problem. The hotel's location was perfect, especially if you want to ride the cable cars a lot. Buy yourself a pass (which unfortunately for some reason they don't sell at the Fairmont considering its location). And a note to an earlier review: when getting off of the cable car behind the hotel, you don't need to walk up the big hill to enter through the hotel front door; simply enter through the parking garage in the rear, follow the walkway to the elevator, saves a lot of walking. Catch any of the 3 cable car routes right behind the hotel and it's easy to get to many places. Thers's also plenty to see just walking around Nob Hill - beautiful apartment buildings, a nice park, or walk the labyrinth at the cathedral a few streets over. Without the view we had, this still would have been a nice hotel, but the view made us feel like this hotel was the greatest.	
Nov 12 2006 	A Nobs Life	Classy,Classy,ClassyFrom the beautiful roofotp gardens to the jaw dropping lobby this grande dame takes your breath away !Stayed for a medical conference in June in lovely elegantly appointed spacious room .Had a high floor room with sweeping views of the city .V comfortable bed and huge marble bathroomExcellent location Nob Hill away from the tackiness of Fishermans Wharf and only a short distance to Chinatown and Union Square.Felt very safe as a single female traveller with friendly professional staff .Enjoyed breakfast buffet and in room dinner.Gives you an idea of Old San Francisco highlife .As someone who is very picky about her hotels I would highly recommend it	
Nov 8 2006 	Noisey Bland Hotel	The lobby is Great, but it all ends there. I was in SF to attend a business conference and unfortunately selected the Fairmont instead of the Conference host property in order to use my Fairmont's President's club &quot;benefits&quot;. I stayed in the tower section on the 16th floor and the noise from outside was shocking. I could hear traffic, sirens and cable cars grinding there way up the hills 24/7. Stay somewhere else with better-constructed walls if you want to sleep. I was not offered any of the Fairmont President's Club (their frequent stay program) Platinum Level benefits such as the &quot;automatic&quot; upgrade to best room available, I also attempted to use one of my Platinum level suite upgrade coupons which they would not honor, nor did I receive a President's club platinum level welcome amenity. Why bother using any Fairmonts if you cant redeem your benefits? The Fairmont President's Club is worthless! I would tell anyone going to SF to make another selection if considering the Fairmont.	
Oct 27 2006 	Great style	The location of the hotel is great, at the top of nob hill, good views of San Fransisco and with the tram car at the back of the hotel. The style and decor is old world, attractive and comfortable. A grand entrance and lobby. The best part for me was the bed, very, very comfortable. Having stopped over on the Auckland - London route, I had an excellent sleep in the bed. My room was on the 1st floor, in the original hotel. There seems to be a modern (1980's?) tower block next door. The outside street was a little noisy, its those trams going up the hill that ring their bell. Not a huge problem, but a room further from the trams may be an idea. Good bathroom, large, great towels, lots of hot water.A lot of banquet and conference facilities, the hotel accommodates a lot of these. Service, staff all on top of their jobs, pleasant and attentive.Fairly pricey stay, but a great experience, and I would stay here again.	
Oct 5 2006 	Fabulous!	This hotel is exactly what you would expect of a grand historic hotel: gorgeous, luxurious, genteel staff, amazing breakfast buffet. The perfect location on classy Nob Hill is removed from the more raucous tourist areas but at the intersection of the cable car lines providing easy access to all of the sights.	
Oct 4 2006 	Beautiful Hotel with Spectacular Views	We truly enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We had a corner room, which offered two different views of the city. The room was very spacious and impeccably clean. The bathroom was gorgeous with marble countertops, large shower, and separate bath. The bed was incredibly comfortable. Decor was elegant but not overdone. Nice selection of drinks and snacks in the mini bar.The hotel lobby was very impressive. The person who checked us in was especially friendly and knowledgeable about the hotel. We called the front desk a couple times to ask questions and the staff members were very helpful.The Tonga Room is a fun place to have dinner or drinks. A band plays top 40 in a boat in the middle of a pool with fake rain showers. it's a little corny but still entertaining. Be aware that they charge an &quot;entertainment fee&quot; per person even if you are having dinner. The only negative during the stay was having to wait about 10 minutes to get our car from the valet. It is probably best to call ahead.	
Sep 21 2006 	Extras would have been nice!	We stayed at the Fairmont In August for 4 nts. The foyer was beautiful, although the rooms was a slight disappointment. It was missing the basics like tea and coffee and the snacks available in the room was grossly overpriced $4.00 for a pack of M &amp; M's. We paid appox $800 for 4 night stay, but I found everything else was extra. I needed to contact a doctor and the hotel offered this within their hotel services. However, when I checked out they have charged me $1.50 just to request a doctor. Although the staff were polite I didn't feel they went that extra mile to make you feel welcome. The beauty parlour is in desperate need of improvement. We had friends who stayed by Union Square and although the foyer of the hotel were not as grand, the customer service they experienced was exceptional, with staff going that extra mile. I loved San Francisco and will return, however I will either chose a hotel within Union Square or Fishermans Wharf	
Sep 19 2006 	Can get better for the prices	Parts of this hotel were beautiful (lobby especially). Our room was very spacious but bathroom storage needs improved. Even by San Francisco standards food and beverage costs were extremely high. Fortunately there were many nice restaurants and hotels within walking distance.Front desk staff was very helpful. Valet and door service surly or nonexistent.Please take advice of others and don't valet a car. We were able to rent a vehicle by the day. Rental places were within walking distance.	
Sep 6 2006 	5 star and then some	Firstly let me say that my husband and I are very particular about which hotels we stay at. The Fairmont San Francisco exceeded all of our expectations and then some. When we arrived the valet took our car and gave us a claim check and told us that when we checked in that our luggage would be right up. We were a bit early but were given our room immediately on the 8th floor. I asked for a higher floor and without hesitation was given a georgeous room on the 19th floor. Within minutes our luggage arrive. Not an easy feat since it was Labor Day weekend and the hotel was hopping!! It was our anniversary and when we came back from lunch there was a bottle of champagne as well as strawberry covered chocolates. Keep in mind that we booked directly from the hotel at the last minute and being a President's Club member our $203..00 dollar a night room (including breakfast) was just over the top. If you are a Presidents Club member...check out their last minute deals. I felt guilty for paying the amount that we paid. The service was excellent from the valet, to the check in process, the housekeeper (each day we left $10.00 for housekeeping and they left us alot of extras for our room.) We even had turndown service. The Laurel Court Restaurant was just okay...not horrible, but just okay for the prices that they charge. We had our first mornings breakfast in the restaurant and they had a buffet. They were so busy but the service was once again excellent. The next morning we had room service and it was once again just okay. They charge $3.50 per person extra, plus a 19% service plus something else which I can not remember at this moment. It was still worth it to us!! They don't tell you that they have complimentary coffee at the concierge until 8AM but that is nice to know if you are like me and need my coffee before I can get our of bed. The gym was fine nothing great but with all the walking that we did in San Francisco it suited it purpose. It is free to President's Club memebers.All in all if you are looking for an elegant hotel with outstanding service...This is the place to go.By the way parking was 51.60 per night...ouch!!	
Aug 19 2006 	Beautiful Hotel	I just returned from a week-long stay at The Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco, and my experience there was great. The view from the room I was given at first was not what I expected, and the room was also in a noisy location. However I contacted the front desk and they promptly upgraded me to an even larger room, that had a breathtaking view of the bay--for the same cost. The service at the hotel was wonderful--everyone I encountered there was very accomodating and professional. I especially enjoyed the exceptional room service. The room service menu was extensive and the food was delicious. The hotel's restaurants were also quite good. The Tonga Room was a very unique restaurant with an interesting atmosphere and refreshing Asian-Polynesian cuisine. The room itself was wonderful. It was very clean, and well kept, and was also decorated nicely. The bathroom was large and spotlessly clean.The beautiful lobby was another thing about this hotel that I loved. It had a very classic feel to it, with marble floors and lovely furnishings.The hotel felt safe and secure and it was also in a good location within walking distance to Union Square and close to Cable Cars. Overall, the hotel was wonderful and I look forward to returning to it for my next visit to San Francisco.	
Aug 15 2006 	wonderfulold world charm	My family stayed at the Fairmont Aug. 7-9,2006. We were in from Md. and had never been to Ca. before. This was the third hotel of our trip and by far the BEST! The location was good for us. We felt safe in the Nob Hill neighborhood. The hotel is right on the cable car line, we however, did not use. We walked every where! Never imagined so many hills and the steepness of the hills! Whew! The lobby was extremely grand. My husband and I made use of it to relax many times during our stay. Our rooms were in the old part of the hotel. We had outside rooms which gave us a window with a view. We could see the Mark Hopkins front entrance from our window. Some of the inside rooms overlook rooftop airconditioners. The room itself was very large and had the feel of a bedroom suite. It was larger than our room at home! There was a HUGE dressing room(closet) and a well appointed bathroom. I am have a problem with cleanliness of hotel rooms, especially bathrooms, this was very clean. No mold or musty smell. The paint on some of the woodwork could have been scraped and repainted but the hotel is 100 years old! The staff was helpful and freindly but the concierge didn't know where there were local ,close sushi places. For this info we asked a front desk person and she steared us to a great place a few blocks away. Mama's was a hit for breakfast. Don't miss this one, but bring cash. No credit card or checks and expect to wait in line outside. Over all I would say the Fairmont is worth every penny. We called the hotel directly and got a summer special which turned out to be cheaper than many of the lower chained hotels in the area. Didn't eat in the hotel restaraunts a little too pricey but did have a drink in the bar one evening. Pricey too, but counted in the Fairmont experience.	
Aug 14 2006	Fairmont's the Best-Hands Down	My husband and three kids just stayed at the Fairmont-SF for my 40th b-day! It was wonderful! The lobby is drop-dead gorgeous, but very warm with it's rich colors. Service was mostly friendly and absolutely not snooty! We checked out the Marc Hopkins and other top-notch hotels, like the St. Francis..The Fairmont is is the BEST looking, hands-down! We had dinner at the Tonga, which was fun and great with kids. We also had the breakfast buffet at the Laurel Court, which was exceptionally good. We had a few minor disappointments: the complimentary champagne &amp; strawberries didn't get to the room until VERY late, our beds lacked the comforters, (they were being laundered) and the Tonga room didn't have our reservations nor did they have any notation of my husband's request for flowers in the room. One of the front desk clerks had attitude when we tried to get the bed made up properly. When we brought it to the attention of the manager in the morning, we were assured this was not normal service. We had reservations for breakfast and they decided to pick up the tab. For our family of 5, it was worth nearly $85.00! I know it may sound crazy to some, that we can still rave after the mess-ups, but they did live up to their service when problems were brought to their attention. Maybe we were all having too good a time celebrating! They would have given us a new room with bedding, but with three kids we were already settled in. Comfortable beds and clean. Best feature: the hotel iitself...Worst: service needs a minor tune-up. Roof top garden was super for our picnic.	
Aug 9 2006 	Don't miss the Fairmont!!	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights to celebrate our 20th anniversary.First of all, in the process of researching and booking this hotel, I discovered that the deals were found working directly with someone at the hotel, not the 1-800 number or the internet.We got to the hotel early; bellman was very helpful in storing our luggage while we took a 3 hour run/hike of the city. Upon returning to the hotel to collapse into our room, we were instantly switched to another room since ours was not ready. The receptionist was very polite and we noted her attention to our fatigued condition as she alerted housekeeping of their timing problem. Our upgraded room in the tower was perfectly situated with views of the city, Alcatraz and Golden Gate Bridge. Beautiful marble bathroom and comfortable bed completed the arrangements.We loved the bountiful buffet breakfast, especially since our schedule did not allow much time to have a relaxing lunch. Our hostess even located us in the dining room somehow one particular morning to take a phone call from home when our cells were not working. Also the waiter took time to give us some unsolicited advice on the wine country which he could tell we needed by our maps and puzzled faces. The concierges also bent over backwards to be accomodating, making reservations and putting up with our countless tourist questions. I also remember leaving a note for the housekeeper for an extra trash bag. She read my mind and left 2 appropriate laundry bags next to the trash bag just in case. When I asked our bellhop where the ice machine was, he responded by getting it for us. These are some of the the little things that surprising stand out in my mind more than one month later.Only 2 minor gliches: We could not get our internet access to work even after joining the Presidents Club and receiving the code. We did ask for help at the desk and did not get very far. We experienced an overage charge for a breakfast delivered in our room which I considered tacky since our bed and breakfast package credit was for $70 per day, and orders were very simple. However, after expressing this on a survey I received, the guest services manager called me to sincerely apologize for the inconvienences and expressed the intention to get the overage taken off our credit card. We were impressed by the follow-up even if that doesn't materialize.It was a very memorable experience and worth recommending to our friends. Definitely see the lobby even if you don't stay here.	
Aug 8 2006 	Good Overall but Great Location and History	With so many great hotels in San Francisco we had no idea where to stay for our anniversary. Since the price was right, we finally decided to stay at the most famous of them all, the Fairmont. The location on Nob Hill is perfect if you're looking to tour the entire city. (Make sure to walk to your destination and get a ride back...that walk back uphill can be tough on hot days).The good: The lobby, the history, the location, the friendly valet service.The bad: Seemed understaffed especially the concierge desk, regular rooms are on the smaller side, and there are some signs of excess wear (paint peeling, carpet stains, etc)Overall, if you find a reasonable price you can easily overlook any negatives b/c after all, it's still the Fairmont San Francisco.	
Jul 21 2006 	A Jewel	My wife, two sons, and I stayed at this hotel from July 12th to the 15th. We had Fairmont rooms on the 2nd floor which were large with high ceilings. The bathrooms were fresh and spotless. This hotel is located at the top of Knob Hill, which puts it in easy walking distance of the waterfront, and Union Square (Down Hill going to these places, and then the hotel is on the trolly line comming back). The lobby is beautiful with large columns and grand staircases. The service was first class. We did not eat at the hotel so I can't speak about the food quality. We did go to the Tonga Room for happy Hour, and the food there was just so so. The Hotel has a commercial health club on site, and they refused to let our 16 year old sons work out, but a complaint to the hotel manager solved that problem. The only down side is the parking fees of $45.00 per day, but you do not need a car because of the hotel location. I would highly reccomend this hotel to anyone visiting San Francisco.	
Jul 20 2006 	Nice	Stayed in a Suite durring a business trip and my company paid for the room. I was in a suite which was very nice, but it had a view of the roof.Room was very nice.The hotel bar had a good wine menu, but the catered food for the confernce I was attending was just fair. Hotel has a weird layout and in some confernce rooms the AC didn't work, so there were big fans in those rooms.	
Jul 14 2006	Great hotel but horrible food service	We live in the SF Bay Area and have stayed at both the Ritz and the Mark Hopkins on Nob Hill. We had business at the Fairmont and took advantage to stretch it out for a day of pleasure as well.The room in the Tower was great-clean, quiet, classy and eventhough only 7th floor, had a great view north to Russian/Telegraph Hill and Northbeach. Bathroom was great and overall nice hotel experience.But, the food -- for its expense. We admittedly had low expectations of the Tonga Room and were ready for the rather faded kitsch and fake tikki flavor. But we spent $120 for the appetizer platter, 2 salads and 2 desserts with 2 cocktails. The appetizer platter tasted like Costco freezer reheat and the desserts also tasted and felt like freezer food. The descriptions were great, but the creme brulee had mushy grainy sugar on top (not golden and crunchy) We sent it back and received...The pinapple upside-down almond cake that was like a slightly reheated hockey puck surrounded by flavorless fruit salad. I don't know how a &quot;caramilized pineapple&quot; become cold and hard after cooking. The cocktails had plenty of booze in them, but were nothing special. I would go JUST for the cocktails and $7 appetizer BUFFET during happy hour. The atmosphere is unique, but it could be really great, with al the themed eateries out there these days!We also had lunch box service for a conference in the ballroom. 500 people, but only about 300 boxes, so many had to wait. Same thing with the afternoon ice cream. If this was the Best Western in Podunkville i might give them some slack, but this is the FAIRMONT!The room service menu looks inventive, but very pricey and after our other 2 experinces, I am glad we did not try the in room dining.We will go back becausee the location is great, and staff good, but we will eat elsewhere.	
Jul 3 2006 	Very Impressive Hotel	I stayed here for 5 nigths back in rainy Feb/March. Great rooms with amazing views, mine overlooked the front of the hotel. Massive bathrooms with bath and very large separate shower, plenty of room for a family of 4!I only ate breakfast in the htoel and again was good, service OK, great buffet selection but was over priced. Pool is outdoors, small but looked ok.I stayed here on business and would come back again on business or for a personal visit.	
Jul 3 2006	Pancakes Oscar a Must!	My husband and I celebrated our 1st Anniversary at the Fairmount a few years ago, and it was wonderful. The views were spectacular, and the accomodations were luxurious. But if you go, you absolutely must order the Pancakes Oscar from room service. You will not be disappointed. I still think about those pancakes and the yummy toasted marshmallow topping. It's nothing like I have ever had. Enjoy!	
Jul 1 2006	big tired and expensive	I stayed here for three nights as part of a wedding. Positives - The views (if you are facing alactraz) are nice. Negatives - Very big &quot;Hyatt like hotel&quot; at Ritz Carlton, Mandarin Oriental, Four Seasons pricing. Our room was a discounted wedding rate and after tax was over $400. I have stayed at the Ritz, Mandarin and the Four Seasons all of which are a giant leap above this hotel and all (especially the Four Seasons) are better located. You pay for the view (if you are on the right side of the hotel) if you want to walk anywhere in San Francisco as the last block to the hotel is more of a climb than a walk. Room decor was tired, the restaurants were tired the lobby was tired. I think the hotel needs a fairly major renovation.Staff was generally unhelpful with any requests. Bottom line - For $400+ night there are many other hotels I would stay at in San Francisco (besides three above I have stayed at Campton Place which is right on Union Square and very nice) that are far better. I would say this would have been a reasonable if unexciting hotel at $250 a night and probably a bit better than Hyatt.	
Jun 14 2006	Fantastic Visit	We stayed for five nights with our children, ages 11 and 14. It was a wonderful base camp for a magical San Francisco vacation. The location is the best, and the hotel is a majestic combo of history, elegance, grandeur, and service. We had a tower room with two queen-size beds and an unbelievable view of the bay including the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, North Beach, Fisherman's Wharf, the Embarcadero, Transamerica Building, etc. It would be hard to upstage this trip and our stay at The Fairmont.	
Jun 14 2006 	Nice classic -- perfect for a long stay	I stayed 6 days for a medical conference and was happy with my stay at the Fairmont. Join the President's Club for free high-speed internet! I was already a member when I checked in, but my coworkers were able to sign up and then have the $13.95/day charge taken off their bill.This is a grand, historical hotel that has been recently updated; the king nonsmoking room that I had was very nice and well situated. The bed was comfortable as well. Our view was out to the courtyard area and the window opened, so we were able to have fresh air. The mini-bar was well stocked and had typical sky-high prices -- $10/bottle of Fuji water!Room service is quick and efficient although the two meals we had were hit and miss. The meal from the Tonga menu was good but the one off the regular menu was below average except for the dessert. The Tonga restaurant had decent service and a bit on the goofy side; beware of the &quot;entertainment fee&quot; that is tacked on after 8 p.m. The Laurel Court restaurant was typically pricey but the food was decent.The staff was friendly and courteous, especially room service who was very observant of our 'do not distrub' request after 12 noon. I had several packages delivered to my room for the conference and the front desk was prompt about delivery. Also, those Fairmont employees who worked the conference were efficient and friendly.The only downside to the hotel is the lack of restaurants close by. The Nob Hill Cafe was the only one that didn't involve tackling a steep hill. If you are there for more than a day, purchase the Muni Transit Pass and take advantage of the cablecars that run directly by the hotel. You're up the hill from Chinatown and a marvelous little French bistro Le Central. Shopping is down the hill (take the cablecar!) and Fisherman's Wharf is about 15 minutes via cablecar.	
Jun 6 2006 	An awesome glimpse into the past	My wife and I went to SF for a medical conference for 2 days. We stayed in a tower room and had a nice view of the city. The room was clean and nice and the bathroom was fancy. The water pressure was fantastic and there was plenty of hot water available. The bed was one of the most comfortable king sized beds we've stayed in. The room service was out of this world. Highly recommend getting coffee and chocolate cake delivered to your room in the evening. Took about 15 minutes at most. Great service from the concierge desk finding a quick lunch at a place that wasn't filled with tourists. And looking at the old pictures and menus was quite fun. We had a nice dinner at the Tonga room where a simulated thunderstorm occurs about every 20 minutes and the center of the restaurant is a small pool where the band plays on a boat which floats in the pool. The food was tremendous. Get the appetizer sampler plate. Really good! One issue is that if you stay for any length of time, buy a multiday cable car pass as it is a steep walk down the hill several blocks to the nearest shopping at Union Square, which we both do recommend. If you ride the cable car all the way down to Market Street it puts you right in front of the mall. The stores are huge and lots of selection. We ate ate at the Nob Hill Cafe, which was good for lunch and weekend brunch. The cab fare from the Airport is $40 which I recommend from a convenience standpoint, but if you know when you want to go back to the airport, arrange for the airporter through the concierge desk, it's only $15 per person and they make only one stop between the Fairmont and the Airport, at least when we rode it. They have adjoining room situations which might be fine for kids, but we didn't bring ours to this conference. This is a really neat hotel. Enjoy just sitting in the lobby and look at all the fancy decorations and people that go there for special events. We will go back in the near future.	
Apr 29 2006	An expensive museum	We were at the Fairmont for a scientific meeting. Facilities were adequate, but no better than your average businessss hotel. Room was large but poorly laid out. Decor dated. In a hotel noted for its terrific views, we had a view of a tin roof surrounded by the backside of the entryway. Food was basic hotel buffet. I generally like classic hotels (including this hotel's sister in Boston), but this one fell flat: quite a feat in a city as exhilarating as San Francisco. I'd have been really angry had I had to pay for this place myself. Save your money for better places.	
Apr 7 2006	The Best San Francisco experience	This is a truly sensational hotel. If you are looking for a great staff and a great authentic local experience, this is the best choice!! Also, the concierge is fantastic and can really give you advice and get you into some of the hardist non-touristy restraunts. I have stayed all over San Francisco and while the Four Seasons and Ritz-Carlton may offer a greater consistency, this is truly San Francisco's Grande-Dame. Stay here and you will have a great experience!!	
Mar 23 2006 	Terrific Hotel	I stayed for 3 nights at the Fairmont for business, and loved it. It's a lovely old grand hotel. I upgraded to a tower room with an amazing view of the bay, Alcatraz and the Golden Gate. It was wonderful. The room was elegant, comfortable and quiet, with a great bed. The bathroom was enormous, all warm colored marble, with a separate whirlpool tub and glass shower. I also had some documents delivered and sent a few FedEx packages--all went smoothly. The concierge desk was well above average, actually arranging dinner reservations at restaurants that did not smack of tourism. He was also able to get us a table for eight at Boulevard on short notice, which was amazing. The gym is also excellent, and the lobby bar is well-staffed and has a good selection of wines by the glass.I had only 2 complaints. First, the Fairmont charges for use of their gym and for high-speed internet. It turns out that you can get these for free if you fill out a little form and join the &quot;Fairmont Club,&quot; which costs nothing. However, no one tells you this--you have to figure it out for yourself. This is ridiculous. It is a fairly expensive hotel, and should simply provide these things for free. Second, the restaurant is ridiculously inefficient at breakfast, a major faux pas when serving business travelers with flights to catch. My colleague and I waited almost ten minutes for a table, when literally all but two of the tables were empty. The wait staff would not allow us to sit until the Maitre'd came over and took down our names and room numbers on a clip board. It was absurd.	
Mar 1 2006	Bad Bad Service	We stayed here for Friday and Saturday night in a king tower room. The room was nice. Very large with a large bathroom. The interior seemed clean until I looked out the window. There were two condoms (used) lying on the window sill. I tried immeaditaly to ring the front desk from the room phone and ended up in an endless voice mail loop. No operaters to answer nothing! So I went back down to the front desk where to have a talk about it and could not find anyone. Finally after waiting at the front desk for 20 mins. They changed my room (with very little apology) however due to it being a holiday weekend I was given a dark and tiny queen room for the same price! Upon leaving on Sunday morning I tried to calll the car park to let them know that we were planning on leaving in 30 minutes as we were instructed to when when deposited the car with the valet. I could not reach anyone again and ended up in voicemail loops again. Even when I tried the front desk. When we brought the keys down we waited for over an hour for our car to be returned. I will never be staying here again. There are far better places in SF.	
Feb 14 2006	Great!	I have stayed at the Fairmont on several occasions and never had a bad experience. The rooms were sooo clean and comfortable. Anything I ate at the hotel was great(room service, restaurants, etc). The staff was great in every way. I have never had a problem with anything during any of my stays. Yes it is expensive, but its one of the nicest hotels in one of the nicest cities in the world. If you can't afford to stay here, then maybe you should go somewhere else. Anybody who did not like this hotel may not know what high class accomadations are supposed to be like, because this hotel is first class in every way.	
Jan 29 2006 	Old Hotel Old Interior....	I just returned from a business trip to the San Francisco area and had one day at the end in San Francisco to do a little shopping and site seeing before heading back to Sydney early on Sunday the 22nd of January. I decided to splurge on the Fairmont San Francisco because I had heard all the folklore and I am a Presidents Club member and thought it would be a great experience..boy was I wrong.Despite a fairly smooth and impressive check in (although the President Club check in was unmanned!) I was pretty shocked when I saw my room. I was in the far tower on the 5th floor, first room in front of the elevator bay! When I walked out of the elevator, there was an empty tray and champagne glasses in front of the door (which were never removed the entire 24hrs I was there!). When I walked in the decor was nice enough but quite tired. The view over Chinatown was great all the way across to Alcatraz etc, but the window seals were all ripped and there was a horrendous draft and it was noisy! The bathroom was typically immaculate as per most Fairmont properties but the rest of the room left a lot to be desired. The mini bar had been removed from the armoire it was supposed to be in and placed next to the desk so I could barely squeeze in to open it and/or sit at the desk and work. The broadband cable from the wall was frayed and didn't clip into my laptop due to the latch being broken off.Overall I wasn't there long but I was there long enough to know I won't be returning. There wasn't really anything that 'wow'd me and since I've stayed at a ton of 5 star hotels around the world I was quite disappointed in this stay. I guess I expected more not only out of such a famous hotel, but out of a Fairmont property (did I mention there were NO benefits to being a President Club member at this property, including no Gold Floors etc etc???)I would say if you like old, stale, over priced hotels then this is the place for you. This place reeks of old money and seems to rest on its historical laurels. Too bad many of the competing hotels around it (Four Seasons etc) seem to have understood that you need to keep up with the changes to attract new clientele. Not for me...	
Jan 25 2006	BAD customer service	We had a room in the new tower on a Friday and Saturday night. It faced the inside court and a party in the hotel faced the same inside court. We were on the 16th floor, the party was on the 7th floor. The party was so loud we could not hear our TV. We called and asked if they could do something (we were paying over $300 a night). They told us we were the only ones that called (doubtful). By 12 midnight the party was still going strong, hotel did nothing to accommodate us, we could not even sleep. The hotel offered no help. We asked for hotel managers and they were rude. Worse scenario: it also happened Saturday night!!! Terrible customer service. Rooms were OK - very small. I would not return to the hotel.	
Jan 21 2006 	I had a pleasant stay.	I stayed at this hotel in Jan 2006 for 3 nights. Honestly I don't really understand the bad reviews. I was there for a Conference and paid a discounted conference rate for the room, but even at standard rates would be worth it. The lobby and conference rooms were beautiful. Although the staff was not the best I've experienced they were more than polite, professional, and eager to help. I thought my room was very clean and quite frankly I've never seen hotel room carpet that clean! Nice bathrooms, with awesome water pressure, hot water, and robes to borrow. Beautiful view from window, and the window opened to allow fresh cool air in. I had a king size bed w/4 fluffy feather pillows. I thought the bed was very comfortable and slept quite well. The rooms were very quiet: no noise from the outside except for the occasional clang of the cable car(which I believe stops running around midnight) but really could barely hear it anyway, no noise from A/C, pipes, or other rooms. The only bad thing I can say about the hotel is any hallway conversations seem to carry and are extremely!!! audible, I could hear the housekeeping crew each morning and each night I could hear rude people having conversations in the hall and unfortunately it did wake me up. I don't know if it was the shape of the hallways, poorly insulated interior walls or thin room doors but it was loud, although once the talkers made it into their rooms I fell right back to sleep.I can't speak specifically about the restaurants at the hotel but all food was catered by the hotel for the conference and was quite good, especially horsdervs/buffets at evening receptions.Went to the Tonga Room one evening for drinks; good drinks although the atmosphere was a little cheesy and Disneyesque. I just think in this city and in this hotel a bar that is a little more chic and trendy would be better suited. It just didn't seem to fit in with the rest of the hotel.The hotel is literally at the top of Nob Hill with very steep walks back up the hill, but I'm young and healthy and didn't mind the walk. Cable car is convenient if unable to stand the walk. The Fairmont is also directly across the street from the Mark Hopkins Hotel(check out Top of the Mark) and The Huntington Hotel, all 3 are in good company of each other.Although there is no coffee makers in the rooms there is complimentary coffee in the lobby each morning.I highly recommend this beautiful, comfortable and well located hotel.	
Jan 20 2006 	Wonderful view	Lovely old hotel with fantastic location and wonderful views from the TOWER rooms. Concierge (at least during previous visit June 2005) can be stuffy and unpleasant, but otherwise as fine a stay as you will find in S.F.	
Jan 20 2006 	Wonderful Ole Fairmont	I have stayed at the Fairmont for both business and pleasure for years, both in the main building and the Tower. Whenever I have had a problem, they were quick to respond and resolution has always been to my satisfaction.The rooms are spacious, nicely appointed and the marble baths in the tower are exceptional. You could not find a more convenient location -- out the door and hop on a cable car, walk to the theatre, visit China Town and on and on.As a single woman, I have never felt more comfortable/safe and more at home than I have had at the Fairmont. The staff is always gracious and so helpful.I HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend it.......Treat yourself and stay in the Tower and ask for a view of the Bay -- there is NOTHING BETTER!!!!!!!	
Dec 18 2005 	Sorry Not Up To Par . . .	Well, I only stayed for one night at the Fairmont San Francisco, but I had the worst nights rest of my life. The bed was terribly uncomfortable, I could actually feel the spring coils.I stayed for a company Holiday party which was catered for by the hotel. Unfortunately, the food was way below mediocre. My partnered commented, &quot;it's just like eating on an airplane!&quot;The rooms were okay, and taking into consideration that this is a very old hotel, I did not let the wear and tear I saw on the room furnishings cloud my vision. (At least I tried not too.)All in all though, I felt that the service was lagging - I waited twenty minutes to check-in!Staff seemed depressed, and it is Holiday time, which brought my excitement to a dull end.My final feeling upon check-out: I would only stay again if I was not footing the bill!	
Dec 11 2005	Fabulous Fairmont	We stayed 2 nights at the Fairmont. From the moment we drove up we received friendly, courteous treatment by each and every one of the hotel's staff. There was a person ahead of us checking in and the Fairmont Club's rep waved us over to her area rather have us wait. As she checked us in she exclaimed that we'd been upgraded from a Deluxe King Tower room to a Tower suite. This was the &quot;Flood Suite&quot; on the 8th floor of the tower building and it was magnificent with a huge living room, large bedroom with an extremely comfortable king bed, and a spacious marble bathroom. It was a corner suite which had banks of windows on 2 sides that afforded panoramic views of the Golden Gate, the Bay (including Alcatraz), Coit Tower, Transamerica Pyramid, B of A Building and the Bay Bridge! I stayed up late at night just to look at the awesome views. It was also amazingly quiet with only low-level sounds of the City below. We ate a leisurely breakfast in the Laurel Dining Room and later had drinks in the lounge area. They're perfect places to just sit and relax and be surrounded by the opulent (not stuffy) decor. We also had dinner in the Tonga Room one night and it was wonderful! The food was much better than I'd anticipated, with huge portions, and the music was light, fun and not at all intrusive. We received excellent service in the Fairmont's restaurants as well. Altho' the parking fee is quite expensive at $43 plus 17% tax, we were so glad to be able to turn our car over to the valet upon check-in and not get in it again until we were ready to leave. We walked all over Nob Hill, Chinatown and Union Square, including walking to the City Club on Sansome and to dinner at Farallon on Post St. The Fairmont is truly a jewel of a hotel in a fabulous setting and our stay was as close to ideal as one can get.	
Nov 7 2005 	Fabulous Hotel	Spent four nights at the Fairmont - it was fabulous. Check in was a breeze - the desk clerk was courteous, efficient and accomodating. We were given a room in the Tower section with a gorgeous view of the bay. The room was spacious and well furnished, the bathroom was all marble, with a seperate shower and toilet area. The lobby is stunning. Breakfast buffet was expensive at $25, but great variety. The hotel is at the top of Nob Hill - it's quite a steep hike to get there, but cabs are cheap and the cablecar stops right outside. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 5 2005	Fabulous Fairmont!	The Fairmont is a beautiful historic hotel. The great service began as we stepped out of the taxi &amp; entered the grand lobby. It is very impressive &amp; welcoming. We relaxed immediately upon entering.The front desk staff was very attentive &amp; friendly. Our room was ready, even though it was only noon when we arrived. The bellman was very prompt &amp; friendly. The room was slightly dated, but it's an HISTORIC hotel!! The room brought us back to grander times &amp; the window opened to allow fresh air into the room. Just try to get fresh air at a more modern hotel. The king size bed was extremely comfortable. It lured us back for a nap every afternoon!The lobby bar was lovely. The bartender, Manuel is a lovely gentleman. He made us several delicious martinis ($13 a piece) and was happy to answer some questions for us about the city. The experience was so nice at the Fairmont, they make it difficult for you to want to leave to explore the city!The Tonga room is downstairs &amp; is not the hotels main bar. It is very fun &amp; &quot;kitchy&quot;. We went for cocktails &amp; appetizers on a Friday night. There was a $5 cover charge after 8pm, but we had no problem getting a table in the lounge immediately. Great lively atmosphere with a nice band. They played something for everyone &amp; there were many couple on the dancefloor. The MaiTais &amp; Scorpion drinks were great, as were the appetizers we had. There is a rain shower/thunderstorm every half hour or so. Fun place. I look forward to my next visit to SanFrancisco &amp; will stay at the Fairmont again. Yes, it is expensive. The drinks are expensive, but no more so than other hotels in the city. Valet parking is outrageous all over town, but who wants to drive (or park) in the city. The hotel's location makes it easy to walk to many of the sights &amp; the cable car stops 1 block away!Those who complain about the hotel may be too demanding &amp; fast paced to truly enjoy this beauty of a hotel.	
Oct 18 2005	Disappointed to See the Property Tarnished by Bad Service	The Fairmont SF was a real disappointment. One thing is clear--this is not a Ritz Cartlon or even a W. The Fairmont seeks to rely on the grandeur of the lobby and ignores service that is present at high end hotels. The old hotel has gone down hill.Examples:At check in we had to wait fifteen minutes to get a room while only two receptionists were working (the desk could accomodate at least four receptionists.No bath robes were placed in our room--we had to ask twice for them to bring them.The maid service failed to provide us new cocktail glasses and left the melted ice in the bucket for us to clean out four three days in a row.When I asked about the business center (to print boarding passes) the desk was rude and simply said it is not open on Sundays--no alternatives were offered.When I called for a turn down service (which is encouraged by a note on the bed left by the maid service) the desk acted annoyed and confused at the request.The hotel bar is the Tonga Room which is more like an adult Rainforest Cafe--gross.The cost to valet the car is $45 a night--the cost would not be so bad if it did not take 20 minutes each time I wanted the car.I could go on and on.If you want service or a four star environment--stay at the Ritz which is close by--a distinct difference between the two properties.Do not stay at the Fairmont unless you get a great deal--$160 or so. In sum the Faimont charges four star prices ($26 for a burger and fries; $14 for a pot of coffee) but does not deliver in the service department--if I pay for a $26 burger I want the staff to treat me with some care.	
Oct 11 2005	Great Stay on our Vacation	We had a room in the tower. The view was truly astounding. We found the service and accomodations to be top flight. We stayed for 7 days and had no problems. We opened the windows and enjoyed the fresh air, found access to cable cars right out the back door, the bath is magnificent, and the service was great Would recommend that you join the Fairmont President's Club, it was free and offers discounts on hotel services like the internet. Also, highly recommend buying a Muni Pass, that paid for itself many times over. Overall experience was grand, we would certainly return.	
Oct 6 2005	Good Location but Consider Alternatives	The Fairmont is in a great location on the junction of the cable car routes and easy access to Fishermans Wharf (where we had a great meal at Boudin bakery/restaurant overlooking Alcatraz - booking advised) and Union Square. Both are also within walking distance but it is a steep climb back. China Town is just a few blocks away.The hotel entrance is impressive. Our room in the newer part was spacious, clean and had good city views.However San Francisco is a fantastic, relaxed, cosmopolitan city. The hotel seems rather grand and impersonal and I just think that for the price you pay there are alternatives.	
Oct 3 2005 	Ok for Business travellers but can do better	I stayed at the Fairmont, SF for 5 nights recently for a business trip/conference at the Ritz. I was not in SF for pleasure, so location, although good for tourists, was irrelevant to me. I stayed in the old portion of the hotel which has some problems. Here's the pros and cons, for business traveler: Pros) 1)Excellent hi speed internet connectivity in room 2) Good desk 3)Std array of business traveler services like overnight laundry, room service, newspaper delivery etc. 4) Bathrooms appear to have been refurbed and were nice; Cons) 1)Rooms are very noisy, other room doors slam constantly, rattling the whole hall, and hall conversations are clearly heard in room 2) Room decor and entire older section is old/tired and needs to be redone, 3) gym, although it has some decent equipment, is expensive, 4) Cel reception (VZ) in room was spotty due to interior space, 5) Room had no view, which made work day, if spent in room, drearyOverall, a mediocre experience compared to Mandarin Oriental, Four Seasons, Ritz, Park Hyatt etc. in SF. If you can avoid the old section, do so at all costs and get into the towers or stay elsewhere.	
Sep 23 2005	Great Jumping Off Point For SF Visitors	The location and the Sunday brunch are just about the best assets of this property.It is a terrific starting point for exploring San Francisco and the concierge is quite helpful (although quite busy so plan to wait in line). Grace Cathedral is a block away and it is a short walk to lots of shopping and the waterfront.The rooms need soundproofing. Although we had a lovely, large suite with an amazing view of the city and Bay Bridge, as the hotel is located along the cable car line and a busy street it was quite noisy.The Sunday brunch offers an amazing selection and is a great value.	
Sep 14 2005	Could use some serious sound proofing	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights on the first leg of our honeymoon. We did not get off to a great start as when we arrived there had been a mix up with our booking and the receptionist said they did not have a room for us. After this initial confusion we checked into our room in the older part of the hotel overlooking the air conditioning units. Not exactly The Honeymoon Suite!Anyway the view didn't bother us as the room was comfortable and spaceous. We both love the city of San Francisco so we were not going to let this ruin our stay. We got changed and went downtown for the afternoon. We returned to our room in the early evening and we were really tired after the flight not to mention the wedding so we were looking forward to relaxing in our room and getting a good nights sleep. Unfortunately the room was far from relaxing. There was a 2.5 inch gap between the door and the floor so I had to block it up with a towel however the room also had an adjoining door and the guests staying in the next door room had a young baby that cried virtually all evening and then throughout the night. I said to my husband that we should ask to be moved but he said they would probably check out the next day and we had already unpacked. They didn't check out the next day but the day after that. I saw the cot in the hall and was looking forward to a quiet night. But the next guest was a businessman, he was on the phone and then practising a presentation nearly all night. Okay his voice may have been loud but more likely he could hear us as much as we could hear him.We ate breakfast in the restaurant one day but it was quite expensive ($22.00 each + tax + tips for toast and coffee). I didn't find the staff at the Fairmont to be very friendly in fact the only people capable of smiling worked on the bell desk.The puiblic areas in this hotel are beautiful but once in your room you could be anywhere. I would suggest that anyone that stays here asks to be put in the 'new' wing. Overall this was a disappointing start to our amazing tour around California.	
Aug 19 2005	Nice Hotel Central Location	We just returned from a four night stay at the Fairmont. The hotel has a beautiful lobby that has recently been restored that certainly highlights the hotel's grand history. We also received a complementary wine tasting the first night we arrived that made us feel welcome in the hotel.During our stay we found the hotel's concierge to be very helpful from planning daily activities to finding restaurants and entertainment during the evening. We did not share any of the negative experiences that have so frequently appeared on reviews of this hotel. We stayed in a room in the old part of the hotel, and we found the room to have very up to date features. The one part of the room that was lacking was the mattress, which we found to be more uncomforatable than mattresses at other comarable four star hotels. Other than the mattress, we found the room to be spacious and clean.Probably the best part about the hotel is its location on Nob Hill. It's located at the intersection of the cable car lines, which provides you with connections to the Fisherman's Wharf area as well as Chinatown, etc. Union Square is only a 5 block walk downhill, so all the shopping is very close by. Basically the hotel gives you the opportunity to walk or possibly ride the cable car to most areas of the city that tourists would want to see. This is nice because taking cabs around the city can get expensive. All in all, I would say that this is a very good hotel in a great location, but it could use a few improvements to the rooms.	
Aug 10 2005	Hide Your Valuables	Debit card stolen from room, checking account wiped out, and a laugh from hotel management. Not my idea of a good visit.	
Jul 27 2005	Great hotel Lots of history	My husband and I stayed in the older section of the hotel, built in the early 1900's but with recent upgrades. While I was originally hesitant about staying in the older section, I now feel even more fortunate to have experienced the old world charm that the hotel has to offer. Hotel staff was very accomodating, and even put in extra effort to place us in a room with a beautiful city and bay view on the 4th floor. I recommend traveling outside of the restaurant for all dining experiences. Sears is top-notch for a reasonable breakfast, and is walking distance from the hotel. Other &quot;must see&quot; attractions are a short walk or ride on the street car - such as Union Square, Fisherman's wharf, Masonic Museum, and China Town.Overall GREAT Hotel, Beautiful City, GREAT TIME !!!	
Jul 25 2005	King of the Hill	Nob Hill, that is. The Fairmont San Francisco is magnificent. From its ornate architecture to its sweeping views of San Francisco Bay, this hotel is tops. My husband and I stayed here for two nights over 4th of July weekend. The hotel is centrally located in the Nob Hill neighborhood, within walking distance of almost anywhere in downtown—Chinatown, North Beach, the Wharf, SoMa, Union Square and the Financial District. A cable car stop is conveniently located adjacent to the hotel, for those who may not be up for the steep climbs leading to and from the Fairmont. Our 18th floor Tower room was very spacious (unusual for SF), stylishly (but simply) decorated, had luxurious bed linens and fluffy bathrobes, an elegant marble bath with separate shower and tub and was meticulously clean. But, the real story with this hotel is the incredible view. We enjoyed a panoramic view of the Bay from the Golden Gate Bridge across to the Bay Bridge. Alcatraz Island was in plain view. We nixed a trip up Coit Tower to view the city because there was no way it could be more amazing than what we had right in our own hotel room. We enjoyed the spectacular Independence Day Fireworks over the Bay right from our hotel room! It was an experience we won't soon forget and are actually considering making this an annual 4th of July trip.The hotel also has rooms in the main building which I understand are beautifully decorated, but they do not have the signature views that the Tower Rooms have. Be sure to book a Tower Room and request a Bay view—you won’t be sorry. We paid $279/night, which we thought was quite reasonable for a busy holiday weekend and for such an extraordinary view. The hotel’s Tonga Room Lounge is kitschy but fun. We enjoyed a mammoth (and strong!) cocktail for two while experiencing the Bar’s signature theme park-like thunderstorms (think the Venetian Hotel in Vegas or the Rainforest Cafe.) We didn’t eat any meals at the Fairmont, opting instead to try out some local restaurants. We heard from other guests however, that the hotel’s Laurel Court Restaurant was lovely and the food divine.The hotel’s common areas are decorated most elaborately with gilded gold, ornate furniture and gorgeous flower arrangements. The lovely works of local artists are also displayed in some of the corridors. We didn’t have an opportunity to use the Fairmont’s “Club One” Health Club and Spa, however we took a peek and it is state of the art—for $15 per day per guest, I would expect it to be. Our only gripe with the Fairmont San Francisco lies with its inconsistent customer service. While upon our arrival, the bellman and front desk staff were very gracious and courteous, we had an encounter with another employee that I can only describe as mildly offensive. Later in our stay, however, the service was very prompt when we requested champagne glasses (for use during the 4th of July Fireworks show!) We also were disappointed in the Concierge who appeared as though we were bothering him when we asked for restaurant recommendations. He then proceeded to direct us to restaurants that turned out to be closed (we specifically asked him if they would be open on a Sunday evening and he assured us they would). Luckily, San Francisco is home to so many fabulous restaurants that we easily found our way to a lovely meal. The disappointment we felt in some aspects of the service was quickly forgotten when we looked out our window to an amazing view of San Francisco.Regarding things to do while you’re in San Francisco, we highly recommend the Museum of Modern Art, Alcatraz (of course), Fisherman’s Wharf, Ghirardelli Square and a trip down Lombard Street (or UP if you’re ambitious!) These are all “touristy” things to do, but so much fun. You’ll find great little Italian places to eat in North Beach—don’t be afraid to indulge-you’ll walk it off climbing the steep hill back to the Fairmont! There’s also a convenient market/grocery store about 2 blocks from the hotel-this was a handy place to pick up bottled water.If you can’t tell by now, we highly recommend this hotel. We left our hearts at the Fairmont San Francisco and we’ll definitely be back!	
Jun 21 2005 	Dirty Room	The room was dirty. I got really grossed out. I awoke in the middle of the night to use the restroom, I was barefoot. I notice after sitting on the stool how filthy the floor was around the toliet. It was like the floor hadn't been mopped in some time and previous people had missed the spot. Yuck! This really creeped me out! The large picture in our room had slime and marks on it. There were spots on the bathroom cabinets and sheets. The request for laundry service slips showed previous laundry requests with the person's name clearly legible. This room could have been very nice but it was filthy!	
Jun 19 2005	elegant hotel - world class	we upgraded to the newer Tower Rooms and I must say we were not disappointed with the views. The room was clean and well apponted although it alawys amazes me when hotel charges nearly 300 bucks a night and doesn't have a cofee maker in the room. Nonetheless, the Fairmont is elegant and compares well with world class hotels anywhere in the world. As someone else mentioned, the bars are quite excellent and especially the Tonga room where there is an interior rainfall, good music and lots of space to dance. We only found 2 negatives: first, was the cost of parking which was 50 bucks for overnight. The second was the concierge desk. We found them to be surly and not helpful. san francisco has so many wonderful hotels, we'll try some others next time.	
May 31 2005	Rooms not upto scratch	When we walked into the lobby area we were impressed with what we saw, howver it was a different story when we got to the room. First of all walking down the corridor to the room it smelt musty and looked worn. When we got to the room and closed the door on the back of the door was coffee that has been spilt around 2 years ago and never been cleaned. Dosen't look very good on a white door!!!! Also the floor hadn't even been hoovered before we checked in and had the last peoples rubbish still on the floor and on the headboard it looked like it had collected 3 years worth of dust. Very very worn hotel which needs re vamping. Not a five star hotel would rate the rooms 3 star!!!!	
May 25 2005	Awful cost/quality rate	This is one of the symbol of San Francisco, as many persons of the place told us. Yes, its saloons were opulent and really wonderful but there were many bad things, especially thinking of the incredible price you can pay for such kind of hotel. First, the service was incredibly awful and you would expect something wonderful in that level of hotel. We were completely astonished by the afternoon tea we had: the price was quite high but more importantly, we asked for one bottle of champagne (of course very high price) and the smell and the taste were really awful. We then asked the waiter to change the bottle and he could not even understand what we were saying and he had to call the manager to do that! (in every little osteria in Italy you would immediately get a new bottle without any comments!). The rooms were elegant but we really thought that the hotel did not deserve the price. Go there just if somebody else is paying for you!	
May 2 2005	Fairmont: The Regal SF Hotel	If you come to SF and want the best location, high on a hill, with professional, classy service, loads of amenities, and beautiful decor that can only be rivaled by the great hotels of Paris or London, stay in the old wing of the Fairmont.Very high ceilings, luxurious draperies and bedspread, excellent and efficient room service..... Diversity of restaurants on site. The lobby area is so beautiful that, even if you do not stay at the hotel, you should stop by just to see it.There are two areas in which the Fairmont does not fair quite so well: The hotel has a newer tower--with lovely but much more standard-type rooms--and therefore the Fairmont is a large hotel in which you feel like if you suddenly evaporated into thin air, nobody would notice. Second, the concierge desk is not particularly well-informed.....Better to use the internet or some guidebooks to help you figure out where to go and what to do with your time.  I've been to SF many times.....The Argonaut is fun if you have kids, but for an ultimate, classy, luxe San Fran experience, stay at this Grand Dame.If you really want to live, stay in one of the suites in the old section of the hotel. I should add: if you are looking for an incredible view, you don't get it from the old wing of the hotel. But you can walk out the grand front entrance and you feel so fine....And you look to your right and there is the bay.	
Apr 10 2005	old school hotel	we had a great time at the fairmont, we decided to upgrade to the tower room over looking alcatraz and what a veiw it cost $60 per night extra.the bed was comfortable queen size triple sheeting, turn down service had to be requested by ringing house keeping. The bathroom was nice and separate shower, toiletries were of there own make shampoo conditioner body lotion and soap, no little extras like cotton wool nail files ect.the staff we found were very nice and helpfull, the hotel itself was of the old school which i liked, yes its at the top of nob hill but i would say its one of the best, we walked to sears restarant for breakfast which i would recomend near union square, but get a taxi back up the hill its about $5.we had a pot of coffee the first morning delivered to our room then i discovered a little coffee take out down stairs near the tonga room a bit like starbucks. have fun.	
Apr 5 2005	Perfect Honeymoon	My wife and I stayed at the fairmont on our return from the Fairmont Sonoma Mission Inn in wine country. The Hotel knew we were on our Honeymoon and upgraded our room to one with a bay view.. The view was stunning and the service was perfect. The concierge gave us all the great places to have lunch as well as scheduled our airport pickup for our departure day. Out of all the hotels I have stayed in in major cities the staff and hotel iteself were phenomenal.	
Mar 30 2005	The view is worth the money	Our decision to upgrade to a room in the tower with a bay view was worth every penny! And the room is extraordinary with fine linens, a fantastic bath (separate marble shower and soaking tub), a great radio, and delivery of the San Francisco Chronicle and the New York Times in the morning! We also enjoyed a nice dinner at Tonga. Highly recommended for a romantic splurge.	
Mar 11 2005	Fairmont San Francisco for Families.	A beautiful old world charm hotel.The property is well kept and close to the intersection of two main trolley lines.I would recommend this hotel for couples and singles,however not for families with kids,as you will find getting to and from the hotel is a bit tricky.Also be prepared for a huge commute to your room ,las vegas style.Enjoy the city by the bay.	
Feb 23 2005	Decent Enough	Not a bad hotel--we paid $259 for a very small room without much of a view to speak of. The room was extremely hot and requested that engineering fix the problem, which they did (sort of). The breakfast buffett was nice. The location and stunning lobby are certainly the high points of the hotel.	
Feb 17 2005	Great place to stay!	We stayed at the Fairmont for only one night (Feb. 2nd) while on our way to Sonoma wine country. The hotel, the staff, the views, the Tonga room and everything about it was spectacular. We would definitely go back!!!	
Feb 2 2005	Best Hotel in San Francisco !	We stayed at the Fairmont for the first time and now can hardly wait to go back. What an incredibly gorgeous hotel. We checked in that evening and were greeted very warmly, which is a nice change of pace from some other so called 5 star hotels. We were given an upgraded room with an amazing view of the bay !! WOW. The buffett breakfast was outstanding, just be careful if you book their bed and breakfast rate with breakfast included in the price of the room that they don't accidentely charge it onto your bill. Parking at hotels downtown is outrageous but the Fairmont actually charged less than most of the other hotels in the area. Overall, a great experience !	
Jan 17 2005	Faded opulence but still the most impressive lobby	The lobby of the Fairmont is way beyond the other top hotels in San Francisco -- The Huntington, The Mark, The Ritz-Carlton, and the Stanford Court. It's a little faded now but still impresses greatly. We stayed in an exterior room of the main building, for the history. It looked like it had been remodeled about 5 years ago and was still in decent shape, with an excellent bathroom, large walk-in closet, and good size sleeping room. Out the window we could see one of the shooting locations for Hitchcock's &quot;Vertigo.&quot; The staff were all friendly and for the most part, attentive. The Tonga Room, downstairs, with its band on a boat and periodic rainshowers is a must-see for any couple on a romantic get-a-way. We had a great visit!	
Jan 13 2005	Wonderful Stay At The Fairmont	Recently stayed in a room with a bay view in The Fairmont Tower. Loved it. Amazing view. Very good service. The main bar/restaurant is quite nice. Did not have the food but did have drinks there. Great setting. The food at the restaurant in the lower level is not very good so stay away. The fitness facilities at nicer hotels always amaze me. I find them inadequate. This was no exception. They have an arrangement with a local gym that is housed in the lower level. Not very impressive at all but I don't expect much from hotel gyms. Overall a wonderful stay in a great setting!	
Dec 31 2004	Loved the Fairmont	My family of five just came back from a fabulous four day stay at the Fairmont (12/26-12/29) and we had a wonderful time. We stayed in a lovely corner room in the main building. It was very clean, spacious, and nicely furnished. The concierge was extremely helpful and friendly. We thought the location was great. It was an easy walk to Chinatown or Union Square. Both cable car lines run right by the hotel. We had afternoon tea in the Laurel Court dining room- it was pricier than other teas ($48 per person) but a nice experience. We went to happy hour in the Tonga Room for $7 a person (including kids) and the food was good. The kids liked the rain/thunder every 30 minutes in there. It is a beautiful hotel.... very classy but comfortable too. It was a great place to take our family and we would definitely return.	
Oct 27 2004	Strikers openly harrassed guests and hotel did nothing	We recenlty booked a trip to San Fran using Expedia. We chose the Fairmont b/c it looked romantic. When we got to the hotel, there were hotel workers striking. The second we got off the shuttle they took bullhorns out and yelled &quot;shame on you&quot;. If we had known they were striking, we wouldn't have booked there. However, with expedia, you can't get out of your reservation. Everytime we left or returned we got harrassed, had whistles blown in our ears, pans banged in our faces. When we complained to the hotel, they said that the strikers were there employees and they wouldn't hurt us. The hotel didn't comp for anything or offer any apologies. Half of the services in the hotel were discontinued due to the strike and still no apologies or comps. It was terrible. I will never stay at the Fairmont or any hotel within that chain again b/c they didn't care that there guests were inconvenienced and harrassed by their own employees.	
Oct 25 2004	Overated	My husband and I stayed at the Fairmont SF to celebrate valentines with a romantic weekend. We chose the Fairmont SF for the great reputation but we were sadly disappointed with out stay.We checked in at 3PM and we were told our room was still being cleaned and would be finished in 15 min. So we waited in the lobby and in 15 min our room was still not ready. One and a half hours later our room was finally ready! The rooms were disappointing. Very old and chilly. Room service was a mess as well. We ordered champagne and then got a call to ask when we wanted dinner in our room? I contacted managment after our stay to convey our disatisfaction and was not pleased with their offer of an upgrade next time we stay with them.Overall, we spent over $400 at the hotel for one evening and didn't feel it was worth the money.	
Oct 18 2004	Positive Experience at the Fairmont	We attended a friend's wedding on Saturday the 16th and spent the night in a deluxe tower room. We were worried about the impact of the labor problems on our stay - but found only minor service reductions (room service, valet). All the staff we interacted with were positive and helpful.Our renovated room on the 17th floor was very clean and had a great view. We were high enough up not to hear the protesters below. The breakfast buffet was very good and a great value at $18.Even with the reduced staffing, we found the Fairmont superior to other San Francisco Hotel's we've stayed at recently (Ritz, Mark Hopkins, Palace and the St. Francis)	
Oct 17 2004	What a disappointment	I typically stay at the Four Seasons on Market, but wanted to enjoy this hotel with my teenaged daughter over the holidays. I had made reservations well in advance and of course guarenteed them with a credit card. When I arrived at the hotel there were an insufficient amount of people working the desk in order to process all arrivals so after a long wait I was told by the desk clerk that they had overbooked and the only room that was available was very small. The manager was called over and he was of no help whatsoever, no overture was made to soften the situation or assistance in finding a room at another hotel and I was left standing with both clerk and manager looking at me blankly. Apparently, a guarenteed reservation means nothing here. Next time I'll forego the nice holiday decorations at this hotel and opt for service and style at the Four Seasons.	
Sep 17 2004	Pricey but Classy	We had a wonderful time in San Francisco in early September, and stayed at the Fairmont. I was impressed by the elegance of the hotel, and its history. I was distinctly unimpressed by some of the prices.The Pluses:- When we arrived, the concierge warned us that as we had booked through Expedia, we might be underwhelmed by our room, which did not have an exterior view and might be &quot;claustrophobic&quot;. How anyone could be claustrophobic in the huge room we had amazes me. There was a large walk-in wardrobe, well-appointed bathroom and spacious bedroom. While we did not have a view of the street, we did have a view of the internal courtyard, which was perfectly satisfactory.- On one night, we ordered room service, and had a superb meal. While the extras mounted up (19% service plus a $3.50 per person delivery charge!), the food was delicious and very nicely presented.- The location is great. It is at the top of Nob Hill, situated close to Chinatown and the cable car. We walked to Fisherman's wharf in about ten minutes. The walk back up again took significantly longer, as Nob Hill is exceptionally steep. The Fairmont is close enough to all of the tourist sites, and I would certainly stay here again.- The decor and grandeur of the hotel is unsurpassable.- You can get a free newspaper on request (national or local).The minuses:- When we arrived, we had to wait for ten minutes before we were able to park our car. There was a wedding going on, and hotel guests were definitely a lower priority than wedding guests.- Further proof of functions being prioritised was a very noisy post-wedding disco which started at about 5pm on a Saturday and ended late at night. I wouldn't have objected, but the room in which it was held was next to the Laurel Court Bar and Restaurant. No-one would have wanted to eat or drink there with the noise that the disco generated.- Parking is charged at an extortionate $41.00 per night plus tax. If you can avoid bringing a car, do - you don't need one in San Francisco.- Don't eat at the Tonga Rooms, which is situated on the lower floor of the hotel. The food was appalling. My fish had clearly been frozen, did not taste good, and was very expensive. We shared an appetizer, had one cocktail each and a main course each, and our bill came to $100.00, which was unjustifiably expensive. It is worth having a drink there - they make good cocktails and the decor is certainly worth seeing. It is almost Disney-like with a band floating on a boat in the middle of a lake (the old swimming pool) and mock hurricanes with thunder and rain (don't worry - it only lands in the swimming pool)- I would rather that the hotel had kept the swimming pool than created the Tonga Rooms back in the 1930s. There is a charge for using the leisure club (which doesn't have a pool) unless you are members of the Fairmont's President's Club.Overall impression:I would stay here again, preferably without a car. I would avoid the Tonga Rooms like the plague, and would stay midweek if possible. I would certainly recommend the hotel to others.	
Sep 5 2004	Fairmont San Francisco Highly Recommended	The Fairmont is the hotel to stay in when visiting San Francisco. It's heritage is remarkable. It's Bay Suite stunning.Myself and my wife enjoyed a very romantic July long weekend. The view from our 23rd floor one bedroom bay view suite was incredible. The Sunday Brunch was excellent. We are more the brunch goers than say high tea in the afternoon. For about the same price, we would definitely recommend the brunch.We loved the location near Chinatown which is of course the largest Chinatown in North America. All they are lacking in this hotel is a pool. Their old pool (referred to as the plunge) was renovated into their current Tonga room. We will definitely stay at the Fairmont San Francisco next time out.	
Aug 27 2004	My Fairmont Experience	I am surprised by all the negative reviews. Personally I think people need to go and form their own opinion. We all know someone who loves to complain no matter what (which is what I think some of these negative reviewers have done). I stayed at the Fairmont a few years ago for my Birthday and had a FABULOUS time. I was fortunate enough to get a room w/ a 180 degree view of the city which was worth the price of the room all by itself. I will grant that it has been about four years since I have stayed there, but I seriously doubt that the rooms have gotten &quot;dirty,&quot; as one reviewer put, in that amount of time. The entire hotel is nicely decorated, the room I got was much larger then I was expecting, and the service was impecable. I have NEVER in my life had a complaint about something and had anyone &quot;ignore me,&quot; but perhaps I have more resonable expectations as to how to resolve the issue. I will grant I have a tendancy to acknowledge that everyone is human and I will let some things slide, but for those negative reviewers enjoy life and don't let every little thing get to you!!!	
Aug 25 2004	very over-rated	We stayed here on August 20 and 21, 2004 for our wedding anniversary. Our room was a bit shabby and smelled like cigarettes, although we were told it was a no-smoking room. The walls are thin and we could hear someone coughing most of the night next door. The other room next to ours had some children who yelled and cried and slammed the door. The doors are heavy wood and we could hear them slamming into the wee hours up and down our hallway. No newspaper, no coffe pot in room, no place to eat close by on Nob Hill except Chinatown. No coffee available in lobby except in dining room at $4.50 a cup. Breakfast costs $65.00. Next time we will stay closer to Union Square area where transportation is better and there are more food choices. This not an ideal location for children or anybody interested in tourist's attractions.	
Aug 18 2004	Elegance Incredible Staff	Pure elegance is the best way to describe this hotel. The staff was outstanding and really made the trip better than it already was. The rooms are a little older, the furniture was pretty old, but the room was still very nice and our room was very clean. The bathrooms were also newly updated (And I am REALLY picky!) If you are looking for a new, contemporary hotel do not stay here. We had a room in the older building and we overlooked the courtyard and downtown it was great! The hotel itself is just a very romantic place to stay. The extras there are very expensive, $40 for parking, $30 for breakfast, etc... The location is perfect and you can walk to everything, although you may want to take a cab or the cable car back up to the hotel. If you are looking for a neat, clean old hotel to stay in for a romantic weekend this hotel is perfect.	
Jul 21 2004	Dust and more Dust	When we walked into our room the surfaces of the furniture appeared gray from all the dust. We complained and they said they could not offer a different room because they were sold out. We had to step out to have someone clean the room and when we returned several hours later, I could still write my name in the dust. We wiped up the dust with a washcloth and took filthy rag to the manager on duty. We were told our standards of cleanliness were extreme but they went ahead and upgraded us to a Tower room anyway. The Tower was nicer but there was still plenty of dust. AAA should definitely reevaluate the Fairmont's rating.	
Jul 6 2004	A romantic hotel	The hotel has such a romantic feel to it, it made our anniversary a weekend to remember. The hotel lobby is so beautiful and historic you feel luck to be there. The room was really nice and the views were break taking. On our anniversary They had chocolate covered strawberries and a bottle of wine waiting for us in our room. They have cool restaurants and right across the street is the Top of the Mark Bar that has amazing drinks and views. This is the best hotel in SF.	
Jul 6 2004	Very Elegant	Stayed at the Fairmont last week. The Lobby is beautiful and spacious with a nice large staircase. The room was elegant and romantic and great for couples. The bathroom was large and made getting ready very easy. The bar downstairs was cool and different with live entertainment. I would stay their again on my next trip to San Francisco.	
May 28 2004	An excellent stay	Visited San Francisco from February 6th to 9th and stayed at The Fairmont. Though the room didn't have much of a view (overlooked the interior courtyard), my stay was great. Professional and friendly service starting at the front door, to the front desk and the gift shop. The room was well-appointed, very clean and relatively spacious. The bathroom was nice and the added touch of the scale was great as I was able to see how much weight I lost from walking San Francisco's famous hills!! Location on top of Nob Hill is quiet and all three cable car lines run by the hotel. Was able to book for $109 per night with the 3rd night free.The only minor concerns that I had included the $39 daily parking charge (though I didn't drive), the clock radio had to be placed by the window in order to receive any stations (not the hotel's fault as brick and concrete make for an effective signal block) and the hallway where you walk from the parking garage's California St. entrance to the elevator was on the dingy side.Would definitely recommend and would stay at the Fairmont again on my next trip to San Francisco.	
May 10 2004	They're putting the 'fair' back in Fairmont		
Apr 8 2004	The Fairmont is exceptional		
Feb 18 2004	Completely overrated		
Feb 2 2004	A Honeymoon Dream!		
Oct 16 2003	Class and elegance		
Oct 8 2003	excellent hotel		
Sep 30 2003	Nice place to stay		
Sep 21 2003	Disappointed with The Fairmont Hotel		
Jun 29 2003	The grand old dame of San Francisco		
Jun 5 2003	A Classy Place to Be!		
Jun 5 2003	Fairmont Excelente..		
Oct 11 2009 	Traumhaft gelegenes Hotel für alle Cable Car Fans		
Sep 28 2009	fantastico		
Sep 3 2009 	Overbooking a parte un'esperienza notevole		
Jul 31 2009 	Fantastische Lage Top-Hotel		
Jul 20 2009 	ottimo hotel!		
Aug 25 2008 	très bon		
May 11 2008 	Classico!		
Jan 8 2008 	Tou t ce que l'on attend d'un grand hotel!		
Dec 29 2007 	Super Genial y Elegante El Salon Tonga Simplemente Divino!!!		
Oct 5 2007 	Excelente situación y confortable		
