	Basic - great location	This hotel is all about its location, which is perfect. There was nothing at all bad about the hotel, it is clean, the staff were good and it was quite quiet - our room was small but the bathroom was a decent size. It is basic but it never pretends to be anything else. A good place if the majority of your trip is to explore the city. All round very satisfactory.	
Nov 23 2009 	Best budget choice for SF tourists	I always advise first-time visitors to San Francisco to stay in the Union Square area. It is and always has been the heart and soul of the city, and it remains the most upscale and desirable location for out-of-towners. But I do suggest that they map any hotel they're interested in, because a number of the properties that advertise their location as &quot;Union Square&quot; are actually 5-10 blocks away. In downtown SF, even two blocks can mean the difference between upscale and ghetto. So this hotel receives high marks right off the bat for being in the very heart of Union Square, just around the corner from Macy's, and the Powell Street cable running past the front door. Although this a 100-year-old property, you wouldn't know it from the appearance of the guest rooms. The owners have recently completed a major renovation, with new paint, carpets, furniture and fixtures, eliminating every trace of the musty smell common in these old buildings, and creating a very warm relaxing environment. The rooms are small, no doubt, but perfectly adequate. The majority of travelers, especially those used to the older hotels in Europe, won't have a problem. Our suite was on the fifth floor front, facing the street and with the bedroom sharing a wall with the elevator shaft, yet the room was extremely quiet. If you have kids I recommend the family suite, with one room with two twin beds and a second bedroom in back with a queen. Both rooms have wall-mounted flat screen TV's and phones. The service at this hotel is the friendliest I've experienced in any hotel in San Francisco. The complimentary breakfast is decent cereal, toast, muffins, juice and coffee. It does the job, although some fruit, and maybe a cereal option for kids (rather than just granola) would be nice. The breakfast room is light and airy and enjoys a great view of the action on Powell Street. Overall, this has to be the best choice for budget travel in the city. The location is the main selling point, but this hotel offers clean, quiet rooms and friendly service for a very affordable rate, so I'd recommend it even if it were off the beaten path.	
Nov 14 2009 	cant beat location	just down the street from the powell st bart station and a block from union square, this location cant be beat. rooms are small with no view but priced right for the location. hotel gets a gold star for cleanliness.	
Nov 4 2009 	Stratford Hotel	We were very happy with this hotel it's location cannot be bettered it is right by Union Square and the Cable Car line the staff were helpful and although the room was on the small side it was perfectly adequate we didn't go to spend time in the hotel room it was clean and the buffet breakfast was limited but again adequate and set you up for the day at no extra cost We are hoping to return to this wonderful City and this is where we will stay	
Oct 23 2009 	Second Stay - updating earlier review	This was my second stay at the Stratford, which shows you that I liked it well enough to stay there again. The rooms seem to have gotten a minor upgrade since last year. There was a new LCD television on the wall. This bathroom was nicer than the one I had last year - I'm not sure if it was renovated, or if it was this particular room. The rooms in this hotel are not all the same - layout varies according to the location and type of room. This one had a bathtub, while last year's just had a shower. I do wish that there had been some drawers - there was a small closet, but some stuff I had to leave in the suitcase. The Hilton is down the street and more than twice the price - if you want Hilton amenities, go there. If you want a clean comfortable place to sleep at a good price, the Stratford fills the bill.Hey Stratford - the continental breakfast is okay, but I just stayed in a Days Inn that had a wider assortment of pastries and apples and oranges. Surely you can do as well as Days Inn.	
Oct 11 2009 	Convenient location clean quiet and economical!	This was our first stay at The Stratford ( &amp; in SF) and we would definitely book here again. The location is excellent, so close to Union Square, the cable car, restaurants, shopping, theatres, MUNI and BART...I could go on and on.The room was small, but we expected that after checking out the hotel's own website. It was clean and modern and a great price.. we managed to find a deal for 5 nights for less than $500. We were up on the 7th floor on the side of the building so it was very quiet, even with the window open at night. Not much storage for your clothes, one small closet and 3 small drawers. Only had 5 hangers in the closet, asked twice for more, they never arrived but it didn't spoil the vacation! The staff were friendly but not always efficient- it depended on who was on duty. Great restaurant recommendations from the young man at the front desk- he knows his stuff!Inclusive breakfast is basic ( coffee, muffins, cereal, toast) and the room gets busy between 8am-9am, so we would grab coffee and muffins to go. There are plenty of reasonably priced diners close by, if you want cooked breakfast.They are very strict about no check-ins before 3pm, but they will store your bags so you can go and explore the city if you get there too early, like we did.	
Oct 11 2009 	Wonderful location but wouldn't stay again.	We stayed here for 1 night before heading home. The location of this hotel is fantastic - probably less than 30 second walk to Union Square, and a couple of minutes to the cable cars. We were given a room on the 7th floor (no view) and the room was so small that we couldn't actaully open the door properly as the bed was in the way. The room and bathroom were pretty clean, and looked like they had been quite recently decorated but were very bland. I'm not sure i'd like to stay here in the winter as the heater in the room consisted of a 3 bar, tiny radiator with no heating in the bathroom.The hotel was very noisy, we're were able to clearly hear people in the next room and various alarm clocks going off at all times. The room was adjacent to the lift and this created a lot of noise - day &amp; night.The bed was pretty comfortable but the bed cover was stained with a couple of holes.The overall impression we had of this hotel was of a youth hostel but with your own bathroom.Overall, i was glad we were only there for one night and wouldn't choose to return to this hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	A great experience and a good price	I found this hotel on kayak.com at a good rate and checked out the reviews which were mostly good. But I was SOOOOO happy with this hotel. From the moment I walked in the door at 1am, the staff there was welcoming, friendly, and very very helpful. The reception area is really small, and no the rooms are not very big either, but they are nice. The beds are comfy, and the bathroom I had was pretty big with lots of natural light, which I really enjoyed. And the bathroom products were Rusk, which were awesome. I felt safe in the hotel, and the location couldn't be beat for catching any of the major Muni or BART lines. But again, the staff was the real gem here. They helped me find my way around, made great suggestions for places to eat (and where to stay away from), and always had a minute to talk. They were definitely knowledgeable locals that were willing to share. My trip to SF was certainly better because of my stay here.	
Oct 8 2009 	Clean and simple - perfect for young couples	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights and were very pleased overall considering the price, paid only $79/night through a special they had going on. The location itself is perfect, walking distance to restaurants and the trolley stop, we even made the trek on foot all the way to Fisherman's Wharf. The rooms are very small but clean and nicely decorated, bathroom sink was next to the bed but that was fine. As long as you have 2 poeple and no more in the room it is just enough room. They serve a continental breakfast for free as well, just granola, coffee and toast, so have breakfast for free is you want to load up on tasty carbs! Service was friendly as well. Would definitely stay here again if they had the same special price going on!	
Oct 1 2009 	So many good things to say...!	I can't say enough good things about this little hotel. My two girlfriends and I decided to do a mini tour of California and this was a wonderful place to start.Sure, it's not a luxury hotel but then it was also incredibly good value for money.It's in a great location right on Union Square and brilliantly located for transport, right next to a tram stop and near the MUNI train which takes you all over the city and to the airport.The staff were friendly and helpful and recommended some excellent local restaurants. (Try the Godiva Chocolate cheesecake in the Cheesecake Factory at the top of Macys next door to the hotel!)The rooms were very clean, bright and although basic, they were very nice to come back to after a hard days sightseeing!Keep up the good work!	
Sep 25 2009 	Perfect for the price	We stayed at the Stratford for four nights last week and found the hotel to be very good value for money. To be honest, for the price that we paid we weren't really sure what we could expect. The rooms were very clean, with newly decorated and spotlessly clean en-suite bathrooms. Beds were comfortable and the hotel staff were very helpful. We stayed in a &quot;deluxe double/double&quot; room which had 2 full sized beds. With 3 adults staying in the room space was a little restricted but with the little time that we did spend in our room this wasn't too much of an issue for us. The hotel is in a great central location right next to Union Square, getting there from the airport is easy with a BART stop just down the street. Breakfast was a nice addition, although expectations should be realistic for the price paid, it is a basic continental provision with muffins, toast, coffee and orange juice but it serves it's purpose well. The only down side would be the fact that the hotel didn't have air conditioning, at most times of the year in San Francisco I'm sure this isn't too much of a problem. However, we happened to be staying during the one week of the year that SF was experiencing a heat wave! We did find our room got pretty hot at night and with Powell Street being a main street it was too noisy to open the window. When we addressed this with the reception staff they were very helpful and tried to find us another room at the rear, but as we needed a room for 3 this wasn't possible (all rooms at the rear of the hotel are smaller rooms) the issue was resolved when they presented us with a large portable fan for our room - this helped make the room much more bearable. Speaking with other people during our visit we found that this was a problem at many hotels in SF that week as air conditioning really isn't generally a necessity in SF, this isn't therefore a criticism of The Stratford, merely a point to note. Overall, we had a very good stay and I would certainly consider returning.	
Sep 24 2009 	Not bad for a budget hotel	I stayed here 4 nights in August. Nothing to complain about. Great location and friendly staff. The room and bathroom were clean, enough space for 2. Might be a little bit noisy if the room is on Powell St. Breakfast is not the best in the world but still decent. I would definitely go back again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Budget friendly Centrally located	I truly enjoyed my stay at this quaint hotel. The rooms are very small, but well appointed. My friend and I shared a room with two double beds and our &quot;biggest&quot; complaint was that there weren't enough electrical outlets for us to charge our wireless phones and Garmin gps units. Seems almost silly to mention that now. We were on the top (8th floor) facing Powell Street and at night we were serenaded by street music and cable cars. It was loud with the windows open, but the noise was dramatically reduced when we closed them. The ceiling fan kept the room cool enough at night thanks to the mild temps while we were there. The staff was incredibly helpful with all of our questions regarding the public transportation. Take the Muni to AT &amp; T Park for $2 one way...such a deal (fun to see our LA Dodgers win at the Giants stadium). I had fun taking the cable car from directly in front of the hotel down to the wharf. I also liked walking most of the city. Tad's, just a couple of doors down, serves a bargain steak dinner for $13.79. Nothing fancy, but if you are bargain minded like I am, the steak dinner is just right. I kind of wish we had more time to go back there to try something else. The complimentary breakfast served at the hotel was sort of weak, but we didn't care too much about that. They served hot tea, coffee, juice, apple muffins, toast...The muffins were good! Overall, if you are looking for a comfy, clean place to flop after a day of sightseeing, you will enjoy this place. If you are one of those high fallutin' types, then pick another place because this just won't do it for you. Of course, you will also pay two to three times more. Personally, I'd rather spend my money on jewelry or clothes or at the many fun restaurants in the city!	
Sep 9 2009 	Good Budget Hotel	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights while visiting San Francisco and it's a great hotel for the price we paid (it's pretty cheap). Front desk service is good - no problems there. Our room was tiny but we were out most of the time and really only used the hotel room to wash up and sleep. Very cute how our sink was next to our bed and not in the washroom! Different - and worked for me.Location location location - it's close to EVERYTHING. Loved it.We would definately use this hotel again if we come back to San Francisco.	
Sep 7 2009 	Bargain price in a fabulous location	Generally, we would recommend the Hotel Stratford to people going to San Francisco and on a budget. It's in a great location - literally a half a block from Union Square, surrounded by fabulous shopping, and two blocks from the cable cars &amp; BART. We rented what they call the Family room - it has two adjoined rooms with a queen bed &amp; two doubles between them, as well as one smallish bathroom - and we got a very good price compared to what we would have had to pay elsewhere to be able to sleep the same number of people. Two drawbacks: the hotel does not have airconditioning (like many others in SF) and we were there during a heat wave, AND the room facing Powell Street was fairly noisy. However, these were balanced by the fact that the staff at the desk were very knowledgeable of the area, and there were several choices for VERY early morning breakfasts since we were still on East Coast time and out the door at 5 each day. Another fun thing for our children was that we were literally the only Americans we met staying there - everyone else was from a different country so they got to hear lots of different languages.We will be back in SF in two years and will plan to stay at the hotel again, assuming nothing changes with the ownership / pricing. It's a really solid choice, in my opinion.	
Jul 28 2009	Great central location near Union Square - good value	My son and I spent one night at the Stratford in San Francisco. The location is excellentif you want a central location in SF. It is 1/2 block from Union Square; 2 blocks from the Powell ST BART (major rapid transit station). Great shopping; good restaurants; tourist buses, cable car stops on nearest corner. A very convenient location. Hotel rooms are small especially if you have 2 twin beds. The room was clean and functional. The bed comfortable. Complimentary breakfast was average. The staff was friendly and efficient and very helpful with suggestions. internet was available for a fee. There was no air conditioning. So if it happens to be hot in SF as it was in the high 90's when we were there, the room will be hot. Other wise for the price the Stratford was a really nice hotel. We paid $91 plus tax = $103 on a weekend through Hotels.com I would stay here againif I wanted to stay near Union SQ.BBeerbower	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Location!	Location, location, location. The Stratford is in the heart of San Francisco- Union square. Budget friendly, and we were shocked to be able to find a room at such last minute, especially considering after we arrived at SFO we learned that it was Pride Weekend! Extra 50,000 people in SF and still able to give us a room and early check in? Heck Yeah!! The room is decent, generic really. Small but accommodating. The staff is efficient and friendly. Only negative is watch out for your shins! I left after only a one day stay with bruises on both shins as the platform bed juts out on the bottom and is hidden by the oversized comforter. Ouch!Other than that! Hip hip hooray :)	
Jul 10 2009 	Great Location!!!	If you're looking for a central location, to explore SF then this is a great budget option.Rooms are tiny, but the space is well organised and all amenities are available.Immaculately clean, comfortable beds and yes there is a reasonable amount of street noise, but you're in a very busy city in a very tourist populous area, so its not fair to complain about that. Very friendly and helpful staff. Would stay there again if I was in SF. Tip: If you have heavy luggage (like me) there is a street level elevator on the corner of Ellis &amp; Market streets to access Powell St station, much easier than trying to negotiate stairs. i reccomend using the BART train from SFO to downtown its cheap, efficent, safe and very clean.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great location friendly staff.	Anyone who wants a nice cheap clean place to stay whilst in San Fran should look no further. Staff are all very friendly and helpful, the room we had was big enough to just walk around bed. At first we worried about being cramped, but once in and organized, it was more than enough room (so much to see you don't spent too much time in it!)Some of the reviews we read talked about how noisy it is. The cable car stop is just outside the front door. Very convenient, but they do make a bit of noise. We found the busker's in union square made more noise than the cable cars! Despite all of this we still had no trouble getting any sleep.On the second floor (i think) breakfast was served every morning,with the daily paper. Was very well stocked with heaps of choice.The internet was good and well priced( $5 for 20mins).Only other downside is it may have the slowest elevator in the world. My wife and I had a couple of races. She would go in the lift and I took the stairs. Up 8 floors and I was only just behind...This hotel is like gateway to the rest of San Fran. Once your on the cable car you can go anywhere.	
May 29 2009 	The Perfect Location	I found this hotel on kayak.com for under $90 per night over a holiday weekend. We were expecting a hole in the wall and we got a lot more. The rooms are very small but large enough with how much time we spent in there. The beds are comfortable and there was a nice flat screen. The sink was actually in the room but that did not bother us at all. This hotel is literally in the perfect spot. You are right on Powell Street in the heart of Union Square and less than two blocks from the MUNI, BART and Cable Car access. I think if you are going to San Fran for leisure this is the perfect location because you are in the middle of everything and are so close to public transportation. Also- the front desk was very helpful with finding places to eat and answering our questions on which bus to take, how to get from here to there, etc. We will definitely check out this hotel next time we plan a trip to San Fran.	
May 27 2009 	Much like a dorm but great location	After researching online I found this on Expedia for $99 a night. Since we were doing a &quot;tour&quot; of California we had a rental car, and they offer parking for $25 a night. If you are only doing San Fran... you don't need a car. The hotel is 1-1/2 blocks from Market Street where you can catch the trolley, or cable cars. There's tons of shopping and dining all around. My husband and I actually walked from the hotel to Fisherman's Wharf. It wasn't too bad, and a great way to see all kinds of things. Was probably actually quicker than riding the MUNI.My husband's uncle had &quot;upgraded&quot; us... I think that means he paid extra for a room on Powell Street. Great! Noisy people, noisy trolley, noisy cars ALL NIGHT LONG. The good thing was we had a window because our room did not have air conditioning. In fact, I wonder if any of the rooms have A/C? Just keep that in mind if it will be hot when you are travelling.Overall the hotel was very trendy. We had a corner shower stall. Pedestal sink. Bathroom was average hotel bathroom size. The bedroom was tiny, like a college dorm room. Everything was clean and seemed very new and well kept.The complimentary breakfast was very basic: toast, yogurt, granola and muffins. The girl that worked the front desk the night we checked in was nice and helpful. Overall a very good value, and I'd stay there again if it is not going to be hot.	
May 14 2009 	I will stay here again and again	What a great value for money...an old hotel yes, but with character, spotlessly clean, with great maid service, comfy beds and even comfortable bed linens, which so few hotels seem to have. I had a room away from the street and it was very quiet, just a few &quot;ding ding!&quot; sounds from passing cable cars. There was a ceiling fan, which I love. The breakfast was simply toast and blah muffins but the coffee was good. The shampoo and soap in the room was so nice I took the rest of it with me, which I rarely do. Also, a great location if you're coming into the city by BART...Powell station is just a 3 minute walk from the hotel. I booked this room to have a bed and roof over my head and I got so much more.	
May 11 2009 	Location location location	The best part about this budget hotel is its location, right off Union Square. Rooms are a bit dated and breakfast was very basic. There is no aircondtion in the rooms, so they ones facing Powell St. can get very hot during the afternoon.	
Apr 26 2009 	Clean 	Besides those in the headlines, nothing much to comliment this hotel.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great location	I love the location of the hotel in the middle of all the stores and great if you are going to use public transportation. Right next to the Bart station that can be taken right from the San Francisco Airport. The rooms are on the very small size but if used only to sleep and shower it is great.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great Location	It's right in the heart of Union Square so you're surrounded by shops (H&amp;M, DSW, Urban Outfitters, etc) and cafes. Really convenient as it's located just a few minutes from a BART station. The cable car also goes by right in front of the hotel, and can be boarded down by the BART station. But the line for that was hours long, so we didn't want to waste time waiting for it.Almost all of the staff members were friendly and helpful. Breakfast wasn't really anything exciting so we skipped that, but there's plenty of places to eat nearby. Noise wasn't a problem, but we had a room that faced a brick wall so that might be why! (But if you're hardly in the room anyway then it really doesn't make a difference.) Nice TV and bathroom (nice shower) and the beds were fine. All in all it was a great price given the central location.	
Apr 9 2009 	Excellent choice and way above 2 star expectations	As a travel agent I'm always looking for small properties for clients who are looking for the best price for clean, comfortable lodging. Excellent location between Union Square and Market St., up 1 1/2 blocks from the Powell Street cable car turnaround. All the major shopping within a 5 minute walk. Several good restaurants/cafes locally.Rooms are small (but I wasn't expecting to entertain a group!) and very clean. For the price of around $100 per night, about 1/3 the price of the &quot;big name&quot; hotels nearby. Bed linens and towels were as good as any 4-5 start hotel. The bed was more comfortable than a 4 star resort hotel I'd stayed at a week earlier and at 1/4 the price. Staff at the Stratford was friendly and helpful. Breakfast may not be fancy, but the coffee and juice were good and the muffin/toast choice was sufficient to get me started for the day. If you want to pay a lot for breakfast, go to one of the many establishments nearby. Luggage storage was very handy since I had the red-eye back to Boston at 11 p.m. I've stayed at 2 other nearby 2-3 star hotels and the Stratford has them beat.My preferences are cleanliness, comfort, location. This hotel met all my criteria.	
Mar 25 2009 	Simple budget hotel near Union Square	Great location in San Fran - next to Union Square and right in the middle of the shopping district. Very close to the BART station which came in handy and the cable car stop is right outside the door! This is a simple, budget like hotel that is clean and good value for what it is. Staff were always helpful. Rooms were small and most have limited views and some street noise but they were clean and had reasonable amenities. The lobby and common areas are also small and the lift is slow (stairs are quicker). The included breakfast is just pastries and juices etc served in a common eating room (self serve). There is no restaurant on site (plenty nearby). Internet access in rooms or lobby is not free. Positives - good value for money and locationNegatives - small rooms with street noise, lack of amenitiesPerfect if you are looking for somewhere cheap and easy to just sleep in between exploring the great city of SF.	
Mar 20 2009 	A bit dumpier than I imagined	I thought that this would be ideal b/c the hotel is right on Powell, near the cable car turnaround. The location is convenient, but the hotel is surprisingly old. The room has IKEA-type furniture, which could be cute but looks a little dorm-like in the somewhat aged room. The breakfast was in a sterile cafeteria-like room.	
Mar 17 2009 	Exactly what we were expecting	After reading all the reviews, we were expecting small but clean rooms maybe noisy if on the street side. It was okay for us since we were looking for a clean budget hotel located near powell Bart station to facilitate our deplacement from and to the airport with our suitcase. The location was perfect for us: two block from powell station which was an easy easy way to the bart (which by the way is really convenient, easy and cheap to use). Many café and restaurant around the hotel and an easy, althought steepy, walk to all sightseeing (we walk to Fisherman' wharf, Coit tower, Chinatown,...). Just prepare to be ask money all the time and not just in front or near the hotel, but near union square, on market street, at fisherman' wharf... We were two girls (22 and 27) and we never felt unsafe at night in this area since there is many people walking on Powell street. Inside of the hotel now. We have been gave a 2 twin bedroom on the back of the hotel on the 2nd floor (the floor of the breakfast room). Yes the room is small, but we kept our suitcase in the closet and we were in the room only to sleep, so the size didn't botter us much. The tv on the wall seems a nice occupation of the space.What was important to us was to have a clean room and clean bathroom. They were spotless and someone came each day to refresh both. We were on the backside of the hotel, so we heard little sound (helicopter, people in the stairway or hallway,...) but it was less noise than I hear each day in my own appartment. The heating can not be control in the room, so one night, we found the room a little hot. Again, it's the same in my own appartment so... The matress and the pillow were really comfy and we slept like babies. The breakfast is really really simple: juice, coffee, toats, jam, muffin (good), granola cereal, yaourt. That's all! It was good for us since we were travelling on a budget. As more, we took some muffin to go and it make us a great snack during the day. Budget, budget, budget!!! We checked in early. I've had heard that the hotel was really strict about the check-in but we arrive at 2pm and we were prepared to leave our suitcase there and come back later. However, to our suprise, the girl at the desk gave us our key very kindly. At check out time, since we had a very very late flight, we have asked to leave our suitcases in the storage room and our passport in the commun safe for the day and both demand receive AGAIN a very kind positive response. Overall, we had a very positive experience with the staff that we didn't found rude at all. Since we cannot live without Internet, we've suscribe to the wireless with paykiosk. It was 30$ for a week and we tought it was a better value than the 10$ for 24 hours. The signal was good and we didn't had any probelm connecting. However, when we wanted to print our boarding pass in the &quot;business center&quot; near the lobby, we found that our wireless subscription didn't work there. We would have had to pay for the Internet in the &quot;business center&quot;.So, for the money we paid on expedia (less or near 100$ a night), we had a good sleep in a nice clean room, located in the center of it all, had a good breakfast while looking at Powell street and I've been treated nicely by the staff. We really enjoy our &quot;non problematic&quot; stay at The stratford and recommend this hotel to anyone who can be accomodate by the kind of ameties they offer.	
Feb 26 2009 	Good value	This hotel was in a great location right in the heart of downtown close to great shopping and restaurants (Cheesecake Factory right around the corner!). It is right on the cable car line so super easy to get to Fisherman's Wharf and Alcratraz and all that stuff. We arrived at night on the BART train and walked up to the hotel, about 3 blocks. We were a bit taken aback by the sketchy characters and &quot;vibrancy&quot; of the area but we made it to the hotel in one piece. It is definitly a &quot;budget&quot; hotel, meaning you get the basics and no luxurious extras, but it's clean and seems to be well run. It has a hostel feeling to it but has been recently renovated and the rooms are all private and they have small flat screen tv's and private bathrooms. One small point - the housekeeping staff come by too early in the morning so put out your &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign if you want to sleep in! Bottom line, if you want to go for cheap, this is a good place to stay, but if you want a bit more comfort and luxury, spend the extra money and stay at a higher end place.	
Feb 21 2009 	Small but Quiet room	My sister made the reservation and asked for a quiet room. IOur room was in the middle of the hotel and didn't have a view . However, even though it was on Powell street with cable cars, we couldn't hear anything. Europeans were the main guests. The beds were comfortable and the breakfast room was pleasant.	
Feb 16 2009 	Heart of Downtown S.F.	If you want to be close to everything in SF this is the place.This is the downtown hotel, the room was small, very small but for the location we did not care at all. The view of our room was the back of the hotel but hey we did not care at all.The staff was great and helped us alot.We were walking distance of the powell train station, the cable car ( arrive early huge line up) or just take the tram to Fisherman's wharf, its faster and more convenient.We did not try the breakfast since we had alot to visit and we wanted to see alot of thingsI would recommend this hotel for anyone that wants to experience downtown SF anytime.	
Feb 14 2009 	Do not chose a club room !	The &quot;centennial club&quot; rooms in this hotel are the most comfortable, offering such amenities as free wi-fi (I had to remind the desk clerk about this, though, because the network was still asking me to pay by credit card), plush bathrobes, better beds, coffeemaker, etc... BUT these rooms have a view on Powell street, quite a busy place at night. I could handle the cars, cable cars, and even the occasional siren, but there also is a drummer who plays on the sidewalk just across the street from the hotel, every evening from 7pm to 9pm, all year round. and even at the eighth floor, you can hear him like he was playing in the room itself...The desk clerk (who is a very friendly person, don't get me wrong) told me : &quot;yeah, he's been playing at that very spot since I've been working here&quot;, and offered me some earplugs. (I could still hear the drums over the earplugs)Now I like afro-cuban percussion as much as the other guy, but after the first night you kinda get tired of it, and if you want to get to sleep early... well just forget about it.On a positive note, i have to say that they offer delicious muffins for breakfast.	
Feb 5 2009 	Good Hotel for what we needed	After a long flight from NYC and a very bad bus driver from the airport, we finally got to the hotel. They wouldn't take my booking with out the voucher to show that i'd actually paid for it, so after fussing around on the internet we were finally able to go to our room. The first room they gave us has 2 single beds. back to recepion and to ask for a queen room. The room was ok. Rooms are small and the sink was right beside the bed not in the bathroom, but it did the job for the 4 nights we were there. The location was fantastic. Cable car right out front and bus and tram very short walk away to take you to fishermand wharf etc. Shopping is right around the corner! The breakfast was just muffins cereal or toast &amp; juive, coffee but wasn't too bad. The lift is VERY VERY slow!!!	
Feb 4 2009	The Return	I reserved via the hotel website about 2 months prior to my check-in where I indicated my expected arrival time (11 am). I arrived promptly at 11 am and although I knew that check-in was officially at 3 pm, I thought that I could already get a room. I was informed that there was no room available at that time, especially since the hotel was busy with guests the day before. So they had me stow my luggage in the meantime while I explored the city. By 8 pm, I was ready to turn in and I was given an 8th floor queen room at &quot;the back side&quot; so it would be away from the street noise.It was a different room layout than the last time that I was there (6th floor). The sink with mirror and light was near the the bed, not in the bathroom. There was a small closet next to the sink with hangers, iron, and ironing board. The bathroom had a shower stall with curtain (vs. glass door) , storage space, and the toilet. A flat screen TV was on the desk drawer. There were two window panes (wouldn't open) that made the room feel a little spacious with light from outside when the curtains were drawn. I also had a kitty-corner view of Powell Street below.There was a ceiling fan and light and a desk lamp next to the bed, along with a clock radio. I really liked the bed - it was very comfortable and helped me sleep soundly.I could still hear some of the street sounds from below but nothing disruptive or annoying.I appreciate the room's cleanliness when I arrived after check-in and whenever I returned after 12-hr days of outdoor exploration.I didn't really go to the Tea Room for breakfast but I did in the my last visit (November 2008), where granola cereal with milk and orange juice got me started my day.I enjoyed my stay and will return again whenever I have the chance to visit SF. The accommodations were adequate for my needs.SUMMARY: Location, price, clean and cozy room, comfortable bed, helpful staff.	
Feb 2 2009 	If you rely on Location this IS the spot	Pros: it was in the heart of S.F. literally everything is in walking distance, and if you need to go far, you can take the ferry that is right outside your steps, it goes all the way down to fisherman's wharf/Alcatraz. Cons: We stayed in the standard queen room and it looks like the 360 degree video on thier website, very small. But if you just need it for sleep the bed was comfortable, shower worked and they had free breakfast. Parking is $25 for every 24 hours in and out. which really sucks, but reality is pretty much every hotel you stay at in S.F. you have to pay for parking, mind you that if you do drive your car anywhere, you have to pay for parking, some places are $3 an hour, but usually it's a base fee of $10 with a maximum of like 4 hours.. soo lame, so you are better off flying there, then using the trolly, walking, or taking a cab, especially if you're not used to the roads there cuz it is craaaazy.overall the hotel is a good place to go if you are going for the sights of S.F. if you are trying to do a romantic getaway with a luxury hotel this is def not the place for you	
Jan 22 2009 	Great little place	This a small boutique hotel in a great location. The Stratford is right on Powell Street. Down the bottom of the street is the cable car turn-around - which takes you to fisherman's wharf. Warning: the lines here are HUGE. If you walk up the hill a bit, you can usually jump on on a car fairly easily. Also down the bottom of Powell is a train station and a shopping mall. Great shopping is located nearby. Union Square is also a less than a block away. We stayed for 6 nights. Breakfast is included - but beware it is quite average. Only cereal and muffins. Coffee is not very nice either. The rooms are quite small - but clean. Only drawback of our particular room was we had no window on to the street. Just a wall of the next building! Being on level 1 we still experience quite a bit of street noise. Front desk staff were friendly and helpful. This is a good hotel for location and price. We would probably try something else next time though.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great value!	The Stratford is an older hotel that has recently been renovated. So, the rooms are quite small and the elevator is slow. Other than that, though, it's a great deal -- it's very clean, the decor is recent and tasteful in an IKEA kind of way, and the location can't be beat for tourism. I stayed in room 704, which had a great view down Powell St.; though the noise from the street might be pretty bad on the lower floors, it was barely audible on that level. Breakfast was a little stingy, but I'm fine with coffee and granola, so it did what I needed it to do. Seriously, San Francisco has lots of fleabag hotels, but this isn't one of them.	
Jan 2 2009 	Cheap and cheerful	We booked at the Stratford after a very expensive week spent at the Hotel Nikko nearby. I was there with my parents and we had never been to San Francisco beforePros:- great price- clean room with TV and decent clean bathroom- very central and convenient location - for shopping, transport and travel to and from airport (the Powell Bart station is a few minutes walk away and provides stress free transport to SF International airport)- basic breakfast included does the job to start the dayCons:- Can't really open the window at night if you have a room street-side as there is a lot of noise (the vagrants on Union Square seemed to think that drumming at 2am would somehow convince people to part with their cash)- No safe in the room and only a communal safe at receptionOverall, a very good budget hotel which I would recommend	
Dec 11 2008 	Great bargain 	Went here with my best friend for my first trip to SF and found this hotel right in the heart of Union Square. Super great bargain for a fantastic location. Was disappointed when I checked in to find out that they oversold my room, however, they upgraded me to a 1 bedroom suite but that didn't exactly work for 2 girls, we ended up sleeping on a roll away and the couch. Room was right on Powell Street and had a decent view. Hallways smelled musty and the elevator was SLOW!!!! The continental breakfast was pathetic - burnt muffins, flavorless cereal and crappy bread for toast. Would have expected a LOT more from this place. Also, was out until late at night and had to wait outside of the hotel for about 20 minutes for somebody to finally let us in after buzzing forever......Overall, a great deal and an awesome location. We weren't in our room that much so it didn't really matter but still some good stuff to know.....	
Dec 11 2008 	Wouldn't stay here again	We stayed here at the end of November for our second visit to San Francisco, the first time having stayed with friends. The location of this hotel might suit some people who want to be in the centre of the city (its on a nosy main street around the corner from Union Square) but we found the noise at night really annoying and it kept us awake. We stayed on the eight floor and our room was tiny! The beds felt smaller than single beds and were not comfortable at all. The room was absolutely freezing and when we phoned the fromt desk to ask how to get the radiator to work we were told that it is on a main timer at the hotel and they could not turn it on for us! The radiator never worked at all for the course of our trip and we were absolutely frozen! The cleanliness of the room was fine and the staff on the front desk were pleasant but I would not stay here again or recommend it to anyone. In my opinion you could get a much nicer hotel for what we paid with Expedia.	
Nov 21 2008 	Good hotel for the price	We stayed in a Queen on the 8th floor, away from Powell, which had no view but was reasonably quiet when the windows were shut. The room layout was a bit awkward as the sink was not in the bathroom but the bedroom area. The room was clean except for some scuff marks on the wall. The room had a slightly humid feel to itThere is a free continental breakfast, which includes muffins, cereal , toast and coffee/tea.This hotel has excellent access to public transportation around the city and to the airport. Unfortunately the hotel elevator is rather slow.The people at the front desk were always friendly.Excellent value.	
Nov 20 2008 	Stay Near The Square - In The Middle Of It All	If you are contemplating a trip to see the Golden Gate and also seek basic accommodations with reasonable rates and a great Union Square location, then you need not search any further than the Stratford on the Square – though, not actually ON the square, it is a half block from it. However, the Stratford is in the middle of everything else: shops, Starbucks and eateries – oh, yes … the Powell Street Cable Car literally clangs right past the front door.Another bonus is its easy access to San Francisco’s wonderful Muni public transportation network (streetcars, underground trolley and bus) system as well as the area BART system, all of it operating from the Powell/Market Street station. The hotel is situated on the eastern side of Powell Street and a two-block uphill walk from the aforementioned station. There is a large sign with vertical lettering of the hotel name above the front entrance. The narrow lobby is non-descript; it consists of a small counter opposite a comfortable-looking sofa. On your left as you stand at the counter is the cramped and slooooow elevator – I found myself using the adjacent staircase more often than not. In the rear, behind the elevator is a lounge area with television and the requisite computer (for those weak souls unable to breathe without 24/7 internet access.) The Tea Room, where guests have their fill of a light complementary breakfast (bread, muffins, cereal, coffee and juice) can be found on the second floor. Actually, I though it to be a pleasant well-lit room. As you drink your coffee feel free to look down onto busy Powell Street and watch the cable car shuttle tourists up the steep incline towards the oh-so tacky Fisherman’s Wharf. If you are the type who needs a hearty breakfast to get you going, I don’t recommend it. (Instead, cross the street and head west a few blocks down Geary to the wonderful Olympic Flame diner, where hungry patrons can choose among 75 types of omelets.)The room, or at least mine, was all I needed for a week. The bathroom with toilet and closet-sized shower are separated by a sliding door; the sink was actually in the room opposite the bed. I won’t call it small; how about, I just call it comfortable? In any case, who goes to San Francisco to sit in a hotel room? Not I.If you seek glitz, marble, valet parking and a nightly mint, then seek elsewhere; otherwise, the Stratford Near the Square is an enjoyable and wholeheartedly recommended place to rest your head.	
Oct 26 2008 	Loud Street Noise No AC	We were looking for a hotel in the Union Square area that we could easily reach by BART as we were flying out from the international terminal the next day. This hotel is very close to a BART station. After having had a bad experience at the Palace (very loud street noise, couldn't sleep), I looked for a Union Square hotel review that did not mention street noise. However, the street noise at the Stratford did turn out to be very loud. There was a band playing across the street until 11PM or so. There was no AC in the room and it does sometimes get hot in SF. So you have to open the window to cool down. The windows only open about 4 inches so it is very tough to cool down. The room was very small, but that is to be expected in SF. It was a remodel of a very old building and the age showed through in some places. There was a flat screen TV to make it look more modern, but it was a tiny one. Because of the low price, I did not feel as bad as I did after staying at the Palace. But I'd only recommend this hotel for night owls for nights when cold weather is predicted, or for college kids planning to stay out late, get drunk then pass out. If I stay in that area again, I'd probably stay at the Hilton two blocks away. I avoided that hotel because it was closer to the Tenderloin but there isn't much difference in two blocks, and there are panhandlers between the BART station and this hotel anyway.	
Oct 21 2008 	Excellent Location	Two night stay at Stratford exceded our expectations. The location is absolutely perfect. We took the BART from the airport and hotel was less than five minute walk. We arrived early and were greeted by a very friendly and accomodating staff. Our bags were stowed until check in time and we headed out. Bus and MUNI are also only a few minute walk away and the trolley runs directly in front of the hotel. Had lunch and returned to hotel. Rooms are very small but comfortable and clean. Similar to accomodations throughout Europe. Walls however are a bit thin and can hear walking over head. We are not light sleepers so this was no problem for us. Would definitely stay at this hotel again. Cannot beat the price and location for downtown San Francisco.	
Sep 28 2008 	Great location good hotel	Booked this hotel purely on the reviews I read on here and wasn't disappointed. There seemed to be A LOT of bad hotel reviews for San Fran.Reception desk staff very polite and keen to help. Lift very slow, but we were on the 7th floor so persevered with it!Had a twin bed room which was quite spacious although not much room for 2 large suitcases.We we at the front of the hotel so was quite noisy, if i stayed again, which i would, i'd request a room at the back. Slept well despite this.Bathroom spacious and clean. Had a big window which let in lots of light, shower over bath was right next to the large frosted window, bit strange, but on a high floor so wasn't too worried.Breakfast included which was convenient , nothing amazing, but definitely enough to keep you going until lunch.Location - don't think you could get more central. On Powell St in the heart of everything - shops, restaurants, trams etc... Noisy, but its a city. Would certainly recommend.	
Sep 12 2008 	location location location!	We stayed here for 3 nights and picked this hotel purely on location and that most reviews stated it was clean. We were not disappointed on either. The hotel is just up the street a few minutes walk from the start of the cable car route to Fishermans Wharf and Union Square is about half a minute walk around the corner. We got BART from the airport ($5.35pp) and walked up Powell Street to the hotel. The young man at reception was most helpful and showed us on maps where the hotel was and pointed out areas to visit. He also said that if we wanted to know anything to come back and ask.The room we had was small as we expected but very clean with a reasonably comfortable bed, a sink in the room and a separate small room with shower and toilet. There was a hairdryer beside the sink and an iron/ironing board in the small wardrobe. Towels were replaced daily. After hiking around all day we didn't notice any noise at night!Continental breakfast was included in the room rate which is unusual for US. This was orange or cranberry juice, yogurt, cereal, toast, muffins and hot drinks and was adequate to keep us going until lunchtime.There were plenty of places to eat around the hotel - we had great Thai food just around the corner in Muang Thai and enjoyed Lori's Diner too. We also had dinner in Jazz Bistro Les Joulins which was lovely and very reasonable with the added extra of live music.The shopping around this area was great too - every type of shop from Gucci and Louis Vuitton to Ross and Marshalls!We would stay here again due to cleanliness, value for money and location, but don't go if you want 5 star luxury and plan to spend lots of time in your room.	
Sep 5 2008 	cute place...great location!	we stayed at the stratford on august 31 for one night...the room was very small, but well laid out. the bed was comfy and the linens we nice and clean. overall, the room was spotless. the bathroom was actually a decent size considering how small the room was. the only thing about the shower was that the drain was a little slow..so the shower kinda filled up with water. we almost overflowed onto the floor oopps! the hotel offers a complimentary breakfast in a great tea room that has lots of windows. you can look out and see the hustle and bustle of the street and the cable cars zip by. the breakfast was simple...toast, cereal, muffins...hey! it's free!i would totally stay here again!	
Sep 5 2008 	Great for tourists...	I stayed here for 4 nights during the labour day weekend (Aug - Sep 08). Firstly, the location!!! Perfect for any tourist wanting to be close to all the action and be able to get around town easily. We were able to catch the BART (subway) straight from SFO to Powell station and walk easily with our suitcases to the hotel. In addition, the cable car turnaround on literally 100m away - so it was easily to get to all those tourist attractions (i.e. Fishermans Wharf, Lombard st etc)Although we were initially surprised by the tiny room...we soon made ourselves comfortable. As mentioned by other reviewes..there isnt much floor space for your suitcases however the bedroom and beds were clean - which is important when you just want a place to sleep in at the end of an exhausting day.The complimentary breakfast was a plus. Definitely saved times in the morning wondering around deciding where to eat (and whether anything had opened yet). Although it was quite simple...it was enough to get your day started with toast, muffins, coffee and juice.The only hotel improvements I would recommend are:1) Improve the lift service (it was excruciatingly slow)2) Install air conditioners in the rooms (although our room was quite cool and we never thought twice about needing it)3) Have the sink inside the bathroom as opposed to next to the bed4) Consider having a clearer shower curtain so that you can have some light whilst showering (there were no windows in our bathroom and the only light was in the center of the room)All in all...happy with our stay!	
Sep 2 2008 	I was taken by the stratford hotel!	Have you ever bin cheated or have money stolen from you? Well that’s what happened to me at this hotel!They told me that for ALL three nights it would cost me $159.00 I made sure to tell me it another time, so that it was made clear. But when I got the bill it was 159.00 for each night! When I talked to them about it, they laught at me! When I told them I wanted to talk to the mangier, they wouldn’t let me!Don’t let this happen to you! But if that doesn’t sound like a bad price to you, here is the rest. The rooms were nice, but very small. The free breakfast is only muffins, and toast. Also orange juice and coffee. I would have staid there again if the price was decent. It is an ok location.	
Sep 1 2008 	Perfect location for everything In San Fran	We stayed at the Stratford in August 2008 for four days. the hotel is right in the middle of the action in San Fran which made it very convenient to come back during the day. The lift was very slow and is probably easier to take the stairs. The rooms ARE very small, not much room for your suitcases but as we didn't spend too much time in our room, it wasn't much of a concern. we had a room facing away from the street but could still hear the bells from the street cars. Nothing to keep you awake though. reception was helpful and the cleaning was great. bathroom also very tiny, Breakfast was simple and as most american food full of sugar. stay away from the cereal and stick to the toast. juice also was full of sugar. mufffins were good to take for mid morning snack!We ate at Cafe Mason for dinner, simple pasta and quick service. Also Lori's across the road was a great place for lunch. their chicken noodle salad was good as were their waffles. good value for right in the middle of the city, at the door you can!! take a street car straight to Fishermans Wharf	
Aug 19 2008 	great location	The Location is the best thing with this hotell, though cleaning was nice.The hotell is old, smal no air con- but nice reception.overall an average hotell with nothing special.	
Aug 14 2008 	Great location!	The Stratford is situated right-smack in the middle of where the buzz is! It's location is superb, and yes, the cable-car runs pass it and it is just blocks away from the famous cable-car turn-around.There are a few downsides due to its wonderful location - noise, rooms are really small, no air-conditioning, and not so great breakfast. Nonetheless, I would recommend this hotel to those who are looking for an accomodation in the heart of San Francisco, which serves as a place to sleep at night.	
Jul 16 2008	Where you want to be	As with any location in downtown SF size will be an issue when it comes to accomodations. However, most people don't come here to rough it out in thier hotel room and if they are then they probably shouldn't want to stay in downtown SF. As everyone has reviewed the location can't be beat, you are in the MIX of everything, barely a block away from Union Square. If you want shopping this is it!!! That was the reason for my trip I wanted to do all my X-mas shopping in the city. I think this will become a yearly tradition.I had a room with 2 twin beds so my bf and I just pushed them together to make a semi-full sized bed. There was a little vanity area and closet sufficient for all my shopping bags. It really would not be condusive for more than 2 adults though. Check-in and out was a breeze and they do have computers in the lobby that you can rent if you need to check emails. We parked in one of the many garages in the area, they may have valet but everything is so close you really wouldn't need your car till you leave so a garage will do just fine.	
Jul 6 2008 	Great location hard bed small room	Overall the staff and services were pretty good. Expect valet to take about 20 minutes. Also, dont open the door too quickly, you might knock the shower head off the wall. It is really small. My room had a double bed that was really hard. I have to say though it was really clean. The location is great, so pick your poison I guess. Not recommended for children, but for a quick getaway it is good.	
Jul 3 2008 	Nice Place to stay	Nice place to stay, conveniently located (Union Square). cheap and clean.	
Jul 1 2008 	Great Location	The Stratford cannot be beaten for location. The cable car stops right outside the door, there is a great deli just across the street and union square is just around the corner.The hotel itself is just what you need when you are on a break in a city like San Francisco. It is a budget hotel but the rooms are clean and perfectly roomy, breakfast is included in your rate and the front desk is available 24/7. If you want 5 star luxury in a city like San Francisco then you must be planning to spend a lot of time in your room.We were looking for a pleasant hotel to use as a base for our family holiday and thats exactly what we got.We would recommend the hotel to anyone wanting the same and as for the noise of the cable cars, they stop at midnight. And if you want to get some sleep any earlier earplugs are provided. My two teenagers slept in the street facing bedroom and had no problems with noise and they thought the earplugs were just another wacky american notion (thats irish teenagers for you.)	
Jun 5 2008 	Excellent	My stay at the Stratford was great. It was exactly what I expected for the price I was paying. The rooms were very nice. I loved where the breakfast was served because it is located on the street-side of the hotel with plenty of windows. From a few floors up you can have a great view of the street coming to life in the morning. After you've had your fill you can take a nice cup of coffee along with you out onto the street and walk just a few yards away right into Union Square, where there is always something going on. San Francisco was an awesome experience all around.	
May 29 2008 	Not so great..	This is an affordable hotel in a wonderful spot. Really right in the center of everything. Unfortunately the hotel itself was not pleasant to stay in. On the first night I was placed near the street where one can hear the constant noise of the trolley car and rambunctious street band. I was then moved to the back of the hotel into a room that smelled like fresh paint. It was nauseating. In addition to the smell the room was freezing. I asked the front desk about the heat situation and they kept telling me it took awhile to heat up. But it never heated up. Usually I feel like I am a flexible person or easy going where it comes to where I sleep but this was not enjoyable. I recommend this for people who will really only use the room for sleeping. I guess in this situation you get what you pay for.	
May 21 2008 	Small friendly excellent location	Absolutley loved our time at the Stratford. Location is unbeatable right off Union Square right in the hub of everything. Cable car stop just outside hotel providing access to the Bay area, is walkable we did it in about 40 minutes, but is very uphill on the way back!Hotel rooms were small but clean and more than adequate. Front desk were very very helpful in reccommending places to eat and drink and in advice on day trips. Breakfast was lovely, simple but effective, muffins, toast, cereals, juices and tea and coffee. Absolutley brilliant in terms of price and value for money. Would definatly stay there again and would reccommend to anyone who is after simple and clean. It's location definatly its best feature but we had nothing negative to say about our stay there at all.	
May 12 2008 	Enjoyable stay!	A friend and I stayed here for a few nights in January. Its in an excellent location, close to everything. Although the room was very small (two twin beds), it was clean and had a good bathroom. Not alot of natural light as the room's window looked out on to a brick wall - pretty claustrophobic! Included breakfast is a bonus...overall good stay, highly rec!	
May 12 2008 	Fabulous Location	My check in was not the best experience. The girl finished her conversation with the bell man, before acknowledging me. However, all my dealings with hotel staff after that where pleasant and friendly.Room is small, with an emphasise on small, yet, it was clean and comfortable. I am a petite female and I found the room small, had a bed and that’s it. However, location is fabulous and so convenient for Union Square, Market Street, Cable Car stop. Despite check in and room size I am really glad I stayed here.	
Apr 30 2008 	Sufficient and convenient	There were three of us in a &quot;queen/club queen&quot; room for one night last week. My bed was farily comfortable, but seemed a bit narrower than my queen at home. For us three adults, it was a wee bit crowded, but then again, we didn't go to SF to stay in the room. Though very basic, the hotel/room was clean, updated and more than sufficient for a brief stay. The breakfast, which was included, was very basic: mini-muffins, white bread, granola, coffee, milk, tea, and juice. I didn't care for the very slow single lift, which seemed to always re-open the doors at least once after you've already selected your floor or pressed &quot;close doors&quot;. With our room being on the seventh floor, I definitely got my exercise on the stairs! The location was, to me, the hotel's best feature. Powell St was close to everything (except the water), and the cable cars passed right in front of the hotel, though you had to walk a wee bit to the stop (no problem there). The staff was pleasant and helpful, and we could store our baggage in the backroom for free before we checked in and after we checked out. One more thing-there is absolutely NO AC/central air of any kind, so opening windows was the only way to go because it was absolutely stifling in our room. The bathroom window opened downwards, and even with our room being located on a high floor and with the shower curtain closed, it was still a bit &quot;weird&quot; to have such an open view into an extremely private room! Powell St was extremely busy and noisy until about 22h, esp with the windows open, but none of us had any trouble falling asleep, probably b/c we were so exhausted from our day's activities. Overall, a pleasant stay at the Stratford.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great place to stay	I stayed at the Stratford 6 days on April 2008 during a business trip. I believe that you cannot get better value for money, neither a better location than the Stratford. You will not need a car, nor almost any public transportation as well, everything is within a walking distance. The Cable Car is just outside on Powell st. and it will get you anywhere you need. The room was a bit small but clean and well equipped. Nice shower, a surprising 32” LCD TV, and wireless internet ($30/month or $10/day).Breakfast was ok to get my day going with juice, coffee, bread and muffins. Within a short walking distance you will find lots of restaurants and dinners.Staff was nice and courteous. There was no problem with noise, as I stayed in a room that’s away from the street. A weak sound of the Cable Car could be heard, but it was actually a nice reminder that I am in SF, and did not bother me at all.I will definitely stay at the Stratford again in the future.Assaf PiloDirector of Sales and MarketingCheckmarx Ltd.	
Apr 28 2008 	Very convenient	This hotel is very conveniently located close to union square. Clean, comfortable, quiet (In downtown SFO !).Very friendly welcome.	
Apr 24 2008	Weekend in the City	My boyfriend and I spend 3 nights in downtown San Francisco playing &quot;tourist&quot; although both of us were very familiar with the city. Hotel Stratford was an amazing find- location, staff, and fellow travelers were all 5* :) AND the price cannot be beat. We love love loved the hotel and have already started recommending it to all our friends.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great place to stay in downtown San Francisco	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Stratford for three nights in March and were very pleased. It is the perfect location since it's very close to MUNI, BART, and cable car stops. There's no denying that the rooms are small, but that's what you're going to get in a smaller, lower-priced hotel in any city. The room was fine for us, though, and the bed was comfortable. The staff was always friendly and helpful, and we had no problem storing our luggage prior to check-in. The continental breakfast was fine, too, but don't expect an extravagant meal. We would absolutely stay here again. If I had one complaint, it would be that the single elevator in the building is extremely slow. If you're in a hurry, be ready to take the stairs.	
Mar 20 2008 	Stratford Hotel SF CA	Stayed here 2 nights with my wife last week with the intention to go out in SF. Read the reviews prior and thus expected a small room. Room was clean. Bathroom almost a big as the room. Bed was comfortable. Location was PRIME! Transportation right outside your door. Plus, if you fly into SF or Oakland airport, you can take the BART to the Powell St station, which is only 2 blocks away for only about $7 round trip and save the money on valeting your car. Staff was very courteous. If you are in town just to shop and party, this is the place for you. If you have kids, you may want to reconsider. Breakfast is a little lacking if you are a morning food person. But, there's a Walgreens a block away and you can buy food there to supplement the bread, muffins, granola, and yogurt. Overall, great price for a great location. A bit small, but not a problem if all you need is a place to crash and shower in the heart of SF.	
Mar 14 2008 	Excellent location...Excellent value!!! I'll be back!!!	My Wife and I spent a week at the Stratford over Thanksgiving in 2007. What wonderful memories!The staff was GREAT!!! Bent over backwards for us. Late arrival. No problemo! Extra pillow. Got it! Upgraded room, with out asking.....Got it! TY staff!Yes, the rooms are very, very TINY. But it was built and has been a Hotel since 1908. Very eclectic! Part of the entire experience of staying in the heart of SF. The best of locations. Just a short walk or cable ride to all the best places.We loved our stay at the Stratford. So much that we are spending another week there this April. And planning to stay again over 2008's Thanksgiving week. At $87.00 dollars a night, what a value. Can't be beat! Small rooms, yes. Clean and comfortable, YES! Great staff, DOUBLE DITTO'S! Best location, CAN WE SAY YES!!! How much time do you plan on spending in your room while at a place like SF anyway? The Stratford is more than clean and comfortable. The best DT location. Half of what most Hotels charge that are not in such a great location. Just go there and ENJOY!!!	
Feb 25 2008 	Very Pleasantly Surprised with Feb 22-24 2008 Stay	I needed a moderately priced hotel to stay at while traveling on business and decided to try this one. After reading the reviews (yes, the room was really that small), I was prepared for an average stay. Instead, I was VERY pleasantly surprised. The front desk staff was gracious when I arrived late and was able to accomodate my request for a roll-a-way bed without a problem - and they didn't charge me for it. And while the room had no real view to speak of, it was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The room was neither too hot (there is a radiator wtih an automatic turn-on valve) or too cold (ceiling fan), and while the cable cars make noise, the noise is not that bad (unless you are staying on the streetfront part of the hotel). The continental breakfast was good for those who are not big breakfast eaters, and there is a Starbuck's across the street from the hotel if you need Starbucks. The hotel is within easy walking distance to Union Square as well as Market Street and the transportation kiosk where you can purchase a 3-day cable car/street car/muni bus pass for $18 - this is a great value as you can take the cable and street cars just about anywhere you want to go. There are a number of very interesting restaurants, shops and jazz clubs in the area, again all within a pleasant walking distance. All in all, my colleague and I were very pleased and enjoyed our stay. I will most definately return again with my husband and child for a weekend stay! And I will make sure to return for the Chinese New Year's parade, as the hotel is 50 paces away from where the parade passes by.	
Feb 14 2008 	Perfect Location	Perfect Location! Right on Union Square and a cable stop right outside the hotel. If you stay here you'll be right near where you want to be..From here it is very easy to navigate the city. Everything you want to see will be right outside your hotel door.If I return to this city I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again	
Feb 1 2008 	Perfect Location!!	Read other reviews and wasn't sure as people were concerned about the room being too small. Our room was fine we managed to fit our suitcases in no problems. Breakfast was adequate and while the staff didn't go out of their way to do things for you they were friendly and helpful when asked questions. Perfect location as cable car stops right outside and you are just round the corner from union square. Would definitely stay here again it is everything you could possibly want for a very reasonable price.	
Jan 26 2008 	Good location that's all..	We arrived late in the evening from Los Angeles by long driving. We booked a standard room and a deluxe room. My aunt and her husband was not able to sleep well because it was warm &amp; stuffy in their room, being in the back and the window opens to a wall. The room is small. Our deluxe room has 2 doubles with the window facing the street. We had a good night's sleep as we were so tired from the 8 hour trip. The deluxe room on the 3rd floor, I think we were in room 303, was ok for us except that there is not much space in the bathroom for toiletries. I even gave housekeeping tip but I find it strange she did not replenished soap &amp; shampoo supply. Weird. I saw their family room on the same floor because we were supposed to transfer but it was available for just 1 night. It looks homey. A family of 4 up to 6 will be comfortable here.  The receptionist when we checked in was nice &amp; friendly. The other one the next day is not so nice &amp; accommodating.  We booked this hotel because my parents' choices, Chancellor &amp; Handlery were fully booked as early as 1st week of September. We found out that there is a scheduled Pediatrics' Convention that week. No wonder the prices were a bit high. I enjoyed all my breakfasts here. 2 kinds of coffee, 2 kinds of milk, cereal, 2 kinds of bread, 2 kinds of muffins, jams, butter. This is a charming breakfast room that overlooks Powell Street. Though my mom prefers a heavier breakfast that she goes to Chancellor for her eggs benedict. Location is superb, no question. We had lunch at a thai eatery a few doors down the street. It was full during lunch. Next door is Lush, which you can still smell on the stairways of the hotel. A few steps is Union Square. Very ideal location of the hotel. I find it enjoyable in the evenings to sit on the bed with my laptop and hearing the cable car pass by. Their hotel website which boasts of &quot;San Francisco vibe&quot; is true. However, my mom is a light sleeper but I slept well even with the San Fran street noise. In fairness, the hotel provides ear plugs. Like in all parts of San Fran, parking is expensive at $45. There is no free internet here. The flaw that we experienced here is that the phone in our room is not working. That is why a relative who was trying to call us did not get through. We had to use our Philippine cell phone to communicate with her. And this was expensive! I informed the front desk of this but they did not do anything about it and worse, when we said it to the manager when we were checking out, he just shrugged. Would I stay here again? Maybe, if I happen to be in San Fran and all my preferred hotels are fully booked and this is the last choice. Otherwise, I recommend the other C-Two property, Hotel Fusion. Stratford and Hotel Fusion are both C-Two property but they are a world apart in comparison.	
Dec 30 2007 	Just location	Location is terrific. Staff is on the edge of rudeness, room is tiny (without space even for the suitcases) and the walls are thin (we could listen the couple at the next door). Parking is not at the hotel (costs US$ 31/day). Complimentary breakfast could be better and the people at the restaurant could wait we finish before taking out the food. When we arrived elevator was broken and during our stay we could guess that it wasn't just a coincidence.	
Dec 27 2007 	Great location	Great location, right in the centre of the city with the main tram line right outside.Clean and recently decorated, it is basic and the rooms are small, but the staff were really friendly and helpful, and for the price and location you'd be hard pushed to find a better budget hotel. We passed some of the others and they looked nowhere near as good.The breakfast was toast, muffins, juice, coffee etc so again basic but all freshly cooked and complimentary.If you want something luxurious you'll need to spend more, but if you want a clean and friendly base in the centre of the action The Stratford it spot on.	
Dec 18 2007 	Fair Value	The Stratford is a 2 star hotel of fair value. The price we paid through Expedia was approximately $100.00 per night.LOCATION: Absolutely SUPERB!! 1/2 block from Union Square, 1 Block from Market Steet, the cable car runs right in front of the hotel, major department stores within 1 block, Walgreen's 1/2 block, very short walk to Chinatown and the financial district. For the walkaholics, Fisherman's wharf would be an easy stroll.LOBBY: somewhat dark and drab. They need to have stronger lights and brighter paint and carpet color. The lobby is small, but there is an attached room which has a TV and 2 computers with (very expensive) access to the internet.INTERNET ACCESS: $10/hour through the hotel, or $30/month through a wireless service. However, if you walk up to UNION SQUARE with your laptop, there is free wireless. I was there as early as 7:30 AM (brrrrrrr) and as late as 10:00PM. Relatively safe, they have security 24/7, but it's good to be alert and cautious. Connection was excellent.LOBBY STAFF: Very Friendly and helpful. Absolutely no complaints.ROOM: our room was small, but quiet. We were in the back of the hotel, so did not get any noise from the street. It was also clean, but the carpet showed its age. The bathroom was also small. Closet space was limited but adequate. The room would not be particularly comfortable for oversized people. The cleaning staff was efficient and friendly. BREAKFAST: Continental breakfast is served from 7:30 - 9:30. Simple, but adequate. Muffins, toast, bagels, cereal, oatmeal, juice, yogurt, milk, coffee. No fresh fruit.TRANSPORTATION: Cable car is efficient and fun. The bus routes are excellent and timely. We took the bus from market street to the de young museum and it worked out quite well. There is of course walking, which we did to the Asian Art Museum. BART is cheap and efficient - if you don't have a big load. We paid $5.15 one way from SFO to the Powell street exit. Finally, there seemed to be adequate taxi service. SUMMARY: If you're looking for a less expensive hotel, the stratford is worth considering.	
Dec 9 2007 	Fab Location	It's not the nicest hotel but it's clean and comfortable. The rooms are a bit on the small side and the buffet breakfast was a bit of a let down. This is a reasonably priced hotel in the city and I beleive you get what you pay for, which is somewhere to leave your luggage and sleep - it's San Francisco, you're not supposed to be in your room!! And when you step out the hotel you are in the heart of the city, two steps from Union Square. The cable car runs outside the hotel and at the bottom of the street you can get the bus. The muni card was a bargain and we saw the whole city using it. The Stratford isn't the Ritz but I wasn't there for the hotel. Would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 19 2007 	If only the room wasn't so cold...	The location is very good, if a little claustrophobic, being right on Powell Street at Union Square.The Queen-bed room I stayed in was pretty small but I can cope with that.My main gripe was that there is no individually controlled heating or aircon in the room. While the heating is on, the room is fine, but *they switch the heating off* at about 8.30pm every evening! So it got very cold after that. I don't know when the heating comes on again but it certainly wasn't before 9.30am when I left the hotel each morning.Breakfast is included in the price and was OK: muffins, pastries, toast, cereal and the like; but not much choice and it was exactly the same every day, so you may get bored of it quite quickly.	
Nov 10 2007 	Perfect Location 	Had no problems with the Stratford. Fabulous location, right in the heart of Union Square, 2 minute walk to Macy's and all the great shops. Cable car stop right outside the hotel entrance. Perfect place to stay if no transport as Fishermans Wharf accessible by cable and walk to Union Square.Stayed from 17/10-19/10 so for a short stay was great, breakfast was excellent, cereal, toast, fresh muffins, juice and tea &amp; coffee.Rooms are very small but fine for just sleeping and getting ready, shower good pressure and everything clean and room serviced perfectly every morning.Lift is very slow but as we were on level 3 it was no problem to take the stairs rather than wait.All in all would definately reccomend this hotel to anyone travelling to San Francisco, for the price the location is unbeatable and it is clean, safe and all you need. If we return to San Fran would definately be booking the Stratford	
Nov 9 2007 	Location Location Location	My wife and I decided 11 years ago that we would celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary in 2007 with a month touring the west coast of America. I'm always up for a months holiday but I'll be the first to admit my number 1 priority is value for money and thanks to the internet and TA, this is just what I found with this hotel. (I had 11 years to research it and stayed here!!)The location is perfect, right in the heart of the city and within walking distance of most major places of interest. (Get a travel pass and everything is in reach via cable car/bus/muni).Staff were extremely helpful and always had suggestions if we were looking for something to do or a route to a certain location.The rooms were clean and functional and to us Brits, they were certainly of an adequate size.Breakfast consisted of toast, muffins, dried fruit and natural yoghurt with tea coffee and juice, not too heavy and sets you up nicely for a day sightseeing.The lift is slow but we felt it added to the character of the hotel and caused us no problems.I would advise anybody visiting SF to seriously consider this as a base for their trip. We stayed 24-28 Sept and paid $89 per night which I thought was good for a city centre hotel with breakfast.	
Nov 8 2007	Perfect Vacation	My Wife and I spent 7 nights at the Stratford Hotel in August of 2007. This was our first visit to SF and we stayed here by recommendation from a relative that had stayed there before. It was the most perfect location right in Union Square, famous cable cars running right in front of our hotel with easy on and off access without the long lines. The staff at the Hotel was so very friendly, nice and helpful. The breakfast was awesome. I highly recommend the Hotel to anyone wanting a very clean, affordable, and perfect location. Thanks to all the staff at the Stratford for making our vacation in SF so special. Randy NC	
Oct 27 2007 	Incompetent mgmt great location	Two main problems: No heat and fire safety.The management never got our room's heat working over 3 days... which was very important when it was raining and cool. They promised 3 times it would be fixed and told us 2 more times that it was working (it was not). Maybe they decided to punish us for getting a deal through Hotwire by giving us the broken room.The heat led to the second problem of fire safety. Once they finally got the heat working for most rooms (not including ours), it caused the fire alarm to go off and they couldn't make it stop. Their solution? They just turned off the sound. So, the entire building spent that night without a functional fire alarm.On the bright side, the management was friendly (though incompetent) and they have nice breakfast service in their tea room. Also, they have an AWESOME location-- just off Union Square with public transit to Fisherman's Wharf and many other tourist locations, plus the trolley terminus a block away.Other minor cautions: It's an old hotel with small rooms and our bathroom's fan didn't work. Also, the hotel lacks a dedicated parking lot (most do in this area) and so you will pay around $30/day in a public lot.	
Oct 4 2007	A fair enough place for the price	It's been said before here, but I'll say it again...if you're after luxury, go elsewhere. It's a basic place, clean, with an OK breakfast...most important, the central location. It's right where you want to be for everything.We booked through expedia so paid through them, however upon returning home I found that my card had been charged again. I thought this may be a problem, however I got all my money back.It's not going to be the Waldorf, but you want to be out experiencing the city, not lounging around in the hotel.I give it 4 stars because of the price and location, and the fact that it was clean and in a safe area.	
Sep 25 2007	Don't bother to go here	The last days of our road trip through California we stayed in this hotel. I can't recommend it. The rooms are tiny, noisy and I believe the price isn't that marvellous as well (you can find better deals!) If you stay in SF I highly recommend The Monticello Hotel (only one black more to Powell Station). I stayed there the first nights which was simply marvellous. Fine, large rooms, breakfast and complimentary wine in the afternoon and free internet! Clean &amp; crisp. So do'n bother with the Stratford and find an other deal!	
Sep 24 2007 	Horrible rude and cramped	The Straford Hotel was miserable. Once you put your suitcases down, there is no room to walk. Our shower door didn't close and our window didn't close either. There was no screen and our view was of a brick wall. The bed felt flimsy and the sheets were scratchy. Don't count on getting much sleep, it was loud in the hotel regardless of our window being open. If you are still in college and ready to party all night, this might be the place for you. The location was good but I would pay more money next time to keep some sanity while on a vacation.	
Sep 12 2007 	Fantastic Location not so fantastic hotel	Well as you can read in every other review, the rooms here are TINY! As you open your door you almost hit the end of the bed, but at the same time, it had everything we needed... although the only place to sit is on your bed. One thing I found a real problem was the fact that there is one small window and if you leave it open at night it is noisy. We had to sleep with the window closed which made the room really hot to sleep in as there is no air-conditioning or fan. The front desk gave us the wrong room type but we had no troubles getting a different room when we went and told them.The hotel is in a fantastic location, souvenirs, groceries, clothes... everything you could need is all located within a 5 minute walk of the hotel including the big Westfield shopping centre.My friend and I only stayed at the hotel for 2 nights so it was tolerable, but I'm glad we weren't staying there for too much longer as the room really was small and there was no ventilation. I think part of the reason I was so unimpressed was simply because I had stayed in fabulous hotels in LA and Vegas for the 2 weeks before our stay at the Stratford and we had become used to the standard.For anyone who is on a budget or staying for a short time I would say try the Stratford simply for its amazing location, but if you are in town for longer, maybe fork out bit more money and find somewhere with more comfort (ie. air-con)	
Aug 24 2007 	Pefect for travelers on a BUDGET who don't want a DIVE hotel!	My husband and I were first time visitors to San Francisco. We wanted to see the sites and enjoy the city -- not spend time in our hotel room. The Stratford was absolutely perfect for this. Best hotel location in the city -- close to Union Square, but it's easy to get to other areas by hopping on the cable cars. The rooms are small and the beds aren't pillow-top (by any means!), but the place is clean, quaint, and the staff is very friendly. You will feel safe here and you will be glad that you saved some money on the hotel so you can spend it on other things.We would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 16 2007 	Wonderful experience at the Stratford	My husband and I stayed here for five days and found it to be a wonderful experience. As noted by the reviews the room was indeed small but adequate for our needs as we were only in the room to sleep. We had no problem with street noise and slept with the window open. The staff was very helpful with any questions we had and very knowledgeable about the area. We loved the convenience of the hotel and would hightly recommend it to anyone. Also, we loved the breakfast in the AM. We thought it was quite adequate for our needs. We would definitely stay here again on our next trip to San Francisco.	
Aug 7 2007	Great Value Great Location..Noisy	We had six people and this is one of few hotels that could hold six people without booking two rooms. It is right on the cablecar line which was fun for the kids (ages 15 - 21). No air conditioning and it did get a little hot. The hotel was noisy with some guest fighting in the middle of the night (two nights in a row) the outside is noisy and since the windows needed to be open,this was an issue with the kids in the front...it was a clean hotel, nice staff, convenient to everything..location location...it was fun to be where were for the price!! I would book that again if I needed that much space.Debbie from Cincinnati Ohio	
Jul 20 2007	Would definitely stay here again	The Sratford Hotel is in the heart of San Fransico, minutes from transport to places such as Fishermans Wharf, Pier 39 and a train to the airport. The rooms are small but very clean and pleasant to stay in. We were on the 4th floor which meant noise of traffic was minimal. Very pleased with the breakfast selection. The lift was slow but there are stairs if you are in a hurray. Staff were helpful and friendly. I loved being able to step out of the hotel and be right in the centre of town - shops, Union Square, cable car etc. I would definitely stay here again but possibly avoid a weekend as prices rise considerably.	
Jul 14 2007 	Very Happy Customer	My wife and I arrived on the 4th of July in the afternoon and were greeted very warmly by the staff. As soon as we got to our room (we were very happy to have a view of the street) we took off to explore. We found that our hotel is located just half a block from Union Square and just 2 blocks from where the cable car turns around. So not only is The Stratford located very close to so many of the things we wanted to see but it is a wonderful hotel. The free morning breakfast is just the healthy food we needed to start our day. The room has a very nice bathroom and is very clean and well laid out. We were unable to do and see all the things we wanted to so when we come back to San Francisco we will without a doubt be staying at The Stratford and I will also be recommending this hotel to anybody I know making the same trip.	
Jul 2 2007 	Perfectly suitable for short break	Having read some of the previous reviews of the Stratford I wasn't sure what to expect when we arrived.However, we were pleasantly suprised by what we found. On check in we met the friendliest security guy ever and had a chat with him before we went to our room.The rooms are not massive, but perfectly adequate for 2 people plus luggage. decor was fine, very clean, nice bathroom, good TV.Throughout a 2 week trip we made to the US, very few hotels we stayed in included breakfast so that's an added bonus at the Stratford. They have cereals, bread, muffins, tea, coffee and orange juice.Location is unbeatable-the hotel is steps away from Union Square, right on the tram line to get to Fishermans Wharf and has some good restaurants and bars in the surrounding streets so everything you need is in good walking distance.I would definately stay here again and would recommend to others.	
Jun 29 2007	Loved It!	06/29/07 - I stayed at this hotel back in Feb. '05. It was the first time that I went to San Fran. The reason I booked at this hotel, was because of the price and location. I made a good choice. The rooms are little on the smaller side, but you are not going to San Fran to stay in your room. The rooms were very nice. A lot of shopping, restaurant, bars and a mall nearby. The staff was very kind and friendly and this is the reason I'm booking at this hotel when I go to San Fran in september. Thank You Stratford Hotel.	
Jun 22 2007 	GREAT...	Great place... read review just prior to this one and he says it all very well.... was there in April 2007 ... 2nd time in SF/Union square in past year.....TIP: This hotel is affordable enough to just book it outright.... NOT worth playing games on HOTWIRE to get a &quot;Union Square&quot; hotel for $30 less b/c it can very shady very quickly .... The Powell is another nice affordable choice w/slightly bigger rooms... but overall the location, nice breakfast and value of the STRATFORD i will def go back there next time in SF....	
Jun 15 2007 	Everything you need	My girlfriend and I stayed at The Stratford for one night in May, a Thursday. Arriving into the Oakland airport late (11:30), we had no trouble finding the hotel and checking in. The staff was very helpful in directing us on where to 1) park, 2) get a late nite dinner, and 3) find a cool bar to have a nitecap. Parking was conveniently located a block away (Ofarrell &amp; Mason) in a public garage &amp; was predictably expensive ($26 for 18 hr). Once the car was parked we went to Cafe Mason, right near the parking garage. This was an excellent choice for a respectable &amp; delicious late nite meal. Afterwards, on the way back to the hotel we stopped in Johnny Foley's Irish House just around the corner for a few drinks and to take in some San Fran nite life. Highlight of the night: the transvestite lounge singer who takes requests at the pub.The room was admittedly small, but was clean &amp; had nice design to it. You could defineatly feel the &quot;vibe&quot;. Why do you need a big room, if your just going to sleep in it? The bathroom was clean and decorated sparingly with style. The elevator was slow at times, but it wasn't too much of a hassle to use the stairs as we were on the fourth floor. Breakfast was nice and light, granola, yogurt, muffins, tea, coffee, &amp; juice. The breakfast room overlooks Powell St. and the hustle &amp; bustle of the city. Hearing the cablecar go by every few minutes really made us anxious to get out and explore the city. Of note; as we were staying in the standard room, wi-fi was not included and was only available for a fee. Fortunately, there was a free hotspot at union square that could be accessed from the hotel (yes, that is how close it is to Union Square).The best thing about this place is the central location to EVERYTHING. BART, Muni Metro, the F Market Streetcar, cable cars, &amp; buses run constantly within a short distance of the Stratford. Before checking out that morning we walked around the neighborhood. Two blocks down Powell is Market St., where the cable cars turn around and a convenient place to buy your Muni pass. Low and behold, what store was right next door? A three story &quot;Forever 21&quot;, alas my girlfriend was in heaven........also nearby is a giant Macy's fronting Union square and numerous art galleries. While there are quite a bit of panhandlers around, they are not aggressive and shouldn't be feared. They can even be of help to lost or confused tourists.All in all, The Stratford was done right. Cheap rates ($90 in high season), nice accommodations, polite &amp; helpful staff, in an awesome neighborhood in the middle of everything. What more could you ask for? I will definitely stay at the Stratford next time I'm in San Fran.	
Jun 12 2007	Great Location - Room adequate	I booked one night on Orbitz &amp; called to add another night. We paid $147 per night. The location is great - right in the middle of everything. The room iwas very, very small. We booked a &quot;King&quot; size room thru Orbitz. When we got to our room, it was a queen. When we went to the front desk, they said they didn't have king rooms. We paid $10 more for the king. We told the front desk but didn't even acknowledge it. I have since gone on the Orbitz site and they have removed the &quot;king&quot; room. The bed took up the whole room. The bathroom was very small but extremely clean. Our room was right next to the stairway and it just happened that there was some kind of run/walk going on the next day. The walls are paper thin and the runners were on the stairs at 5:00am. Our room looked out at a brick wall. No air but didn't need it. We learned real quick that San Francisco is not very warm, my husband ended up buying a winter jacket! There was a couple checking out the day after we checked in. They did not have a working toilet for the 2 days that they were there. There were no other rooms available and the hotel offered them $20 off a night. The couple said it was not acceptable but the girl at the desk did not back down. They left with an open credit card bill until the manager could get back to them. Would we stay again? Probably not - there are other hotels nearby.	
May 31 2007 	About as central as you can get	The Stratford is a good but unprepossessing budget hotel right on Powell Street less than a block from Union Square. The basic rooms are small but clean and well furnished. I've stayed there twice, first in 311 a small room at the back of the hotel. It was small but very quiet and perfectly adequate. This time we had room 601, one of their deluxe Centennial Club Rooms. This was a much larger, better furnished room overlooking Powell... it was noisy at night, and again in the morning when recycled garbage was collected around 4am and then a little later when the cable cars started. We had no problem sleeping and the noise of the city gave it an atmosphere, but if you are a light sleeper don't get one in the front. The modest breakfast is included in the price and is fine, though it would be nice to have had fruit on offer. Free local newspapers also available at breakfast. The staff are really helpful and friendly. I'd stay there again.	
May 20 2007 	Stratford lived up to expectations	Read some of the other reviews - yes the room is smallish, yes the tv is up high and yes the elevator is very slow BUT considering the location, the price, and that I wanted to be outside the hotel playing tourist, these things were not an inconvenience at all. The room and bathroom were clean, the furnishing were clean, the bed was comfortable - it was a great stay and I would stay there again.Best of all the staff that I talked with were helpful and wanted to be helpful, gee it makes a difference. Thanks.Another reviewer mentioned to request a room away from the elevator - great bit of advice that.	
May 4 2007 	A Pleasant Experience!!!- April 22	From the moment my husband and I arrived at this hotel, the staff was superb and super helpful in recommending places to eat, parking our car, checking us in early. We stayed here one night (April-21) but we were going to spend the second day in San Francisco as well. So the hotel was kind enough to hold our luggage for the whole day (2nd day) while we went sightseeing. The young man at the reception desk was one of the most helpful people we found in San Fran. He recommended us great places to eat. For example, he recommended a Thai restaurant where we had lunch and it is located around the corner from the hotel on Ellis Street. It was very delicious and very affordable prices for San Francisco. The hotel location is just wonderful- it couldn’t be better. We loved having everything close by. All the nice shops were nice to have close by and even if you don’t like to shop, you are super close to Chinatown, also to get to the Wharf, you only walk a couple of blocks to bus station and get on BUS 30 to go to the Wharf in a few minutes. We love the location of this hotel and we would definitely stay here again. We found a great price in their webpage so I booked directly with them rather than via internet. We compared prices and booking directly with the hotel was cheaper than Orbitz, hotels.com, expedia, etc, etc. Our price was a packaged that included room for 1 night, continental breakfast, valet parking and Cable car tixs. The Valet parking service was wonderful; the breakfast was ok (typical of a continental breakfast) pastries, juice, nuts. The Cable car tix was a $5 value (per person) and it was a nice way to ride around the city once since it was cold. After seeing how much parking cost around San Fran, this was definitely a great perk to have our car valet parked at the same location where we were staying. About the rooms, we stayed in Room #817, our room view was to Ellis Street- no so great but we were not there to complaint about the view if everything else in the hotel was great. The room &amp; bathroom were very small (see pictures of room &amp; bathroom) but CLEAN (most importantly to us) and comfortable enough to sleep at night. My only discontent was the heater. San Francisco was cold in April and the hotel room had an ancient heater that it was hard to work out, even after calling the receptionist they explained to us how to turn it out but it seemed that it turned off by itself in the middle of the night so we woke up a bit cold. Like I said, it was not a big deal- it was definitely manageable. My husband and I really enjoyed our 1 night stayed in this hotel and we would definitely stay here again when we come back to San Francisco as it is a very pretty city.	
May 3 2007 	Excellent hotel and breakfast	We stay in this hotel for 4 nights. It was perfect for what we need because in San Francisco you don’t need car and the Hotel has 2 lines of cable car and at night all around close late. The room was small but comfortable, and it was at the back, so we didn’t heart the sound from the street. I recommend this hotel to every one.	
Apr 25 2007 	Great room great rate friendly staff!	I loved staying at the Stratford. We had a nice little room, one of their standard queen bed rooms, towards the back of the property. We didn't have much of a view, but that didn't really matter to us. The room was small, I won't lie on that point, but we didn't go to San Francisco to spend the whole time in our room. The room was clean and the furnishings were nice. It looked like it had been recently remodeled, the paint was nice and clean looking. Our bed was very comfy and my husband and I slept like a dream, even though neither of us sleep well in hotel rooms. I love how close this place is to all the fun things to do on Market Street. We were right across the street from all sorts of restraunts on Powell and were just a short walk from the Westfield mall and all the shops around there. It was also very easy to get around to the other places in the city as well. We were close enough to walk all the way to Chinatown and back. The Stratford is right on the cable car line, and you can catch it right outside the hotel's door. It's also very close to the underground train and the bus line. It wasn't noisy at all, like other guests have mentioned, but, we were at the back of the property. We left both windows open all night both nights and didn't have a problem at all, and I'm an incredibly light sleeper. The elevator did seem to move a little slow sometimes, but it's an old building so I didn't expect it to go rocket fast! Plus, I wasn't really in any sort of a hurry. The staff was incredibly helpful when we asked about buying MUNI passes and places to eat and thrift shops to go to in the area! It was nice to have someone to valet park our car too, then we didn't have to worry about it for two days!	
Apr 18 2007	charming	I took my mom to SF and stayed 3 nights at the Stratford and found it perfectly acceptable. We didn't notice any smell in the lobby like others mentioned. The room was small but not to the extent that the door opens into the bed. We found it charming and decently clean. We requested a room facing the street because it would be boring to stay at the back. It was noisy the first night but we quickly got used to the city buzz and slept like babies for the following nights. We didn't find the elevator *that* slow but then we don't understand what was the hurry. Location-wise, it is definitely convenient. Cable car is only steps from the front door and a short walk from the Powell station.Breakfast consists of sliced bread, muffins, granola, yogurt, jam, juice, coffee and hot water. Far from ideal for a vegan like me. But it's a minor irritant. My mom who is a vegetarian, enjoyed the muffins and granola with yogurt.The interesting part was -- someone set off the fire alarm early in the morning one day (before day break) and the fire alarm sent us running up and down the stairs some 3 times before the issue was resolved. We were up anyway and found the unintended morning exercise amusing. But some elderly in wheelchair was stressed, trapped on the 6th floor without a working elevator. Not at all the hotel's fault. Just such things happen.	
Apr 10 2007	Crammed quarters...	I stayed there recently for 3 nights with my GF... The 3 nights i was awaken by Loud noisy drunk people... at 2 AM..it takes a while before you can go back to sleep and enjoy an evening of rest. The place is clean, Small a queen bed and a chair next to it..that's the width of the room... but good price t save money on a safe hotel.. they give you a good continental breakfast... Good coffee and it is in a great location..near the BART train and the trolley is in fron of the hotel.. 5 bucks each ride, but most of the times you don't have to pay the fare. Overall clean, safe, good breakfast, cheap, but noisy at night..... ENJOY...	
Mar 24 2007 	Good Deal	My husband and I stayed for 3 nights in February. We had reserved a Standard Room, but had to upgrade to a Club Room. The Standard was dark, cramped, smelled stale and had very worn/unattractive bedding. NOTHING like the cheerful picture the hotel features online. The Club Room was nicely furnished, modern and had a large bathroom. It looked exactly like the photo on their website. My only complaint was the tolitries were never replenished. The complimentary breakfast was basic, but plentiful - yogurt, granola, pastry, juice, coffee. Overall, it was a fantastic deal for the location. We would definitely stay here again, unbeatable value and perfect location.	
Mar 16 2007 	Great little hotel superb location friendly staff good room	This hotel is in the most amazing location in San Francisco, a few yards from Union Square. If you don't know San Francisco, Union Square is at its heart, more so than Fisherman's Wharf, the Financial District or the Chinatown/North Beach area. Union Square is a newly remodeled square with the biggest department stores, some of the best hotels and many restaurants, bars and fast food joints around it. It really is a very bustling area, even into the night. About a two minute walk to the south of the hotel is another fantastic draw - the San Francisco Shopping Center on Market Street, which is a newly opened mall with a multiplex Cinema. Chinatown is about a ten-minute walk away to the north. Fisherman’s Wharf is about two miles away and is an easy half hour walk through Chinatown. The city’s main Disney, Apple and Virgin stores are all within a minute or two of the hotel.From the hotel you can get to almost anywhere in the city with ease. You have direct access to the cable cars, which run outside the hotel for about 18 hours a day and take you to Nob Hill, Chinatown, North Beach, Fisherman’s Wharf, Aquatic Park and Russian Hill. Also within a couple of minutes walk is the Muni Subway (the city’s tram system that runs underground for part of the city) as well as the BART rapid transport system, which takes you direct to the airport for a $5.15 half hour trip. Of course the area is also served by the regular bus service and the open-top double decker tourist buses have a stop a 30 second walk away outside Macy’s department store.The hotel itself is a bargain for the price; I paid $69 for a fairly good-sized room (nowhere near as cramped as some reviewers state) with a newly refurbished bathroom. I had a built in closet and a writing desk with drawers. The only downside to the room I had at the back of the hotel was no view and I mean no view, unless you count a brick wall about three feet away from the window a view! The brick wall seems to be about 100 feet high and I think it is the back of Macy’s department store. However, generally this isolates you from the noise of Union Square (people sometimes play electric guitars connected to amps in the evening near the hotel!!) and you can get a nice quiet night’s sleep. One thing though, I stayed at the hotel for six nights, and the noise from other guests on the Friday and Saturday was quite loud i.e. some of them were drunk and were occasionally loud about it (slamming doors, loud talking/laughing in the early hours). If you have the window open, the wall outside the window tends bounce the sound into your room from the other guests if they too have their window open. However, from Monday through Thursday it was peace and quiet even with the window open all night. On Friday and Saturday I wore some earplugs though and that did the trick. The noise from other guests wasn’t really a problem and nowhere near as bad as the loud traffic or nocturnal street noise (i.e. shouting and fights) that you would no doubt experience from the street facing rooms. The hotel is in the entertainment district of the city after all and there are lots of bars about.The breakfast served by the hotel was very good bearing in mind the cost of the room, and consisted of three different types of muffins plus toast, yogurt with optional dried fruit, granola (oat crunch for us Europeans), tea, coffee and fruit juices. The breakfast room overlooked Powell Street and was spacious with plenty of tables. Free copies of the San Francisco Chronicle were available in the breakfast room.The hotel will expect pre-payment of at least one night's stay upon arrival. There is an Internet area in the small lounge behind reception; this was about $5.00 for 30 minutes. The service used new equipment on a broadband connection. There is a swipe-card reader for a credit card built into the PC to activate the connection. Some people complain about the smell of cleaning fluid in their room, I think they are mistaken. There is a ‘Lush’ hand made soap store next to the hotel, which makes its products on the premises, the rather nice small from this place seems to permeate some of the hotel. The hotel is happy to store luggage for you, which they did for me when I checked out, as I wanted to spend some time in the city before my flight. Apparently they can offer an airport shuttle but as there is a BART station offering a direct fast service to the International terminal at San Francisco Airport about two minutes walk away I don't think the airport shuttle is necessary.The staff at he hotel were all very friendly, especially the check in staff. For the price, this hotel is an absolute bargain. The rooms are a good size and they look recently refurbished, you have a decent new bathroom (no bath, a nice hot powerful shower though), a good breakfast, friendly staff and a location to die for. This isn't a hotel that you will lounge around in, but when you are visiting a city why would you want to spend any time at the hotel? If you want to lounge about go to any of the swanky lobby bars of the nearby four or five star hotels. I suggest the Polynesian Tonga room at the Fairmont hotel on Nob Hill, it is an absolute hoot, especially when the fake thunderstorm gets going!	
Mar 9 2007 	Great inexpensive hotel in heart of SF	We were very happy with our stay here. The rooms are VERY small, we didn't have a view (except of a brick wall), but we stayed in the center of SF for less than $70 a night, and that's hard to beat. This hotel is more in the European style - the room is not where you will be spending most of your time, so why bother making it huge?Everything was clean enough that we were comfortable. The free breakfast was good enough to get your day started, and the staff was helpful all the time, and friendly most of the time. We have already recommended this hotel to several of our friends and acquaintances and will return when we next go to SF.	
Dec 29 2006 	Can't wait to return!!	My fiance and I wanted to attend the Emerald Bowl, but did not want to spend a lot of money on our hotel stay. So, we chose to stay at the Stratford Hotel from Dec. 26-28. What a great choice and value!! We loved the Stratford and will stay there again!When we arrived at the Stratford, we unloaded and parked the car and did not get back into the car until we checked out of the hotel! Everything we needed was at or around the hotel! We walked everywhere! We walked to AT&amp;T Park, Fisherman's Wharf, to the shops, bars, and restaurants. The room was very small, but nice. We loved the comfortable bed, earth tone decor, yellow walls, and roomy bathroom. The view from our room was fantastic! We saw the cable car, shops, and food venues. I was a little concerned about the noise from the street below, but the windows kept all the sound out. The second night we actually slept with one window open!The only downside is the slow elevator, but please remember this building is very old. If you're looking for a hotel in a great San Francisco location, great value, and comfortable stay, please choose the Stratford. =)	
Dec 15 2006 	Great position for price	The hotel is in the thick of the action on union street it is in a great position with the cable car stop right outside and with eating places all around the area and also across the street .The staff were excellent and helpful,and the hotel was very clean with no bugs or dirt to be seen (we had no problems with the plumming as others have had in the past).the complimentary breakfast is a good start in the morning with toast muffins and juice included.The only down side we found is the size of the room it was very small and the view from the back rooms are of other windows and a brick wall so we had to keep the curtains closed the full time we were in the room (and that was only to sleep).The stratford is well worth the price we paid $83 a night so if you want a clean well positioned hotel this is worth looking at and i would stay there again in the future	
Nov 22 2006 	Perfect location	After initial fears that I had chosen the wrong hotel, we were delighted to find that in fact for somewhere to stop over for 3 nights whilst exploring San Francisco it was perfect. Yes the rooms are a little on the small side, but for just somewhere to sleep it was fine. Breakfast had plenty of choice with the usual muffins and toast. I would have no problem staying there the next time I visit.	
Nov 21 2006 	Perfect small hotel	Small but immaculate standard room with a comfortable double bed, cable TV, a large bathroom. A half block from Union Square with the cable car at the entrance and all types of retaurants within walking distance. Ask for an interior room to avoid street noise. Also two blocks from the Metro and the BART stations to both SFO and Oakland airports. Modest prices [for San Francisco] include a good continental breakfast. The desk clerks were very helpful, and responded right away to requests. Many foreign tourists use the hotel.	
Nov 21 2006 	Excellent Hotel !!	Located in Reno, a visit to San Francisco is just a few hours away. As I visit the city frequently, I have my favorite places to stay. Before making the trip I decided to surf the internet and see what hotel options were out there. If you have ever been to San Francisco, you will know that hotels are either affordable (and you wouldn't send your worst enemy their way) or extremely overpriced (and you wouldn't have enough money to enjoy any of the amazing things the city has to offer). Rarely does a hotel come along that has an excellent location, great amenities and affordable ~ until the Stratford. Upon arriving at the hotel I was quite suprised. You could not find a better location in Union Square. I was checked in right away and was quite pleased with the room. Although small (as every hotel room is in San Francisco) it was very clean and modern. There was in-room internet access, an I-Pod docking station and a stand up shower. The room had recently been remodeled and was much nicer than I ever expected. I was in room 701 and had an excellent view of Powell street. As this is one of the most lively areas in San Francisco, the nightlife was bustling right outside the window. It was great to open the windows and listen to the street musicians and the bells of the trolley's passing by. In the morning you can smell the fresh air of the city as the fog is rolling away and hear the laughter and relaxed conversaion of other visitors as they go about their visit to this amazing city. At the Stratford, you are within walking distance to premier shopping, China Town, the Muni (Underground subway system that will take you anywhere you want to go) and a huge variety of restaurants and entertainment. After my visit to the Stratford, this has become my hotel of choice. I will not stay anywhere else in the city ever again. If you are looking for a quiet out of the way restful vacation, this is not your place. If you want to feel the pulse of the city and be amongst it all, try the Stratford. Price, location &amp; personality all make this a perfect hot spot. Previous posts mention the slow elevator. There is only one, and it is quite slow. The wait is not extreme, however, I found myself using the stairs during busy lobby times and was not inconvenienced in any way. To me, the small, slow elevator was just another piece of rustic charm this great boutique hotel has to offer!	
Nov 5 2006 	The worst hotel on our recent trip to the USA	I didn't know what standard of hotel I wasn't willing to accept until we stayed at the Stratford hotel and it was by far and away the worst hotel of all we stayed in on our recent trip to the USA. The only thing this hotel is good for is it's location - right in the heart of Union Square with all of it's shopping, places to eat and public transport. What we didn't like about this hotel - 1. Rude woman when checking in - Made us wait for 10 minutes whilst having a personal conversation on the phone then continued to have a personal conversation whilst checking us in. She did not tell us anything about the hotel at all. 2. The lift - one lift, the slowest, smallest lift in San Francisco (even the old lift in Coit tower was faster). 3. The room - tiny. Opening the door would hit the bed not enough space for two suitcases. The bathroom sink was at the foot of the bed and all windows had a &quot;beautiful&quot; view of our neighbours rooms. There was also a rusty (dangerous) heater that didn't work. 4. Security - we came home one evening, after being out all day to find, to our horror, our room door open. Luckily nothing had been stolen but we reported it to the front desk to instruct them we didn't want housekeeping in our room again. I would definately stay in Union Square again, just not at the Stratford Hotel.	
Oct 19 2006 	Great Value	First let me say, I was traveling on a budget and alone! I found this hotel on hotels.com for approximately $100.00 per night. I checked other reviews here on TripAdvisor and decided to go for it. I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was very accomodating in finding me a room that was in a main hallway so that I would feel comfortable in the fact that I was a female traveling alone. The breakfast that was included was not gourmet, but certainly a luxury that we Americans do not see very often. The room was very clean. Yes, it was small and the comforter wasn't down filled, but you should expect that if you are paying $100.00 a night.The decor' of the lobby and the sitting area was nice. There were three computers and a printer available with a swipe of a card. I found this particularly convenient the day I was leaving. I was able to check-in online for my flight and print my boarding pass. Finally...I was right around the corner from Union Square and plenty of desireable restaurants. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that doesn't feel the need to spend $400.00 per night for a room.	
Sep 29 2006 	Not Impressed	Although the location is great if you want to be by Union Square, and the rates may be competitive, I was not happy with my stay. I stayed 1 night on business (try the Chencellor Hotel for comparable value but much better service). Was supposed to be at the Adante Hotel but they were booked and sent me to their &quot;sister hotel&quot;, the Stratford (thankfully! The Adante is not close at all to Union Square and is in much seedier part of the neighborhood). - I didn't find the staff that helpful or friendly; too busy to acknowledge me at the desk; had to wait to get my suitcase from the luggage storage; got attitude whan I asked them to hunt down the guy with the keys so I could catch my plane.- My TV did not work; the clock radio did not work; the sink (in the bedroom) leaked; no ironing board in the room; didn't allow early check-in or late check-out (I can live with this becasue they were booked up, but fit trend of being inflexible and not too concerned about customer service); elevator does take forever; no free WiFi (Tip: Union Square has free public WiFi); no A/C, which in San Fran is okay, but no ceiiling fan in the room). - On the good side, I thought the Tea Room was okay for continental breakfast, coffee etc.If you're going to stay there it better be for the location and the value.	
Sep 25 2006 	Good Location	Have just spent three nights in this hotel.The staff were very friendly and helpful.After checking in, we waited for what seemed like an eternity for the lift to arrive ( this was to become a regular occourence), On arriving at the eighth floor we found our room and opened the door about two feet before it hit the bed. Whilst the room contained a double bed and a small desk there was barely enough room for one adult plus one suitcase let alone two adults and two suitcases. The bathroom was basic and functional. The veiw was great - if you liked looking at brick walls, if you lent out of the window and twisted your neck you could just about see the street.Breakfast was included, if you could stomach the day old muffins and some sort of musili. There was no coffee making facilities in the room, and facilities were only available at breakfast and between 3 to 5pm.The only good thing about this hotel is its location close to Union square.	
Sep 23 2006 	Great location	We stayed for 4 nights here and were very pleased with our choice. We got the train from the airport - free 'spare the air' day due to the heatwave - and got off at the bottom of Powell Street. Only a short walk up Powell Street to the hotel. Great location just around the corner from Union Square. We were on the 7th floor, so not too much noise from the cable cars below. The room was small but clean and comfortable, with a compact en-suite shower room. To be honest, for all the time we spent in the room, and the very reasonable price, it was just perfect for us. The cold buffet breakfast was fine. Cereal, muffins, toast, coffee etc. We're not big breakfast eaters anyway so it was all we needed. The only problem we had was that the 2 computers providing internet access were down so we couldn't use it. Overall, The Stratford is a little gem in a big city. Highlights of our trip:*The Big Red Shiny Mac Fire Engine Tour. Hilarious!*Blue and Gold Fleet evening tour to Alcatraz. Book well in advance!*Clam Chowder on Fisherman's wharf*3 day cable car pass for $18 - we got our money's worth on the first day! Stop off at the Cable Car museum. Worth a quick look, and free admission.*A stroll around the Japanese Tea Garden in Golden Gate Park. Very peaceful.*Sea Lions at Pier 39	
Sep 19 2006 	Excellent value	We had an a good stay at the Stratford. The staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean &amp; tidy. The breakfast was a good start to the day. The location is a the heart of everything. We would recommend this hotel to any friends or family who may be going to SF.	
Aug 7 2006	Excellent Location and Value	This was the first hotel my friend and I stayed at when we arrived for a two week holiday in San Francisco. You can not beat it's location especially if you are new to the area it is right on Powell street next to shops, transport links, restaurants etc. We had a room at the back of the hotel as well as on the end of a row. After reading past reviews of the hotel we weren't expecting much and we knew we hadn't paid a huge amount; however we were pleasantly surprise the room was plenty big enough and had a decent size bathroom. The sink was in the main room with a nice mirror and space to store your toiletries.  The breakfast was a nice touch and we filled ourselves up on toast, muffins, cereal etc. If you don't fancy this there are plenty of options for other food close by.  As I mentioned the location is excellent right by the shopping centre, Macy's and the lovely Union Square is a few strides away. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful; even making a phone calls to our tour providers to sort out some problems we were having. There is a small lounge on the ground floor at the back as well as two computers where for a small charge you can access the internet. Overall I would recommend this hotel for a first stop off in the city; it is a budget hotel so if your staying for more than a few days you may want some more luxury; but for what you pay you get a good service and stay.Tips: request a room at the back of the hotel. The smell you may experience as you enter the hotel is  only coming from Lush next door. Make the most of the helpful staff and ask any questions  you may have; they are happy to help and make  Recommendations for restaurants etc.	
Jul 10 2006	Hated Stratford	This is one of the hotel says I cannot forget. Its the worst hotel I have to but in fairness it is a budget hotel. The Holiday Inn lodge would be alot better. The rooms are small, and you have a sink right beside your bed! We stayed there during the winter months so it was cold. I woke up at 3 am in the morning and complained that the heater wasnt working. The person I talked to said the heater conked out. They told me we could not do anything about it. The breakfast option is simple...sometimes getting a donut across the street is better. The location is great as it is in Union Square, they have one computer below with free internet. If you have the money dont stay here...if you could stand no heaters/aircon, the noise across the street, the chance of your toilet getting flooded, a very damp room, then this could be the hotel for you.	
Jun 23 2006	Worried for nothing	Some of the reviews posted close to my arrival date had me worried. I was glad I worried for nothing. The hotel has a great location and a very good price. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I arrived at 10:00 a.m. and was able to check in. There was a faint clorine smell in the hall but none in the room. The rooms are smaller than I am used to but was largenough to accomidate 2 people. The only negatives are small and most only apply to short people. The street side is noisy - but a great view. With the windows closed most of the noise was muffled. Two of the days I was there were unusually warm so a ceiling fan or a/c would have been nice. The mirrors on the walls were hung high - I am 5'2&quot;, a shelf near the sink would be nice to put the toiltries out, the shower curtin was hung to high, the bottom barley touched the top of the tub wall so if the curtin did not hang just so water go all over the tiled bathroom floor. A positive is we had a great supply of towles. The breakfast was a nice feature - coffee, muffins, cerial, yougurt and tea. Concierge counter had a great selection of things to do. There is a sitting area in the back. I would stay there again but would definaly want a back room.	
Jun 22 2006	Great budget stay	Excellent place to stay if you want to be at the heart of the tourist area. We stayed for four nights and were really happy with our choice because....- easy access to public transportation- complementary breakfast is a bonus - nothing fancy but good way to fuel up before cycling the Golden Gate!- our room was on the eighth floor - highly recommend requesting this as it was very quiet- plenty of hot water, comfy bed, helpful staff etc etcOverall an excellent place to stay, and in response to other comments, yes the elevator is slow but how much of a hurry do you really have to be in? And re. the strong smell in the hotel - it didn't take much deduction to realize that this is from the 'Lush' shop next door! We would definitely recommend The Stratford as a budget stay. $90/night very well spent.	
May 29 2006	Basic But Ideal	My girlfriend and I just returned home to the UK from a 2 week holiday in Hawaii, with a 6 night stay at the Stratford in San Francisco. We were with 2 other friends and found this hotel to be ideal for our needs (great location, under budget and friendly staff). We expexted the rooms to be basic with little luxuries, we also expected maybe a few problems (as described in previous reviews). Although we did not expect to have to relocate rooms at 6am due to flooding of the bathroom, which was the case!! Our friends in room 608 opposite us woke up in the morning and found their floor soaked in toilet water! The hotel I think has inadequate piping and judging by previous reviews, this might explain smells of damp/mould through the hotel.Saying that the hotel was fine for everything else and friendly and very helpful reception staff was a bonus!P.S. If you get the chance to hire bikes, then we recommend to cycle along to and across the Golden Gate Bridge to the small town of Sausalito. Its a good afternoon out and you can even get ferry back if prefered.....	
May 23 2006	False Advertising	My daughter and I stayed at The Stratford Hotel last week for two nights. While the location is wonderful and the staff polite, there were problems. Our room smelled strongly of chlorine when we arrived, and the carpet was moist and moldy. We had to have the window open all night, but still my daughter had asthma attacks both nights. The lights went out in the bathroom and over the sink (circuit breaker?) twice. The bottled waters for sale for $4. were insulting. We went out the second morning, returning at 10:30 to collect our luggage and check out. Our door wouldn't open. When we asked we were told that our keys must have been de-magnetized. Very annoying to be locked out before check-out.The worst disappointment was breakfast. On the website the picture shows tablecloths, baskets of fruit and assorted rolls, etc.- a very lovely-looking meal. It wasn't like that at all. There were loaves of bread still in the wrapper you could toast yourself, over-sweetened granola, day-old muffins, a juice dispenser and self-serve coffee which was often empty. No fresh fruit. No rolls. No tablecloths. Awful.With better management, this hotel could be a really lovely place to stay in San Francisco. As it is, I doubt we'll return.	
May 8 2006	Okay #2	As many reviewers have noted, the Stratford has a great central location. Access to Union Square and and Muni/BART at the Powell Street Station is wonderful. The hotel is also very reasonably priced. I found the staff to be generally friendly and helpful. They got me into my room well before the 3 PM check-in time and kindly allowed me a late checkout. However, I found the house keeping staff to be rather intrusive. I was not quick enough to acknowledge a house keeper's rap at the door while napping and found myself having a dialog with her from my bed. I would have to echo some complaints about smell. This may be due to the strong bleach solution used to clean the bathroom. It took some time to air out. The Hotel should also try to check out the noise made by the bathroom vent fans. Mine sounded like a WWII vintage airplane engine. The location is noisy, particularly for rooms on the Powell Street side of the building. Bring earplugs if you have them. Even the hotel offers them. I had a room somewhat back from Powell Street and was not bothered by the noise. The room was small, clean, and furnished with a comfortable bed, writing desk, and TV. My room had been redone in a simple, straightforward style somewhat reminiscent of Ikea. I found that I did miss having a sitting area. Though, I don't suppose it's an issue if you're going to be out on the town. The rooms are heated by radiators, consequently guests don't have good temperature control. In trying to air out my room, I found that the room became a bit cool. The Hotel advertises wireless internet access which it doesn't have, and it should stop advertising wireless access until it really gets it. I have been assured that it will be coming. There is a Google wifi network that covers Union Square, and it is possible to get a wireless connection there. The Google signal is available if one moves over to the Powell Street side of the building. internet access via desk top computers is available in the back of the main lobby, though seems a bit expensive at $4 for 20 minutes. i would consider staying at the Stratford again, but think I may be willing to pay a bit more for a quieter location, in room WiFi internet access, and more of a sitting area.	
Apr 20 2006 	Location can't be beat!	Stayed at the Strattford for 5 nights for a convention, and very satisfied for the price we paid ($80). First of all, the location is great - Convention Ctr. is 4 blocks, 2 blocks to cable car station, BART, and Visitor Ctr. Just off Union Square - great shopping, if that's your thing.The cable car allows direct access to Chinatown and Fisherman's Wharf. Tip: to get a multiday pass for the cable car and buses (a big moneysaver), go to the Visitors Ctr., don't wait in the line at the nearby cable car station. We arrived from the airport by BART ($5), no hassle, and an easy walk even with luggage. The hotel itself reminded me of the kind of little place you will find in a European city. Staff was friendly enough. The room was tiny but cozy, clean, shower large with good pressure. The breakfast is VERY basic, but with SF prices, might as well wolf down those muffins to fill up! Coffee and orange juice were both decent. Would definitely stay here again.Some tips: 1. Don't hesitate to use BART to get to this hotel, it's close. 2. Union Square has a booth selling half price theater ticket. We went to 2 shows within easy walking distance, and they were great. 3. Just up the street and around the corner is a place called Lefty O'Doul's that has meals and sandwiches served cafeteria style - good, filling, and very inexpensive. Same place is also a good pub, and has a piano bar every night - it was our hangout!	
Apr 13 2006	Okay	The location is really great and the breakfast is not bad (it also has granola and orange juice). Lots of europeans stay here and it is possible to make friends. The room is small (but not that small for SF patterns). The shower works great. The two problems I found were that the room was very smelly and that the hotel has no common areas at all (there is just one sofa in the back of the elevator in the first floor) to seat outside the room an relax. Since it was rainning a lot I missed that kind of area to spend some time (and did not want to stay much in the room because the smell was bad).	
Apr 6 2006	Excellent Value	My wife and I (we're in late 20's) stayed at the Stratford in March 2006. The room was very, very small. It was a bit of a shock at first, but we quickly got used to it. The furniture was modern and clean. The room was in great shape and looked like it's been recently remodelled. We're used to a queen size bed, so the double bed at Stratford was a little small for us. If you're larger stature and staying for more than a few days, you may want to keep that in mind. But, you can't beat the price and the location. There are plenty of good bars and shops in the area. It's only a few steps from the Union Square, which is a very hip area. You can also hop on the cable car and get to anywhere in the city within a few minutes.	
Apr 2 2006	Small Room but GREAT location!	Me and my hubby were on our honeymoon to the US and SF was our first stop. We stayed at the Stratford from 15 - 17 March 06 and were very satisfied with our experience. The room was the smallest hotel room we've ever stayed in and there was no view to speak of (just the walls of the neighbouring buiilding), but the location can't be beat.We arrived at 9am and paid an additional US$10 for an early check-in. We terribly needed a shower after our 20hr flight, hence US$10 seemed reasonable.The location is so central that you can walk everywhere! Although with the many steep hills in SF, the tram is the better way to travel around. There's a stop right outside the hotel so it's superbly convenient. Breakfast was in a nice cosy room overlooking Powell Street. It's simple fare of toast and muffins with juices and coffee/tea, but that was sufficient for our needs.Overall we would definitely recommend the hotel and even stay here again when we next come back. It's not posh but very value for money and the location is simply PERFECT!	
Mar 30 2006	Ideal location	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Stratford March 7th through 9th and found it perfect for our needs. During working trips I've been placed at the Hyatt, Argonaut and several other 4 and 5 star SF hotels. I've always thought it was a shame someone was paying $300 TO $800 per night for my rooms when I was only there to sleep and shower. This recent trip to SF was for fun and we both agreed we'd rather spend our money on nice restaurants and shopping. We took a chance on the Stratford and found it absolutely ideal location-wise. Approaching the hotel we noticed the outside sign was parially removed and frankly it had a sort of skanky ramshakle look to it. But inside it smelled nice and the furnishings were rather hip. The clerk was courteous and helped us store our luggage since we arrived early (10:00am). Check-in is at 3:00 but he recommended we return about 2:00 pm and we did. At check-in I asked for a room away from the street. The rooms are small but clean and totally adequate. The room away from the street was probably a good idea since the street is very noisy. In the evening there was a full drum set and electric guitar set-up on the corner across the street from the entrance of the hotel but we heard nothing of it in our room. It must have been hell for rooms facing the street.Getting thereWe arrived at SFO and took the BART to Powell station in downtown SF ($5.15) which is only two blocks from the hotel. If you hate traffic and parking hassles the ease of getting to the Stratford from SFO is a huge relief. The one problem however are the lame and confusing BART ticket machines. Tokyo, NY, Rio and other big city metros are so much more visitor friendlyUnion Square is literally seconds from the hotel's front desk. The cable car runs in front of the hotel and Chinatown is a ten to fifteen minute walk away. We never needed a car but did take a taxi once.The free continental breakfast wasn't fancy but if all you need is some coffee or tea and a muffin or toast you'll be fine. If you need more there are dozens of places to get a full breakfast near by.I read from one reviewer that the elevator was very slow. Maybe that reviewer drinks too much coffee. It's slow but nothing to burst a blood vessel over. Just for fun I timed it and on the average it took 3 to 4 seconds per floor. I can deal with that. Of course if you want to take the elevator during peak check-out time or when people will be going out for dinner you may find yourself waiting a bit for the elevator to reach your floor or the lobby. Actually, we took the stairs down to the breakfast room to avoid that busy time.The bottom line is the Stratford is in a perfect location and suits travelers who don't need frills. It's clean and safe and in a way sort of hip. I would definitely stay there again! Maybe we should keep this place a secret!	
Mar 21 2006	San Francisco bargain	My wife and I just returned from a 4-night stay at the Stratford. Our room was small, but clean and the location cannot be beat! We paid only $80 per night, booked on Hotels.I am disappointed, however, to discover from other reviews here that a continental breakfast was included! No one at the hotel told us so we ended up buying an expensive breakfast elsewhere each day.I would stay at the Stratford again.	
Mar 15 2006	Great value	Just arrived back from 2 weeks on West Coast. Spent 4 nights at Stratford Hotel (March 1st-March 5th). The location is fantastic, couldn't be better. We were given a room on the 7th floor, it faced away from the street which i assume is a distinct advantadge as it can get quite noisy with trams etc. Room was small but the bathroom was large but for the money who cares, we went there to visit the city not sit in our room. Everthing seemed very clean as well. Staff were helpful. Breakfast is limited to toast and muffins with plenty of choice with drinks though. Again for the money who can complain, just so long as we had something to keep us going. We walked around a lot, San Francisco has a lot of distinct neighborhoods (and hills!) so be prepared. People were great, very helpful and laid back. If you walk down Geary and Sutter about a mile or so you skirt the Tenderloin area and you can tell its a a bit run down there but don't worry i just wouldnt walk round there at night thats all.	
Jan 19 2006	Great location	For value you can't beat this hotel. It's location is really great - right in the heart of San Francisco, surrounded by all the shops you could ever want and transport to take you to other areas. As a solo traveller the location suited me just fine.The room was small and smelt slightly - i think of damp - but it was clean and well looked after on a daily basis. It was away from Powell Street and was quiet on a night.For its location, i would certainly consider staying at the Stratford again.	
Jan 5 2006	I'd stay there again...	The stratford was ideally located and above-par as far as quality relative to cost. the saxophone player on Powell was definitely audible, though he did not play long into the night. the place wasn't posh or anything but i found it a great value in a great location.	
Nov 23 2005	Great Deal	We stayed at the Stratford 11/11 for one night prior to returning home - we had stayed at the Sir Francis Drake on 11/5-6/05.The Straford was not as fancy but our room was larger than at the Sir Francis Drake and equally clean and quite.11/5 people were coming into SFO for the USC-UC football game and hotel rooms were at a premium - one boisterous young fan was quoted on the one room but his foul language keep him from getting a room - the manager was adamant that he would not put up with that kind of behavior.Room was small versus what we are used to but as we learned all rooms in SFO are small. Room was very clean and bright - no a/c but not needed. Room was perpendicular to Powell and very quite.Serve a continetal breakfast on 2nd floor which looked fine - we ate at Lefty O'Doul's again! Liked Lefty's.Absolutely would stay at the Stratford again - paid about $ 120+ for Sir Francis on line and less than $ 60 on line at the StratfordLocation was great - if we return we will stay on Powell and not off Powell - not sure I would want to be more than 2-3 blocks either side of Powell.	
Nov 10 2005	Stratford Hotel was disappointing	This hotel was disappointing. Even though it is a budget hotel, some customer service would be appreciated as we were paying money for the room! The staff were cold on arrival and first impressions of the room was that it was clean but on closer inspection, the room smelt of damp, the radiator did not work and the phone line also did not work. We were moved to another room whereupon the radiator was leaking and the toilet flush was broken. In addition as our rooms overlooked Powell street, we could hear the noise of the cable cars and also the live bands on the street and from the bar across the road. However, not all the staff were rude and the hotel is in an excellent location - near the shops and transport.	
Nov 10 2005	Great location with easy access to public transportation	Chose this hotel for its location and $75/night average price for our stay. It was a clean, simple hotel in a great downtown San Francisco location 1/2 block from Union Square. Access to the BART, trolley and street cars was easy. Our room was small, quiet, simple, clean. Front desk staff were friendly and helpful. One small elevator for 8 floors, so patience is required there. The complimentary breakfast is barely adequate (toast and packaged muffins), but the breakfast room was nice with big windows on Powell Street. Took advice of another writer and stayed at back side of hotel, away from Powell St. Think a room with windows over Powell St. on upper floors 7 or 8 would be fine. Check out the 1/2 price ticket booth for plays &amp; stage shows in Union Square.	
Nov 1 2005	Not a bad hotel in a great location	I stayed at the Stratford Hotel for 4 nights at the end of October. The staff were helpful and friendly. The room was clean and comfortable with TV, desk and hairdryer. My room was situated on the third floor at the rear and had no problems with noise from the street. Breakfast was continental style with muffins, toast, coffee and fruit juices. The hotel is in a great location. It's a short walk to Union Square and all the major stores like Macy's (just around the corner) and Nordstrom. The cable car turnabout, Visitor Information Centre and Powell Street BART are just a couple of blocks away. Chinatown is about 5 minutes away. Word of warning - DO NOT make any international calls. On my last day I made a call home which didn't last 3 minutes and they charged me $37.00 for the call and for some other calls I didn't make. Eventually had to cough up $33.00 for the 3 minute international call. Daylight robbery! Do yourself a favour and get a phonecard or use a payphone.	
Oct 17 2005	perfect location	If you're looking for luxury, forget it. However, if location, a clean, comfortable bed and plenty toast, muffins and coffee to start the day,and again ideal LOCATION are your priorities this is the hotel for you. We were on the floor above the reception and did not have to use the lift.The cable car passes the door, and stops about 10 steps away.	
Sep 4 2005	Great Hotel/Price/Location	As San Francisco natives, my husband and I just returned from a short visit home where we stayed at the Hotel Stratford. We spent $91.20 (including taxes) for one night and it was fabulous. The rooms are small and furnished in IKEA decor, but it was clean, comfortable and felt very safe. The front desk clerks (both at check in and check out) were courteous and patient with some of the non-American guests we observed. We couldn't have been more pleased, especially after following a fellow TripAdvisor's advice and asking for an inside room away from Powell Street. The trick elevator is slow, but even being on the seventh floor it was not a problem. I highly recommend the Hotel Stratford if you're looking for a downtown San Francisco hotel at a great price.	
Aug 2 2005	Great location. Couldn't beat the value	We just got back from two nights at the Stratford. The location can't be beat! Right near Union Square. Parking was a couple blocks away at an affordable $20 per 24 hours. That included in and out service which is a good deal at a San Francisco hotel.We stayed on the top floor and had no prblem with noise. If our window was open, we could hear the bells of the cable car, but it was more charming than annoying.The rooms are on the small side, and the sink is right across from the bed. But it's not really much of a problem. They were in the process of repainting the lobby, so it looks like they are taking pride in the hotel to keep it looking nice.I would definately recommend staying at this hotel. The front desk staff was nice. The hotel includes a continental breakfast, though we were not up in time to take advantage of that. You really can't be the location. For the price, it's a great deal. I'll be staying there next time for sure.	
Jul 20 2005	Best Value at the Stratford	My wife and I just spent 3 wonderful nights at the Stratford. This is the place if you are budget conscious and just want a clean, quiet place to sleep after a long day of sightseeing. It's superbly located in the heart of Union Square district, steps away from shopping, theaters, countless restaurants and bars, and public transportation (buses, BART). We found the staff to be very courteous and helpful. A simple breakfast of toast/muffins, juice, and coffee is offered in a small dining room - it's all we needed.Yes, there is no air-con, but none was needed, even during the warm month of July, since the temperature cools down drastically at night. The only minor irritation was the slo-o-ow elevator that carries only 5 people at one time. But the pluses far outweigh the minuses. It's simply the best value in town for hotel accommodations.One tip: ask for a room on the inside, away from Powell Street.	
Jul 15 2005	A/C Free	This hotel is small but has a good price with a European flair. Downside is there is no airconditioning. Even though the nights were cool, they were noisy.	
Jun 29 2005	Limited Mobility? The Stratford's a great place!	I walk on a cane and appreciated the elevator and the walk-in shower at the Stratford Hotel. It's right on Powell Street at Union Square making it a short walk to the Market Street Muni buses, streetcars, subway trolleys , Bart and the cable car turnaround.  I was at first disappointed that my room had no view--it looked out to a light shaft-- but the noise from the bar across the street blasts impossibly loud music with the doors open until 1:30 every morning! I couldn't hear it in my room. My room (#206) was across from the Breakfast Room where they served a simple meal of juice, bread/toast, cream cheese, butter and jelly. The coffee was really tasty. My room was cleaned promptly all six mornings I was there. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. Sam set up my return van trip to the airport and a bus tour of San Francisco. There's a computer in the back lobby. I bought a 60 minute password for $15 and was able to keep up with my email easily. They also locked up my luggage on the last day so I could do last minute shopping before leaving town. There were a lot of foreign tourists staying at the Stratford which was a real delight. Make no mistake--the Stratford is not fancy or elegant but for $80 a night during Pride Week it was a clean, friendly, affordable small hotel in a great central location.	
Jun 12 2005	Great find for the money	This hotel is a great find for people on a budget who still want to be in the heart of it all. You can't beat the location one block from Union Square, and five minutes walk from Chinatown. The room I stayed in (second floor, right next to the tea room) was small (not a problem for one person, might be limiting for two) but very clean (the sheets had a very pleasant Snuggle smell). There was no coffee maker in the room, and no glasses (I didn't ask, they might give you some if you do) but they had enough towels, tissues, shampoo, soap and a hairdryer. There's also a TV (didn't even turn it on) and a cityguide waiting for you.I found the room to be very quiet (someone was playing music very loudly on the street, but I couldn't hear a thing), probably because it didn't face the street but an interior wall.The complimentary breakfast itself is a great plus, they even had croissants!The staff was very pleasant, they even knew where I could get a new memory card for my camera!One more note - there's a strong incense smell in the lobby, not at all unpleasant, but if you are highly sensitive you should be aware of it.I wish I knew they give you a parking discount to one of the garrages around - the hotel doesn't have parking, and regular fees run around $25/day. To sum it up, if you are looking for plush amenities and a great view, it's probably not for you, if you just want a clean, pleasant place to crash at the end of the day that would be close to everything, I recommend the Stratford.	
May 16 2005	Not great but nice for the price	I spent one night at the Stratford and for the money I paid it was a great deal. Rex was very patient and accomodating with my large party. He went out of his way to give us an afforable rate. Much less than the quated rate on some of the travel servers. Super location, right across the street from a club for the older set (35 and over).	
May 7 2005	Great place to stay	We have just returned from San Francisco after spending 2 days at the Stratford and I have to say that we loved it! It was a great place to stay and was right in the centre of things with cable cars passing all of the time! The rooms were small but clean and the people on the front desk were very helpful. The continental breakfast was also very nice, in all a good place to stay.	
Jan 2 2005	Loved it	The Stratford was a nice suprise for $75 a night. I work in the area, so I knew the location was perfect. I knew the hotel was going to be basic, but when you're booking Dec. 30 for New Year's Eve, you're just hoping for clean, basic place to sleep that is not scary. I don't know what floor the smelly carpet people were staying in, but we had a fine room. We got a queen bed with private bath in room 606. I could tell the room and carpets had been newly redecorated. It was a painted a cheery yellow, modern, simple furniture, a botanical print on the wall and ... (you can tell I'm a gal) tasteful, box-pleated dust-ruffles that I'd put in my own home. Anyone who pays that much attention to details in a budget hotel scores points with me. The bonus, for those of you who need to sleep during the day, are room-darkening curtains. Staff was nice and accomodating. The clientele, as is often the case on New Year's Eve, was young, so there was noise in the hallways that night. Other than that, I'd recommend it to my budget-conscious friends. It's right on the Powell-Stockton, Powell-Hyde cable car line, the 38 Geary bus, Union Square, close to Muni Metro, and so much more.	
Dec 14 2004	Modern and pleasant no-frills for 2 late-20s women on a budget!	For starters, the location is excellent, as every guide book will tell you that the place to start from is Union Square. I'm wondering if not all the rooms have been renovated since some people seem to complain about things that were not at all an issue for my friend and me. We stayed on a pretty high floor, towards the street, where the noise died down way before our bedtime so it was great for looking outside and seeing what everyone's wearing. The room looked bright and cheerful. The decor was minimal but modern and new. I would count it as a no-frills, clean (I can't figure out those carpet complaints from other people...), super reasonably priced, smak-dab in the middle of it location. A very pleasant place to stay for two late-20s women on a budget (that was us!)Parking only during check-in and check-out. Internet access. Simple buffet breakfast included.	
Aug 30 2004	A Pleasant Surprise		
Aug 9 2004	Dirty carpets and smelly sheets. Very disappointing!		
Jul 15 2004	Everything you need at good rates		
Jun 28 2004	Smelly sheets disappointing hotel		
Feb 11 2004	Ideal for my requirements		
Jan 21 2004	Disappointing not what I expected		
Jan 8 2004	Brrrrrrr....nice but cold!		
Dec 24 2003	Nice Bathrooms!		
Nov 19 2002	Close to everything		
Apr 17 2002	Geat Value		
Nov 23 2009 	emplacement		
Nov 2 2009 	?????????		
Oct 13 2009 	idealement situé		
Sep 7 2009 	L'essenziale		
Aug 31 2009 	Preisgünstige Unterkunft in hevorragender Lage		
Jul 31 2009 	Très bien !		
Jul 11 2009 	Buena ubicación		
Jun 29 2009 	Buon hotel in ottima posizione!		
Jun 21 2009 	Ottimo rapporto prezzo qualità		
Apr 16 2009 	fantastico!		
Mar 22 2009	Zentral		
Mar 15 2009 	?????????		
Jan 12 2009 	A misura di coppia !		
Nov 16 2008 	Très bien situé...		
Nov 4 2008 	Estupendo hotel		
Sep 2 2008	Centralissimo		
Aug 26 2008	Hotel Stratford ¡perfecto!!!		
Aug 10 2008 	me encanto el trato recibido		
Aug 7 2008 	troppo carino		
Jul 24 2008 	Sehr zufrieden!		
Jun 17 2008 	Excellent		
May 21 2008 	Bene per posizione e prezzo (siamo a SF!)		
May 14 2008 	super bien situé		
Jan 6 2008 	Gute Lage guter Preis mageres Frühstück		
Oct 2 2006	Passable et surtout chambre beaucoup trop exigue		
