Oct 20 2009 	The worst hotel We have ever stopped in!!!	Not sure where to start really. The room was dated and smelly. The bathroom had what appeared to be bloodstains on the floor, the shower reminded me of a shower from Prisoner Cell Block H. The corridors were dark and dingy. It looks like this place has not had a lick of paint since it was built in the 1930's. Felt very unsafe. Were advised to always deadlock our door yet the deadlock was broken in our room. Would not stop here agin for anything!	
Sep 20 2009 	Great except sub-par breakfast	Nice service. FREE PARKING THROUGH EXPEDIA. DID I SAY FREE PARKING. How many times have we all stayed in a big city hotel and thought we were getting a deal only to find that we had to pay another $30 plus tips for parking.And this parking is fenced.King bed. Fine. A little hard. But fitted sheets! Small TV. Old-fashioned bathroom, but fine. Art deco doorway that was really cool. Sub-par breakfast. Toast and corn flakes really with nonfat milk. With cheese and good quality milk for coffee and cereal next day that we brought, it was much better.	
Jul 20 2009 	Overpriced beat up smelly and dirty. Not worth my money or recommendation.	My friends and I were in the city for a concert at AT&amp;T park. We made the reservation for this room a week prior to the concert because we werent sure of our plans. anyways cut to the chase. We paid 120 for the dirtiest smelliest most beat up room possible. Nothing worked. It was missing the refrigerator and the tv didnt turn on... Not to mention the room reeked of body odor and seemed as if it hadnt been cleaned in over a year. Oh and the ice machine was broken....just one more thing to add to the list. I would avoid this hotel at all costs. It gets a half star out of five in my book.	
Jul 13 2009 	BUYER BEWARE!!	Omg!! I cannot believe that Wyndam Vacation Resorts had the audacity to give this hotel away for a FREE 3 day/2night stay!! I regret with every fiber in me that I didn't pay $99 for an upgrade to another hotel!!! Let me start by saying that when the airport shuttle dropped us off at the hotel, he had to ask, &quot;are you sure this is where you're staying?&quot; When I confirmed, he shook his head and said, &quot;good luck.&quot; Oh boy, here we go..... the moment we walked inside, the smell that hit us is UNDESCRIBABLE!! And once I got over the smell, I started to just look around and knew this place had to be built over 100 years ago!We ended up checking in and had to be the ONLY folks brave enough to give this place a try! We took the old fashioned (scary) elevator to our floor and got to our room to find the door just wide open...... I have never seen anything so disgusting: soiled bedspread, sunken chairs, tattered/ripped/worn chairs, a transister 20 in TV, soiled/oily fabric headboard.... So that was all I could take....NO WAY were we letting any part of our body touch anything in that room! I got on my laptop, ignored the fact that this was supposed to be a FREE trip to San Francisco and GLADLY paid $106/night to stay at the Larkspur in Union Square!! What an improvement - clean, great area, nice amenities, PERFECT!!Please, please, please take my advice and pass on this hotel!!	
Jun 17 2009 	Not for family maybe if young single and on a tight budget	Checked in and checked out within 15 minutes. The adjacent room was playing loud rap music with pounding bass. After complaining to fromt desk nothing was done, just given the option to move to a different room. That and the poor conditions, old bathroom and stained carpets, we repacked the car and got out of there to go to the renaissance hotel on nob hill.	
Dec 17 2008 	Past It's Prime	I stayed here for 2 weeks for business. This place looked like it was terrific 50 years ago. It is not in a great neighborhood and good luck finding a place to eat nearby.The room was in decent shape but dated. The bathroom was not great, the shower stall was tiny and needed to be re-tiled. It has a parking lot but the lot is filled with broken glass and you often get blocked in since they overfill it. When drive back to the hotel you have to hope they see you on the camera and open the gate or you have to call them up to open the gate. It was pretty inconvenient. Several times I had to wait 5 minutes to get into the parking lot.	
Nov 21 2008 	Do not stay at The Embassy Hotel	The Embassy Hotel San Francisco is horrible.This place is hopeless. The Embassy Hotel San Francisco • is unsafe• is grubby• is noisy inside and nearby• has no coffee in the room• has no fridge in the roomEven the main bar was shut on Friday and Saturday nights!!!!The only lift was slow. The alley to the car park was full of broken glass and rubbish.The breakfast was poor. Why did I stay here? Booked and pre-paid online unfortunately.NEVER AGAIN.	
May 12 2008 	Very old but very good	My wife and I stayed here pretty much by accident -- Expedia told us that we were going to be staying at &quot;Embassy Suites&quot;!Since we've stayed at an Embassy Suites before, and liked it, we were considerably disappointed when we found out that there were no &quot;Suites&quot; in the name.That being said, we were pleased by this hotel. Before we go any further, please know that this property is old, old old.How old? The elevator door has to be swung out, manually. The heat is from radiators, and there are no individual room controls (we did have to call down to ask them to turn up the heat several times).But, we also found this place to be clean, clean, clean. Some other reviewers said it's noisy, and maybe their rooms were. We, however, can flat-out state that we had the QUIETEST hotel room we ever had. The continental breakfast is nothing to write home about, and the parking lot can be cramped and tough to navigate, but seeing that we were expecting Embassy Suites and would up getting the Embassy, we were much more pleased than we thought we'd ever be.	
Mar 13 2008 	Not bad	My mother, sister and I needed a one-night room to attend my sister's graduation from culinary school.We searched our usual haunts (I've been to SF about 14 times in the last 18 months) but the prices were so high, I couldn't make it work.My sister then told us about The Embassy as it is where the culinary students get discounted rooms for their friends who come to visit them. Let it be known, I was skeptical.However, I was pleasently surprised. Check in was easy, the staff was friendly. Our room was no five star, but it was appropriately cleaned and maintained. We had 3 people and had no problems with the beds, showers, toilet or any other issue mentioned in the previous reviews.As far as the noise, it's San Francisco. Duh. Only the newer hotels are equipped with sound proofing street noise, and most of those don't do that great of a job.The area isn't the best, but it's not that horrible. The culinary school is across the street and one of th dorms is next door...no way is this an area that is &quot;that bad&quot;Would I stay here for a romantic getaway? No. However, I needed a place to sleep that was at a good price and that's what the Embassy delivered for us. I would suggest this place for budget travelers who don't mind an older place.	
Oct 27 2007 	Smart looking hotel has too many flaws	My vehicle was broken into while parked in the &quot;gated&quot; lot. No response from staff or management. Absolutely shameful.The showers were slightly worse than one might expect in an average hostile. Night was very loud with noise from both the street and the room above.	
Sep 6 2007	The Messy Hotel not The Embassy Hotel	What a horrible experience. The worst hotel I've had ever seen. There was a lot of bug's in beds.	
Sep 4 2007 	Give the Embassy Hotel a Try!	Having not been to San Francisco in over 25 years, I was not familiar with the various neighborhoods of the city. My instructions were to find a hotel that included complimentary (or very inexpensive) parking, convenient location to the heart of San Francisco, and at a reasonable rate. What I found was the Embassy Hotel. At a room rate of $129 per night, double occupancy, FREE overnight parking and COMPLIMENTARY continental breakfast every morning - I thought it was too good to be true. After booking the reservations, I then found reviews saying that it was &quot;sub par&quot; and not a pleasant experience at all. Having arrived home just a few hours ago, I am exhausted but compelled to write this review and to report that the Embassy Hotel was a most PLEASANT EXPERIENCE. The hotel is on the VERGE of the tenderloin district but it is closer to the Financial District and directly across the street from the California Culinary Institute. We heeded the advice of friends to not venture down the next 2-3 blocks at night, but during the day it was fine. Honestly it didn't look that bad to us at all, and several mass transit options are available for travel to and from the hotel. The staff was very knowledgeable about the city and extremely polite. The room was very clean and the whole hotel had the appearance of being freshly painted, it was very cheery and an extremely pleasant atmosphere. The decor was that of Art Deco with the pink and black tile in the bathroom, and the room furnishings were very authentic. The beds were extremely comfortable and the entire room, bathroom and closet included were immaculate. I loved the hotel entirely! The continental breakfast consisted of delicious breads, jams and fruit in the adjoining pub. The whole hotel had a very European feel to it which was noted in that most of the guests seem to be European. If there was a complaint to have it was that the walls were a little thin but that is to be expected with the age of the hotel. I would return to the Embassy Hotel every time I come to San Francisco and definitely recommend to all of my friends. For the cost and convenience, I don't think there is a better deal to be had in the city of San Francisco. I trust that you will have a most enjoyable experience.	
Apr 10 2007	Stay away!!! BEDBUGS!!	What a horrible experience. Read everything the other negative reviews have all had to say--they are all true.1.) Many of the hotel's &quot;guests&quot; are in fact live-in residents from the culinary academy across the street. They're loud, rude, smoke too much (indoors!) and messy, leaving their trash in the hall.2.) We were awakened our first night at 2 AM by one of the drunk residents pounding on our room door. Management finally showed up at 2:30 and made him go away, only after we called the cops.3.) The second night we were awakened by none other than BEDBUGS. We scraped up a few and put them in a plastic bag to take to the management. DISGUSTING.4.) The neighborhood the hotel is in is disgusting--dirty and unsafe.If you're looking to stay at a classic hotel, bite the bullet and spend more money--this is NOT the place to stay!	
Jan 2 2007 	Great Staff really helpful	Hotel not the best I have stayed in but staff are VERY helpful .Be careful to stick to bus and tourist route we found ourself walking in the Tenderloin district VERY frightened a cop even stopped us to ask what we were doing there. The hotel bar and facilites around close on a weekend as it is in the Financial district and most offices are closed weekends The staff really made our stay We would stay here again.	
Oct 24 2006	Don't stay here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	We have stayed in a lot of hotels this is by far the worst one. Everything in the rooms are old the bed is very hard,no air,no radio or clock. The toliet leaks the knobs in the shower fell off. It is in a very bad part of town alot of homeless people just not a real safe place to walk around in. The hotel staff gave us a map and drew directions to the cable cars they were way off and it is not a good part of town to be lost in. I opened the window because it was warm and it was so noisy we had to close it remember no air. I would not even give this a one star rating. Really don't stay here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 16 2006	Very Bad!! My luggage got stolen probably by the manager and they refused help	My luggage got stolen from the storage room where the manager locked it herself! Afterwards she wasn't available for help for a whole day. Only some confused front desk clerks. Called police and filed a report. Afterwards the manager, when I confronted her on the phone, sort of couldn't remember the whole thing!!!!! What a liar!!! Very bad experience! AVOID THIS RATHOLE!!!a guest from Europe	
Mar 24 2006	Stay somewhere else	Don't stay here. The room we were given was filled with mold. When we asked to switch we were given another room which had less mold. Then after settling in, the front desk told us we would have to move again because the room was booked for the next night. So we had to repack and move to a room right next to the elevator with the wrong kinds of beds (which had no dust ruffles and had a condom wrapper under one of them and were very squeaky, uncomfortable and cheap). The walls were so thin that sleeping was impossible (the elevator is very loud and slow). On the second morning, the carpets in the hallway were gone and replaced with mismatched foam and carpet tacks (dangerous) and guests were not notified that they should be careful or aware. It was still like this the next day, so they did not do a very efficient carpet changing job. The hotel was dirty everywhere, all the rooms we were in had mold, cracked tiles and cracked sinks, dirty walls, including one that had remainders of who knows what that had been on the wall and dripped down and it doesn't look like the cleaning staff does much dusting. if you are looking for somewhere to leave your stuff it works, but don't stay here if you want a clean shower or comfortable and quiet place to sleep.	
Sep 26 2005	Very attentive desk service made my stay very nice	ALL the desk attendants were very responsive, especially one attentant, Ramesh Gurung. He went above and beyond the call of duty to assist in getting my room heat working properly. My room was clean and quiet. Also, free continental breakfast was nice.	
Jul 28 2005	Avoid at all cost!	This is not a hotel, more like a motel in TJ (Tijuana) Mexico. This hotel has no association with the Hilton Embassy Suites. The bathroom has purple checker board and the heater looks like a radiator. The trim is painted with a cheap silver and gold painting. Sirens ring almost on an hourly basis. The room smell like rotten cheese. I recommend if you plan to stay to pack with M-16 and gas mask to survive through the night. Every corner of the hotel smell like [urine]. The entrance gate is operated by someone inside who is watching the monitor. The gate is old looking like backyard ally dog watch. Don't stay here unless you only want cheap rate or free parking. That was our mistake.	
May 24 2005	A Suitable Accommodation For A Suitable Price	We chose this hotel for the price and the central location to many nearby attractions in San Francisco. We came during Chinese New Year, we arrived at the hotel late in the evening. When we got inside to the front desk, where we were greeted and received the key to our room. One thing we did noticed was that the elevator was very old but still seem to work fine. Our room was on the fifth floor, the room was clean; there were clean sheets on the bed; there was new soap and clean towels in the bathroom; cable television; desk and a very large closet. Each day our trash was taken out and the beds were made by housekeeping. One thing that people have to realize is that this is an old hotel built back in the 1930s', but still well taken care of despite its age.We are glad that we did not read the reviews that were posted here, or else we probably would not have picked this particular hotel. We believe that if anyone is on a budget and is just looking for a place to sleep for a few nights, this hotel would probably be your best bet.	
Jan 10 2005	The worst ever	I have stayed in hostels that were cleaner than this hotel. I do not recommend it to anyone and it is not a value for what you get it is a rip off. the window overlooked a dumpster that had people drinking all night by it. It has no airconditioning which was awful when I stayed there because it was in the nineties. The bathroom is large enough for one person to stand in. I didn't sleep in the bed one because it was too hot and another because it looked dirty and stained. The carpets had stains and everything about it was awful. The rooms have no amenities. Please don't stay here you would be better off sleeping in your car.	
Aug 17 2004	The Embassy Hotel needs a Cleanup!!	The hotel does not do a good job of cleaning. There is usually garbage left in the hallways and stairwells. The elevator smells of old beer and is quite filthy. They need to clean the place up. The staff appear overworked.	
Jul 23 2004	A terrific bargain in a great locatioon	We chose the Embassy because of its proximity to the War Memorial Auditorium, where the San Francisco Opera Company's productions are held. The location was ideal - no more than a ten minute walk to the opera. The hotel offers free, no-limit, &quot;in and out&quot; parking in a locked and gated area protected by security cameras.It is directly across the street from the California Culinary Academy and many of the Academy's students use the Embassy as a resident hotel. We found them to be quiet and unusually well behaved and courteous.Although the hotel obviously is somewhat old, the current owners have done an excellent job of refurbishing it. While we were there (June, 2004), the completed installation of a new fire protection system.Highly recommended to anyone on a budget.	
Feb 20 2004	Simply atrocious!	I would advise anyone planning to stay here to seriously reconsider. I'd even go as far as to say don't bother! As bad as you think this may be for the price, I really don't think anyone can be prepared for how awful this really is. Not only is the hotel old, dirty, run-down, and sickly, but the neighborhood outside is downright frightening. No one can feel safe walking outside at night, and even during the day a tourist should be wary. Even finding a taxi in this part of town proved tricky. This hotel and this area are definetly places to avoid in San Francisco!	
Dec 31 2003	Seriously think about staying here!!!	I stayed at the Embassy in November 2003. It was pretty bad. When we checked in, our reservation was cancelled. They then gave us our allocated rooms and mine, was one that had not been completed!!! Although the room was changed, the shower would not work. Eevn though I complained to the management about it, it wasn't fixed. The neighbourhood and I cannot stress this enough is really awful. We did not feel safe during the day walking and during the night, I would advise people to use cabs. The free breakfast that they provide, is not appetizing. Needless to say I shan't be making a return trip!!	
Nov 6 2003	We Wouldn't Even Stay The Second Night For Free!!!	We received a two nights free stay at the Embassy Hotel as a free gift for attending a time share presentation. Having read the reviews from Trip Advisor.com, and knowing that this was not the Embassy Suites, we were prepared for the worst, which is exactly what we got! The neighborhood surrounding the hotel is one of the worst in San Francisco, which includes pan handlers, transients, prostitutes and drug dealing.  Upon arrival we were greeted at the counter and given an actual key (as opposed to the what seems to be the standard, in today's technology, a key card) We then boarded an ancient elevator, which had a door that needed to be opened from the outside with a door handle. The elevator held only four people at a time and would not operate unless the entry door was closed. (At one point we waited approx 10 minutes for the elevator on the fourth floor, due to the fact that the entry door hadn't been closed on the ground floor.)  Our walk to our room was met with trash left in the hallway (which was still there the next day) by other guests. Most of the other guests seemed to be students of the Culinary Academy located across the street from the hotel.  Upon entry into our room, we discovered several black mold spots on the bathroom walls, poor patch jobs to the bathroom tile, a picture which was hung upside down and very few amenities.  After spending the night listening to the neighborhood locals scream and yell, hearing the numerous sirens go past the hotel, waking to the sound of the guest in the room next door throwing up, accompanied with the odor of vomit, we decided to check out, even though we still had another free night stay left.  The only bright spots were that it was an architecturally interesting building, which was built in the 1930's, although it needed serious remodeling and the Temple bar and grill had pretty good food.	
Jun 25 2003	A place to avoid!	An awful place in one of the worst neighborhoods in San Francisco. Our room stunk, the bed sheets were sticky, the bathroom was old and small. We found broken glass under the furniture. No computer outlet.	
May 28 2003	They Just Can't Get It Right	Of all the Embassy Suites I stayed in (well over 20) this is the only one that cannot make the grade. Rooms had inadequate ventilation, as a result they were very hot during the day and early night...cold late night and early morning.Embassy claims to give you a &quot;free complimentary cooked to order breakfast.' This Embassy does not have adequate staff to support that. I stayed at this hotel for three days, one day the breakfast was OK. The second day, I had to wait 15 minutes to place my order, which the cook limited. The third day I was unable to get breakfast. I was at the breakfast area during the mid-morning serving time. The line to be served by two people winded from the breakfast area to the check in area...almost the entire lenght of the hotel. Rather than wait on line, I decided to get cold ceral, there was none, there was no bread, no pastry and I had to wait for ten minutes to get coffee.It appeared that this hotel has no desire to keep up with the demand of their customers. I would assume that this hotel was near capacity...it is not reasonable to believe that one cook and one server is adequate to staff breakfast. The hotel front desk had to know of this problem as the line for breakfast started within ten feet of the checkout line. One night at the 'reception' there was a women who did not seem to 'belong' ordering six drinks at a time, and downing them while sitting in front of the bar. I left as she stubled to get yet another round of drinks for herself.	
May 14 2003	You Get What You Pay For	I stayed at the Embassy in February for three nights, and I have to say that overall I was not impressed. The ice machine is in the basement, and I never did find the free contential breakfast. There is a small bar in the restaurant that seldoms serves food, so I wonder why they even call it a &quot;restaurant&quot;. The room itself was ok. Nothing fancy. Bed, desk, lamps, tv, radio. I was surprised by the walk-in closet. The bathroom was tiny. On my last night there, the knob for the radiator got stuck in the &quot;on&quot; position. But I guess for about $70 dollars a night, you get what you pay for. The Four Seasons and Waldorf-Estoria this isn't. But if you are on a budget, I guess it's ok. It was clean at least.	
Sep 30 2009 	Diebes- Hotel		
Aug 19 2009	viellot  limite propre		
Jun 28 2008	hotel simple proprebien situé.		
