Nov 18 2009 	Valentine's Day	I love this city and this trip! The hotel was great, guess which celebrity room we stayed in?	
Nov 16 2009 	Great hotel - highly recommended!	The excellent staff and comfortable stay at Hotel Triton were highlights of our trip to San Francisco. Every one of the staff we encountered was incredibly friendly and willing to help out in any way possible.The room we stayed in (an Eco Premier King Room) was nicely furnished with plenty of room and was very quiet. Some of the fittings (mainly in the bathroom) were a little bit dated but everything was very clean and in good condition. There's free wi-fi throughout the hotel and a free (pretty basic) fitness room in the basement. The free daily wine reception is a great opportunity to sit around and have a chat to the staff and other guests.The location of Hotel Triton is good in that it's within easy walking distance of Chinatown and Union Square. Muni Metro, BART, the F-line streetcar and Powell cable car line are all within a five minute walk so it's easy to get anywhere in the city and to/from the airport via BART.We'll definitely be heading back to Hotel Triton on our next visit to SF - it's great value and I honestly can't think of one bad thing to say about our experience there!	
Nov 11 2009 	What a find!	A group of friends and I went to San Francisco to celebrate my birthday and I chose to stay at Triton because of it's funky look and the Kimpton brand. Although I knew I'd have a great stay, I was still blown away by the amazing service, great location and unique and funky atmosphere. Every staff member I encountered was friendly and accommodating. The location couldn't have been better, we were steps away from great restaurants, shops and China Town. They made a fuss over my birthday and even gave me a birthday gift! The rooms are a bit small, but this hotel has so much heart that it more than makes up for it. I work in the hospitality industry and wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 11 2009 	Quirky little hotel in great location	SummaryGreat little hotel with fun freebies like wine tasting and cookies. Rooms are small with no views but it's location is great and service very friendly and helpful.LocationRight at the China Gate you can walk to North Beach, Exchange Square, even to Mission though it's very close to subway. Valet is $35 a night but its not really any cheaper elsewhere.RoomsSmall and very small windows so bit dark but quirkily decorated and perfectly clean and comfortable. Tiny bathroom, again though clean and fineServiceFriendly and helpfulBar and RestaurantThe cafe next door is the bar and restuarant where we had some great cocktails but didn't eat. However our friends who live in San Fran said its's a great cafe. Breakfast is an odd affair with oj and a muffin delivered to your room in a paper bag but you have to pop downstairs if you want coffee (free in the lobby). Make sure one day though that you pop round the corner for the world famous pancakes!!	
Oct 23 2009 	Great location and really friendly and helpful staff	I love staying at Kimpton Hotels when I travel. I picked this one in San Francisco because I knew it would be in a busy area of town with lots of restaurants. It was a great choice. I went for some great morning runs over the San Francisco hills over to Fisherman's Wharf. I loved being by Chinatown and also being close to the BART station. I booked a ZipCar that was parked a half a block away. The staff helped me find the kind of restaurants I wanted to eat at... in fact, the kindly answered all my questions (how to take the BART, how to get here and there.) The room was small but cute and the hotel feels like an old building brought up-to-date with modern amenities. I love ending each day with a free glass of wine in the lobby.	
Oct 6 2009 	Very pet friendly cool decor and free wine happy hour...what more to ask for?? oh right by chinatown	I booked this hotel after finding a great price online in planning for a west coast roadtrip. It had decent reviews and had never statyed there. Traveling with a pet kinda makes it complicated in finding decent hotels that accept dogs (real dogs, above 12 pounds; mine's about 55 lbs). It was in a great location right across from the welcome gate to Chinatown, had a great room rate, accepted pets, so I booked it right away for three nights.Only downfall (although I didn't see it as such since I was on vacation and having been to the city before knowing on street parking is at a premium) was the price for the garage parking provided by the hotel. I believe it was $20 a night. I wanted to spend my time in other pursuits than searching for a parking spot. But my truck was available for me to use or get stuff out that I had forgotten to take out with just a phone call. It was pretty convenient and well worth the cost to eliminate any vehicle parking hassles.The hotel staff was very friendly upon check-in. I brought my dog in and they put her name on the &quot;pets at the hotel&quot; chalkboard on the front desk visible for all. Although, she can't read, i'm sure she was proud to be recognized. And being a nice dog, everybody loved her when she was in the elevator, hallways and front lobby by guests and staff alike.The decor was very upbeat and cheery throughout the hotel.The room was kinda small for two people and a dog, but really on vacation, a room is just a bed to sleep in and any niceties are a plus (just my opinion). BUT the room was very well maintained and clean with all the amenities (flat screen TV). Very comfortable and a nice bed (queen) as well. Decent toiletries soap and shampoo and such that aren't like the cheap scrub your skin off and leave you dry and bleeding soaps at the right off the interstate sketch hotel soap. Very nice to take a shower and use the products provided.All in all, this place is pretty cool, hip and a in a great location. Right by the BEST chinese food you could ever get in the country! Great stay and would definitely stay again.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great place to stay!	I shopped all over the downtown/ Union Sq. area and really wanted to stay at a Kimpton hotel but was having to stay within the budget of my company. I decided on Hotel Triton and was not disappointed! I checked in late and had not had dinner. I had many snack options from the well stocked mini bar! The room did smell a little musty but it is an older building. It wasn't overwhelming but it was noticeable. But....that will not stop me from staying there again. I just checked out this morning and have already made 3 new reservations for my business trips in the coming weeks. EXCELLENT location and very clean. This is my new &quot;go-to&quot; hotel in San Fran!	
Sep 27 2009 	a quirky little room steps from Chinatown and Union Square	Upon walking in the hotel, the staff was extremely pleasant, kind and happy to see me. The lobby is quite spacious for a boutique hotel and every night they have a complimentary wine hour from 5pm to 6pm. The hotel is located just steps away from the Chinatown arches and a few short blocks from Union Square. At night, the neighborhood felt very safe and, during the day, it is a bustling area with many dining options and plenty of shopping. My room, on the 3rd floor, was very small. Everything just fit in the room: the queen bed, the TV, drawers, desk and 2 bed tables. The bathroom was very small and the closet space was pretty average. But, it didn't matter. I just needed a place to sleep and take a shower so I wasn't looking for anything fancy. Everything was very clean and I slept soundly in the very comfortable bed. Also, the rate was excellent and I feel like I got my money's worth at this hotel.I have only one complaint.: The ventilation was not very good. I needed to keep the air conditioner on the entire time and it was not particularly humid. It's San Francisco and simply opening the windows provides natural air conditioning. Unfortunately that wasn't an option because the AC unit was located in the only window. Also, one strange thing I noticed was that the fire emergency instructions, located on the inside of the front door, were upside down. Fortunately, there was no fire and I didn't have to stand on my head to read how to safely exit the building!Overall, a nice little hotel but, if you need a lot of space, make sure to check directly with the hotel to make sure you are getting a big room. I think they do have a few larger rooms but most of them are tiny like mine was. Also, try to get a room with a couple windows that open so that you have good ventilation.	
Sep 25 2009 	A great hotel for someone travelling alone	I stayed here during July for 5 nights. It was my very first time in the US and since I am coming from Europe I was really worried of what to expect in terms of quality, service and of course safety in my hotel and room since I was travelling on my own.The first impression was the best. Very polite and typical at the same time people in the reception.The room was exactly like the pictures I have seen and they cleaned it every day.The location in San Francisco was perfect, around 5-10 min from everything important downtown.No homeless people around in the evening but of course I didn't return back after 22.00.Totally a good hotel maybe a little expensive for a solo traveler but I always prefer to spend something more and not having to worry about my stuff,my mood etc.If I return to San Fransisco one day I would definetely stay here again.	
Sep 12 2009 	Great Location and Staff	The hotel was a pleasant surprise. The &quot;hip&quot; theme scared me a bit, but basically, it was a neat, clean hotel in a wonderful location. The staff was friendly and professional, the room was very clean and comfortable. I particularly appreciated the filtered water. No need to run to Walgreens for bottled water.The only negative I can think of - please, take out all the overpriced items from the fridge. All I want is a small fridge to store a few items. When I return next year, I hope to find and empty fridge. Do that and I would consider this hotel one of my top picks in San Francisco.	
Sep 4 2009 	They used window-type air-conditioners!	My travel agent asked me to go for this Triton Hotel because the neighbouring Marriott hotels were found full 2 days before the start of my business trip and I settled for it accordingly, as it was only for one night &quot;transit&quot; stay.The hotel location is convenient and the staff friendly, the common areas and the rooms are slightly worn out but acceptable.The main problem is that the rooms are equipped with &quot;window-type&quot; air-conditioning units which are noisy when operating, and gives no fresh air. [N.B.: Travellers who read this review may trust my judgement as I have been belonging to the property discipline for many years.]After switching on the units at night for 2 hours, the room becomes nothing but noisy and stuffy, lacking oxygen. To open the windows for fresh air means 2 other problems: firstly, my room (and may be half of the rooms in such hotel) faces the side lane where the refuse rooms of the hotel and other adjoining buildings are located and can catch such &quot;unforgettable&quot; smell; secondly, the service vehicles and refuse-collection vehicles in US operate at nights, with their dumping and travelling noises throughout the night-time.So, the result is: &quot;shallow-sleeping people&quot; like me cannot sleep.Fortunately, it was only for one night stay, and I presume I would not be returning again unless they install some centralized ventilation system with treated air.One point worth mentioning: the hotel's web-page didn't show any &quot;window-type&quot; air-conditioning units in any of their rooms' interior photos, and &quot;experienced people&quot; like me would return to the website and find from the exterior night-view photo some ideas of the &quot;window-type&quot; air-conditioning units along the dim facades. I wished I had noticed those &quot;window-type&quot; air-conditioning units before I agreed to my travel agent's former offer.	
Sep 1 2009 	what a wonderful place to stay	we stayed here for 3 nights and it was just fantastic peaceful and the staff we're so helpful would recommend this place anytime	
Aug 13 2009 	Hip funky fabulous	Rooms are small, but location, service and amenities make up for it. Definitely a great off the beaten path hotel. I was in the city for a conference held at the usual generic hotel. Just a walk across Union Square Park.	
Aug 2 2009 	Friendly staff great location	We stayed here for two nights and it was a really nice experience. The staff was very friendly and helpfull, the room was nice and the location is super! The complimentary wine hour was also nice and we got to chat to lots of other nice guests.	
Jul 27 2009 	Trendy hotel rooms a bit underwhelming Nice staff.	Stayed at the Kimpton for a Hematology meeting in late 2008. The Kimpton brand was interesting and it the was our first stay at this hotel. Arrived late Sun night with a large rental car and hungry colleagues. Check in a breeze and chocolate chip cookies calmed the hungry stomaches. Lobby is cute but smallish and the elevators a bit slow. Arriving in the room it was funkily decorated and overlooking the street. A bit of &quot;old guy&quot; smell. that dissappeared with running the AC. he hotel is sort of interesting in that it seems like they took an OLD building and funkied it up. An example is the average light fixture has a painted shade. The bathroom fixtures worked well but were a bit old. The room was a bit dark. Had an ipod dock which was a nice touch. Aveda products which my roomate enjoyed a lot. The hotel staff was nice and they had a slick print server to get some documents I needed printed done. One thing I enjoyed was the &quot;happy hour&quot; where red wine was served and a bunch of us hung out in the lobby. Pretty limited seating though.The location is very good. Next to the Chinatown gates and near some shopping &quot;Ugg&quot; &quot;Banana Republic&quot; etc. It was quiet and safe. Nearby 7 eleven and a reasonably close starbucks. There was a high end breakfast place on the corner that looked good but overpriced. Only a couple of blocks from Union Square and Macy's and Victoria's secret.Overall a decent hotel. Much cheaper than say the Westin but in my opinion you don't get as much. Happy travelling.	
Jul 23 2009 	I will stay here whenever I can!	We loved the Triton for its helpful and friendly staff; the cute, clean and quiet room, and the central location. We were able to walk all over The City from there. We hadn't had a vacation in some time and this helped make our trip great.	
Jul 21 2009 	Exceptional service	Although the room was not as expected given the photos on the website, I would definitely stay here again purely based on the exceptionally friendly hotel staff. Nothing is too difficult and you really feel like you are staying with some friends rather than at a hotel! The hotel is uniquely decorated, but despite staying in the queen deluxe, the decor in the room was pretty standard. A nice touch is that you can borrow hair straighteners/curlers for free! The wine at 5pm and cookies at 3pm is also special. Perfectly located.	
Jul 16 2009 	Funky fun hotel in a fantastic location!	I have wanted to stay at this hotel for years and finally got the chance on a two-night stay with my 11-year-old son in San Francisco on the 11th and 12th of July.Love the decor of this place...it's not your run-of-the-mill hotel! Cartoonish wallpaper, metallic fabrics on the furniture, Michael Jackson videos on the flatscreen, and rubber duckies in the fountain...you know you're in for something different as soon as you pull up.We paid $143 a night with an additional $38 charge per day for parking. I have stayed in nearly every major city in the world and have never paid this much for parking. I did feel that the price of the room was VERY fair compared to other San Francisco hotels of similar quality.Our room (208) was a second floor, corner room directly across from the southernmost Chinatown gate and Starbucks. Great view! My only complaint is that this room, being a corner on a lower floor, was very loud on Saturday night. We were awakened numerous times by very loud, partying people (well after midnight) and traffic. Sunday night was better...we heard no people and turned on the AC unit for some white noise. I didn't ask to move rooms on the second night because I really didn't want to move for just one night - but potential guests should be aware of this if they want to get some sleep.Other than that the stay was outstanding! The room was very comfortable and I was impressed at how this older hotel had been redone to serve modern needs. Great flatscreen for watching movies, comfortable bed, interesting art and decor, and a very nice sink area with lovely amenities. The honor bar is exorbitantly expensive!! I know that all hotels charge crazy amounts for in-room snacks but $3.50 for a Snickers bar and $6 for a bottle of water is just stupid. This hotel is an easy walk from Chinatown (literally right across the street), Union Square, the Financial District, and the Embarcadero/Market Street area. A bus stops right outside the hotel and the Muni is a short walk away.They have a fantastic little French bistro next door that has some of the best croissants I've had outside France. I loved that complete selection of French-language magazines for sale and getting a chance to practice my French with our waiter! Such good coffee - I was a little hesitant to stay here with my son thinking that such a funky hotel would be full of youngish people trying to look hip and pick up on each other...there was some of this but there were also plenty of older people, families, musicians, and regular folk staying. I felt very comfortable staying here with my son!I will certainly stay here again when I come to San Francisco - it's a good value for this city.The staff is great - they always greeted my son and I by name	
Jul 13 2009 	hidden gem	The hotel is in a good location, just few block from Union Square. In the morning you can get Tea or Coffee and at 5pm you can get some wine (white and red).The room size is good for an hotel in the city.	
Jul 11 2009 	Stay at this hotel!	This hotel could not have been more perfect for a base for our week in San Francisco. The staff were friendly and helpful - they answered queries by email before we arrived and let us check in a few hours early because our room was ready when we were only expecting to drop off our luggage and check in later; the decor is funky; the hotel is clean and well equipped. The best bit? The water feature at the front complete with rubber ducks - genius!	
Jun 30 2009 	Nice hotel in a great location	We really enjoyed our stay in the Triton and had booked it after being impressed with the Kimpton hotel we stayed at last year in Washington. All the staff we met were friendly and helpful and the hotel is in a great central location. The rooms weren’t as small as I was expecting from having read other reviews, and are clean and comfortable, although some additional shelf space in the bathroom would be helpful.We used the fitness room a few times during our stay and this was well equipped, as others have said, the coffee available in reception is a nice addition, however, we didn’t get back in time for any of the wine evenings. There is an Irish Pub right behind the hotel (less than 2 minutes walk) that we used a few times where you can get snacks and basic pub food that was quite good	
Jun 26 2009 	Location (by the Chinatown gates) Friendly Staff - Perfect Spot	The location, directly by the Chinatown gates, was just right because it makes the hotel one of the easiest to find in the city. It was a quick walk from the hotel to the 30 bus which you can take to skip the Chinatown mobs and get to other parts of the city. When we arrived on Thursday late afternoon, we checked in with the nicest front desk attendant. He was able to give us a recommendation for Thai food nearby, at OSHA. We took his suggestion and found the place to be just as he described - no frills but great food and fast service. The room we were assigned was just two doors down from the Kathy Griffin suite and because we're both big fans of the D List, we were pretty enchanted every time we walked by the door. I'm a terribly light sleeper but was never awakened by noise because our room was facing the courtyard. It was utterly silent every night - thank you, Hotel Triton. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was clean and small but perfectly sufficient. We also had pretty fast internet connection via the free Kimpton rewards wifi. The coffee service in the mornings was free which is an amenity that is hard to find lately. Moreover, the coffee was tasty and strong and there was soy milk in addition to milk and cream. I would be sold on the coffee service alone. I have absolutely no complaints. This was the perfect hotel for a young couple from the East coast, like my husband and myself. Everyone working in the hotel was beyond helpful: from the cleaning person on our floor, to the valet at the door, to the front desk attendants, to the wine hour host.	
Jun 23 2009 	Fun hotel - great location	My husband and I stayed at Triton over Memorial Day weekend. Normally when in San Francisco we stay at my in-laws, but they were having some work done at their place so we got a hotel instead. We decided on a Kimpton Hotel due to the great experiences we have had with them in the past, and Hotel Triton was no exception.We reserved a Queen room and were upgraded to one of their Organic Haven rooms at check in. The room was small but that was to be expected in such a central city location. The closet was a good size and there was a wardrobe for storage as well. The bathroom was small but serviceable, with a nice shower and plenty of shelves for storage of products. We did not have a view (the room looked to the small inside courtyard of the building) but the blinds allowed for plenty of natural light to get in while still giving a lot of privacy. The room also had a source book for all of the organic materials that went into it as well as a guest book signed by previous occupants that was fun to read.The staff was beyond friendly and helpful, and like all Kimpton Hotels there was an evening complementary wine hour from 5 - 6 pm where all guest gathered in the lobby and relaxed on the couches and drank wine. It was a fun way to get to know fellow travelers as well as relax after a hard day sight seeing.This hotel was fun, funky, and comfortable with a great location in the Union Square area right across from the China Town gates. There was a lot to see and do in the area as well as easy access to BART, buses, and cable cars.	
Jun 20 2009 	Wonderful location nice hotel	I took a 4-day weekend getaway to San Francisco in April 2009. Doing various web searches for budget-style hotels (I'm typically a budget traveler, even staying in hostels around the world), I found the Hotel Triton to have an incredible sale. For ~$100 / night, I figure I couldn't go wrong considering the truly great location in central S.F.I wasn't wrong. Triton fulfills some major requirements that I look for in hotels: Proximity to public transit to/from airport (only a few blocks walk from Montgomery St. BART Station and even close to cable cars and certainly many bus lines), price, and wireless Internet (it's even free). It's central location is the major bonus for me. The hotel is a small-ish boutique hotel right across the street from the Gates of Chinatown, and within walking distance of North Beach, the Financial District, Tenderloin, etc. It is a bit of a haul on the electric trolley or Muni to the Castro - but I only went to the Castro once or twice. Most of my time was spent sightseeing the central areas of the city, and happy hours in North Beach (Vesuvio is an absolute must).Yes, my room was small and my window looked onto an alley - though I didn't spend much time in my room. I was visiting San Francisco to explore the wonderful city, not the insides of a hotel room. In fact, the staff let me bring a bike that I had rented into my room for safety. The afternoon wine reception was nice (and free), though the wines were, of course, not the best quality (read: free).One complaint - the 2nd day I was there, the maid did not replace my bath towels. I only had one towel out of 2 left. Not the end of the world, but I had rented the bike and needed to shower when I was done with riding for the day (riding up and down those hills can make a guy sweaty), so I had to use my last towel to shower that evening and then use the same one the next morning.All-in-all, as a solo traveler/explorer, I would absolutely stay at the Triton Hotel again, given the price.	
Jun 17 2009	Fun 	Adorable! Loved the chic decor and how glamorous -- yet cozy and comforted -- I felt in my luxurious, hotel-supplied animal-print robe following a hot shower and a quick forage through the honor bar (it'd been a trying day!). No, the rooms aren't big but just right for my daughter and I. No view from our room (tiny windows facing the interior), but the funky zebra-striped headboard, a vibrant red wall and whimsical prints upon the walls kept me quite content while indoors. The room was exceptionally clean, the staff accessible and the wine reception a nice touch. (Although, come on, why not do the tarot card readings for a nominal $5? That 'd be more fun.) Best of all, the terrific location invites you to easily visit Chinatown on your right, Union Square to your left, cable car access all around and much more. At the $100 rate I received, I have never stayed at a better San Francisco hotel.	
Jun 4 2009 	Understated and fuss-free...a gem	Our exerience at the Triton was unreservedly a good one. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful without being horribly pushy/over-familiar. We took advantage of the free tea and coffee in the morning (which was a real bonus to anyone who finds Starbucks coffee weak and unpleasant) but were always too busy to partake of the evening wine tasting. Our room was on the back of the hotel on a high floor, which meant that we weren't disturbed by noise at all. Sure, it was a wee bit basic-looking, but I wasn't in SF to sit about in a hotel room.The hotel is perfectly situated for some serious shopping (some of it very high-end, if that's your thing) - it's close enough to dump your first haul of the day before going out for round two!Cafe de la Presse next door did a good hearty breakfast, but here's a tip for those of you who can't take a big meal first thing - we would often trot down to the Westfield Centre on Market Street and buy a yogurt from the Bristol Farms store in the basement, and a Peets coffee to accompany it. There's plenty of seating and it's a good place to plan your day ahead. Some more tips: the MUNI pass was fantastic value. Buy yours from the Dick Dale fan in the booth near the cable car turnaround on Market Street.Go to Sausalito on the ferry if you can. What a gorgeous place.The de Young Museum in Golden Gate Park is a cracker and (I would saw) better than SFMOMA.The Triton is definitely worth considering if you are thinking about a trip to The City.	
May 28 2009 	Unique hotel in downtown	This was my first time staying at a Kimpton and I had been warned that rooms tended to be small, so I wasn't surprised. It is located in an old building which accounts for the size of the room. We had a queen bed and the room was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was clean with plenty of towels. The staff was very helpful recommending restaurants and reserving a cab to the airport. The location was great. Only a 10 minute walk to the Mascone Convention Center. Our room was quiet with no street noise.	
May 4 2009 	Great location but "shabby chic" takes on a new meaning here	You can't ask for a better location than the Triton - right across from Chinatown Gate! Too bad you couldn't see it from my room, which looked out into an ugly airwell festooned with pigeon netting. In window air conditioning units blocked the view - not a bad thing - but also meant that the airwell was noisy all night long - like being parked next to an idling truck. The furnishing are hip(ish), but frankly beat to death. The underside of my desk was so beat up that there were splinters of wood hanging down from beneath it. On my desk there was an odd wind chime device that apparently needed (but did not have) batteries to work. The tub was old and gross, and when I ran water into it for a bath, an oily filmy substance rose to the top of the water. No bath for me! The &quot;business center&quot; is one computer in the cramped lobby! I love Kimpton Hotels, but this one is off my list permanently; don't care what the cost of the room may be. Also, the day staff was not very friendly - my check-in concluded with a bored, &quot;Do you NEED me to explain the hotel amenities to you?&quot; This is far, far from the friendly greeting I've received at Kimptons all around the country. Night staff was courteous and helpful.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great place.	This was my first time in San Francisco and I couldn't have stayed anywhere better. Great location, two blocks from Union Square, across the street from Chinatown, and a twenty minute walk to the Wharf area. Very safe, spotlessly clean, friendly and helpful staff. My room was one of the Zen Dens, which was fun and colourful and comfortable and quirky, like the rest of the hotel. Loved it- it even has hot tea in the morning free, and complimentary wine in an evening which was a nice touch.	
Apr 19 2009 	Clean tiny room with good service and location	The room was small and run-down a bit, but everything was clean. The location is good and the front desk staff were helpful. I got a good price on the room and would definitely recommend if that price was available again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Funky Boho-Fun	Stayed here while consulting in San Francisco. Fun, great for a younger crowd. Super convenient location. The rooms were kinda beat up, and the place doesn't have some of the polish of other Union Square hotels, but it is right next to Cafe de la Presse and there is lots of fun people watching.	
Apr 11 2009 	Quirky cool hotel	Found this online for our trip to SF. We wanted to stay somewhere that was different before we met up with friends later on in the week. Convenient location to everything downtown, right at the gate to Chinatown We even have had a few friends stay here before, so that helped in our decision.It is a little pricey for what you get in amenities. The wine party is pretty neat to get to mingle with other guests.Staff was very helpful and also good in recommending local restaurants.	
Apr 5 2009	A terrific hotel in an ideal location with a fantastic friendly helpful staff	The primary reason I usually choose a Kimpton hotel is because the staff is consistently so nice, so helpful and so willing to accommodate your needs. The Triton staff is no different.I stayed there Mar. 27-28 and paid the extra $10/night for a King room upgrade. I got Room 608 -- overlooking the gates to Chinatown -- and a fabulous view of Coit Tower in the distance.Yes, the room was small - and I had to wear earplugs because the City noise is everywhere (but that's not the hotel's fault).Unlike the Clift Hotel - these young, helpful staff have no attitude - they aren't trying to be hip, cool - just real and helpful.They gave me earplugs, scouted down a WSJ for me, and offered to get me a glass of wine when I knew I would miss their complimentary happy hour. They always said &quot;Hi!&quot; when I entered the lobby - I felt like I belonged there.The location is ideal - walking distance to many SF attractions - and cable car access to the ones you need public transit for.Do yourself a favor - stay at this hotel. It will add immensely to the enjoyment of your SF trip.	
Mar 28 2009 	Love this place!!	My wife and I came for a little New Years getaway and found this hotel to be wonderful in every aspect. The location was great. The staff was accomodating. You can't go wrong with a stay at the Triton.	
Mar 24 2009 	Just what I wanted!	Super comfy beds, amazingly convenient location, nice little touches that keep an old San Francisco hotel from feeling old and commonplace! Very clean, though a bit tired if you are looking really hard, but everything worked and the bedding couldn't have been better. I booked on Expedia 3 hours before arrival and got a great deal; everything was just what I needed. Something fresh and fun, not expensive, but comfortable and convenient. True that the rooms are small, and the bathroom tiny, but cheap rooms are not for people who are spending lots of time in the hotel anyway. This was perfect for a Paddy's Day getaway; convenient to the downtown neighborhoods and a safe, fun environment. Great for the younger crowd.	
Mar 20 2009 	Good hotel in a fantastic location	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Triton and really enjoyed my stay.The staff at the hotel were very friendly and the rooms were perfectly adequate for a short stay. If I was staying longer than 5 days I would probably stay elsewhere as the rooms and bathroom are very small. For a few days this did not really matter.The beds were very comfortable and being on the 7th floor it was fairly quiet. As mentioned already the bathroom was tiny with the sink outside. However, the shower was good and fairly powerful.The hotel offered nice touches such as free coffee in the morning, fresh cookies at 3pm and a nice free wine reception at 5pm. Nice additional touches.Location is perfect. Right next to China Town Gate, just minutes from Union Square and Market Street.I recommend the hotel for a short stay right in the heart of San Francisco. The staff are great and the rooms comfortable.I would stay at the Triton but the rate would have to be right. We only paid £65 per night which offered excellent value for money but I would be reluctant to spend too much more.	
Mar 9 2009 	Great location helpful staff and bit quirky	So many times, staying in hotels can mean being stuck in the same old boring formulaic hotels. So the Triton was a really refreshing find!! Located right opposite chinatown gate, and ideally located for shopping and tourist attractions. The brightly cloured lobby was a great place to wait for people, with free coffee in the morning and winetasting from 5-6pm. All the rooms were decorated differently, with artistic touches, and interesting artwork was to be found in corridors. The only downside was the rooms were quite small, but their unique touches certainly made up for it. There was no restaurant in the hotel, but a great cafe for breakfast next door, which also provided room service and was also good for a quiet drink in the evening. The staff were really friendly, and helped us find a number of good places to eat in the evening closeby and were always cheerful. Will definitely be staying there when I return to San Francisco!	
Feb 19 2009 	Great location and price!	Upon checkin I got the upgrade for a minimum fee as requested and offered wine (which is the usual 5-6 pm service). :) I like that! I stayed @ a Kimpton Group hotel before and aside from the &quot;Happy Hour&quot; service I also like the free internet use for InTouch members.The location is fantastic! My husband and I were able to go anywhere downtown by foot. The only bad thing was that they did not have any &quot;working&quot; umbrellas! It was soggy and the 2 days we were there the only umbrellas they had did not have a handle to one &quot;smart&quot; guy decided to glue the handle of and of course that did not work!	
Jan 25 2009	Best location in San Francisco	We stayed at the Triton for a week over Christmas and had an amazing holiday in San Francisco. The hotel location is perfect. A 5 minute walk to Union Square, Macy's and a 2 minute walk to shops that we loved like H&amp;M, Banana Republic and there's even a Starbucks across the street. The staff are so helpful and can recommend anything. We would definitley recommend doing an open top bus tour if it is your first time in San Francisco. The room was small but very cosy with a great tv that had lots of channels and the shower was very good also. We stayed over Christmas and it was very different to the one we have in Australia but it was still lovely. The gym was very nice too, it was open 24 hours. They also have fresh baked cookies at reception every evening and they are so delicious! The whole family loved the Triton and we can't wait to stay there again!	
Jan 16 2009 	Not good.	This hotel could be cool, and is a cool idea, but was run down. Paint peeling, smelled bad, and small. There are just too many options in San Francisco to use this one.Try something else.	
Jan 11 2009 	Another nice stay at the Triton	I've stayed at the Triton off and on for over 10 years. Always had a nice, comfortable stay. Location is outstanding, right at the gate to Chinatown, close to Union Square and Bart stops. Rooms are small but comfortable with nice bathrooms. Lobby is funky but staff is very helpful. And Cafe de la Presse next door has a very nice breakfast menu. Enjoyed the complimentary wine/beer and cookies. All at a nice price. This is an excellent value.	
Nov 12 2008 	My favorite hotel in the world!	I have stayed at the Triton approximately 20 times in the past five years while in the city on business, and each time, I hate leaving the property. The entire staff, from the valet to the manager is cordial, knowledgeable, and accommodating. Its proximity to Union Square and Chinatown are a definite plus. I love the ever changing decor, the rooms are vibrant, cozy and comfortable. If you're lucky enough to get into one of the celebrity-themed suites, you're in for a real treat. The decision to stay here for any length of time is a no-brainer.	
Oct 25 2008 	Great value great location tiny room	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Triton for three nights as part of our trip down the coast of California. We chose this hotel because of its affordability and great location, and we were not disappointed.Our check-in was fast and easy, and the helpful staff gave us maps and directions to some fabulous locations in San Francisco. The lobby was small but cute, and we enjoyed their afternoon wine and cookies. There was also a tarot card reader available but we did not use her services.Our room was tiny, but we expected that for the price and location. The tv was nice, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was small but adequate. Everything was clean and comfortable. We didn't spend much time in our room because there is so much to do in San Francisco, but the time we did spend there was fine.We also loved that there was a Starbucks across the street and the gate to Chinatown at the hotel's doorstep. The location of this hotel absolutely can't be beat. We were able to walk to everything we wanted to see, from the piers to Chinatown, to Ghiradelli Square. I would definitely recommend this hotel, as long as you don't plan on spending a lot of time in the room.	
Oct 23 2008 	one of the best hotels in the world	I often stay at the Triton hotel in San Francisco when I am on business trips.The location couldn't be better: at Chinatown doorstep, there are many nice restaurants close to it and very good shops.The staff are extremely nice and helpful and the rooms are comfy and funky! Love the decoration.I wish all hotels could be like the Triton.Really looking forward to going back there.	
Sep 23 2008 	Fantastic Location	We stayed at the Hotel Triton for 3 nights with our baby and the location was absolutely perfect. Right in the heart of the shopping district, and a short walk to the Muni, GOMA, and all the downtown areas. There is also a great French restaurant and wine bar on either side of the hotel.It's important to note that a &quot;suite&quot; does not have a separate living/bedroom area - it is just one room. I felt that the price for the room was too expensive for just one room (we booked an advance fare on the hotel website and it was in the high $200's - unlike the $50 that some lucky people have paid on Priceline!). The decor of the Wyland celebrity suite was definitely not to our taste, but the room was clean and comfortable.For the location alone I would stay at the Hotel Triton again and book a standard room if I was travelling without my child.	
Sep 13 2008	Fab fun hotel - with free cookies!	We got this hotel at the bargainous rate of $50 per night via Priceline and had a lovely stay. It was a really cool, fun hotel. The free cookies in the afternoon and free wine in the evenings were a big plus. We decided to extend our stay and stayed at a few other business hotels afterwards, as the Triton was full. They seemed a bit bland after this one!	
Aug 29 2008 	I loved it so much that I'm going again!	I loved staying at the Triton. I requested a quiet room away from the elevator and I got it. The staff were really helpful. The room was very clean. The bed was very comfortable. I loved it so much that I have already sent friends there and I am going to be staying there again on my next trip (next week).The location is great. It felt safe coming 'home' at night. It's walkable distance from lots of really great shops and public transport.	
Aug 14 2008	Enjoyed Our Stay	This was my third stay at the Hotel Triton in the last 6 or so years. As such, this review won’t be as detailed. In sum, the Triton is a perfect location for exploring the city. It’s adjacent to Chinatown, a few short blocks to the square and shopping, and close to all sources of transportation to easily get elsewhere in the city. Rooms are small but comfortable and more than adequate. Beds are fantastic! If noise is an issue, then request an inside room. The view is bland (faces an interior “courtyard”) but you’ll never hear a sound from the outside. All in all, staff were very friendly and helpful—which has always been the norm for this and other Kimpton properties. I had one interaction, however, that was mind-blowingly rude. I had gone downstairs for the evening wine hour. Staff typically pour the beverages (and, in fact, make a point of doing so to prevent customer abuse of the goodies), so I approached the bar and waited for a staff member. She was chatting with friends nearby and looked at me no fewer than three times and looked away each time. Another staff member had been outside assisting another customer and ran to the bar the moment he saw me. He apologized for her not being at her post. I could care less if she was not at her post when I approached, but her rudeness in blatantly ignoring me was over the top. This behavior was well below the usual standards of Kimpton staff.	
Jul 13 2008 	Nice but small	Nice boutique-type hotel across the street from Chinatown entry. Hotel was tastefully decorated . The room was small but adequate for our trip. The parking was $38.00/day! Hotel allows pets. For $80, I preferred staying at the Nob HIll Motor Inn which was more central and had FREE parking!	
Jul 5 2008 	Best night in SFO	Sick of boring hotels and motels, we stayed in a large fancy hotel on Union Square the last time we visited San Francisco and although we enjoyed the ambience, we always wanted to give the unique boutique Hotel Triton a try. This time we did, via Expedia, and it was the best decision!My teenage daughter and I stayed in a small double room on the 7th floor with a view of the street below. We loved the bright, fun, but tasteful decor, zany bed heads and furniture, light fixtures, and exhilarating bathroom with good powerful shower. Everything was spotlessly clean, and the two double beds with their luxurious pillows were the most comfortable hotel beds we've experienced in a hotel. The bathrobes were also a nice touch and although we didn't buy one, we were sorely tempted!We liked being able to open the window to fresh outside air as well as having access to an air conditioner, and appreciated the obviously environmentally-friendly policies (recycling, &quot;green&quot; products, re-using towels if willing, etc.) the hotel follows. They even welcome pets! As we drove through the night and then spent the entire day walking our feet off in the city prior to checking in, the Triton provided just the comfort and fun atmosphere we craved. True bliss!Crazy-bright decor and furniture in the lobby with complimentary wine in the late afternoon and good coffee in the morning, a bustling cafe next door and a Starbucks across the street, the entrance to Chinatown a few steps away, and helpful staff on reception at all hours made our stay most memorable.The hotel also has a good location, within walking distance to many highlights, and close to public transportation. Usually we object to the high cost of valet parking in the city and choose to leave our car in the Union Square underground parking garage and walk to our hotel, but this time we made the right decision, leaving our car with the Hotel Triton valet staff. For only a couple of dollars more (plus tip which they deserved!), our car was whisked away, in an out privileges were available (not available at Union Square at the less expensive 24-hour rate), and they even let us park outside the hotel on the street for a little longer so we could walk to the Museum of Modern Art area where it's really hard to find parking. We really appreciated their concern and assistance.My daughter also loved the Triton rubber ducks floating in the fountain at the entrance. Nice touch! We enjoyed sipping coffee in the lobby in the morning, watching people discovering the ducks with amusement as they walked by. Good photo opportunities!We highly recommend the Hotel Triton, and will stay there again.Tip: The cafe next door has great chocolate croissants, and the main street of Chinatown has endless eating opportunities.	
Jun 9 2008	Triton is tops	I already liked Kimpton properties for their small, unique boutique approach to hotels. Every time I step into the room of one the major chains I feel like a little of my soul disappears. Hence, I'll take interesting personality over bland uniformity even if the former means the occasional surprise.A surprise we were handed at the Triton recently when our stay was going dandy until our car was &quot;trapped&quot; by a broken door at the offsite garage the Triton uses for valet. But how the Triton staff did backflips to deal with situation was the real and rare delight. Our vacation didn't miss a beat as they found us cabs (and paid for them), comped meals and the valet charges. I imagine they could charge some of these expenses back to the garage, but even if they had to eat some they, in exchange, got a customer for life.And one willing to write his 1st TripAdvisor review ever. Even without the above incident-turned-delight, our stay at the Triton was terrific. Fun rooms, killer lobby, entertaining staff, nifty SF locale, fair price too. Plus, we love Kimpton's real deal sustainable business practices.	
Jun 4 2008 	Fabulous Hotel -Great Location Staff Rooms!	Hotel Triton in San Francisco is one of the Kimpton hotels --and when you stay at one of the Kimpton hotels, it's never a dull experience. The Hotel Triton is lovely! The rooms are all so unique and decorated with flair and style. The wine hour is awesome. The staff is amazing --they're friendly and so helpful. I love this hotel! I would recommend staying here when you're on vacation or business --the location is within walking distance to the Financial District and to Union Square. It's fabulous!	
Jun 2 2008 	Awesome Hotel	This hotel is absolutely wonderful! I loved the different look of the hotel. Its unique look was a nice change because staring at white walls with cheesy paintings, like every other hotel, can get boring. It's in an excellent location and it's just a few blocks from a major MUNI station. The employees were incredibly helpful and super nice. They offer a complimentary wine and beer hour at 5 pm, which is something you don't see at most hotels. The restaurant next door (Cafe de la Presse) does Triton's room service and it's extremely tasty! I would highly recommend staying at this hotel. I'm definitely going to stay at the Triton whenever I travel to San Francisco.	
May 27 2008 	Nice but different experience	We spent 4 days at the Triton Hotel and enjoyed our stay very much.The hotel has many unusual features compared to other hotels we have stayed with such as the &quot;wine hour&quot; and the decor.If we had anything to complain about it would have to be the garbage trucks every night at all hours of the night.I am not faulting the hotel as we are sure they have little or no control over this matter.Hotel staff was wonderful.We received help from Tim,Anthony,Melissa and Tommy and they all were very pleasant.	
May 21 2008 	Best hotel stay ever!	I named my price from priceline.com and received the Hotel Triton as one of my options. The logo looked vaguely familiar but I decided to go with my gut instinct and book the stay. It turned out to be one of THE BEST hotel stays I've had ever. Not only are the celebrity suites fun and kitchy :), the service from everyone on staff was superb! The concierge desk recommended great restaurants and places to visit, helped me when we were lost in the city, not to mention everyone was extremely personable and friendly. The complimentary delicious cookies and &quot;cocktail hour&quot; each day made each day A LOT brighter as well. The location was a great central location for everything we wanted to do in San Francisco. I won't stay anywhere else when I return to the city.	
May 3 2008 	tack o rama	I am writing this from the Hotel. I will come update it if there is need. My husband wanted to try somethong new and quirky for our friends 26th birthday (we usually stay at the mark hopkins) so we chose the Hotel Triton, because we had walked by and knew its in a GREAT location, and its a kimpton and weve stayed at The Hotel Monaco in Seattle many times...So we get two &quot;Celebrity Suites&quot; I think they are $359 per night each. After viewing the rooms online, we request the King Triton suite and the Hagen Daz suite....So we get to the hotel at 11pm or so and check in, it is me my husband and one memmber of the other party. The guy was really nice and told us all about where to eat and drink nearby, and the lobby is cute and they have rubber duckies ion the fountain. So the three of us and the hotel worker go up to our room (the other room comes later) and we get in the King Triton suite (supposedly the BEST room they have) and it REEKS like smoke....and someone had put plastic wrap all over the smoke detector...so he brings us air freshener and opens the windows (which look out on some weird wooden scary platform and other rooms) anywayz the room is BEYOND tacky (i have stayed at an adult theme motel before....and really it was better) there are mirrors everywhere, and a bright red light in the tub room (also tub is small one person jacuzzi like the size youd have in your bathroom at home). Also as we walk down to meet the other person, we start to nitoce more and more how the whole hotel is so obviously a former crack motel that they tried hard to make pretty...sagging floors, peeling wallpaper and paint....dirt in weird spots...weird staircases...So its like 1145 now and our friend has parked in front of the hotel and is getting out....we all walk back in. No employees in sight, finally my husband searches one out, and they check her in...she has the hagen daz suite....we go into check it out...MUCH BETTER ROOM than the kinf tritin suite.....much newer and much more care put in (still some uneven paint etc) has very cute fully stocked (free) freezer....the bed rattles tho every time you move even a bit....definitely a nicer room though....so she realizes the pillows are all down and she needs foam...we take the elevator of hell (it randomly goes to unrequested floors and stops) down to ask for some.....&quot;sorry we gave them all away&quot; were told. And thats where we are so far.....more later....	
Apr 12 2008 	Fun 	I love this place - it was so fun - all the rooms were funky and it is a pet friendly place. We got upgraded to a king size bed and the room had a great view. It was very clean and the staff was absolutely great! They were all so helpful. There is a complimentary evening wine and beer social time - we met some great people and watched the fortune teller do her magic. Right next door is an Irish Pub called Irish Bank - it is great! We met some very flavorful local people and had a wonderful time!	
Apr 7 2008 	Mixed experience at the Triton	I stayed at the Triton for 4 nights, and there are some really great things about the hotel but also some that make it a bit less than great. First up, if you are staying there, make sure you ask for a quiet room away from the garbage trucks. On my first night I was awakened at 3am by horrendous noise. Garbage collection lasts about 30 minutes, and it was hard to get back to sleep afterwards. When I spoke to the front desk about it, just wondering what the noise had been, they immediately moved me to another room, overlooking Bush St and much quieter (there were no noise problems on any other night I was there). They did concede that the garbage collection noise is a major and ongoing problem in the hotel.The room I was moved to was smaller than the first one, but it was generally fine. It was a 'Zen Den', which is one of the smaller categories of room, and there really is no spare space at all, but that wasn't a huge problem. If you want to do yoga in your room or anything, there's no space! It was so small the bathroom didn't even have a bath tub - something they didn't tell me at check in.Nice touches in the room: an iPod player. Fantastic to be able to hear my own music in the hotel room.Huge flat screen TV - but I didn't ever use it. There had been a picture taken down from the wall, and there were clumps of plaster missing from the wall - but it hadn't been repaired, so it looked pretty crappy!hey also claim to have 'internet access on the TV'. Mine didn't work, and they had no technical support at all - front desk admitted they didn't know how to work it, because 'most guests had their own laptops'. On the whole, staff were very helpful, responding promptly to queries. There's quite a variety of people on the desks, so it's often different people there - makes it a bit anonymous.Overall, the hotel seemed unable to make up its mind whether it was trying for 'rock n roll cool' or 'new age zen hipness'. Loud music pumping outside the front door on the street and in the elevators; bright garish colours, party time with the wine in the lobby at 6pm, versus organic cotton sheets, free tarot readings in the lobby... It was all a bit mixed up in terms of what the Hotel's identity was.But on the whole it's fine: the location is excellent - opposite the Chinatown gate, near Union Square, short walk to all public transport and attractions. And next door is the outstanding Cafe de la Press - I ate dinner there twice, and had breakfast there every day. Really good food, reasonably priced, excellent atmosphere, good for people-watching. Would I stay at the Triton again? Probably not, there are other boutique hotels that I prefer, but many people will find it an exciting and pretty hip place to stay.	
Mar 20 2008 	Great stay at the Triton!	After reading several of the reviews here, I was a bit concerned that I may not enjoy my stay at the Hotel Triton. There was no need for concern as long as one is prepared to make the right requests. The staff could not have been more pleasant and accommodating. Nick at the front desk made sure I got a quiet room...the most quiet ones face an inner atrium. No view, but perfectly quiet, otherwise you'd face some busy streets or worse yet, an alley with garbage trucks emptying their loads early mornings. As an Kimpton In-Touch loyalty member, I received some bonus amenities- a bottle of vitamin water and a can of some dried cranberries, banana chips, and nut mixture, even a personalized letter from the desk manager welcoming me, a very nice touch!Gemelli, the bellman, was terrific- he retrieved new card keys when mine didn't work, got ice, explained the new flatscreen tv, etc. He always called me by name and was just overall gracious, as were all the staff I encountered.The room was small, but whimsically decorated. The queen bed was extremely comfortable, bathroom included only a shower which was fine by me. Wine hour from 5-6 was great, nice to chat with other guests, repours generously given by the director of sales for the hotel. Yes, this is a different type of hotel, not the staid business kind, but lots of fun and well-kept.	
Feb 12 2008 	Cool trendy great location	The Hotel Triton is a very unique hotel with some cool features that suit people who are tired of the monotonous lodging choices. My wife and I spent a weekend there and really enjoyed our stay. When you walk into the lobby you'll think you're in a trendy night club. Lots of different colors and cool/colorful lighting accented with eclectic furniture. The rooms the same style.....modern and trendy. They are a little small but we didn't mind at all since most our time was spent enjoying San Francisco. The things we liked about the hotel:- The overall style. It's definitely a cool place to stay- Complimentary happy hours. The first night we had a drink in the lobby while a DJ played before dinner. You don't get that at other hotels.- Service was great. - Location Some cons:- The free wireless internet. Yes, its free but very slow. You have to pay for premium service but I think that is the only service that works.- The rooms are on the small side, but like I said that wasn't a big deal for us.Overall, if you're up for something trendy, modern, and exciting the Hotel Triton is right up your alley.	
Feb 7 2008 	San Francisco Boutique Hotel	Hotel Triton is somewhere I had been wanting to stay for a while and fortunately, a business trip came up that would cover the cost. Yay!The hotel is on the south edge of China Town on the corner or Bush &amp; Grant. Great location, easy access to taxis and public transport.The lobby is very cool with an eclectic mix of furnishings and color. I was upgraded from I don't know what to a king size bed on the 7th floor on the Bush side of the bldg. My co-worker was in a &quot;daybed&quot; on the 3rd floor on the Grant side. He said there was quite a bit of street noise and had a hard time sleeping through it. My room seemed to workout pretty nicely. No street noise, but I did turn on the fan for some &quot;white noise&quot;. The room was pretty modest in size, but very quaintly decorated. I loved it. The bathroom needs some shelving/wall storage next to the sink. The bathroom is small and counter space is minimal, so shelving would have helped. Towels are great - plentiful and fluffy. The TV is pretty small. Someone in another review mentioned a flat screen TV being a good addition and I agree. The honor bar had some good stuff in it, but high prices as typical for something like that.The business center is a desk next to the check-in counter. Very fast and nice computer though - at $5.99 for 15 minutes of internet time. Doooh....In the morning, there is complimentary coffe/tea in the lobby. No food. Early evenings is a happy hour, but I could never make it back in time to make. Bummer.I love San Francisco and if you wanna taste of the funky side, I suggest this hotel. My teenage daughter would love. I would return again....if I could afford it. ;-)	
Feb 4 2008	A fun favorite	I love the Hotel Triton! The location is perfect for a weekend getaway in S.F. Immeditaly in front of the gates of Chinatown, it's a short walk downt he street to Union Square. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They make great concierges. I;ve stayed in a few rooms here but loved the Jerry Garcia Suite most. Great Tub!Just around the corner Belden Lane is tucked away. A great spot if you want a little French Quarter dining. One of the few outdoor dinner spots in the city.Triton honors the Kimpton happy hour and the guests have wine and visit in the lobby. They often have chair massages avilable and I've seen tarot readers there during happy hour as well. The hotel is pet friendly &amp; there are water dishes near the door.This is a really fun place to stay!	
Jan 26 2008 	Great hotel in an excellent location	I booked at the last minute through Priceline and paid $75 per night (versus their standard rate of $200 per night). The hotel is about 5 minutes walk from Union Square and Market Street and also about the same distance from the Montgomery Street BART station. It was about ten minutes to the Ferry building/Embarcadero and also 10-15 minutes through Chinatown to North Beach and the Italian restaurants.Having booked on Priceline for such a low amount I wasn't expectlng much, but was given an excellent room on the 6th floor. I didn't have any problem with street noise as mentioned in earlier posts. The room was small, with a queen bed and not a lot of room around, but it was more than enough for me. The bathroom was equally cozy, with just a shower although it was well-kept and clean, with Aveda shampoo and lotions too. The sink was in the bathroom; other posts suggest that in some rooms the sink is outside of the bathroom. The room was well-furnished and clean although I think if they replaced the large cathode ray television with an LCD screen it could then be wall-mounted and the hotel could do away with the large television-and-minibar-containing cupboard, which dominates the small room. Other highlights include a zebra-striped bathrobe (the black stripes on mine were purple, presumably as a result of bleaching while washing), an iPod docking station, reliable WiFi, clean, comfortable white bedding and also the wine/beer hour from 5-6pm. This was really nice to take a couple of beers up to the room after spending the day walking around San Francisco.I had breakfast at the adjacent Cafe de la Presse which attempts to recreate the ambiance and service of a Parisian cafe, with prices to match.I think the rack rate charged is too much for this hotel, but if I were to be assigned it again through Priceline or Hotwire then I'd be more than happy.	
Jan 17 2008	Shortest stay ever! But liked every minute.	My boyfriend and I live in SF, but due to a scheduling snafu over the holidays (too many parents in town at the same time) we found ourselves in need of a hotel for one night. Priceline, and Hotel Triton to the rescue.We checked in at midnight and out at 8 AM, pretty short for a hotel stay, but I can say that we had a very restful night, and even managed to find free street parking!I have stayed in many Kimpton hotels in SF, and agree with the assessments that the interiors here seem a bit tired, but I am also a bit over that particular aesthetic. That said, the location is fabulous if you are visiting from out of town.	
Jan 6 2008 	Rainy 	The weather outside was frightful, but our stay at Hotel Triton was delightful! We were taking a 1 night foray into San Francisco and I checked the hotel's website and the price was reasonable. After they sent me an email if I would like to upgrade for $9, I did it and we ended up with a corner room on the top floor with a view of the entrance to Chinatown! The room was cozy, but clean and comfortable. The employees were helpful and friendly from check in right through advice on which way to bring the car for a fast getaway in a driving rainstrorm!	
Jan 3 2008 	What an Awesome Way to Ring in the New Year!!!	I was on here reading the reviews of this hotel because I just returned this morning from a trip there. The hotel was awesome the rooms are BEAUTIFUL! If you like bland cookie cutter hotels go stay at a motel 6. This was my first time to San Francisco and I think I talked as much about the excitement of the sights of the city as I did about this hotel. The front desk was friendly and helpful at all hours of the night (we stayed for New Year's so we came back pretty late). They helped us find an awesome club to ring in the New Year's and even made the reservations online for us. I stayed there with my boyfriend and 6 of his family members. We all had awesome rooms and felt that the staff and hotel were excellent. I can't wait to go back to San Francisco just to stay in this hotel again! When I get the pictures we have of the hotel developed I'll post those too.	
Dec 31 2007 	Nice hotel night-time street noise pretty intense	Had a 4th floor corner room (Grant &amp; Bush) with nice views, but the night-time street noise was intense. It wasn't the traffic so much, but people shouting; early-morning trash trucks and sidewalk washing. Granted, it's probably average for that part of town.Hotel staff friendly and helpful. If you shop around, you can probably find less expensive parking than the $43 overnight valet service.	
Dec 31 2007 	Hotel Triton Funky (in a good way)	The hotel Triton is located literally next door to China Town. The decor is ultra funky and the people at the desk were not only really helpful, but also friendly. The downside: the rooms are VERY small, and our particular room had a view of an inner courtyard that we could never figure out how to get to. Other rooms had an outside view to the street and Chinatown. The coffee in the morning is good but there is no breakfast or even a snack to go with said coffee. Cookies are served at weird times (we never saw them). At night, the place comes alive during happy hour where wine and champagne are served, compliments of the hotel. A tarot reader or an Astrologer are there and one can sit by the fireplace and watch San Francisco go by. We stayed for four nights and enjoyed it very much. We ran into two well known actors there during our stay (staying separately) and it is dog friendly. If it is good enough for Sean Penn and good enough to bring your canine friends, I have nothing bad to say about this place. Oh, and the products in the bathroom are AVEDA! It is also walking distance to the Bay Bridge and across the street from Starbucks and around the corner from a really cool Irish Pub.	
Dec 27 2007 	A sweet suite!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Triton on our wedding night; we were married in San Francisco and wanted to stay over in the city before embarking on our honeymoon (we're locals). We'd heard great things about the Triton from friends, and everything we heard was met or surpassed. The Triton was friendly, accommodating, quiet, and wholly unique. The room we had was beautifully furnished in hip, offbeat decor, and we didn't hear any noise from the street below when we went to bed. Furthermore the staff were very friendly when we checked in and checked out, and they left us a sweet letter in our suite congratulating us on our marriage and offered us free drinks. They also carry Aveda bath products, which is a definite plus! That said, this hotel is definitely for the 20-30 something set, I think. It has a younger vibe; they have a DJ playing house music downstairs during their complimentary wine hour in the afternoons. This is not to say that those of other generations will not appreciate the Triton; it is uniquely San Francisco in a lot of ways.	
Nov 21 2007 	Loved it!	I read plenty of reviews of this hotel before booking it. Many of the reviews complained about the room size and the noise. I decided to ask for a room away from the elevator, alley, and on a higher floor. My stay was wonderful! The room was very nice and clean, and it was not like a sardine can as others have suggested. The size was just fine for my husband and me, and we enjoyed it. I noticed someone said the bathrooms have showers only, but ours was just a regular room and we had a bath/shower combo. Bathroom was stocked with Aveda products (small, travel sizes of course), and the mini bar had lots to choose from. True, there is no bar or restaurant in the hotel, but right next door is a little cafe where you can get wine, pastries, and other food. Plus there are tons of other places nearby. It is located in Union Square right across from the China Town gate--perfect location! Overall the decor and hotel condition is a little old-seeming, but it was not bad. We stayed just 2 nights, and I have no complaints. I did not need ear plugs, but it's a good idea to bring them &quot;just in case&quot; when staying in a city if you're a light sleeper. The one bad thing is that there was a sign on the inside of our door that mentioned the dangers of lead (can't remember for sure but I believe it was lead) in the building. I think it said something about not having prolonged exposure to it. I wasn't too happy about that, but since we were only there 2 nights I figured it would be o.k.Overall, a great experience.	
Oct 29 2007 	Boutique past its best	The Hotel Triton in Grant Avenue downtown San Francisco promises to be a fantastic boutique hotel experience to counter the usual Holiday Inn or Marriott experience. Location-wise it could not be better, located just a block or so from Union Square, though I suspect the nouveau boutique reviews were written a while back. The $ rate was good for the location, though (read on) I guess you get what you pay for.... The unique hotel decor is entertaining but a little tired. It has little in the way of facilities: there's no bar or restaurant, though there are loads in the neighbourhood. I was overcharged for the minibar and the movies and had to have it corrected. My room was small and poorly lit. The free WiFi signal was so bad in the room I had to take my laptop to reception to work - there's no hard-wired broadband in the rooms. My &quot;view&quot; was hugely unattractive and of the side-street garbage bins and local restaurant staff puffing their cigarettes, but I was out all day and most evenings so not the end of the world. 1st night I was woken at 3.10 am by the hotel alarm clock, which to be honest I hadn't checked but was incorrectly set by 6 hours. 2nd night I was woken by next door's restaurants emptying hundreds of glass bottles into the bins one-by-one between 2.00 and 3.00 am. Every night I was woken between 5.00 and 6.00 am by the garbage collection trucks. Lousy experience - I'll never stay there again and don't recommend it, as there are so many better San Francisco hotels these days.	
Oct 3 2007 	can't wait to come back!!!	I stayed at the Triton with 3 other girls for a dental convention from September 26-30. Our hotel was booked through the ADA but I picked it out because I thought it looked like fun. From the second we got there to the second we left we were treated like old friends. Remember the old saying, treat others the way you would like to be treated. If you walk into any hotel with an attitude or a chip on your shoulder you're probably going to get the same in return... and ya know what? Ya probably deserve it. Anything we needed they were right on it. They made dinner reservations for us on a few occasions and if we needed anything else they took care of it immediately. I didn't seem to need anything though. There wasn't a thing wrong with the room, the beds were comfortable, and the room was clean. Anyone that complains about the room size is just being a pain in the rear. you think that's small? Go to Europe! If you want a bigger room go stay at a $400 a night hotel! Who cares! I'm not 500 pounds so I had a fine time getting around with my roommate and I don't plan to be in the room but to sleep anyway so that shouldn't even matter. I loved the fresh cookies and wine offered. All free. I also thought the complimentary massages and tarot card readings were cool. It's dog friendly which is nice for those who need it. But I didn't see one trace of any animals the whole time I was there. It's located in a great area, right across the street from China Town. And for those who complain about the noise, get over it! IT'S A CITY PEOPLE!, there is going to be street noise. I slept like a baby. You think thats bad... go to New York!! If you want 100% absolute quite go stay in a bed and breakfast in the mountains of Montana! Gee, some of these other reviews really errked me! At any rate, this is a great hotel, there is a fantastic pub around the corner called the Irish Bank, ask for Mark, tell him Alicia sent ya. I can't wait to go back and I am definatly staying at the Triton! Oh and just a note for you single girls out there..... there is no place on earth better to meet single STRAIGHT men! :)	
Sep 15 2007 	Never again.	We love boutique hotels until we stayed at the Triton. The Triton is not a boutique but rather a budget hotel. The room was small (tiny) and the bathroom had no space for our toiletries. The room needed to be refurbished and because of this appeared unkept. We had a view of an alley. We paid $181 a night with taxes. We heard from a friend who lives in San Francisco that the going rate for a room at the Triton isbetween $80-$90 a night and that would be an appropriate price for this property.The hotel advertised Frete sheets and we had one on the bed. They advertised Aveda products and we got one very small bar of soap for two people. I encouraged another couple to stay at the Triton and they left the next day. They found a rather elegant room a few blocks away for the same price. We stayed because we did not want the hassle of moving for a short Labor Day weekend trip. I wrote the hotel with these observations and to date have received no response. I read the Trip Advisor before booking and since the reviews were so mixed i decided to give it a try. Big Mistake on my part.	
Sep 13 2007	I enjoyed my stay and the hotel but some of the staff do have an attitude.	I got a really good deal thru priceline ($80 a night) and my request for a quiet room was honored. I was very glad to get a quiet room in this part of SF. This was my first trip to SF and I think this hotel spoke to the uniqueness of the city. I liked the aquatic theme they had going on the lobby. The room worked just fine for me. It looked and smelled clean and I slept well. I can see how some people would find it tacky. I would never decorate my own place with a zebra-striped headboard, but it was fine for a few days in my room. I can also see how more than 1 person in my room could become uncomfortable. I liked the eco-friendly touches in the bathroom (i.e. instead of bottles of shampoo and conditioner, they had a wall-mounted dispenser). I liked the Aveda products they had on the counter too. My favorite part of the hotel was probably the elevator lighting (pink and blue instead of flourescent) which, IMO, made being in the elevator fun and more relaxing.I didn't use valet because I just garaged my car most of the time I was there. I wanted to use public transport and experience the trolley. I found it very easy to find parking in lots nearby a block or two away that were cheaper. Had I wanted to go in and out, though I have no idea if this would've still been cheaper. There places to eat close by (i.e. a Starbucks across the street), so food was easy for me to get.The cons were most of the people who worked there. Where the courtesey they pay you to have in hospitality? Where's your SF pride? Such a great city. You have so much to be proud of! Not the friendliest staff or the most helpful. I think I met one nice person behind the counter. They put cookies out in the afternoon and they'd good.I probably wouldn't return to this hotel unless they have a major customer service overhaul and mainly b/c I didn't prefer the union square/chinatown area. I definitely wouldn't pay full price for it. But it was a unique experience for my first visit and convenient to transportation, union square and Chinatown.	
Aug 3 2007 	Colorful	The Triton is in a great location right next to the gates of Chinatown. The good-Pet Friendly-Organic coffee and tea available in the lobby every morning-Aveda Toiletries-Soft bathrobes-Great wine reception-soft &amp; wonderful linensThe bad-Room size-Musty smell in some halls-shower only bathrooms-small elevators-smelly gym	
Jul 10 2007 	Met Our Expectations	We stayed at the Hotel Triton for one night before heading up the coast. I requested a king room, an early check in and a high floor. The staff met all these requests. We were at the hotel at 11 AM and although check in was not until 3 our room was ready. I thought the rooms were fine. We had a king room. I would agree with past posts that said the rooms were small, ours was small, but it's a city hotel so we expected that. The Triton is an eclectic boutique hotel and the decor is &quot;funky&quot;. Personally, I liked it. Our room was immaculately clean and the bed was very comfortable. I thought the staff was fine. No problems with them at all. A very pleasant surprise was their work out room. Not very big, but good equipment all in top working order. You can't beat the location. It's right across the street from the Chinatown gate and walking distance to Union Square. I would definitely stay there again.	
May 8 2007 	Will not stay again	Location: Good - walking distance to Union Square &amp; other restaurants.Staff: Mostly friendly and helpful, but got some attitude on questions about our room.General Feel: Did not like this hotel. Really funky and just not our style. Some people call it &quot;fun&quot; - we called it weird and borderline tacky.Experience: It's a Kimpton property so expected much more than what we got. This was a work related trip w/ spouse and our first night, we were given a double room, right across from the elevator door and it was clear someone had been smoking in the room previously despite their non-smoking policy. The room was also tiny. The remaining nights were were moved to a King room which was still small but a little better for 2 people.The room service option was a French restaurant next door and the menu was very limited in terms of options and types of options. There were some nice perks, free wine/beer in lobby from 5-6pm, coffee in the AM, cookies in the afternoon. But none of those things made the room experience any better and we were there for 4 days.	
May 5 2007 	Great Hotel -- Pet Friendly -- Fab Location	We just returned (24 hours ago) from a one week stay in SF at the Triton. Having stayed previously at the Monaco (another great Kimpton hotel) and having read previous reviews here on Tripadvisor we weren't expecting too much. We were pleasantly surprised: the staff are young, friendly and knowledgeable. Our room, though not of course a suite, was comfortable for us (both in our early sixties) and our little dog. You can't beat the location right at the foot of the Chinatown Gate and five minutes from Union Sq. I suggest that if you take your dog, walk him/her around the corner on Bush Avenue to St. Mary's Park; it is a lovely, safe park. I'm happy to say SF is very pet friendly. BTW don't put your pet's excrement in the trash barrels. Many people, unfortunately, scour the trash cans for food.Our room faced Grant and Bush Avenues and was quiet. Request Room 209! Our bathroom was spotless and modern (the new marble and stainless steel wash basin is separate, an alcove, in the main room). No peeling paint, fading fabrics nor foul carpeting. Very comfy king sized bed, comforter and freshly starched linens. Try the Cafe de la Presse downstairs. And the cookies.We would definitely stay here again in a heartbeat.My suggestion to future guests: be specific as to your needs and preferences. Do you have vertigo? Vacation in Dayton. Don't want excessive noise? Request that you not be placed in a room overlooking the alley. Don't like dogs? (and one guy in the hallway totally freaked when he saw our 5 lb. dog on a leash in the hallway) well, don't stay in a hotel that allows pets. Do you like inexpensive, creative homestyle Japanese/Chinese/Vietnamese food? Chinatown is two minutes away. Also go up the stairs from the Hotel lobby to the mezzanine gallery and check out the art works by emerging young artists. Hell yeah -- I left my heart in San Francisco.Enjoy!	
Apr 23 2007	Small and Lousy	I got this hotel on Priceline. Now I understand why they have to sell rooms at such a discount.Despite being a Kimpton (I've stayed at the Palomar and the Monaco before and loved them), this was one of the worst hotels I've ever visited. The rooms are impossibly small, so small that Stuart Little might find the room cramped. Dominating the rooms is an enormous armoire (apparently, the letters &quot;L-C-D&quot; have not reached the ears of the management). These rooms are not &quot;cool-small&quot; like a New York hotel, either. They're just small. If one is lucky, one might get a tiny window with 6 feet of clear view to another window. My room had a view of netting used to keep pidgeons away, although there were several pidgeons roosting there. I felt like The Birdman of Alcatraz. This hotel was disappointing in every way one measures a hotel.	
Apr 9 2007 	Smaller rooms good service great location	We had a small problem with our reservation but it was resolved quickly and professionally. The rooms are small, but it's an older hotel and the rates are generally very good for the area. The free wi-fi could use an upgrade, but it worked when it needed to. We'll be staying there again. While it's not the Ritz, it's not a bad value for the money.	
Apr 4 2007 	Pretty good	The Triton is a smart little boutique hotel located right by Chinatown and a few blocks from Union Square. The design is pretty quirky - outlandish furniture and bright paint abound. The 2 lifts are lit in bright blue and pink respectively and are liable to induce headaches as a result. The lift doors are also very narrow, causing trouble when moving luggage.The rooms are tidy and smart but a little small, even by SF standards. The bathroom is especially small, with the sink in our room outside the bathroom as a result.There are some neat touches at the hotel though. Free cookies baked twice daily are delicious, as is the daily wine reception at 5pm - you can sample a few wines and beers at no extra charge. The room also features iPod speakers which are great if you have an iPod. Overall, I would say the hotel is possibly over priced, but you won't have a bad stay there.	
Mar 31 2007 	Mixed Feelings	Both my husband and I travel extensively for business and have those weird traveller needs. This stay was business for my husband, but pleasure for me, so this reveiw takes both perspectives into account. We are in our mid-thirties, used to live in SF, and like staying at nice hotels, but not stuffy hotels - so we chose the Triton over the W or the Clift. As previous locals, we would have stayed in another neighborhood if it weren't for the conference (staying downtown can be intense), but since we were here for business for him - it worked out great.Positives:-The Triton hit our criteria of staying where other folks our age stay, not being stuffy, and being within walking location to transit (great bonus for heading out to dinner in other neighborhoods) and the convention at the Moscone Center - perfect.-Our room was between a maid's closet and a stairway, so was very quiet. We were here over a weekend and during the week and I never heard anyone partying or being loud.-FREE Coffee in the morning in the lobby was awesome. When you travel a lot it is a pain to have to shower and run down the street for coffee every morning for a week. It was so nice to bop down to the lobby to get some free organic coffee that tasted pretty good.-Small fridges in the room so you can get yogurt and water, etc. and keep it in the room is a huge plus. Nice to have breakfast for yourself to cut down on the eating out 24/7 (even though it is heavenly SF).-Staff was nice and helpful. One thing though - they forgot our 3:00 am wake-up call and 4:00 am taxi, but it worked out.-Huge bed - I barely knew my husband was there.Negatives:-I took an earlier review into account and asked not to stay along the alleyway (good call), but our room was facing the courtyard and had absolutely no view. I think I would prefer to be along Grant or Bush.-We didn't book for the decor - which online looked obnoxious, and it was, but that's okay. -Our room was small. We looked in some other rooms which seemed a bit bigger, but we decided it being quiet was a trade off for size.-The decor needs to be updated. The room seemed worn. This hotel could really be served well to update itself. I hate it when the bathroom grout is grey/black and all the floorboards are beat up, the wall paper is peeling, etc. Though our housecleaning was great - the room just seemed like it could be cleaner. We stayed in an ECO room and the carpet is the same we have in our house, but it was time to replace it. The little rugs were kind of nasty. If you are walking around SF you really need to take your shoes off in the room, they should have a shoe tray by the door to help emphasize that.Overall, I would stay here again because the positives outweigh the negatives, but I would investigate other places first. We like places that are a little cleaner and a little better updated. If you are used to the Ritz, don't stay here - if you like a funky edge, the smell of cannabis floating through the halls, seeing healthy young American's and European's, and an overall good location for downtown business, then stay here.	
Mar 19 2007 	Overpriced tiny room	I have stayed at several Kimpton properties around Union Sqare. In terms of price and value this is, by far, the most disappointing. The decor was over the top and trying way too hard. I had a particularly small room which was the size of a small college dorm room. And the staff wasn't that friendly. There are better Kimpton properties around Union Square that are truly fun and quirky. Go to one of those instead.	
Mar 9 2007	If you want to sleep don't stay at the Triton	The Triton is awful - shockingly bad. Having read Time Out's review and some on this site we booked for three nights. Arriving in San Francisco with our young kids and full of high hopes, we stayed for just one night and couldn't get out quick enough.OK, it's in a good location, has a quirky reception and groovy carpets, but that doesn't make a good hotel. It's cramped, dated, tired and ill-equipped. The idea you may “…bump into Cher or Courtney” here is laughable. Perhaps they did once stay here a long, long time ago but I bet they never came back..Pete Doherty would probably like this place.Here's five things we particularly hated about it. 1. Small rooms - the first room we were shown had two small beds (double double) crammed in, leaving no room to even open a suitcase. All the bathrooms we saw were tiny. 2. Grotty decor - we were then moved to the 'Gerry Garcia suite' for an extra $100, which looked like it was last cleaned 15 years ago. Gerry must have been very stoned when he 'designed' this room, as the only 'design' was a poorly painted nicotine brown chequer board effect on the walls. It looked like a crude stage set. Were the floral curtains and (greasy) headboard borrowed from Gerry's mum's house? Gloomy lighting, chipped paint, knackered furniture, worn carpets - it had it all. We accepted because we couldn't face moving again with young kids after a long journey but it was pretty grim. What constitutes a suite? This was one medium size room with a double and sofa bed.3. The noise from the rubbish trucks at 10pm, 3am and 4am, right outside the hotel was deafening and unbearable. It woke us all up, and just as we got back to sleep another one would crash around, reverse lights beeping, crushing glass bottles just below the window. It turns out that the street next to the hotel houses all the bins for the street's shops and bars, but god knows why they needed to empty them so many times during the night. And why the hotel doesn't invest in triple-glazed windows to keep the sound out is beyond me - I can't believe anyone would experience that level of sleep deprivation and stay a second night, let alone come back or recommend to a friend. They knew full well about this but still proceeded to put us in this ‘suite’ quite happily. 4. The staff - nice and well-meaning but not great on service. We asked for a babysitter, and the guy at the desk spent an hour looking before giving up. Only he didn't bother telling us that he hadn't found one, and when I went back to ask him if he'd found one he said he'd been looking on Google but couldn't find one! At this point it was too late in the evening and we had to take our tired kids out to dinner with us. Maybe they're not used to children, but they're part of the Kimpton Group, so all he had to do was call a sister hotel for their recommendation.Also, our DVD player didn't work and the guy they sent up couldn't fix it and really didn’t know what he was doing. And the wireless log-in didn't work, so I had to call the support line. At this point I was getting pretty cheesed off with the place. When we complained about the noise the following morning the manager nodded knowingly “Ah, yes, the garbage trucks..beyond our control I’m afraid”.5. There's no bar, and no restaurant. Yes, there's a bistro next door, but it's hardly the same as being able to pop downstairs for a drink at the bar. The 'wine-tasting' comprised a few bottles of cheap Banrock Station (Australian!) Chardonnay and a couple of bottles of Zinfadel - hardly the introduction to Californian wines I was expecting!After our night of disrupted sleep we stumbled down to reception to make our complaints, and to their credit they reimbursed us the extra $100 we’d paid and moved us to the (excellent) Argonaut, a sister hotel and part of the Kimpton Group. This we highly recommend and was great for the kids.The Triton needs some serious investment to bring it up to scratch. If you want a good night's sleep, look elsewhere!	
Feb 22 2007	Nice staff .... but!	I stayed at Hotel Triton for two nights in Feb. I had the same experience as one of the other reviewers. I had a room on the third floor facing the alley, and about 3 am the garbage trucks started arriving and emptying dumpsters. If you stay at Hotel Triton request a room on the other side of the building.They were very nice about agreeing to switch me to another room when I asked. They moved my luggage while I was out. When I returned to my new room I discovered water all over the floor of the bathroom. I called the front desk and they sent someone up to clean it up. A little while later the water was back, so I requested another room change. They found a third room for me that was quiet, although not a king sized bed, but that was ok with me by that time.The third room had a sink that was very slow to drain, but I could live with that for one night.The staff is very nice. They are obviously trying hard to make guests comfortable. The decor is funky and interesting. They have a complimentary wine hour in the afternoon and fresh baked cookies, and even a Tarot card reader in the lobby for entertainment. The room rates are reasonable and the location good. But there are some shortcomings with the facilities that make me unsure whether I would stay there when I visit SF again.	
Feb 1 2007	loved the Jerry Garcia suite	the place had great ambience and a funky decor. Management was friendly and the location was super-convenient for downtown business meetings.	
Dec 9 2006 	Location location!	We stayed at Hotel Triton for 4 nights recently and booked through Hotwire for a competitive rate. I expected to be treated to a small room and so-so service based on various reviews (guidebooks, websites, etc). My brother stayed here and proclaimed the rooms to be tiny. We received a room on the Eco floor (7th floor) facing away from the main streets. The room was small, but not uncomfortable in my or my husband's opinion. The bathroom had been renovated with a granite countertop and tiled showerstall. I found our room to be exceptionally peaceful and quiet, perhaps because we were on the top floor. My only problem with the Eco floor was that the shower gel/shampoo/(thin &amp; runny) conditioner was in a dispenser on the wall, but not filled with Aveda products (the normal amenities in a Kimpton hotel). The hotel remedied that when I requested for them. The hotel was a good value- great location (next to Chinatown, steps from shops, close to the BART/MUNI/cable cars), nice perks such as morning coffe &amp; tea, newspapers, fresh apples, cookies. They willingly credited my Kimpton rewards even though I booked through Hotwire. The only service flaw I encountered was at check out, with the less-than-friendly sole front desk person was involved with her personal telephone conversation. I'd probably stay here again and request the 7th floor and steer clear of the rooms facing the elevators which blare music.	
Dec 2 2006	Nice hotel but read on	I've combed San Francisco for hotels in the under -$150/night range, and the Triton is my favorite -- location, cleanliness, friendly and helpful staff, and decor are all above average. In my most recent stay, though, I had a room they call a &quot;Zen den,&quot; facing out on an alley along the hotel's south side. At around 2:00 am, I was awakened by loud clanging metal and hydraulic whooshing sounds. These continued, on and off, for well over an hour. Eventually I looked out of the window and saw an enormous garbage truck pulling out of the alley. As I passed the alley in the morning, I counted eighteen dumpsters! I considered asking for another room, but figured this was likely only a once or twice per week occurrence. But the same thing happened the next night. I got up at 4:00 am and asked for another room, and was accommodated without fuss, and it was quiet. So keep that in mind. (Also, be aware that the &quot;Zen den&quot; rooms are quite small, with a double bed along one wall and very little open floor space. The second one they gave me had a stall shower that required crouching to get under the shower stream.)	
Oct 6 2006 	Liked the Jerry Garcia Suite	A really felt like I was in SF, staying at an eco-friendly hotel with funky decor and Greatful Dead inspired themes. Staff was super friendly and suggested some great eats nearby.	
Oct 3 2006 	It's the Staff People	The rooms are well above average, the restrauant excellant, however the Hotel Staff is the best out there.. For a great time, where you don't feel like a stranger, the Triton is AAA+ Close to everthing in San Fran...If you stay you won't be Sorry!	
Sep 30 2006 	Good Value	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The location is great - very central. The hotel is unique and we found it to be good value. I was a bit surprised at how small our room and bathroom were, but it wasn't a problem since we were hardly there. The front desk people were very helpful. We would probably stay there again.	
Sep 19 2006 	bad experience	We have stayed at this hotel before and had a mostly good experience, however, on a recent trip our vehicle was damaged by the hotel and/or their valet service. The manager and the valet admitted the damage and accepted responsibility -- that is until we checked out and left. I guess they were just telling us what we wanted to hear. Once we returned home, we received a hostile letter from the valet company refusing to accept responsibility. We tried calling the hotel management to remind them that they had accepted responsibility but they never once returned a phone call or email. It's bad enough that they damaged our car, but it took them forever to bring the car around in the morning causing us to be late for an important meeting with an investor. Why the hotel management would behave this way and mistreat its customers is a mystery to us. Buyer beware!!	
Jun 29 2006 	Cool and different	I stayed here two nights on a business trip after recommendation from a colleague who is a regular at Triton. I thought it was a really cool hotel with different and colourful touches, such as the &quot;red light disco elevator&quot;. The room was small but homey and comfortable. There was a small stereo with CD music. Good bathroom.There was a fortune telling lady in the reception area one of the evenings, a bit odd. She had her own table there for clients. The location is excellent. Very central, right outside of China Town. Will probably stay there again.	
Jun 19 2006 	Hotel Triton gets an A+	We booked this room from a reccomendation from a friend that lives and is a tour guide in San Francisco. We loved this hotel! Since I travel for my job and stay in the major hotel chains (Hyatt, Westin, Hilton, etc.) The Triton was a breath of fresh air! In one word - Unique!The Hotel is old but that's what gives it the charm. Our room was very small but the ambiance was incredible. Very clean! The decorating was WAY cool. FREE wireless internet worked perfect for us. The bed was so comfortable after a day and night on the town. Good sheets and a down comfortor. Bathroom was small but the shower excellent with soft towels! The room had a flat screen tv and also a radio that I could plug my iPod into. Refrigerator with mini bar.The front desk staff was most helpful. Gave two wonderful suggestions for fantastic restaurants. Also printed maps for us. They serve wine every evening from 5-6 pm and coffee and tea every morning. Even the elevator is an experience! It is in an excellent location; right at the gates to China Town. Walking distance to Union Square, North Beach, and The Ferry Building. I will stay at The Triton when I return to San Francisco!	
Jun 15 2006	Nice Hotel Good Location	You can’t beat this location, right at the Chinatown gate on Grant Ave, five minute walk to Union Square, Market Street, cable car stop, and BART station. I took BART from the airport to Montgomery station and easily walked to the hotel. Even though I knew nothing about SF, I had no difficulty finding the hotel. SF’s mostly square-grid street layout makes it easy.All of the staff were unfailingly polite, friendly, and enthusiastic. At check-in, I mentioned that this was my first visit to San Francisco, and the front desk clerk gave me a map brochure, oriented me with the area, and made suggestions for dining and sightseeing options based on my interests.Music plays in the lobby, but it was inaudible in my 2 nd floor room. At the intersection outside my window, the crosswalk has a textured pavement, so there was a rough grinding noise every time a car went by, but the air conditioner on low speed provided enough white noise to mask the traffic noise. The weather was cool and did not require AC, so I ran it on fan-only, to circulate in some outside air.The room was big enough to meet my needs, but it was small. If you require a large room this might not be the best place for you. Yes, the hotel is old (which explains why the rooms are small), but it has been thoroughly renovated and is very clean. My room was immaculately clean, and I am very picky about cleanliness. It has a fire alarm system and sprinklers. Seeing that sprinkler head in my room soothed some of my worries about staying in an old hotel. Wireless internet worked fine in my room. Shower was luxurious. If that was a low-flow showerhead, I would never believe it.I enjoyed the hotel’s morning coffee, but if you don’t like their coffee walk to the Starbuck’s directly across the street. If you don’t like that Starbucks, walk 1 block to find the next one. SF seems to have a Starbuck’s on almost every corner.I had a minor problem on the bill. I used a few items from the honor bar, and I filled out the tally sheet and turned it in to the front desk the night before I checked out. Unbeknownst to me, the maid had already charged for items used on prior days. This caused duplicate billing for some of the items. When I brought this to the attention of the front desk clerk, she cheerfully resolved the problem, crediting my account for the duplicate charges. She accepted my explanation without question, and showed no hesitancy or suspicion.Overall, I had a very pleasant stay and will probably stay here again on my next visit to SF.	
May 19 2006	very convenient comfortable	We liked it a lot. It was cozy and in a great location (across from the Chinatown gate). It was a bit expensive. ($200 after taxes). So I might try to find another hotel if I had more time to plan. (I booked about 6-8 weeks ahead). The music in the lobby is a bit annoying. But other than that it was nice. No pool or anything, but we don't care about those things. Only a few blocks from the BART.	
May 14 2006	Good location nice rooms - a bit small	I stayed at the Triton for a week and overall enjoyed the experience. On arrival we were given a double room rather than a twin but we were switched without any complications or trouble the next morning. The rooms are very small but are clean and quirky as with the hotel in general - Prince William speaks on the early call alarm!!The staff was generally very helpful but there was one or two that are rude and totally unhelpful. The free internet access in the lobby is handy. The fortune teller each evening is a waste of money.The location is very good, within minutes of Union Square (which is very quiet at night), the hotel is at the gate of Chinatown and unlike alot of hotels is not on a steep hill (a major bonus).The restaurant was closed (for renovation I think) so I can't comment on it.I would recommend the hotel as long as you don't have a lot of luggage.	
May 8 2006	Perfect Location...Fun Hotel	Just returned from a two-night stay at the Triton, and I have to say my experience was in contrast to that of some of the other reviewers who felt there was a lack of restaurants in the neighborhood or that the staff wasn't helpful enough. We received excellent recommendations for dining in the neighborhood (Taylor St., Ryoko and Le Colonial) both nights of our stay from helpful concierge, Nick. Add to that a perfect location -- practically in Chinatown, right next to Union Square, and convenient to the waterfront--and a fun decor. It's true that some facilities could use better upkeep (e.g., plumbing), but for the price, I would go back to Triton again in a heartbeat.	
May 3 2006 	A nice surprise...	Traveling in San Francisco for a conference and all the big named hotels were sold out when I came acrosss this wonderfully decorative place as an alternative. The location was great...being right across from the gates of China town and the staff were friendly. I was really pleased to see that the hotel was also environmentally friendly. The decor made you feel like you were living it up in San Francisco with a bit of chic sophistication. The rooms were small but I thought the were adequete if you are rooming with someone you know fairly well. The daily fresh baked cookies in the lobby were also an added plus. I was quite surprised at how much I enjoyed this whimsical little place.	
Mar 25 2006	Good location reasonable accomodation	My husband and I were very excited about staying at this hotel at the beginning of our honeymoon as it seemed a bit different from the norm. We stayed in a number of different hotels during our trip and this was our least favourite as it was just a little bit tired.The location of this hotel is good, although we found that there are only a couple of decent restaurants in close proximity to the hotel. The lobby was nice but we started to see tired decor on stepping out of the lift on our floor. There had been a leak outside of one of the rooms and the wallpaper was all peeling off, with plaster and paper lying on the carpet. Our room was not very spacious but big enough. It was in need of some upgrading though in order to make it the trendy boutique hotel it is advertised as. The bed however was very comfortable and the bathroom facilities were fine, if a bit cramped.We found the reception staff helpful, but housekeeping don't give you much warning before bursting in so make sure to use your lock or do not disturb if you want to avoid that!!Overall we thought that you could find a better hotel for the money but this one would do fine for a central location for a few nights.	
Jan 24 2006	former Triton fan disappointed	Hotel Triton has been one of my favorite San Francisco hotels – but I was very disappointed during a recent visit. I first discovered the hotel in the mid-90s, and have appreciated its great location, artsy ambience, and stated views on saving the environment. Unfortunately, the quality of the hotel's guest experience has really declined, seemingly in favor of the bottom line.The building is showing its age and maintenance is below average. My shower pipes squealed loudly and bathroom sink drained extremely slowly. I reported both to the front desk, but neither problem was resolved during my stay.Many amenities now need to be requested from the front desk. I requested three amenities, and received just one, even after two requests. More troubling was the surprisingly low quality of service from the concierge and desk staff, who seem young and inexperienced. While a couple of the staff were courteous and interested in helping, a couple more seemed to lack aptitude in guest relations and etiquette. One concierge provided some major mis-information which wasted valuable time on my last day in the city. At check out, there was a problem with the room service portion of my bill, which we were unable to resolve. I emailed the hotel and to date (a week later) have not heard back. A disappointing ending to a disappointing stay.I hope that with more comments like these the Triton will take a good, hard look at its management, staff, training, maintenance, etc., and become a better hotel. Until then, I’ll explore other accommodations the next time I’m in SF.	
Jan 23 2006 	Well located Kimpton outlet	Just beside the Chinatown Gate, the Triton is close to Union Square and Market Street, very well placed for transit and shopping, and a good starting point for walks to the Ferry Terminal and SFMoMA. Not much in the way of good and inexpensive food in the neighborhood, so it was good to clear out early to get to more residential neighborhoods. The hotel was clean, with a pleasant staff, and the room was well-appointed, though in the rather silly contemporary style favored by Kimpton hotels. Noise in our court-facing room was minimal, despite construction going on all over the neighborhood.	
Jan 3 2006 	Wouldn't stay at this place if you paid me	I was looking forward to staying at this arty SF hotel for sometime. I had the chance to spend one night here in October 2005. My room was small and looked into a very dreary lightwell. The TV cabinet was so large, it dominated the room. The decor was OK.All would have been forgiven if not for the hallway brawl that awoke me at 5:15 am. After calling the front desk twice, and listening clearly to a brutal fight in the hall and the room across from me I finally decided to call 911. I was afraid to go into the hall, but from the sound of it, I think another guest finally did go into the hall to help. When I finally did venture into the hall there was broken glass and other debris. I thought I would receive at least a simple apology from someone at the desk. All I received was my bill. Even the hallway wasn't promptly cleaned up.I've never had to call 911 at any hotel. Even understanding if an unusual incident would happen, no one said anything, and yet 2 SF patrol cars were needed for this incident. I'm glad this venue is available to tell others about this experience.	
Nov 13 2005	Solid Boutique Hotel	The lobby and guest room were nicely decorated, the bathroom was clean, and the bed was very comfortable. But the guest room was very small (standard queen), the work desk was very awkward, and very few of the power outlets worked. I only stayed one night in the Triton, but for the price, I was very satisfied with my stay.	
Oct 24 2005	Friendly Hotel in a great Location	We stayed at the Hotel Triton for 4 nights in September. If we ever visited again we would definately stay at the same place.From when we first arrived the hotel staff were exceptionally friendly. Complimentary wine is served from 5-6pm. Unfortunately we arrived just after 6, however the staff at the front desk insisted that they get me a glass of wine after our long journey. A perfect start to the holiday!Yes, the rooms and bathrooms are on the small side, but the hotel makes up for this by just being 'different'. The lifts, decor, lobby etc are all interesting and whether it is to your taste or not, it does make a change to the regular hotel look!The hotel is in a great location, just a couple of minutes walk to Union Sq. Contrary to what other people have said we found the hotel to be quiet.Other good points; free internet access, a nice warming fire in the lobby, afternoon cookies at 3pm, coffee served in the lobby in the morning and good value for money!	
Sep 20 2005	Cafe being renovated	Contrary to other comments below, I liked the hotel. Yes the rooms are small, but who wants to stay in the room in a city like S.F.? They were clean (no smells), practical and had everything you need + style! Service was very friendly and helpful, so the only drawback end of August was that their Cafe was not available during renovation. Ask if it's open again if you like to have breakfast in the hotel. It's worth booking well in advance, because rates did go up when I checked them later. Booking through their website is convenient - and does allow later changes or cancellations, if your plans change.	
Sep 20 2005	Hotel Triton! Excellent Location Great Staff	I stayed at the Hotel Trition from September 1st to September 5th and really enjoyed it. The hotel is in a excellent location and walking distance to almost any of the attractions that a tourist may want to see (chinatown, union square, fisherman's wharf etc.) It is also a short walk to the cable car stop located only two blocks from the hotel.My family got a taxi couple of times. The hotel staff was courteous enough to hail a taxi for us. Also, the cafe was closed during our stay but we had easy access to some very nice breakfast places. POSH BAGELS and FRANCISCAN CROSSIANTS were right around the corner and so is Starbucks. There is also Walgreens and 7-eleven right near the hotel. So, it worked perfectly for us.I booked this hotel on priceline for $80 a night. I got two Zenden rooms which only has a single bed. Upon a few conversations with the staff, I was upgraded to a room with two double beds and one with a king bed without any problems. The rooms had a view of chinatown and did not have any noise issues. Upon reading previous reviews of this hotel, I had requested them not to give me a room that faces the alley and my request was met without any hesitation.The hotel staff had already told me that the rooms were about 14 by 11 in size so the size of the rooms was not a surprise to me. I admit that the rooms could be a little more updated. My only complain is that the bathrooms do not have an exhaust. Overall, my stay was very pleasant. The staff was helpful and informative and I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 18 2005	Bad hotel great location	Great location being close to excellent shopping and a good start point for most tourist destinations but we found The Triton very disappointing. The staff were friendly and competent but the rooms were small, badly decorated (we thought ours had been decorated by a four year old!) and overpriced. On the whole we felt the hotel was quite shabby and did not feel any formal design input had been put into the rooms or corridors but a mish-mash of ebay and garage sale junk thrown together with little care for the overall aesthetics. I will say that the reception area furnishings and decor do work better than the corridors and rooms but hope some day soon they will choose to lose the blue and red lights in the lift interiors (!)Cafe de la Presse was closed (as has been since at least my last trip in April) which was a real blow as I've eaten there many times and really enjoyed it. Shame there was a charge for the Tarot readings during the wine event and that the wine I endured was of such poor quality. The whole idea could have been a fun talking point and good opportunity to socialise.	
Aug 19 2005	Am I missing something???	Booked this through hotwire at $125 a night. The staff were very friendly, though inexperienced (our first room had other guests luggage in it, the second room we opened to guests being in the room, the third room was fine). This hotel was very dated and shabby, and the room was uncomfortably tiny. Also, the Cafe De Presse was being renovated RIGHT BELOW US so all day from 8 in the morning until 6 at night all we heard was banging and loud construction noise (even on the weekend!). PArking was a rip off at $37 plus tax, and it took nearly 20 minutes for the valet to get our car once we were ready to check out. Would not stay here again at all!!!	
Jul 27 2005 	Too tiny too funky	Wierd funky hotel. Tiny rooms, flashy furniture. Its trying to be funky in a cool way, but definitely not my style. Definitely not a place for business travelers. Location isn't bad - bang in front of China Town gate. If you like blue and red velvet furniture in a cramped up room, then go for it!	
Jul 22 2005 	Great concept decor but noisy weird ick smell	I loved the location and feel of this hotel but the rooms are definitely NOT soundproof, as advertised. All night long big trucks seemed to be noisily lumbering by and it sounded like trash was endlessly being picked up. But this tends to make you get up early and take advantage of the neighborhood. Check out Grace Cathedral and the indoor and outdoor labyrinths. And you can lay out your day geographicallly from there too. Chinatown and all the neighborhoods are also interesting in the early hours.But I digress. I think the real turnoff for me was the odd odor on my floor (4th) and in my room. I had a Zen Den and although it was small, it was perfect for one person and very interesting. But that smell...as I lay awakened in the middle of the night by the all the truck noise I had thoughts of Legionnaire's disease and spores insidiously creeping through my system. It was disconcerting, to say the least.I'll be up in SF on business all fall/winter and may give the Triton another shot. But I'll try other Kimpton's first. My only other experience has been with the Hotel George in DC--just wonderful.If you so end up here, check out Akiko's, right around the corner, for incredible Japanese food. Beautiful presentation and very eclectic /artistic space.SF is incredible...enjoy!	
Jul 7 2005	This place is the real deal. Great Hotel. Great Location.	If you are looking for a place a cut above your basic hotel in San Francisco, but still reasonably priced, this is it. It's located in the heart of Union Square, next to the Chinatown gate, and is within walking distance of almost everything in SF. It's in a very good and safe neighborhood. The rooms are small, but they are surprisingly quiet and well appointed. If you are going to spend a lot of time in your room and want a lot of space, look elsewhere, otherwise this is a gem. So what are the extras that make this place so good? First and foremost, the wine hour. Many of the hotel guests gather in the lobby for the wine tasting hour between 5 and 6pm and it's surprisingly fun, low key and social. There is also a chair masseuse and a tarot card reader hanging out. For whatever reason, I really looked forward to this every day we were there. The second thing that sets this place apart is the staff. Almost everyone we dealt with was very friendly, knowledgeable and really seemed to care about helping us. The third thing was the value. Wireless internet is included free in every room and we were able to book a package that included valet parking for a very reasonable rate. Bottom Line-This boutique hotel is the real deal!	
Jul 1 2005 	quirky but disappointing	I'd heard that the Triton was an amazing experience, not to be missed since my colleagues know I'm fed up with the run-of-the-mill Hilton/Marriott/Sheratons of business travel. But it didn't meet my expectations, certainly not for the rate of $250ish a night. It is cramped and claustrophobic, the room and bathroom fittings aren't great, there was an odd smell in the room, the wireless internet had no coverage in the room, and the decor (whilst immaculate) was very full-on. I'd pay $160 for it, but a bit of hippyish goodwill doesn't make up the remaining $90 a night.	
Feb 10 2005	Triton Rocks!	My husband and I stayed at the Triton for a week-end in January 2005. We are fifty something and loved the Triton. It was cheap and very comfortable. The beds were great, the shower was great. The rooms were uniquely, coolly and tastefully decorated. The staff was friendly. The location, at the gates to Chinatown, was excellent. Even the elevators were cool. The hotel has recently been renovated and it shows. 	
Dec 10 2004 	Zen Den Hell	Due to a convention in town, I was forced to book this hotel for two nights on a business trip. It was a mistake. I booked the so-called &quot;zen den&quot;, which was a tiny room but liveable with a nice bathroom area and brightly colored walls. The main problem was that the room faced Bush Street, which runs one way to the financial district. For most of the night, you're treated to the noise of speeding cars, loud motorcycles, people chatting as they walk past, garbage trucks, and, at 3 a.m., someone wandering around playing the flute. Needless to say, sleeping was difficult, if not impossible, under these circumstances.The hotel offered to swith me to a room on the other side but noted that the garbage trucks operate over on that side. You could hear them pretty well from my side so it must have been unbearable on that side of the building. In any case, if you're traveling on business and require a quiet hotel, avoid this one. If you don't, you risk having your own zen-like experience trying to get through the work day in a sleep-deprived haze.	
Nov 22 2004	Overprized	San Francisco is a great city, but this hotel was rather disappointing. The room I was first given was just awful. Tiny, smelly, dark. The second room was slightly better (but also 20 US $) more. Still smelly and incredibly loud - every morning at 4.30 you get to listen to the dumpster car working in the alley and street below. Maybe the insulation was really bad in my room. The people working there were friendly, but by and large astonishingly incompetent and amateurish. The whole place felt very much like a hotel run by college kids for college kids.	
Nov 20 2004	What a great lil' find!	I stayed at the Triton from November 11-14, 2004 with my daughter. Made the reservation with a very personable woman at the actual front desk of the Triton. Personally, I much prefer to make reservations with the actual property which I intend to stay, as opposed to the move by hotels recently to have to make reservations thru a central reservation service which is usually not at the property at all.[How I came across the Triton was because of the lock-out that several of the major hotel chains have imposed on their once-striking workers. After booking a suite at The St. Francis, I found out that it was involved in the lock-out. Given that I will not cross a picket line of workers who have been locked-out of their jobs because I agree with the workers, I had to find an alternate hotel which was not involved in it. Fortunately, thru internet research, I came to hear of the Triton.]Upon checking in, the same woman, Andrea, who had assisted me in booking our reservation, was at the front desk. She was quite helpful in describing the accommodations at the hotel as well as the surrounding area. When we arrived, there were fresh, hot cookies at the front desk. The hot cookies appear twice a day.Also, they host a nightly wine tasting in the lobby, along with Tarot card readings. Fun way to interact with some of the others staying there, if you so desire.We then went up in the funky/modern elevator to 'The Graham Nash Suite,' which was delightfully decorated using Mr. Nash's own personal memorabelia from his career with Crosby, Stills, Nash (and sometimes Young!) as well as being one of their eco-friendly rooms. Wonderful idea! There was a bottle of mint infused water on the desk at no charge. Glad I tried it! Pleasant change from the usual bottled waters!The only downside was that the suites that I am accustommed to staying in have two separate rooms...a bedroom and a living room. This suite was one large (compared to the regular sized rooms which we saw while passing the housekeeping staff when they were in cleaning them) room with a couch and chair, etc, along with the bed all in the same room.The Gates of Chinatown are directly across the street, so we had an incredible...and inexpensive...meal of dim sum that evening. We were so pleased with the quality of the ingredients that we ate at various restaurants there throughout our stay. I've never eaten so well for so little in any city before! We never ordered any room service, so can't comment on that aspect.The central location of the hotel was a plus. Union Square is right there one street over. Our trip to San Francisco was to check out different neighborhoods and apartments for my daughter, who is planning on moving there.When the staff heard that we were looking into where best for my daughter to live, they gave us their personal opinions concerning the city's various neighborhoods, etc. That was most helpful, as we were not familiar with the difference in the neighborhoods there.By the end of our stay, my daughter had found a lovely, albeit small, one-bedroom apartment in a secure building with a fabulous view. The room was just fine, the bed very comfy, the decor definitely one-of-a-kind, good shower pressure (an important point for those of us who frequently stay in hotels!), and the staff was the best!I reccommend the Triton for anyone who tires of the usual &quot;same ol' same ol&quot; hotels. The only down side was the lack of a view, as our 'suite' was not facing a street, but rather an alleyway. However, since we were gone most of our stay, it didn't matter much this time. Next time I'll know to ask for a 'suite' view.	
Oct 21 2004	Fun and Funky!	I used to live in the Bay Area and was thus tasked with finding a hotel for my business group of four. Not too expensive, good safe location, and representing the quirky, free spirit of San Francisco. Tall order indeed.We stayed at the Hotel Triton for one night and it met all of the criteria with flying colors. Starting with the complimentary wine in the evening, tarot card reader, and fabulous staff who recommended an excellent restaurant and ending with flawless wireless internet service, warm cookies, Aveda products, and a nice quiet room with a delightful ambiance and oh so comfortable bed. The box of animal crackers and personalized note waiting for me were also a nice touchOur wakeup call was Prince William singing Little Red Corvette (you had to be there to appreciate).Definitely staying here again!!	
Oct 20 2004	Not good.	As a former San Franciscan, I chose the Hotel Triton for a funky SF experience for me &amp; my husband who had never been to San Fran.  It looks great from the outside and the lobby. It is right at the entrance to Chinatown, and next to Cafe Presse and my favorite card shop, Advantcard. The decor is really fun, in a funky college student kind of way, and there are some nice touches like candybars in the minibar-like offers in a tray in the room. But: The room was terrible. It was one of the inner rooms facing a rather depressing courtyard deck. (I never saw the outside rooms so I don't know if they are any better but San Fran is usually cloudy so the more light the better I say).  The room was very dark and extremely tiny. The window AC unit blocked a lot of the light coming in the small window.  And the room was very small, so small the bed dominates most of the room. Even with the 2 of us standing with a weekender suitcase each, the room felt very, very crowded. The room (not including the bathroom) was literally the size of 2 office cubicles. I'm really not kidding here. There was absolutely no space to open a suitcase. There was a luggage rack but no place to unfold it, unless you blocked the door to the room or the door to the bathroom. The bathroom was also very tiny and a little worn looking also however they did try to dress it up a bit with some luxury anementies.  But the thing that I didn't like the most about the Hotel Triton is, unfortunently, the service. They just didn't care.  Our room had a connecting door to another room on one side and there was not any insulation between the rooms, these are just standard doors. There were a bunch of guys, and gathering from the conversation, from Iowa for a few days having a bachelor party for a guy named Steve marrying someone named Robin. We could every single word of there conversation through the door and across the courtyard since we shared the corner together. Even heard them break a glass and set another one down on a tabletop. Its not like we were even trying to hear it. We put the AC on, the TV on, and were lying in bed. It was very uncomfortable.  All the other stuff, we thought we could live with but this was a bit much. We went down to request getting moved. And the desk person said that she wouldn't move us and that the Hotel Triton rules doesn't allow parties. We told here there was definately a party. After arguing with us about if this party actually exists, she told us she would tell them to clear out.  We didn't want that, after all the guy was getting married, and again, we just asked to be moved. She called the manager, who said that they couldn't move us, wouldn't tell us why, just something about booking rooms in advance. Very puzzling.  Anyway, we decided to live with it and stayed in the room and spent our San Fran trip avoiding going back to the room until late at night. That's fine, plenty to do in San Fran.One last suprise, on checking out, there were 2 phone calls on our bill! Considering that we both carry cellphones and knowing the cost of hotel phone service we honestly NEVER made one phone call from our room didn't even pick up the phone to call the front desk, just walked on down to the lobby. Weird.  The girl at the counter argued with us about the phone charges! My husband and I kept insisting that we didn't call anyone in San Fran (my friends all live in the East Bay). She said well maybe you called a restaurant. But we didn't make any reservations either. Finally my husband says, we didn't make ANY calls, call the number and see, maybe it was the person before us. She, rather angrily calls the number and nobody answered.  Finally they just take it off our bill. But the whole time the women looked very mad like we were trying to scam her.  When the taxi came to pick us up, my husband says &quot;I tried to be a good sport about this hotel room but that was the last straw. Why would we want to scam her out of $4.00?&quot;  A few other things: The doors used real keys, not electronic cards and don't keep changing the door locks so there is the security issue. The chocolate chip cookie in the lobby were very good. The location in hindsight isn't the great for real tourists, in my opinion. Fisherman's Wharf although garish, is probable the better choice, all the tourist activities seem to begin and end there and because its full od tourist its busier at night time. Our hotel's street was full of homeless people at night.  Anyway, FYI, we are both 33 years old. We heard mixed reviews about the hotel before we went and I can see why.We found it to have a cool glamourized Youth Hotel vibe. Great for college students, I think but NOT great for more mature adults. I would have been ok staying there with a friend for a night but not with my husband. My parents would have hated it, not for the decor but for the cramped quarters and other issues, not worth the price.  I suggest instead, staying at The Argonaut Hotel, which is another boutique hotel, in Fisherman's Wharf. Our friend's stayed there and it looked very nice. It's got a nautical theme, its newly renovated, the rooms are bigger and it seems to be cheerful and cleaner. Hope this helps everyone out there make an informed decision. A hotel can really make or break your trip. Regardless, enjoy your vacation and Have Fun!	
Sep 30 2004	Nice small hotel	A very good hotel at $50 per night (booked via priceline.com). Location is excellent, just 5 minutes walk to Union Square which has Macy's and good shopping area's. Also just by ChinaTown gates and also a cable car ride from Fisherman's Wharf.Staff were very friendly.Rooms a little on the small side, but the bed was very very comfortable, and shower facilities were excellent. Fridge provided.Elevators a little iffy. Also no complementary breakfast provided. Avoid going to the french cafe next door for breakfast as they are very pricey.Massage chairs in the lobby excellent.Overall I'd rate this hotel highly, rooms were clean.	
Sep 20 2004	A bit worn	Although it was funky, it was a bit worn and lacked basic creature comforts. The rooms were not as nice as they looked on the hotel's website. We paid 169.00 per night which was a little much for our very small room. Rooms don't have information regarding guest services or telephone books (in fact, not even the front desk had a telephone book). We didn't know there was any room service until we read it on this site. They also gave us faulty printed instructions to the airport, which was frustrating. However, the hotel is ideally situated at the gates of china town. If you can get a rate closer to $99 and don't mind the small rooms, it would be a great deal.	
Sep 15 2004	Great location hip design a fun place	Enjoyed our stay here in August 2004. Although rooms are postage-stamp sized, they're nicely decorated and furnished with quality bedding, etc. Original art adds to the ambiance. Elevators are stylishly quirky. Facing the fairly busy Grant Ave., our room was suprisingly quiet. We appreciated the complimentary AM coffee &amp; NY Times and PM wine hour in the lobby with views of the passing scene, not to mention the massage chairs. The adjacent Cafe de la Presse is a cosmoploitan French-style newsstand, cafe and restaurant. The Hotel Triton is a great base for SF business or touring.	
Aug 26 2004	Good Value!	We stayed at this hotel in July; we had a great rate ($99) a night. We really thought it was a great deal for the money--- the bed was very comfortable with nice linens, the Aveeda products were fun as were the hotel decorations. Also, you just can't beat the location!!! Also, the little bar next door was great! However, the lobby was worn and the rooms were small so we would not recommend it for honeymooners or folks seeking a 4 Star experience. It was perfect for us and easy on the budget!!!	
Aug 26 2004	Have a name? Get the room #. Heck take the key!	We stayed here last March. The people were nice, but everyone who was working was from another hotel and didn't even know where to buy cigarettes. The rate was good. The room was clean, but way way too small. They allow dogs without a hitch, which is cool. The biggest downside, though, is that they not only gave people my room number without my permission-- but they gave them a key! I came back to my room to find my two friends who I was supposed to meet up with, sitting on my bed. Now, sure-- it was fine this time, but like-- what if they weren't my friends?	
Aug 18 2004	Trendy and Unique	Stayed here last year and had a great time. The location is awesome! Immediate walking distance includes shopping, Chinatown, and several happenin bars and restaurants.The hotel itself is fun and trendy. The decorations give life and character to the hotel. Definitely a change of pace from the usual large chain hotels.The rooms were nice, however a bit small. But that shouldn't really matter since you're spending time in the city, not the room. Oh, and the king size bed *sigh* was very comfortable.The complementary drinks in the afternoon are a nice touch. The serving staff is very friendly and make good conversation.Overall I had a good time and would recommend staying here.	
Aug 12 2004	Great location with its share of quirks	We were pleasantly suprised by our stay at the Triton. Yes, the building is old. Yes, the elevators keep you guessing if you will actually make it to your floor. None of that matters if location and cleanliness is important to you. The location of the Triton could not be beat, right at the Chinatown gates, walking distance (a nice long walk) to SBC Park and transportation anywhere else you want to go. Front desk was helpful and attentive. Don't miss the happy hour, the beer and wine are free flowing and its a great chance to meet people that can give you teriffic recommendations on local hot spots. Massaging chairs are fab after a long day of walking. The rooms weren't huge but what rooms are in SF for this price range? Morning teas, coffee and biscotti were a nice touch. The minor complaints: water pressure on the eco floor was horrible. If you have long, thick or curly hair, washing it could be quite a chore. Also, we had bought some fresh cherries at the market and within a day they were swarmed with fruit flies. Hopefully keeping the window closed would solve that last problem!	
Aug 5 2004	A blast and a half	Can't say enuf about this place. All the complainers who say the staff is stuffy can stuff it. We had a large group that felt right at home, and there wasn't one complaint in the bunch. NOT ONE IN FOUR DAYS. Good music, wine and brew during happy hour downstairs, and the lobby -- fughedaboudit -- it's the best there is, possibly the best there ever was. If you can afford the valet service for your car (a tad bit spendy, but hey, it's S.F.) you won't regret it. We had our baby with us and one staff dude got on the floor and handed her a gratis rubber ducky! How cool is that?We'll be back the next time we hit the city. Thanks, Triton. You rock!	
Jul 25 2004	What a Fun Hotel!	A friend and I stayed at the Triton Hotel on 7/23/04. It is a great place to stay if you want a lively boutique hotel with friendly service. The beds were very comfy. Complimentary wine is served from 5pm to 6pm every evening in the lobby where guests gather to talk, get a massage, or have their Tarot cards read! We met people from all over the world. There was also live music. At 3pm and 8pm the hotel serves warm, delicious cookies! The staff were extremely accommodating giving us a later check-out time and happily answering our questions. This hotel is located within a few minutes of Union Square and right at the Gate to China Town and a short walk to North Beach. We also took one of the SF Library free tours and the Java Walk tour with Elaine Sosa, a lively, energetic and fun tour guide who showed us some cool coffee houses in the area ($20) and educated us with some interesting facts about the city.	
Jul 20 2004	Truly a fun experience	Spending a long weekend here was fantastic. The location was hard to beat as the actual gate of Chinatown was directly across the street! Easy walking distance to much that SF has to offer. The hotel had a free happy hour every evening with free wine and beer and a chance to mingle with other fun travellers. The rooms are small yet well furnished (where else can you find a vibrator in your honor bar). We can't imagine staying somewhere else when we return!	
Jun 26 2004	What a fun little hotel!	This place was great - friendly staff, funky decor, immaculate room.We stayed for 2 nights after 2 nights at the Vintage Court. The Triton was a huge improvement over the VC, and less expensive to boot! (okay, only $4/night less, but still!)We had an interior room with a comfortable queen bed. The only bad thing I will say is that the room was TINY. However, for 2 people it was fine - cozy in fact. The interior rooms don't offer anything in the way of a view, but it was extremely quiet. After 2 nights of looking over Bush St at the VC, we were happy to skip the view and get some rest!The wine/beer hour(s) were great fun - the one we attended had a tarot card reader and a complimentary 5 minute massage (or you could pay for more minutes) which was welcomed after walking up those hills all day. There are also two iJoy chairs in the lobby for an anytime revitalization stop!The location was great - right next to the chinatown gate and a quick walk to the cable car. I highly recommend the Triton, and I would stay there again.	
Jun 21 2004	Hotel stay...okay	My husband and I had a great time visiting the city, but the hotel was just okay. The room was smaller than we anticipated and dark, a courtyard room is not the way to go. We had a room that had an adjacent wall to the stairwell and a loud couple from upstairs, we could hear everything. It would be nice to have a refrigerator, but it was filled with overly expensive items if used were charged to your room, basically a ripoff. A coke that costs $2.98 for a can...it is safe to say that we did not utilize the fridge...and we could have used it. I ordered a piece of cheesecake and 1 scoop of ice cream from room service ...the cost was $18.95...ridiculous!! I guess it is better to bring along snacks and not to induldge...the price is just too high!!! The staff was nice and helpful planning a wine country tour and the hotel is centrally located. We had a great trip overall, but if we return in the future, we would not stay with this hotel again. 	
Jun 9 2004	Lots of Character	We (2 adults, 2 kids) stayed at the Hotel Triton in mid-May, in the Weyland suite. The room was good-sized, and we all liked the fish tank (though it was a bit bright during the night). The staff was friendly, helpful and attentive. They let us do late checkout with no problems. The location was ideal for us; we loved being near Chinatown and the cablecars, and not too close to (boring) Union Square. The morning coffee setup had a good selection, and REAL mugs, and the kids loved the evening cookies. We will definitely stay here agin.	
Jun 3 2004	Had a blast!	My boyfriend and I recently stayed at this hotel for four nights and we had a wonderful time. Not only is it perfectly situated across the street from China Town, but the staff was incredibly helpful and friendly. The rooms were amazing (ask for a corner room with a view). I will go back and stay here in a heartbeat!	
Jun 2 2004	Triton: Great Central Location.	We enjoyed our Memorial Day weekend stay at Hotel Triton! Saturday night we were assigned a TINY room.. with a double bed and a broken air conditioner. However, Sunday night were easily moved to a bigger room with a King bed and a working air conditioner. One other downside, even on a Sunday night, from the 5th floor, we could hear garbage trucks dumping glass bottles very early in the morning. However.. the hotel was centrally located for excursions into Chinatown and Union Square!	
Jun 1 2004	Yes that bad!	I visit San Francisco at least 10 times a year for business and I always stay at the Hotel Palomar which is under the hotel group, Kimpton. The Kimpton Group usually meets my standards when it came to Hotel Palomar or their restuarants. I decided that I would stay with the Hotel Triton because I saw all the great reviews coming from this site and when I checked their website I was impressed with their theme and their style. I was automatically greeted at the door. It was early morning and my eyes were focused on their breakfast set up (coffee, tea). No one was at the frontdesk. I waited for a couple of minutes so I got some coffee first. Once someone got there they were ready to get me out. Alright, I understand that it's fairly early and &quot;we&quot; have yet to wake up, but come on! The lady was too quick and I'm sure she wanted me out of there as fast as possible. I go up on one of their two elevators and go to the room. I had a great room with the most comfortable bed. The room was very simple with a splash of pizazz. I was satisfied with the rooms. Thoe housekeepers were very attentive and helpful with additional ammenities I requested. When I called downstairs for a wake-up call they didn't answer till I called the 3rd time. When I checked out a few days later in the morning I had the same young lady help me. She seemed to continue the same attitude as she did when I checked-in. A lot of blank stares and I felt as if I was pushed out. Throughout the day I the staff was perfect. If I decide to stay there again (not likely) I would come in the afternoon. I enjoyed the cookie!	
Apr 24 2004	Great Time	Stayed at the Triton on April 21st for 2 nights. We had a regular room with 2 double beds and the Jerry Garcia mini suite with a king bed and a pull out sofa. The regular room was small, but the bright colors made it appealling. The suite accommidated 2 adults and 2 children comfortable. The staff was extremely friendly and the wine and beer hour was fun and relaxing. They had a tarot card reader there ($15) and a chair massage available too. Great time had by all.	
Apr 13 2004	Fabulous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	The hotel Triton is Fabulous!!! It has a great location, right across from Starbucks and one of the gates to China Town.The staff is helpful and friendly, and the beds are the most comforatable beds in the world. The coffee in the lobby is great. We've also stayed in the Hotel Monaco which is very similar to the Hotel Triton because it's owned by the same company. This was our second stay at the Hotel Triton and we look forward to saying there again.	
Apr 1 2004	Fabulous!!	We stayed here during a conference, and I must say, we loved this little hotel. Location great, cocktail hour fabulous, staff really friendly, with great advice on restaurants and driving directions. Funky decor that is not too off the wall, just really neat. Rooms are small but very clean and comfortable. I have to agree with another reviewer about the street noise early in the mornings, but who wants to sleep in while in San Francisco. Too much to see to waste your time in bed. Overall amazing place to stay. We will stay there again!!	
Feb 10 2004	Fun Hotel!	We won a trip to San Francisco and our accomodations were for this hotel. Fun place! Decor colors and styles that I wouldn't think of putting together worked in this hotel. Gave it a fun upbeat atmosphere. Two elevators: one with a black light, and the other with a red light. Loved the red light! Very comfortable bed. Be aware European style means small rooms, but comfortable and decorated pretty wild. The staff was very attentive and helpful! They had a happy hour from 5 - 6 with free wine or beer for guests. The hotel is right across the street from the entrance to China Town. Only 3 blocks away from high end merchants for shopping. We caught the cable cars only 3 blocks away to go to Fisherman's Wharf. Very well located for tourists. We were only there overnight, but we highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 9 2004	The Triton Rocks!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Triton from January 23-26th and had the best time. We visit San Francisco often and the Triton is by far the best hotel we've ever stayed in.The rooms are on the small side but not at all oppressive or claustrophobic and the decor is really fun. The room we stayed in on the 3rd floor facing the inner courtyard was quiet, very clean and had great amenities.I think the best part about the Triton, however, is the staff. They were so cool, very kind and extremely helpful with directions, recommendations, etc... They also host a wine/beer reception thing in the evenings with a DJ, tarot reader and masseuse that was a really great way to start out the evening.In terms of value, location and service I don't think you can do any better than the Triton!!!	
Jan 16 2004	The most charming hotel	Hotel Triton has all the ingredients for a great boutique hotel. Rennovated old building with charms of the olden days but all the conveniences of the new. Lots of colors and art work from the inviting lobby to the blue tiled bathrooms, at least in our bathroom... Even the receptionist fit the hotel, funky but helpful. And it will be very difficult to find another place at this rate at this great location. We are definitely returning to Hotel Triton	
Oct 29 2003	Good location	When we arrived, discovered our internet booking thru an agent didn't appear in their reservation list. They were good enough to upgrade us from a Queen room to a King room at no extra charge to make up for it. Located just at the entrance of Chinatown &amp; close to Union Square made it a very convenient base for moving around the city.Room was funky all right. Found it a bit noisy with the traffic outside &amp; cooing pigeons on top of our aircon unit. The aircon was also rather noisy whenever the thermostat kicked in. The complimentary cookies were a nice touch though. If you don't mind the noise (or you could ask for a quiet room) the location is hard to beat for the price.	
Oct 6 2003	Like a Dieter SNL skit	First, the hotel is comfortable, the rooms are lovely, and the manager was tremendously friendly. The location is fantastic. The afternoon wine and complimentary massage is a really great touch, and the decor is fabulous.The front desk staff, though, needs to be reminded that they are not the casting directors for an MTV special. Try having a conversation with one. Oh, just try...for a laugh. You'll wonder if you've suddenly regressed into a past life where you only spoke Gaelic because they'll just stare at you like you've spoken gibberish. Example: Me: &quot;Hello! I like your glasses...very cool.&quot; Them: **silence** No, they will not chit chat. Nor will your friends ever be able to get a hold of you if you stay at this hotel, never, never, never not once. Never. There will be no messages for you even though you know, after finally seeing your friends for the first time in thirteen years, that they each called you an average of seven times and left messages, which makes a total of twenty-one calls simply disregarded by the front desk staff over a period of three days. Thanks.Then, to make matters a bit more cozy: Somewhere around 3 a.m., truck after truck backed up below our window.. *BEEEP BEEEEP BEEEP* and then dumped humongous truckloads of glass, which sounded like explosions, and then slammed slammed slammed the top of the dumpster. This happens nearly every fifteen minutes. Horrifying.However, I actually might consider staying there again, because I can't imagine that all experiences could be like this one. There is a lot to offer at this hotel and the staff can't be consistently this rude. And the manager really was so nice and kind that maybe the entire regular staff was out with a stomach virus and he had to call in a team of emergency replacements from the local Dieter School of Customer Service.	
Oct 3 2003	The Hotel Triton is the best!	This hotel is GREAT, the decor is wonderful, beautiful and funky artwork, this is definatly not a cookie cutter hotel! We stayed in the King Triton Suite and thought it was lovely. Very comfortable, clean rooms with comfy beds. The staff is exceptionally friendly &amp; the location can not be beat. The Hotel Triton is our favorite spot to stay in San Francisco!	
Aug 26 2003	noisy rooms at the Hotel Triton	My hubby and I stayed at the Hotel Triton last weekend. The decor was ultra cool, excellent location and the staff was nice enough. However, our room was very small and noisy. If you stay here be sure to ask for a quiet interior room so you can get some sleep!	
Aug 15 2003	Hotel Triton - trendy and centrally located		
Jul 22 2003	Beware of inner rooms		
Jul 14 2003	Never stay here!		
Jul 14 2003	Loved the Cute and Funky Triton!		
May 2 2003	Hotel Triton is THE BEST!		
Apr 9 2003	Nice and Hip		
Mar 4 2003	funky San Francisco!		
Jan 15 2003	Hotel Triton Rocks!		
Jan 3 2003	Very so-s0		
Sep 21 2001	Feels right in San Francisco		
Sep 21 2009 	Nos cobraron fianzas 300 dolares sin avisar lo devolvieron 15 dias despues de salir		
Apr 21 2009 	Muy bien situado y muy 'cool'		
Mar 22 2009 	tolles Hotel an idealer Lage		
Feb 3 2009 	La habitación orgánica lo mejor!		
Jan 6 2009 	Hotel sympa et original		
Jan 2 2009 	hotel super cool		
Nov 28 2008 	Hôtel très satisfaisant dans sa catégorie		
Sep 19 2008 	Una estancia notable buena atención y excelente ubicación...		
