	great location within a great budget	The Park Hotel is *the* place to consider if you're ever in San Francisco on a budget.The hotel is located in a very good neighborhood, right behind Union Square. The south entrance to Chinatown is just round the corner down the street.As a solo female traveler, I felt quite safe walking back to the hotel even in the later parts of the evening. The hotel also locks the main doors at night, so it's quite secure.The thing i loved the most was the old-fashioned elevator in this building. Of course, Rodel and his team were also very nice and accommodating people. On the first night I stayed here, I was given a room at the back of the building which faced a back lane. It got really noisy at night all the way till past 4am. The next morning, I decided to ask if they could give me another room and to my surprise, they did so without any questions!They also gladly advised me on which public transit routes to take whenever I wanted to get to some tourist spot. (I had my very own tour guide! what a bonus :)). Thanks for recommending Haight Ashbury to me, Rodel. It was a very charming area to visit.The next time I'm back in town, I'll be sure to stay here again.	
	Great location for a budget stay	The room I had was fairly basic and looked nothing like the photos on the web site. However, it was clean and appeared recently painted with all new bathroom fittings. It was a bit noisy at night though. Offsetting this was the extremely helpful attitude of the staff. I wasn't well on my stay and greatly appreciated having the use of my room until 4.30 PM before leaving for the airport. The location is excellent and not at all seedy. Union Square is just a few minutes walk away.	
Nov 20 2009 	aowsome	the manager is very kind. help us a lot of things .we stayed 8 days . just like in home.	
Oct 31 2009 	very very friendly staff	standing outside starbucks when a stranger offered assistance ( we looked really lost ) .our first impression of sf is &quot; very friendly people&quot;. To our surprise when we got back to the hotel...the same person that helped us earlier was working at the front desk. Everybody is very helpfull and will offer assistance in a heartbeat. They offered to keep our bags when we took a trip to yosemite. our 2nd time at the hotel was as wonderful as the first time. got a late check out and even have a shuttle van take us at the airport @ $9!!!!.we rate this hotel 5+++ star for the excellent customer service.	
Oct 30 2009 	Top Union Square location	The people at the reception desk were pleasant and helpful and they work such long hours too. Its in a fantastic location, close to bus, train, tram, shopping and even closed enough to walk to Pier 39 - about a 20 minutes walk. The room was clean and basic but more than adequate for our needs, the bed comfortable and big enough. Tv, fridge, shower and toilet were all functioning. Unfortunate our room was at back of the building and at night you can hear noise from the outside. One of the night we could hear people talking laughing in various languages till about 2am. Sounded like it backed onto an outdoor are of a backpacker. The sound just echo into the room like they were just right outside of the window. The other noise we heard were the showers &amp; plumbing as we were near the communal bathrooms.All and all we like the location, staff and price but dislike the noisy evenings but that not the fault of the hotel.Will recommend to others just make sure to get a room away from the back.	
Oct 28 2009 	Good value budget hotel	The Park is a basic but nice hotel right by Union Square. It's old but has been recently decorated, our room was simple but clean, quiet and comfortable. It had a fridge and TV (but only the bare minimum of channels). The staff were very friendly and helpful. The elevator is amazing and was probably installed when the hotel was first built! There are plenty of places to eat and drink nearby.The Park is well located and good value for a budget hotel in the centre of San Francisco.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great amenities and service but a bit overpriced..	Park hotel is located in Union Square and very close to the Chinatown gate. It is close to shopping, convenient transportation (Bart/muni station is only 2 blocks away, plenty of buses on Market Street). The people at the front desk were extremely helpful, one of the managers actually gave me his bus transfer when I asked which bus to take to get to a certain location. I have never been to a hotel with such great treatment, even 4-5 star hotes don't offer that warm of a welcome.The rooms were very clean, I had plenty of clean towels that were changed every day, along with clean bed sheets. There's also soap bars, shampoo and lotion in the little cabinet above the sink, and the shared bathroom and shower room are very well maintained. A few comments addressed the issue of smell in the hotel, and I must say that when I first got there it also hit me, but I got used to it after the first 30 minutes there and it did not bother me at all during the rest of my stay. It is not a bad smell, it's just an old building/disinfected place kind of smell, which is not surprising considering how old this building is. Although I was satisfied with my stay overall, I do have a couple of complaints. I was placed in room 524 (I think) at first, and the tenants next door were being extremely loud. They were playing loud music at night, and one of them was arguing and yelling over the phone between 10pm and 2am nonstop, I could not get any sleep. I think these guys actually reside in the hotel. My first night there was horrible due to that, I was tired from a long trip and they would not keep it down. Considering that the front desk closes early, I was unable to complain until the next morning, so I had to tough it out with the noise throughout the night. I reported the issue the very next morning, and I was pleasantly surprised with how accommodating the staff were, and they gave me a new quiet room right away (room 500). They apologized and said they would talk to the noisy people, and I got another apology when checking out (from a different receptionist). This hotel is great considering its location and great service. It is a bit expensive considering that it is nothing too fancy, but that might also be due to the fact that I came on a busy weekend (Treasure Island Festival and Nike's women's marathon in Union Square were both taking place that weekend), and San Francisco is an overpriced city anyway. So I guess it's not that bad of a deal in terms of value. As a solo female traveler, it felt safe, hospitable, and I had no problem walking back to my room late at night, the area isn't shady (doesn't mean you shouldn't use common sense!). I would definitely stay there again in the future, and make sure I ask for a quiet room right away.	
Oct 25 2009 	Warning - Avoid this hotel!	Yuck! This has been by far the worst hotel we have stayed in in North America - technically not sure its even a hotel as residents live here. Within 10 minutes of being in the room we found some type of cockroach walking on our table. When it was killed and presented to the guy at the desk we were informed there was 'a problem' with them and the room was sprayed, although I still received various bite marks throughout the night. The hallways and bathrooms smelled weird, and some resident was obviously smoking in the building, we had a lovely view of a brick wall, and the front desk is open no later than 10.30 PM after which every resident in the building was left to their own devices. We attempted to find a new hotel to stay but all were either booked out or too expensive.Pros - The manager was a nice, helpful guy and location is very convenient for Union Square and the hustle and bustle of San Francisco.	
Oct 19 2009 	Very Comfortable Hotel	With the Park Hotel in San Francisco I found an economic but very good hotel, very well located (in a nice zone), an excelent service (friendly staff, from the front desk to the cleaning people). Old but nice, comfortable and clean. For shure I would come back to this Hotel. Thanks again to all workers. PS: The only thing I would sugest is security boxes in the rooms.Ramón (from México)	
Oct 12 2009 	Gr8 Location and Manager just off Union Sq	Located on Sutter St, off Grant this efficient, clean,well-managed property is perfect to base from.Manager RodeL adds much hospitality,knowledge and friendship to hotel.FREE Interness Access, Laundry on Premises,Vending Macnine, FREE Local Calls	
Oct 7 2009 	Great city great Location !	We enjoyed our stay in the heart of San Francisco very much, okay the room was a bit small, but we knew that. If you find a cheap spot to park your car for a few days (ask the people at the reception), you can move around easily by foot. The hotel is close to Chinatown and all the bus/tram-stops to see other parts of the city are nearby. There are a lot of shops and restaurants in the neighbourhood, everything within walking distance.If we go to S.F. again, we will stay here again.	
Sep 30 2009 	OK if it is all that you can find	There are much better budget hotels in SF (The Mosser, for example), but sometimes the good places are booked and you really want to be in San Francisco but just can't afford anything more expensive. The Park is supposedly a &quot;former&quot; apartment building -- but I think it is really still half SRO and half hotel rooms. I was safe here, but this won't ever be my choice of a place to stay. If you've been on budget trips to Paris/London, etc. this is similar to what you've probably found there -- old, slightly depressing, simply a place to lay down at night and hope you don't get rolled. THE GOOD STUFF: - You're in a great location for Chinatown, Union Square, theaters, restaurants (nice wine bar on the corner, several great coffee shops... )- Sometimes the price is good (I paid $80 last weekend and that was TOO much -- at the rate of $60 or less this is a good deal).- There are toiletries and glasses -- you just don't see them in the open (peek in the medicine cabinet over the sink).- There's a nice work desk.- They have a coin operated laundry on the first floor along with vending machines and one computer for using the internet.- The wi-fi in the rooms is free and fairly fast.THE NOT SO GOOD STUFF:- The desk closes at 1am and is often closed at other times of the day. If you have problems at those times, you're out of luck.- No chain on the door interior, although there is a peep hole. - No air conditioning or fan; heat is an old fashioned steam heat system.- TV is local channels only and there is no remote control.- Toilet and shower are down the hall/shared.- If you leave food/drink out, you'll find fruit flies -- but there is a small refrigerator.	
Sep 23 2009 	Good location - good value for money	I stayed in this hotel for up to two weeks in June of this year while on a study trip to SF. The hotel couldn't be better value for money given it's excellent location (just around the corner from Union Square and China Town). The free internet is a bit hit and miss and the rooms facing the street can be a little noisy but the staff were friendly and helpful and the rooms generally spacious and clean. It's a basic hotel but if you are looking for something practical, safe and well price in the centre of SF the Park Hotel is ideal.	
Aug 25 2009 	smelly-2nd floor carpet manky	We stayed on the second floor with a shared bathroom (which was mentioned in the reservation in fairness.)What was unacceptable was the smell in the room and the corridor-I had to sleep with a bandana over my mouth it was so musty.The carpet has not been cleaned for YEARS!!!Sticky,smelly,yuck.Cheap at 85 after tax but Galleria park hotel down the road much better value.	
Aug 24 2009 	Wonderfully located	Wonderful location. Safe. Reasonably priced. Not fancy but clean. Friendly staff. Free internet.Incredible elevator.	
Aug 16 2009 	A No-Frills Bargain	This place has the feel of a youth hostel. It reminded me of a 100-year-old apartment house that has had few updates, but which has been kept reasonably clean. The elevator is an &quot;old-fashioned&quot; kind with two doors (one glass, the other a sliding &quot;fence&quot;) that you have to struggle to hold open with one hand, while you try to drag your bags in with the other. The floors creak, the furniture looks like it is from a college student's dorm room, and the &quot;cable TV&quot; gets maybe four local channels. There was some thumping music in the night that was a bit annoying. Nevertheless, for the money (I paid approx. $86/night, including taxes + $26/day to park in a multi-storey parking garage across the street), I thought it was a bargain, especially given its location. I saw no roaches or rats, and the room seemed pretty clean. I would definitely stay there again, if I am trying to keep costs down.	
Jul 31 2009	Some value in San Fran!	My brother and I had the pleasure of staying here for almost a week, it was very reasonable at 70 bucks a night for an ensuite room. The room had cable tv, the bathroom was clean, free internet access downstairs along with a basic kitchen. It has a great location (just off union square) and the staff are really helpful and friendly, the two guys that worked the front desk were only too willing to help with directions, things to do etc. We had a late bus to catch from san fran and there was no problem with bag storage and we were even left use our old room to have a shower before we caught out bus. As a backpacker this was a real bonus. A cracking place to stay if you are on a budget!	
Jul 24 2009 	Great Place to Stay in Central Union Square	Very pleased and stayed for 6 days this past week. Rented room with private bath. Rooms very clean and up-to-date. Bathroom VERY clean. Room VERY clean. Bedspread and carpet new. Sparten but functional. Had a mini-fridge, great for beer! Didn't offer many towels but give them when you ask without complaint. Don't expect HBO....limited to about 7 channels, only networks and FOX, but who cares when you are there to see the town? Convenient to public transportation and two blocks from Chinatown. Would definitely use this hotel again. Even the coke/candy machines were reasonable at only $1 each!	
Jul 18 2009 	great	awesome place to stay in, the location is very close to union square and the price is reasonable. the toliet in our room wouldn't flush but luckily my friend and i were only staying there for one night.	
Jun 30 2009 	Good budget htel in great location	Good budget hotel near Chinatown &amp; SF's Union Square shopping district. Only $64 per night and even with SF's outrageous 15% tax, my total for 3 nights was only $217. For that price, you usually do not have a private toilet &amp; shower, but I received an upgrade from the manager, since my room wasn't ready when I arrived - which they didn't have to do since I arrived an hour before the stated check-in time of 2 P. M. Incudes free Wi-Fi in the rooms, a limited cable TV selection and a small refrigerator. The somewhat small &amp; cramped lobby does include a microwave &amp; a house computer for those without their own. It's not fancy, but it's clean and has all the basic requirements for my needs.	
Jun 26 2009 	Good Location 	We had a great time staying at this hotel, First of all, it's clean though the room is small. The hotel staff, Mr Rodel, is very helpful. He has also given us a very good deal for staying in the hotel. The location of this hotel is just 2 blocks away from Powell St, so it's really convenient for sightseeing &amp; shopping. Free internet usage too. Highly recommended to those who are on a budget who doesn't mind a 2 star hotel.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great stay - perfect value for money	I can recommend this hotel to everyone who is looking for a budget accommodation with a great location, great staff and service. The manager Rodel takes every customer's whish very serious and is committed to realize a lovely stay for everyone. Of course, it's not a 5 star hotel, but the rooms are clean, nice and friendly furnished. I was travelling with my boyfriend, stayed in the park hotel for a week and couldn't wish for a better accommodation. You reach the market street within 5 minutes by feet (with all the great shops), the famous China Gate is just around the corner. A nice and secure area near the financial district. I felt safe and welcome the whole time. All in all a great deal!	
May 29 2009 	Cheap Comfortable and Convenient	I stayed 5 nights and this hotel exceeded my expectations (which I admit were modest). My room was clean and spacious. The shared bathroom facilities were kept clean and I never had to wait to use them. The included wifi internet was of reasonable speed. The highlights were the great location - easy access to public transport, a very short walk to Chinatown and Market St in what felt like a very safe area - and the friendly and accommodating staff. They acknowledged me with a smile whenever I walked past and were quite happy to let me leave my luggage in my room well past check-out time due to my late night flight from San Francisco.Some street noise and occasional noise from hallways and adjacent rooms were very minor annoyances and easily ignored.	
May 24 2009 	A tourist-friendly hotel in the midst of everything!	The hotel staff specially Rodel was very kind, compassionate, and helpful to us in all the 6 days that we stayed. First time for my family to go to San Francisco and my wife and 2 kids enjoyed every moment that we stayed in the hotel. Spacious room and bathroom, free internet, and very kind staff. For those looking for a budget family hotel at the midst ofanything and everything... I will truly recommend this hotel.	
May 18 2009 	good location good price 	I stayed more than 2 weeks. there are a lot of hotels around Union Square, i selected Park Hotel because of its good location and good price. The manager, Rodel, was very kind and helpful. He helped me to settle my luggages down and make a reservation for shutle bus with discount. Another young guy there was very nice,too. but if your room is next ot the doors, its noisy at midnight sometimes.	
Jan 19 2009 	4 star service of a 1 star hotel	I requested a room with wifi and they gave me a list of WIFI keys and passcode. When I checked the signal the following day it was TERRIBLY WEAK. In my haste to go down and complain I left my rooms keys and got locked out!!! What made matters worst was that the front desk open up at 8 am ( it was 6:30 am) A guest came in and I asked him if he can let me use his phone,but he did not have one. He told me that the manager is right around the corner and will coming in momentarily. The manager ( ordel ) greeted me and I informed him what happened... he apologized and opened the front desk ( around 6:40 am) he not only gave me my room key but also one of his coffee( which I happilly accepted ) When I came down Ordel offered me another room and this time it was one of the few got an internet plug. My weeks stay in the hotel was very pleasant becasue of the people who are helpful and ready to give you assistance when needed.	
Jan 14 2009 	All you need	I have been to San Francisco many times and stay almost always in Park Hotel. The reason was, what I really need is a clean room with internet close to the center (mainly Moscone Center). The Park Hotel is clean and extremely affordable and I can have breakfast on my morning way. It's very personal after a few days you now all the employees by name and they remember you when you come back. Any problem you have they instantly work on.Last time my girl friend dropped a glove to fall down under the elevator. I didn't want to get anyone working for that but Rodell and his team went through a lot of effort and high risk just to get the glove back. Thanks guys!The most remarkable experience was last time my boss payed for the Intercontinental for the first three days and I stayed in the park hotel afterwards. The price difference was five fold. The Intercontintental is is luxurious and everything, but for the things I really care for there was no advantage. I could sleep well in both, both were clean. The Intercontinental had the nicer soap but the Park Hotel has free WiFi (Intercontinental $14,95/day).So if you don't need something over-fancy this is my recommendation. (you might want to think if your style is more shared bathroom or private though)	
Jan 8 2009 	Very nice location very helpful service and satisfying facilities	We stayed in Park hotel for 7 days. First of all we chose it because of its location. But later we found it has more than that. The manager Rodal is very helpful. He tried to help whatever we needed. The services of front desk were more satisfying than in the 4 star hotels I stayed. For the price we paid, the room was above our expectation. Spacious and with almost everything - fridge, tv, free wireless. The room was very cozy, with nice heating. If you are a budget traveler you can just buy ready food from supermarket, they have microwave and oven to heat up. The hotel is near every essencial transportation spot and shops. We were there for conferences, and we found it very convenient to go to every other hotel. For the people who want to do a lot of shoppings, it is in a perfect location, few steps away from Macy's, Victoria's secret, Nine west, Coach..... It is also close to China town and all famous restaurants. I definately recommend it to people who want to choose a hotel with good location and good service.	
Dec 22 2008 	Scabies infection.	I stayed at the Park Hotel for a week and contracted a scabies infection from dirty sheets and/or towels. The hotel would do nothing about it when I talked to them. Do not stay here... I did not mind a few cockroaches, but the scabies are disgusting.	
Dec 13 2008 	Very good location Nice service	I love the location. It was very close to everything. Also clean normal room. Cute small Lobby, free internet access also free computer too. I really like front desk girl who's Nikki. She was so help full, nice and friendly for us. I will stay there for sure next time. Also not expensive and clean area. Thank you	
Oct 23 2008 	good location but...	the location is great, just around the corner from union square and as others have said great for access all around san francisco. we did not have any problems with the staff - they were able to give us directions that we needed for travelling around. however, the hotel could have been cleaner. there was a definite smell in the corridor, which was there the whole 5 days of our stay. there were also many times that we went into the bathroom and there was a bit of a 'yuck' moment, as they were not that clean. there was also a problem with toilet blockage. on the plus side they do have free internet access.	
Sep 10 2008	Good location - Bad Service	The hotel is in the middle of Financial District . That is a nice place so you can reach every point in San francisco easily. the hotel is avarege . neither the girl at the lobby nor his chinese manager knows english so it was hard to communicate and understood . the hallway was smelling so terrible that we were try not to breath for a while until we reach our rooms . the price is valuable ; location is good . but thats all .	
Jul 25 2008 	Because of location only	It wasn't quite bad overall - Park hotel on Sutter Street SF is rather nice. The property is charming early XXth century building not very large situated amazingly - right in the middle of everything in San Francisco, well better location in this city is not just existing. All attractions or shopping areas are easily reached by feet except some very far ones like Golden Gate Bridge &amp; Park or Presidio.Average night fare is not cheap, I have to say even overpriced as compared to same level accomodations in other places (even European cities, I wouldn't even go as far as Asian ones). The hotel is on the edge of being acceptable from the point of view of: cleanliness (be not surprised to notice a smashed cockroach on the wall near reception area), room comfort (my room had 2 huge windows right around the bed which is bad fengshui I believe...), but mostly because of catastrophic noise factor - you hear EVERYTHING - from nearest tenants' activities to all the sounds from outside (24hours without any quiet break), don't even think about falling asleep without earplugs, even they do not help completely.So if even I visit SF again I'll choose maybe less central location but in more quiet area or I'll pay more for a hotel of high quality chain with certain soundproof windows &amp; walls.	
Apr 20 2008	good location fair price	We stayed 3 nights at the Park. The building is old, the furniture is too, but it's clean and freshly painted. We originally booked a room with no bath, guy on reception upgraded us to a room including bath free of charge, the fact that the new room was on the 2nd and not the 5th floor as the original was, was a bonus too, even though the hotel has a lift.Room includes a TV, but no phone. We didnt have a scenic view, we had a view of a tatty alleyway but no matter - we didnt come to SF to stay in the hotel.One night (tuesday) was noisy with drum and bass coming from somewhere very close by - again, no big problem, we are savvy and always carry earplugs.Wireless Internet is free, they also have a pc downstairs near the lobby. A vending machine/microwave is also located downstairs.Guy on reception was helpful, even pointing out areas we should avoid etc. The hotel is a block and a half away from the powell st cable car lines.All in all, a good choice for the budget traveller!	
Mar 11 2008	Perfect Location Decent Room Great Service	Firs let me say that if not for &quot;RODEL&quot; the manager, I wouldve looked for another hotel. This guy is great in his service and helping people out. The location is perfect in going around Downtown Sanfrancisco. Hotel is pretty decent for its price. But if you are willing to share 1 toilet and bath on one floor, I had mine changed for a room with its own bathroom of a couple of bucks extra.	
Feb 23 2008 	Good location basic accomodation	The location is excellent and the hotel is decent. The room was clean but looked a bit run-down (for example, the window was hard to open and the door a litte rickety). The sheets and blankets were old and we were not so sure they were clean. Sharing bathrooms was ok. They were mostly clean even though they, too, look a bit old. Park hotel is a good choice if you want to stay in a really central place for a low price. The hotel felt safe, the front-desk service was good and the use of internet was free. However, if cleanliness, new furniture and a private bathroom is what you're looking for, stay some place else.	
Feb 20 2008 	Best dive ive stayed at in Frisco...	One could consider the Park Hotel to be a upscale Dive Hotel in a good area of the city...The cock roaches were tuxedos and the rats only nibble on very expensive cheese...A very classy place to stay for a few measly bucks..Only complaIint being that nobody at the front desk or the cleaners speak the lingo..(i.e English)...Party central ..Good for anybody to stay at,Including cheap skate tight wad executives which there are quite a few..A good place to learn the asian language as a lot of the guests are going to a english school in the city from asia to learn english ! Everbody in the hotel has dated Ruby and the Cleaners...3 stars....	
Feb 2 2008 	Decent basic lodging but expect the Ritz	The Park Hotel is really quite the value. Bare bones price, and a great location. The person at the desk, a foreign student, was enthusiastic and pleasant.However, along with the bare bones price is a bare bones room. Not much in the way of furniture other than basics. Bathroom and shower are shared affairs. Yes, it gets a little noisy. Parking is non-existent—you park at the commerical garage across the street which was $26 a night.Yet on the plus side, the room was reasonably spacious, carpet was new, walls were newly painted, sheets were clean, mattress was good. Miniture TV was iffy.With accomodations so reasonably inexpensive, you'd think the place would be populated with the wrong sort of folks. On the contrary, the clientale ranged from upscale to casual dressing. This is a respectable, clean, and safe place to lodge.It's okay to stay here. Just remember though, this is budget lodging, and as such has almost no amenities.	
Dec 14 2007 	Basic hotel great location friendly staff but some concerns	I booked a 4-night stay at the Park Hotel in the interim between moving into my new apartment in SF. Calling ahead, I requested a renovated, quiet room. The Union Square area is ideal for shopping, nightlife, etc. but I found the hotel to be extremelely noisy (street music and nightclub next door) and wound up seeking alternate accomodations.The room: Relatively spacious, basic accomodations with sink, fridge, and shared bathroom facilities. I could not locate a shower on the first floor and the restroom I did use was small and not well maintained. Television offered less than 10 channels. Double-sized bed in the room I rented.The hotel: Very basic appointments, internet in lobby, wifi access, laundry facilities, commons area, and vending. Beware of some resident &quot;characters.&quot; The staff: Extremelely helpful and sympathetic. Ruby (the girl working) understood my situation and refunded my money.	
Nov 2 2007 	good experience	The price was mid way for charges in the heart of San Francisco Bay area. Hotel even though old, the elevator a unique experience and still working extremelly well even though it is old.Rodel the person who took my bookings was extremely friendly and helpful. Marked on a map the unsafe areas to go, when I wanted to see something or shop somewhere he was very helpful with directions. He is a marvel and makes the hotel stay a pleasant one.During my first stay the room was quiter than my stay in November. If booking a room try to get one to the side of the hotel and not at the back.Hotel it situated in an awesome location. handing to everything and within easy walking distance to China Town, Union Square, Powel Street Cable car and other attractions.	
Oct 12 2007 	Very decent - great location	We stayed here for 4 nights in September after arriving in the USA from Australia. The hotel was in a great location - the guy at the front desk was very helpful. He gave us a large new room on level 4 with a fridge. The beds were comfortable and we had a private bathroom. Awesome value for the price - free internet downstairs is great.Would stay again. Not the flashest place - it is very basic but it's got all you need!	
Oct 12 2007 	Great low cost hotel	Stayed here for 2 weeks in September, thought the hotel offered great value for money. A good location from where to explore the city and friendly staff who are happy to help in giving directions. Clean and tidy, though we shared the bathroom and toilet, this was not a problem. Good if you are on a budget and don't mind not having all the usual hotel frills, room can with TV and fridge.	
Aug 25 2007	Great price incredible location	Went at the Park Hotel on Sutter Street for a week visit in San Francisco. The location is incredible, just by Union Square, at the gates of China Town. Of course, there aren't many ameneties here, but you are there to visit the city right? You won't get to spend many waken hours in your hotel room, as there is much to see and do in San Francisco, especially if you are, like us, only there for a week.The room was clean, service was actually quite friendly, but we did run into an incident with a visitor over there... My girlfriend got into an argument with a strange man using the computer, he started to insult her, screaming at her and making racist comments (we are French Canadian). He had something very scary about him, enough to terrorize my girlfriend. The guy was thrown out, but my girlfriend did not want to stay there anymore. Well, the guy at the front desk was nice enough to trade our room with another of their affiliated hotels (The Spaulding Hotel), just on the other side of Union Square. After visiting the room over there, in a matter of minutes, everything was solved and we didn't let that event spoil our vacation.That's enough for the anecdotal part of my review!So all in all, great location, great price and it's not in the dodgy Tenderloin area, so it should definitely be the first choice for the budget traveler.	
Jun 21 2007 	Great Hotel	Outstading service, good location and great place to stay in San Francisco. Will return!	
May 10 2007 	Great place to stay!	Staff were extremely friendly and helpful and provided us with plenty of relevant info. Rooms were comfortable and affordable. Would definitely stay there again!	
Jan 5 2007 	Great location but lacking	I stayed at Park Hotel for 3 nights as a stopover in San Francisco. I wanted something central, and the hotel certainly had that going for it - it is walking distance to pretty much all the shopping you'd want, and transport to other areas. The guy who checked me in, Rodel, was nice and helpful. While I checked in he circled on the provided map where NOT to go while I was walking around the city (which I appreciated!) and gave me directions to the pier I needed to be at for an Alcatraz tour. He also gave me the password for wireless internet, but unfortunately the in-room wireless internet offered on the website is purely false advertising. I was initially told that the bullet proof glass that made up the doors that closed off the lobby at night blocked the reception; however, wireless internet did not work during the day when those doors were open and I was later told by the front desk (and other guests) that wireless internet did NOT work in any of the rooms. In the lobby, there was one computer provided, but getting use of it was difficult as some residents use it constantly. The room did not have a fan or air conditioning - I had to open the road-side window to try and cool the room down which made sleeping at night with the traffic noise a slight problem. The bathroom facilities were very good - nice shower and sufficient towels provided. There was no phone in the room, rather one in the main lobby right next to the computer. The lobby itself was pretty grotty The girl on the front desk on the night shift did help me out printing a tour reservation, but it was quite an effort to get her to do so.	
Oct 9 2006	okay but afew letdowns	stayed at the Park for three nights ... First off, the staff at the front desk were quite nice and it is located in a superb location given the price ... I had another friend who stayed in another room while I was there ... Her room was big and spacious ... basically a nice room for the price ... our room however was anything but ... very small and not nice to look at ... It was relatively clean but considering we were paying the same price, my room looked really bad compared to my friends .... the shared bathrooms however were not that nice or clean .... this really let down the hotel .... the lock on the door was also quite flimsy ...if you are on a budget, i would recomend this hotel but only by requesting one of the newer rooms in the hotel ... i wouldn't recomend staying in one of the older rooms ....	
Jul 28 2006 	average cheap hotel great location	The Park Hotel is in an excellent location, right in the heart of downtown. A few minutes walk from shopping, cablecar turn around, BART and Chinatown and a reasonable walk to North Beach restaurants. There were previous reports of cockroaches online before our stay and this was a problem, although the place was not overrun with them. We saw about 4 in our 2 week stay. The hotel did have pest control in twice whilst we were there, and are obviously aware of the problem. The place is reasonably clean for a budget hotel although your room is not cleaned everyday. The room we stayed in was large for the price and had a fridge and a TV as well as a desk. The value for money on this place was brilliant and the staff were friendly and helpful. My only real concern were the bugs! The hotel also provides free internet access, a laundry and has a microwave and vending machines downstairs. The desk shuts at 1am so you can't check in 24hrs. If they managed to conquer the roaches this hotel would be a brilliant budget place to stay in the heart of an expensive city.	
Jun 16 2006 	Fair	I stayed at the Park Hotel for 4 nights due to a conference.The staff at the hotel were friendly and pleasant.The room was spacious; double bed, TV, wardrobe, desk and washing basin.In general the room was clean and tidy. However, I found that by the second day, small cockroaches were crawling around the wash basin and around the door. Each time there were about 2/3 of them! I did not make a complaint since it was a budget hotel after all and I was not staying long.The communal shower room was not very clean and ventilation inside was poor.Overall, just about acceptable when on a budget.	
Nov 13 2009 	Hotel sencillobien situado con buen servicio y a un precio honesto.		
Oct 28 2009 	Sauberes günstiges Hotel		
Sep 28 2009 	Buona posizione ma....		
Sep 22 2009 	Nicht zu empfehlen für Menschen mit Abneigung gegen Bedbugs!		
Sep 6 2009 	???????		
Aug 6 2009 	Muy centrico bien de precio aunque con cucarachas en el baño		
Jul 26 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Apr 12 2009 	Limpio sencillo y perfectamente ubicado.		
Oct 26 2008 	allez ailleurs...si vous le pouvez		
Sep 15 2008 	Fue todo un acierto alojarnos en este hotel!		
Jun 19 2008 	hotel à la hauteur de son prix		
Oct 11 2006 	Buena situación y adorables cucarachas		
