Oct 5 2009 	Not so clean but fair for the price	I decided to stay in this motel despite the bad reviews in this site, because of the price, the free parking and internet. The room is very small but if you are going to stay out all day, it´s not such a bad place, but the it could be cleaner. The towels of the bathroom look old and very used, and the ventilation of the bathroom was very disgusting because we could see a lot of dust inside and you start wondering if you are breathing that...Also, the air conditioning didn´t work and the room stayed very stuffy. Besides that, the location is very good and if you are looking for a cheap motel and if you don´t mind to take your own towels it´s OK.	
Oct 2 2009 	We were scared about the hotel due to bad reviews but it was a pleasant surprise!	We searched for a budget hotel with parking included for our 2 day stay in SF. A bit skeptical, we decided to check the rooms in Greenwich inn, and what a pleasant surprise!! We got room 36 in the corner of the second floor. The room was very spacious and it looked renewed. The bathroom was specially nice, with a ceiling window and natural light. The location of this hotel is great and for the price (76$ +tax with parking included) you cannot ask for more!The only issue was the paperwalls through which you could hear the neighbors. If you are concern about the reviews, drive by and have a look!The staff was not especially nice, but no big deal.Firefighters live close by but we didn't hear anything at night during our stay.Do not forget to dine in:The classical Thailand cuisine restaurant andMel's drive in 100 meters down in Lombard street (chicken pot pie!)!	
Sep 30 2009 	Our stay at the Greenwich Inn was OK!	We stayed at the Greenwich Inn from September 25-27, 2009. We requested a lower level room and they honored that request. We were in room 16 and it was clean and had a refrigerator which was cool. The bathroom was clean but there was NO counter space. Also you may want to bring your own wash cloths, they didn't seem to have any. The Queen size bed was comfortable. The size of the room was adequate for my husband and I. There was free parking provided. The worst thing was the heater, it was so noisy we turned it off. It was a good thing the weather was still warm. It maybe a problem in the winter months though, I don't know how anyone could sleep through the noise. It is on a busy road with a fire station nearby. The Greenwich Inn is in a great location, within a walking distance to the marina. It’s only a five-minute walk to the Palace of Fine Arts, Exploratorium, Fort Mason and the Presidio. The hotel is 10 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf, Ghirardelli Square, the Cannery and Pier 39. You can walk or take public transit, located across the street from the hotel, to reach these locations in about 10 minutes. It is in a good safe location. Mel's Diner is right around the corner and has great food. Ihop is nearby too. Safeway is only a few blocks away. There is also a great Deli right across the street. For the price we paid I think we got a good value. I would stay there again.	
Aug 24 2009 	This is allright for a night's stay if you don't expect a lot!	This place has gone downhill since being sold recently. We have stayed here previously as we have relatives living nearby. It's well located and with parking available (tight spaces provided). Up to the recent sale, I'd say it was well worth the price (under $100 per night). We've stayed here after the sale and it was awful. Rooms were musty, bed linens were torn. Our room only had one set of towels, when we asked for more, the request was not politely received. They need to raise the standard back or give it back to the previous owners.	
May 30 2009 	Don't go there in cold weather!!!	On this trip we were on a very tight budget so we booked in Greenwich Inn.The Inn is in a great location (nearby to trendy restaurants) and within a walking distance to the marina!For the price that we stayed there I am not going to complain about the size of the room and since it was adequately furnitured it was fine by me but it was quiet dirty and it had a constant smell. But the worst thing of all was the heating. Even though it was end of May it was very cold in SF and with all the humidity we had to use the heating but it was so NOISY that we couldn't even talk to each other or listen to tv, let alone to sleep. So at night we had to turn it off and I could hardly sleep as it was so chilly in the room. Don't go there in winter!!!I will agree with other reviewers that is on a noisy road with lot of alarms from the fire station nearby	
Oct 17 2008 	Good for SF standards	The Greenwich Inn is a good motel considering it is in San Francisco. It could do with a little more parking space though... Room and bathroom were very clean and the bed was comfortabel. Great shower btw! The owner was welcoming, but nothing more than that.The walls are pretty thin, so be prepared for some traffic noise during the night, especially when the fire trucks depart from the fire department right around the corner!It is located in a nice neighbourhood with lots of cosy shops, but is a pretty long walk from downtown San Francisco or Fisherman's Wharf/Pier 39. Take the car or public transportation (which is cheap!) to get there.WiFi available, but you need to ask for the password first!Overall we enjoyed our two-night-stay here.	
Oct 16 2008 	Good location good price but not very clean	+: The location is convenient, close to several shopping streets, felt safe.+: Free parking (limited number of places, but we had no problem), free internet, coffee machine.+: Cheap enough-: The room had a bad smell that wouldn't disappear, it wasn't very clean (I never walked bare feet on the dirty carpet), it is small and there is no place to hang the towels.+: they changed the towels and made the bed everyday.All in all, we don't spend much time in the room, so we would stay there again.	
Oct 15 2008 	Shitty old motel	The owner of the motel comes from India or Pakistan so the whole motel smells like old curry. The rooms are dirty and it is damn loud in the night because there is a fire department in the street and the firefighters alert few times a night. Don´t go there, there are better motels in San Francisco for the same price.	
Sep 21 2008 	Absolutely OK!	Ideal for a short trip in SF.Free parking and Wifi. Good neighborhood. Shops, Restaurants, Bus etc. around. Last but not least it`s cheap.We would come again.	
Sep 18 2008 	A fair budget motel	We stayed at Greenwich Inn during our first visito to San Francisco. It is in a convenient location if you arrive by car. The motel has a reasonable amount of parking. Moreover it is very close to Lombard St. where you can find lot of places for a breakfast or a dinner if you don't want to go far. Mel's drive inn (just two black from the motel) would be a good choice.I've been in Frisco only twice (one at Greenwich Inn and one in another Motel) so I'm not a great expert of motel prices here. However, considering it was during a week-end and comparing the Greenwich Inn to the other motel we used during our second visit, I can say that Greenwich Inn has a good price vs. quality ratio.Rooms were clean and we had no complaint.	
Sep 3 2008 	Good value good location	Clean motel with free parking in a lovely neighbourhood. Location close to busy streets as Lombard or Chestnut, and at walking distance (if you like walking) of Fisherman's Warf. Public transportation easily available. The only negative thing was that the heater in the room was quite noisy.	
Sep 2 2008 	No air in the room	No air is the feeling you get entering the room. To be honest a mildew smell was the impression. Especially after spending the whole day around the city.It is very well located. Near the Golden Gate, Marina and North point. It's cheap but I didn't feel relaxed to sleep in that room. The cover didn't look clean. Maybe just an impression but.....So I recommend only if you don't pass many time in the room and want to spend as cheap as possible still taking advantage of the good location	
Jun 26 2008 	Excellent location and quiet place to stay in SF!	We stayed there respectively 3 and 1 nights this month and we can highly recommend this motel: kind and helpfull man who runs the motel. Clean place and above all close to all locations you want to visit, either by walking or taking a bus. One block away from the noisy Lombard street and consequently a lot quieter to sleep! We payed an average of 97 USD tax incl. per night for the first 3 nights and only 73 USD tax incl. for the last night with a coupon. Only one disadvantage: when the motel is full there is not enough parking! Anyway, we can highly recommend this affordable motel and would choose it again.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great location in San Francisco	Great location in Cow Hollow near the Marina distrtict in San Francisco close to many good restaurants and shops. Convenient deli right across the street. The internet connection was shaky and the room was small but clean. Service was not overly friendly. Very reasonable rates along with free parking. Overall, the Greenwich Inn is an excellent value for the price.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great value!	I'd strongly recommend this hotel for a great budget hotel in San Francisco. Great location, safe, nice staff. Not fancy, or lots of space but if you are there to visit the city or work...you can't beat the price!	
May 27 2008 	Great for the Price	I was very happy with my stay at the Greenwich Inn. the staff was very friendly and helpful and my room was very clean. This is a great place to stay for the budget conscious traveller, but if you are looking for extra amenities or luxury, this is not the place for you.Pros: PRICE, location (very near the shops and restaurants on Chestnut and close to Golden Gate Bridge), friendly staff, clean rooms, FREE Parking, ample parkingCons: rooms are small, no telephone, thin walls. It is a quite neighborhood and I felt safe, but due to the thin walls you can hear the street traffic at times. If you are a light sleeper or in need of major relaxation, this could be a definite issue.	
May 16 2008 	Very inexpensive place to stay in San Francisco	Read the previous reviews before I booked this place so I knew what to expect. Paid only US$64 per night. I stayed 2 week nights. Towels were clean, Bedsheets were a little stained. Toilet seat was a bit old. Did not experience any bed bugs or see any cockroaches running around. Hotel wasn't secured. Anybody can come up and knock on your door or window. But I didn't experience anything throughout the 2 days. Parking was free. Parking looks limited but I managed to get a space for both nights. Free Wifi. Overall it's ok if you just need a room to bath and sleep.	
Apr 28 2008 	Everything was OK	Stayed here one Saturday night April 08. Price was $78 plus tax =$90.02. with free auto parking. Room 17, directly above the small reception office. I was expecting worse, but the room and overall experience exceed my expectations. Most of the other reviews appear to be on target. My room was very clean, no stains, bathroom very clean with no crud nor mold. Room comes with hair dryer, iron, small ironing board, small refrig, coffee maker with one pack, TV with remote, but no mircowave. I made the reservation on-line at the last moment, and this was one of the less expensive motels in this area with a vacancy. The Lombard/Cow Hollow strip has over two dozen motels/motor lodges of different age,quality and price. I did not try to contact any motel directly by phone, however I saw upon arrival in the area that many still had a &quot;vacancy&quot; sign on. The street noise was very loud in the room but dropped off later in the evening. Parking was tight and there were no empty spaces when I left in the morning. I left the car parked and traveled by bus #45 via Union street to ATT baseball park. As I am very familar with San Francisco, the location in the north section of the city is not a problem. The publicity photo of the front of the hotel does not do the property justice. It is better than it looks. The office staff was friendly and my contact minimal. You could do better but expect to pay anywhere from $30-90 more.	
Apr 10 2008 	Liked the Greemwich Inn	Stayed for two nights. The price was right and it was all we needed (pretty basic).PROS: *Bob the manager- He was incredibly helpful and hospitable. Thank you Bob! *Location- Right off Lombard, about mile from the Wharf. *Skylight in bathroom- Definitely nice to have some natural light in the bathroom. *Across the street from Mel's diner, a 24 hour restaurant. *About a block from Chestnut Street, which has tons of little shops and restaurants, and the Muni bus.CONS: *Noise- Walls are thin, garbage trucks were loud and woke me up about 3 times during the night (and I'm a heavy sleeper!) *Heater was loud. We had to keep it off just to sleep, and woke up cold. *Broken vending machine- no sign put on. *No clock in our room.All in all, the CONS were minimal and we were only in the room to sleep and shower, so this place was suitable for our needs.	
Mar 24 2008 	Pretty nice motel	We stayed at the Greenwich Inn for one night in March 2008. We were seeing a concert in Larkspur, but wanted to stay in the city. The location is very nice and seemed pretty mellow and safe. Save for some machinery noise early Sunday morning, it was a pretty quiet place to stay. Shutters on the windows were a nice touch. The room offered dimension, which a separate &quot;closet&quot; area, which prevented the feeling of staying in a box, which is common with hotels. One of the coolest amenities, which was a nice surprise, was a huge skylight in the restroom. Being a huge fan of natural light while getting ready in the morning, I loved this feature. Free/safe/ample parking is also a plus. This property actually sprawls across either side of Steiner, and one minor inconvenience is that there is only one ice machine for both buildings, and we stayed at the ice-less location and had to walk across the street at 1am just to get some ice. Also, there is no breakfast offered in the lobby (not even a muffin!), but IHOP is right around the block and San Francisco's favorite Mel's Diner is just a few steps from the motel. Nice place for the price. Will stay again.	
Feb 25 2008 	Nice Location - Poor Hotel	Stayed at Greenwich Inn enroute for the 'USA Road Trip 2008' that I was doing with friends which started at Las Vegas and was to finish back in Las Vegas two weeks later.As I was visiting San Francisco during the weekend, I was fully aware that prices would be quite high compared to a weekday. Therefore, I was quite surprised that I was able to book the Greenwich Inn for two nights for just over $200.The Greenwich Inn is a Motel style Hotel with rooms facing onto the street. I suppose things didn't get off to the best of starts when our pre-booked Twin Room (2 x Queens Beds) turned our to be a Double Room. On enquiry I was told that was what our booking stated - I didn't want an arguement so enquired whether they had any rollaway beds available. They did - at a cost of $10 extra!!Bedroom and beds sorted out certainly shrinked the room with just about enough room to place your luggage on the floor and having to watch the TV on one of the beds.The Hotel is based in a nice area, just a few yards from Lombard Street and plenty of access to Restaurants and Bars. It is quite a walk down to the more tourist parts of San Francisco (Fishermans Wharf, Pier 39 etc...), but as the weather was quite pleasant it made for a nice 45 minute walk to the attractions.Back to the Hotel experience, it appeared clean but was very basic. The walls and door seemed quite thin and you woken quite a number of times by noise from the street. Although as I previously mentioned, the hotel did seem to be located in a safe area and there was no problem with walking around the area late at night.My own preference of availability of WiFi was not available, even attempting borrow the local residents WiFi did not get me logged on during my Bay Area stay.Overall, I suppose my experience of San Francisco was slightly tainted by staying at such an adequate hotel. I have stayed at San Francisco before, having stayed at 'The Pickwick', but I just felt this hotel didn't do San Francisco justice. Although, it was cheap during a weekend and me and my party had an accomodation budget during our two week long 'Road Trip'.	
Nov 2 2007	Good Value	We moved to this place from one around the corner on Lombard - a good decision! The Greenwich is one block off Lombard so lots less noisy, which is great. On-site parking is a real plus too. Two blocks from Chestnut where you can find numerous sidewalk cafes and shops. Rooms was clean and spacious, easy check-in.	
Aug 27 2007 	Not great but nor terrible.	Room was modestly priced. I got a deal by asking for the SanFrancisco.com rate. Overall the room was adequate. Cons: - The shower door wouldn't close, - The carpet was stained. - You feel very exposed as anyone from the street could walk up and bang on your door if they wanted too. For this reason my girlfriend didn't feel very safe staying here. - Can get noisy, and neighbours closing their doors are loud in your room. Garbage trucks driving around early in the morning.- Closes at 11pm. (Note this if you will be arriving late)Pros:- Price- Location- Staff seemed friendly	
Aug 10 2007 	Lovely place to stay	Stayed here for three nights. The family who run the place (that's how it appeared anyway) were lovely and really helpful with recommending places to eat and see and the public transport.The room was a decent size (we didn't need that much space) and the bathroom was clean.It may look a bit far from the action of SF, but if you're not driving there are really good bus routes both to Fisherman's Wharf and to Castro/JapanTown. There are plenty of places to eat nearby on Union Street and in Cow's Hollow.	
Jul 27 2007 	Nice place to stay	The Greenwich Inn is a fine place to stay in San Francisco. We stayed there for 6 nights and had a good time.The room was not very large but big enough.The neighbourhood is ok, buses are not far away so it's easy to go anywhere in SF.The staff was friendly and helpfull. For the price we payed it was really a great hotel.	
Jul 9 2007	Staff so indifferent they couldn't even tell me if they had a room available	this was my first choice after compiling a few TripAdvisor reviews, but The Greenwich Inn was either full or just un co-operative, it was very difficult to tell as the staff were so indifferent. So ended up at the Buena Vista Motor Inn which was fine.	
Jun 5 2007 	Fair .... great price ... but.....	Having traveled to S.F. many times during the last fourteen years, we decided to take a chance from our usual place (Cow Hollow - one block away) to save $50/night. The first room, was &quot;okay&quot; until the shower would not drain. Upon contacting the office, we were moved to a much larger/nicer room. Honestly, between the two rooms, I didn't see any &quot;renovation&quot; due to spackling on the walls, burnt out lights, dirty bathroom fans and old carpet. Being VERY familiar with the area, it is definitely safe with many shops/restaurants within walking distance. In all, to save $50/night, we may give it a second chance in the future. We found the office staff difficult to understand due to their limited English language skills.	
May 14 2007 	Good location ok room	The staff at check in were friendly, especially given the 11 hour flight, BART ride and taxi ride, and assigned us a room on the ground floor. You will have gathered i had no car at this time, preferring to explore San Francisco on foot. There was parking at the site, but it seemed to be limited. The room was a bit on the small side, and had no fridge or microwave. The bed was a little firm, but perfectly ok for a nights sleep. With the exception of the size, the only thing to really bug me in the room was the lack of light, it made it feel quite dingy, and being on the ground floor behind a stairwell made it even darker. The slats over the window were either fully open, meaning people could see in, or fully closed, meaning it felt like midnight all the time. But then how much time do you spend in your room with so much to see and do in San Francisco? The bathroom was clean and a good size, but as with most hotel showers, if, like me, you are very tall, then be prepared to limbo under the shower head to get anywhere above your nipples wet. There was some traffic noise early in the morning, around 6am, but SF rush hour, as with much of CA is earlier than the UK, and you are just a stones throw from 101. Location wise, the hotel is great, and the walk to the bay front is through nice areas of the city. There are many restaurants near by, but beware Mels Diner. Nice food, but if you don't tip 50% of the price of a burger you've order to take out then they are very rude! It's probably 20-25 mins to the wharf and ghiradelhi square, and from there SF is your Oyster. Have fun, and from what i've seen and heard of SF, this room is a real bargain given the location and general standard of room. I would recommend this hotel to someone if they weren't planning on spending too much time in it.	
May 4 2007 	Good clean motel with free parking.	We stayed here for 3 nights in April 2007. The location is good with lots of restaurants nearby and seemed like a pretty safe area to be in.The motel was above average and the room was clean and big enough, if not huge. The free parking is a massive bonus in San Francisco and the main reason we chose it.]Definately recommended if you are driving.	
Dec 1 2006 	Nice location!	As we went there on a &quot;walk in&quot; base, we were very pleased to be treated so wel at the front desk! The lady was very helpfull en friendly. The free parking is great, we left our car at the motel and walked to every &quot;hotspot&quot; in the area. ( because we were a little afraid to have no parkingspace as we got back; in our opinion there were not many spaces...)Our feet really hurt after a long day of walking! (but it was worth it!) Cable cars are about 15 mn. walking (and climbing!!) away to take you either to Fishermann's wharf or downtown and chinatown. The rooms are very nice, not very big but enough to stay here for a few days. Mel's Diner is very nice &quot;50's like&quot; restaurant, just around the corner. The little convienent store around the corner is handy for your &quot;to go&quot; breakfast (bagels and croissants) and for some drinks to take to your room at night.The area can be some noisy indead but, hé, you're staying in the middle of a big city! San Francisco is our favorit city in California, next year we will be back and, if there are rooms available, stay in this motel again!	
Nov 10 2006	Great Place	We stayed in Greenwich for 4 days on 2nd floor room. It has beautiful skylight in the bathroom, It has coffee maker and the beds are really comfortable. Bob, manager is really a great person he was so helpful and always smiling. Mels drive in is around the corner, Ihop is open 24 hrs around the corner. It is close to more than 40 great shops and restaurants.. when I say 40 I mean it ! The best part is - its not on lombard st, people often complaint about the noise of it being on highway 101. It is one block away from lombard may be 25 feet away. Worth a stay !!! when you are in good place with good people - it is always a feel good factor and it's a trip you always remember.	
Sep 18 2006 	Convenient Location	The greenwich inn is a standard motel. Clean, decent rooms with coffee provided. Free parking. The location is very good. We walked down to the front quite easily. Mel's Diner is just round the corner! Overall good value for money but don't expect 5 star luxury.	
Aug 23 2006 	Nice but Noisy	We stayed for about a week at the hotel which was absolutely perfect for our needs. The room was nice, large and clean with coffee machine and a powerful shower which is always nice. The location is fantastic, it's in the area called Cow Hollow which is really trendy, loads of shops, restaurants and bars within 5 mins walk and it feels very safe at night. The public transport could be better. The number 30 bus runs from two blocks up to downtown but it is horribly infrequent so we had to get taxis a lot or just walk as the hotel is close to all the marina/fishermans wharf attractions.My one problem was the noise. We had a room which backed onto the street and the fire engines/ ambulances/ trucks and general noise woke us up several times. I appreciate there is nothing the hotel can do about this but there was the additional problem of the cleaners and the owner shouting to each other early in the morning. This woke us up very early on a number of occassions and really shouldn't happen. If you are a heavy sleeper then it doesn't matter but if you aren't then bring earplugs!	
Jul 18 2006	Cozy hotel	Room was small and appeared old but was very clean. The location was near a great variety of restraunts. Mel's dinner one block away was great and had lots of atmosphere. The man at the front desk could not have been any nicer, He was so helpful with restraunts and directions. I would stay there again to sightsee because it is a great price in this town. We walked to Fisherman's wharf and it took 45 minutes, nice cool breeze though and saved $25 for parking down there.	
Jun 8 2006	Greenwich Inn -- Simple clean friendly staff great price	4 of us stayed at the Greenwich Inn for 5 nights May 31 thru June 4, 2006 for under $500. The two double-bedded rooms are located on the first floor front, across the street from the office. The hotel rooms are divided by a street. Rooms were small and clean but the price couldn't be beat. No a/c, but we slept comfortably with our window open. Always hot water for the shower. No amenities but remember this IS a budget hotel. It is an old motor lodge style hotel with parking available right in front of your door. A bit of a pine sol smell when you first open the door but it dissipates quickly. Management was wonderful, very friendly and helpful, let us store our luggage (the large, heavy bags) in the office lobby our last day as we had a late night flight. They kept our smaller, easy to grab and run bags behind the counter. Be warned that it is in a very noisy section of town, located between busy-at-all-times-of-the-day-and-night Lombard St with lots of clubs the other direction. A firestation is located around the corner within steps of the hotel, and receives calls all times of the night, so bring your earplugs! Plenty of restaurants within two blocks. City bus routes within two blocks either direction. 6-8 blocks from Fort Mason Center and the Marina. A mile or more, over hills, to Fisherman's Wharf, so unless you are in really good shape and love to walk, take the 30 Stockton bus to Fisherman's Wharf, you'll be there in about 10 minutes. Great place to stay if all you need is a warm shower and clean place to sleep. Would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 25 2005	Above the price reasonable and nice neighborhood	We stayed 5 nights in Sep.05, and were satisfied very much.It was CLEAN by Japanese standard. It is very simple but we prefer price over amenity. Hot water in the shower room runs fine, and no moldy smell, the bed is firm enough, and clean sheets every day, the towels smelled fresh. Bring a Hair Dryer since they don't have one. It is in only 2 blocks away from CHESTNUT ST where they have a lot of restaurants and shops, such as GAP. Pottery Barn, Williams Sonoma, Walgreens, and Safeway. Walk distance to Pacific Heights, Presidio, Marina Green. Very safe neighborhood.There were a lot other Motels in the neighborhood but this one is off from the heavy traffic Lombard St. (101). For us, who did not have a car, the bus #30 and also #22 Fillmore is close.	
May 16 2005	Nice place for a reasonable price	We found the Greenwich Inn to be very comfortable (although the room was small), quiet and reasonably priced. It had coffee and a coffee maker in the room which was a good way to start the day. It also offered free off-street parking which is a real plus in San Francisco.	
Oct 5 2004	Clean and simple	Stayed there on 18/19 September 2004. Rooms are simple but clean. Area has good selection of restaurants and bars and an especially good cafe for breakfast, Home Plate on Lombard opposite the Ihop. It is noisey due to traffic and poor insulation, but was good location for travelling around. Fishermans Wharf is about 15 minutes walk and the no. 30 MUNI can be caught on Chestnut.	
Sep 1 2009 	bien placé		
Aug 24 2009 	A Eviter		
Aug 16 2009 	Bien pour le prix		
Apr 28 2009	Für den Preis absolut okay		
Dec 8 2008 	Muy básico y descuidado		
Aug 18 2008 	Ok		
Jul 28 2008 	a conseiller		
