Oct 23 2009 	Great Hotel in SF	We have stayed in a number of Mandarin Oriental properties around the world. The SF property definitely maintains the highest quality standards of the others we have stayed in. The service was oustanding. The staff was friendly, helpful and efficient. The view from our room on the 45th floor was spectacular and the room itself elegant. The in bathroom amenities were great. I have no negative comments about this hotel. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 10 2009 	One of THE places to stay in a fantastic city	This was our first trip to San Francisco and part of a 3 centre trip to the West Coast. The MO provided us with one of the most memorable introductions to the city, we arrived by BART from the airport and emerged into the downtown area during a busy Friday lunchtime and it appeared like most cities.On arriving at hotel and being taken up to our room on the 41st floor we got our first amazing view of a the city from the glass walkway near the lifts. This continued in our room a Bridge to Bridge room giving us a 180 degree view of the bay and the city. We never closed our curtains whilst there so we didn't miss a minute of the view. We were also greeted by champagne and strawberries arranged by a friend as this was our 'honeymoon' after our civil partnership and also chocolates from the manager, all in the room on arrival shortly followed by the tea and almond biscuits. The hotel provided us with an excellent base to explore the city, even if the area around the hotel was very quiet over the weekend, but thanks to advise by the hotel we discovered the farmers market at the ferry building on the Saturday one of many highlights of our trip. As MO fans we were not disappointed and our stay strengthened our preference for the MO brand.	
Oct 9 2009 	A quiet piece of SF	As a Bay Area local looking for a romantic getaway, the Mandarin Oriental was the perfect choice. It is centrally located, within walking distance of some favorite restaurants and sites. It is tucked away and quiet. The service is superb. The suite was beautifully decorated and generously sized. And the views were stunning. I highly recommend this wonderful hotel for anyone looking for luxury and serenity amidst the hubbub of San Francisco!	
Oct 8 2009 	Amazing Views and Service From Small Room	The views from this hotel were amazing. We stopped many times just to look and enjoy them. The afternopon tea brought to the room was a welcome touch. However, the room was quite small for two people, but the bathroom was nice. If it had been mroe than one night, it would have felt cramped. I'd also recommend this more as a business hotel, because on a weekend, this area was dead, and many cafes and coffee shops in the area are only open midweek. Don't miss the farmer's market at the Ferry Building a few blocks away.	
Oct 4 2009 	THE BEST in San Francisco	Absolute perfection, even without a typically imposing lobby and bar area. The rooms, staff and view are as close to perfect as is possible. The 48th floor view, the sky bridge and the concierge's assistance made this the best hotel of our trip. A+.	
Sep 26 2009 	Superb - as always	I would stay in a Mandarin Oriental in any city - as always top class staff that were very welcoming - check-in a little slow as i had arrived early but they found me a room within 10 minutes - not much of a view, but very nice room - great size, bright and airy - big bed, lots of room for luggage, desk for laptop, big bathroom - shower a little disappointing though, more of a mist than stream of water! - Concierge was very good - helped me with tickets to a game in San Diego - got us a table in Harris' steakhouse at last minute - even got the hotel car to drop us off - a nice touch, but nothing less than you would expect from this hotel group	
Sep 17 2009 	Faultless for a special treat!	We stayed for one night in a bay-to-bay room. We did not want to leave! We could not fault the hotel in any respect. The courtesy of the staff and the cleaniness of the room were all of the highest standard. The only slight downside was the 20 minute walk to downtown. Room service and extras are expensive, but you don't have to take them, and you are probably here for a special treat, after all!	
Sep 17 2009 	Uplifting views for tired room	The best part about this hotel is the view from the room. We stayed in the king bayview room, which had a view of the bay bridge and also alcatraz. The view was superb, especially when retiring on the day bed after a long day. The rooms itself, are showing a bit of wear and tear and are not particularly noteworthy. They have the same decor as other MO hotels, with touches of Asian flair; however, the furniture reminds you that this hotel has been around for at least a decade. The bathroom, while sizeable, includes sparse amenities, and the bizarre mini-tiled shower stall was reminscent of a gym shower and not a nice one. The service was good and consistent with other MO hotels; however, the early AM check out staff took a ridiculously long time to rectify our bill after a few hiccups. Like many others have mentioned, the location is very convenient, a short walking distance to Union Square or the Ferry Building.We booked a California residents rate off the hotel website, which was inclusive of parking. I would not have been happy paying the exorbitant overnight parking fee otherwise. The next time I go to SF, I will likely try a newer, more modern hotel despite the location, good service and nice views.	
Sep 4 2009	Elegant Asian aesthetic fantastic views	Flew up to San Francisco for a quick 2 night stay with 2 simple objectives: 1) to see the Georgia O'Keeffe/Ansel Adams and Richard Avedon exhibits at the SFMOMA, and 2) to sample the many culinary offerings at the Ferry Building. Both the museum and Ferry Building are near Market St., as are several BART subway stops (we would be car-less, taking BART from the airport, SFO, into the city). In the past, we have had memorable stays at the St. Regis, Ritz Carlton, Palace, and Campton Place. All except the Ritz are close to Market St., all except Campton Place have indoor pools. Online, I discovered an enticing California resident weekend rate for the Mandarin Oriental. We have stayed at Mandarins in Hong Kong and New York and think it is a luxurious collection of properties with an elegant Asian aesthetic, so we decided to book here. Of course, we had heard about the Mandarin's vaunted views.The Mandarin is located in the Financial District, 2 blocks north of Market St. This is a very quiet area on weekends--even McDonald's and Starbucks are closed--but more active areas like Union Square and the aforementioned Ferry Building and Market/SOMA are within easy walking distances. The hotel occupies the top 11 floors (38-48) of the 3rd tallest building in San Francisco, so yes, the views are fantastic. The lobby, restaurant, lounge, meeting rooms, well-equipped business center and small fitness center are on the floors 1-4. There is no pool or spa, but guests have access to these at a fitness club across the street. The floors housing the guest rooms are dumbbell-shaped with about 7 rooms at each octagonal end separated by a &quot;skybridge&quot; corridor with windows overlooking the bay and city. The 38th floor has 2 suites with large terraces replacing the skybridge.Our reservation was for a city view king, but I noticed online the price point of a bay view queen, with the same square footage, was often identical, so we requested and were given this room type. I thought it well worth it to sacrifice a larger bed for a better view. The bay view extended from the Golden Gate Bridge to Alcatraz, the Transamerica building, Coit Tower, almost to the Bay Bridge. An insulated wicker basket with jasmine tea and almond cookies is delivered shortly after you arrive in your room. The room was beautiful, far from a simple box shape with few 90 degree angles. The sheer shades on the window are elegantly embroidered. The MO channel on the flat screen TV is fun to watch, quite imaginative. There were 2 clocks--one a standard gold alarm clock, the other a fancier clock/CD player whose alarm I couldn't figure out. There is a DVD player and large closet. We had to request slippers.The bathroom was fairly large with 2 types of marble, although the counter space around the single sink was not ample. There was a wall clock whose loud ticking could be heard in the bedroom. The separate stall shower also was large but its tiles reminded me of a locker room. The toiletries and towels were a bit disappointing--the towels neither large nor plush, the toiletries small (1 fluid ounce each). The bath soap was the same tiny size as the soap for the sink.Overall, this was a great short visit to a great city. The SFMOMA exhibits were worthwhile, and although we missed the Farmer's Market at the Ferry Building, we were able to gorge ourselves at Taylor's Automatic Refresher, Mijita, the Slanted Door, and Hog Island Oyster Co., plus Sear's Fine Foods by Union Square. We wanted to try the renowned Dottie's True Blue Cafe in the Tenderloin, but the line was too long.The Mandarin is yet another worthy luxury hotel to consider when visiting San Francisco.	
Sep 1 2009 	What a view!	I stayed for 3 nights in a king bayview room . The third night free promotion made it a little more affordable. Everything about the hotel was first class but the view of the bay from my 38th floor room was sensational. I don't know why they don't put that view on their website as it is not possible to resist it.The only drawback to this hotel is its location in the financial district. On weekends it is pretty quiet in the area ( not necessarily a bad thing) but unless you are a committed walker you are a bit removed from some of the more popular spots. It is about a 15 minute walk to the cable car turntable at Powell and Market, a 25 minute walk to the ballpark. It is actually only a 20-25 minute walk up Sansome to Fisherman's Wharf and no hill climbing on that route which was nice.We did all this walking without any problem but it takes a little more time.	
Aug 31 2009 	Wow views don't come much better than this!	We stayed here on the final leg of our honeymoon and it was a great way to end an amazing three weeks around Hawaii. After an awful 7 hour delay arriving from Maui the staff were welcoming and efficient even in the early hours of the morning. Our Bay View room with stunning views and comfy bed was just what was needed. Of course it was the next morning when the views really wowed us. A view right over the bay, taking in Alcatraz and The Golden Gate, we were lucky that it was such a clear day as the common mist which we've encountered on previous trips to San Francisco would have made the room an expensive choice. The room itself was large and comfortable with a bath and walk in shower however the toiletries were basic and nondescript for such a hotel. The location was a good 10 minute walk to Union Square and was based in the business district. As our stay was on the weekend we found the area very quiet and the local starbucks and walgreens was shut the whole time, a bit annoying when you want a coffee or snacks in the evening. I enjoyed my stay here but would probably try a location nearer to Union Square next time.	
Aug 29 2009 	It doesn't get much better than this!	We were looking for a delightful hotel as part of a getaway prior to my partner starting cancer treatment, so we chose the MO. From booking to the farewell, every aspect of our stay was a hit. The reservations agent has been there since the property opened and was probably one of the best with whom I ever dealt. We advised the property that we would be arriving early and nature of our trip. Not only was the front desk able to accommodate us straight away when we arrived, but we were treated to some holistic information (with our permission, of course) for managing health pre and post cancer treatment. The personal touch was truly appreciated.As mentioned in earlier reviews, the bayview was stunning. The room was beautiful, spotless and (for us anyway) the Molton Brown toilettries are a hallmark of a great property. The welcome tea and almond cookies were appreciated. Room service was great and any call to the room was answered promptly.It's difficult find anything really significant to squawk about with our stay. On this trip we noticed the MO and another property we enjoyed this trip either had little or no information regarding coffee or tea in the room (even a card in the honor bar indicating coffee/tea must be requested from the front desk or dining room...we are still unsure which it is supposed to be.).The MO delivered on what we wanted for this trip and we both feel calm and focused for our next couple of weeks. Our stay renewed our love for SFO and it would be a pleasure to stay at the MO SFO again once we are able to do so.	
Aug 17 2009 	nice hotel maybe more geared to business travellers	Situated on the higher floors of one of the highest buildings in the city we had an amazing view from our bay view room (definitely worth the extras money) from Golden Gate Bridge to Alcatraz, comfortable bed and well appointed bedroom but bathroom a little disappointing - one washbasin, one bar of soap and average toiletry products and towels a little unfluffy. Free internet in the business centre and public areas but not in the bedrooms. At these prices I felt it should be included. Lounge area quite small and dark and seemed to be used largely by businesspeople having meetings. Some examples of exceptional service (Concierge Michael is a star) but some of the reception staff, whilst polite and efficient at all times, lacked that extra special something. For business good choice; for leisure not so sure but the view is stunning!	
Aug 17 2009 	Fantastic views!!	Located in the financial district, everything is closed over the weekend, have to walk that little bit further for coffee, etc. but it's not hideously far. The room is lovely, we were in a superior king room on the 47th floor, views of coit tower and beyond. The room was very nice; bed was comfy; lots of drawers and ample closet space; bathroom was lovely, Molten Brown products; windows that actually open, three telephones, lots of light. Staff all very pleasant and very helpful. Room service quality was good, menu is slightly limited - - especially the after hours menu. There are no movie channels, you can call down and have them bring DVD's up to you for selection - - -I believe these were free of charge. Overall excellent stay, would definitely stay there again. The &quot;California&quot; rate made it worth the money, having to pay full rack rate, I might think differently.	
Aug 16 2009 	Magical	I spent a week at the Mandarin Hotel in San Francisco and it was amazing. The service is excellent and the staff very friendly and accommodating. I would recommend this Hotel to anyone who wants quality service.	
Aug 15 2009 	We would stay their again for the views.	We would recommend this hotel for business or couples but not for families. The rooms are exceptionally clean and include all amenities. The bathrooms are spacious with bathtub and showers. Make sure to book a room with a bay view. The breakfast is a-la-carte and not a buffet breakfast, so everything you order is prepared fresh. Overall a very pleasant experience.	
Aug 13 2009 	Terrible Experience	We arrived to the Mandarin Hotel at San Francisco with great expectations. They fell short as soon as we arrived to the room. They gave us a handicap room, which was very uncomfortable. When we called the front desk they argued that the room was not handicap accessible and all of the rooms in the hotel were the same. I asked to speak to the manager and she continued to argue with us. Finnally I request to see other rooms because I could not belive they were all the same and to my surprise they where not. We lost an 1hr fighting about if the room was or not handicap accessible. Finnaly they manager would not even show to apolgize. They changed us rooms but never accepted that the room was actually handicap accessible. Mandarin Oriental is recognize for great service and this was not the case.	
Aug 6 2009 	Surprisingly great hotel for young children	We just got back from Mandrin Oriental S.F. Overall:The hotel is truly lovely. The views are fantastic! The room was very nice and very clean. The best part is that they knew I had two young children with me and had toys in the room in advance... and toddler-sized bath robes! The kids felt at home right away, and didn't want to leave.Pros:Welcome tea and almond cookies were wonderful.Staff service great, and personable.Down pillows were not great for sleep, BUT they had memory foam pillows in the closet.Courtesy car.Good location to cable car (the California line cable car does not have long lines like the other cable car lines) and BART (easy access to/fro SFO without having to sit in traffic in a cab).Close to China town and Nob Hill park (for kids to play at).Turn-down service with bottled water.In the financial district, so much, much less touristy.Cons:The very nice tv was unfortunately to the side of the bed, so not great for viewing from bed, but a minor detail. Restaurant (only tried for breakfast) was terrible... chewy pancakes, undercooked egg returned then burnt egg brought out.. ugh!Not convenient walking-distance to good casual restaurantsVerdict: will surely go back!	
Aug 5 2009 	Simply wonderful...San Francisco is a perfect picture postcard outside your windows!	I love hotels. Always have! Pre-internet, I used to write to hotels for their brochures :) That's how much:) But today, this is not enough...and why we are here on tripadvisor.Our first trip away together as a couple had to be something special...and the choice of hotel in San Francisco caused me much research and debating :) Final choice: The Mandarin Oriental...mostly because of the views. We stayed in the Bridge to Bridge suite....And we were not disappointed! On the contrary!! Of course people stay in hotels for different reasons...but to me it has to have something to do with the place I am visiting...and in San Francisco, I think the views are IT!As they say...a picture is worth a thousand words, so have a look at the photos attached...all taken from our room. Enough said!!! :)But I must also add that the staff was faultless...from the Reservations staff (Andrew!), to the reception staff, to the wonderful concierge team - all so efficient, polite, helpful and friendly. They helped us with everything from hiring a car before we had even arrived at the hotel, to securing tickets to a fantastic comedy show, as well as dinner reservations.Room service was also excellent as was the breakfast in the lovely Silk Restaurant .Verdict - A wonderful choice and most recommended :)!	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Hotel	Great service, great room, unbelievable views, good summer deal for an expensive hotel, beautiful bathroom.We just loved everything!	
Jul 28 2009 	Great stay!	My wife and I spent three nites at Mandarin Oriental, for 25 year wedding anniversary, July 24-27th, and we really enjoyed it! Whys:1. We are 'local' bay area residents so we were able to take advantage of the room offer the hotel has for reduced rates. Also, the offer included parking for free and booking through Expedia we got a $50 master gas card! Can't beat that combo2. Views from our room were spectacular--45th floor. Very quiet3. Room was very large and spacious and the bathroom was all marble and huge!4. Service was excellent...people were very friendly. To be honest, i was a bit hesitant to book Mandarin after reading an earlier trip advisor review complaining out indifferent staff, but i saw none of that.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to friends and we (my wife and me) will plan to return again soon.	
Jun 18 2009 	Love this place	The Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco is located in a nice quiet area, yet walkable to china town and only minutes to the cable cars. The room was VERY nice (for their standard room) and VERY clean! The hotel is a tall building so it works in your favor as far as views. The only thing I would recommend they work on is customer service. My husband and I rented a car for our day trip to napa valley, we had tasting appointments, etc and the car arrived to the hotel 30 minutes late...we paid $450 to rent the car and for it to arrive late was absolutely unfair. The hotel had actually booked the car later than we asked so it was their fault, yet when I asked to be compensated somewhat for the late delivery, they took my name and number and I NEVER GOT A CALL BACK! I called them several times from my room and they always had an excuse. I would agree with other negative reviews about the bad customer service, very unprofessional.	
Jun 2 2009 	Wonderful service and great location with fabulous views.	Since we usually stay at the Mandarin Oriental in NYC, we thought we'd try it on this visit to San Francisco. It is smaller than the one in New York and is quieter as well. The hotel seems to start at about the 40th floor so all the views are fabulous. We could see from the Golden Gate all the way to the Bay Bridge. The rooms are nicely decorated in simple Asian style. The room service is first rate and they never make a mistake with your order. The hotel restaurant (Silks) is 5 star in every way. We had a suite that included 2 full bathrooms. My husband liked the fact that the desk faced a large window. The only little drawback is that there are no good amenities like slippers. There are robes, however. The shampoo and conditioner are very small and are Moulton Brown which is what you find on the airlines. The exercise room is on the 4th floor and is fully equipped. The one thing that will make us return to this hotel is the staff. They make you feel like royalty.	
May 26 2009 	Would stay there again - Highly recommend	Exceptional service. The concierge will respond to your every request very promptly and eagerly. I was very impressed with how they responded when I asked if they could get a rental car for me. Within 20 minutes there was one waiting outside the hotel and I just had to sign the contract and take the keys. If you like to not have to lift a finger when you are on a vacation/getaway, this is a great place to stay. Also very clean and comfortable room with a great view.	
May 23 2009 	Nice View But Poor Customer Service.	This is a hard to find hotel in the financial district. When I arrived the bellman said &quot; you couldn't park there.&quot; I said &quot;what I am checking in this hotel&quot; he said &quot;you are going to get a ticket.. &quot; I said &quot;Can I get my baggage out of my car?&quot;.. Finally I went to another bellman and said that guy said I cant park her but I need to check in.. He said &quot;sorry&quot; and when and got my luggage. I don't know if the was a language problem or what? But it not the usual greeting I get at hotels. I complained as I checked in and got a cool response apology. It was Valentine Day weekend and stayed in the Lotus Suite. I had flowers delivered and I noticed the bell man had them in his hand in a box.. I quietly said to him why do you have the flowers in your hand in a box, it supposed to be in the room as a surprise. He seemed not to understand as he puts the flower down on the dresser, I ask can I get a vase? It was a weird start to a trip at a 5 star hotel. The trip got better because the Lotus Room was simply beautiful and the view was spectacular out each window. I say through out my 3 day stay, I didn't find the front desk to be that friendly like other 5 star hotels, but the room made up for the lack of good customer service. A week after I the trip I received a request for a customer survey like many hotels send. I gave the hotel great marks besides customer service. When I marked down customer service then the survey ask me why low on customer service and I told them what happen when I arrived. Within a week I received a scolding letter from the hotel customer service supervisor mad because I marked them down in customer service. I couldn't believe it? They were saying will we investigated and they were making excuses for the bellman and said the bellman said he was sorry. Which didn't happen the other bellman said sorry for his co worker. But it wasn't just that incident that made me give low grades on customer service, it was the overall way they treated us. They didn't greet you as you pass the lobby, didn't rush to open the door as you came and they weren't that friendly or welcoming. I wasn't going to write a review on this hotel but when I got a scolding letter from the hotel because I marked them down was very insulting. When I wrote back and told them well I thought the customer service could be better and that I never got a apology from the bell man, they NEVER wrote back or responded to my letter it was like they just want to tell me off about my survey answers. The hotel has great views and the bed felt wonderful but just don't look for excellent customer service!!!	
May 23 2009 	SPECTACULAR BRIDGE TO BRIDGE VIEW!!	My husband and I just got back from a quick stay at the Mandarin Oriental in SF and we loved it!! The service from hotel staff was courteous with exceptional attention to detail, the decor was beautiful, the room was incredibly clean and our &quot;Bridge to Bridge&quot; view room on the 42nd floor was AMAZING!! And the beds were really comfortable. We loved the welcome jasmine tea and cookies too, yes, we're definitely going back! :-)	
May 11 2009 	Loved it!	My partner and I just spent 3 days in the Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco. We absolutely loved the hotel and the location was perfect......very central, in walking distance to Market Street.Our room on the 39th floor had a spectacular bay view, the room itself was not too big and had a bit of a weird L-shape but nevertheless was cozy and had a very appealing asian-style decor. The beds were comfortable and bathroom was huge and modern.....reading some of the other reviews here I suppose, it must have been recently updated.The staff was superfriendly, helpful and efficient and we were very impressed by the fact that our rooms was cleaned every day about 5 minutes after we had left, although we never saw any cleaning staff in the hallways.Roomservice was fast and friendly, the only downside was the price for the food and the quality of.You end up paying 80 Dollars for two entrees plus one dessert - one entree I ordered was Spinach Ravioli for 15 Dollars plus all sorts of service fees which summed up to about 25 Dollars in total for that dish and what I got for it was four (!!) ravioli which were arranged nicely around three leaves of fresh spinach - ridiculous!The next day we tried simple penne pasta with tomato sauce which tasted pretty awful, because they obviously used the cheapest ready-made brand of tomato sauce that is available on the market...I had never expected that they would serve something like that in a first class hotel.I have to mention though that we a coupon for 50 Dollars worth of free meals per day....if I'd really had to pay myself for that, I would have felt seriously ripped off.	
May 8 2009 	Outstanding views friendly staff good location	The first and primary reason for booking into the Mandarin San Francisco has to be for its views. I took a Bay View room on the 40th floor (there are 8 more floors above that) and the vistas were simply spectacular. You can stand for hours taking it all in - Alcatraz Island, Golden Gate Bridge, Coit Tower, they're all on show.Aside from that I cannot fault the friendliness of the staff. The Conceirge was always happy to oblige, and one of them even gave me his travel pass affording me free tram and other public transportation throughout the city for the duration of my three day stay - can't say fairer than that!The one slight drawback is that it is a little too easy to hear what's going on in adjoining rooms at times but this is a minor quibble.I would recommend this hotel without hesitation.	
Apr 27 2009 	Not worth it	I stayed here two nights after a week at the Omni as a 'treat' to myself. I'm sorry to say that my room here cost a lot more and offered a lot less. I won't make that mistake again. As with many high-end hotels, they nickeled and dimed you for everything. Room service was a rip off. Room was not all that luxurious. We got lucky and went out onto a balcony for a view while a staffer was out there, but usually those doors are locked. Fitness room was subpar. Best thing about it was drinks in the lounch downstairs. Overall, a terrific waste of money.	
Mar 30 2009 	Way over-priced for what they offer.	My husband and I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for one night in the Mandarin King Bay room in SF. The rooms are nicely and elegantly decorated, and the windows are large and plentiful with good views of the city. I was dissapointed; however, that we did not recieve a room with views of the Golden Gate. I suppose I had to request this seperately. Anyway, the bed was big and comfy. Great pillows; I slept very well. The bathroom was my favorite. It had a large, deep tub overlooking the city. However, the tub is only big enough to fit one person at a time. The service was good; they were very attentive. Although I must warn you, you will get outrageously charged for everything you do. We wanted to eat at an Indian resturant, so we called the front desk and asked them directions to a nearby Indian place. They were very nice, and even printed out directions for us. However, when we checked-out, we saw that we had been charged $6.00 just for having someone tell us where to eat at. We also had room-service ordered. It was $80 for two entrees and an appetizer. Normally that wouldn't bother me if the food was good, but it was not. In fact, I couldn't even eat most of it because it was so gross. I had the pan-seared seabass. It was way over-cooked and was placed ontop of bland mashed potatoes and prego spaghetti sauce. We also had breakfast ordered the next morning. Breakfast was better, but it was still ridiculously expensive. $50 for two breakfast entrees. A glass of orange juice is $6.00! For a hotel that is so high-class, I was not expecting to pay such outrageous prices for something I could get elsewhere for much, much less. Also, everyone expetcs to be tipped. This gets tiring after a while. Oh, I should mention that in the morning we stopped by MO bar to get a water and a coke. The waiter brought out what I thought was complimentary biscottis along with our drinks because we did not request them. If I knew that we would be paying $9.00 for a water and a coke, there is no way we would have stopped at the bar. Overall, the hotel is beautiful and the service is good, but you will pay for it; and you will pay BIG. I will not stay here again. There are other high-class hotels that don't rape every cent out of you.	
Mar 4 2009 	One of the best	This is one of the best hotel experiences we have ever had - stunning views of the city, top notch service, and very nice rooms with all of the amenities you would expect from a Mandarin Oriental. The courtesy car was a pleasant surprise and helped us save on taxi fares when going out to dinner at night. Highly, highly recommended.	
Feb 21 2009 	Exceptional views and great service	It's a lovely hotel, perched at the top of a skyscraper office builing in the Financial District. Walking distance to most things and a great location. The service is quick and complete. The views from the 1 BR suite were from bridge-to-bridge and simply gorgeous.The food was delicious, although the single restaurant, Silks, seemed to have more diners than waitstaff the day we had lunch there. The room was of a very high quality....not the most luxurious or over the top, but certainly VERY nice. Thoughtfull amenities were provided that made for a special touch.While the hallways are quiet there is little to no way to muffle the crash of closing doors outside the bedroom. The elvators have a long haul to get from the lobby to the rooms and are fast but there can be a wait.The staff was friendly, accommodating and attentive to all needs. It is much nicer than staying in Union Square and a very fine hotel.	
Feb 18 2009 	our new home in SF	We visit the Bay area once a year and this time stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for 3 nights in early Feb. Previously we have stayed at the Ritz Carlton, Four Seasons, etc, all excellent hotels and no complaints. But we wanted a view, and the M-O has spectacular views, the best in the city, in addition to everything else expected in a first class property. Now we will stay nowhere else.	
Jan 18 2009 	First Class all the way	Stunning views from the well appointed and tasteful rooms and excellent service from the friendly staff makes the MOSF a no brainer for a luxury stay in downtown San Francisco.Sunrises and sunsets were awesome from the windows of our 47th floor room. The walk from the elevator to the room thru a glass window hallway gives one of the most breathtaking views of a city I have ever seen.Staff took care of all our requests beyond our expectations. For example, we were able to obtain a table for two at Michael Mina on the day despite a huge crowd of suited conventioneers in town.The hotel has a car and driver available for short trips to restaurants and venues in the downtown area. Its a nice luxury touch and we enjoyed chatting with the friendly driver.Highly recommend this hotel to those looking for a super luxury stay in downtown SF.	
Jan 14 2009 	Superior Luxury	Arriving at the Mandarin Oriental San Francisco, I was immediately greeted by a friendly doorman before stepping into the lobby of the hotel. An obsequious front desk attendant checked me in and proceeded to bring me up to my room to show me the amenities. While the hotel is housed in what I was told is the third tallest building in San Francisco, the lobby occupies the first floor while the rooms begin I believe somewhere on the high 30s floors. I had a Queen Bay View Room, located on the 41st floor, which allowed unparalleled views of the Transamerica tower, Coit tower, Alcatraz, the Bay Bridge, and the Golden Gate Bridge. There were so many sights to photograph from the room window alone! Luxe Amenities:Hot tea and cookies are presented shortly after arrival. Two different options for bathrobes: one terrycloth, one chunky waffle weave. Slippers and elegant turn down service nightly, along with bottled water presented bedside. Molton Brown toiletries were excellent. Fabulous points: Concierge was amazing and recommended great places to shop, how to differentiate between the trolleys, cable cars, and other modes of transport in the city, where to eat, and also arranged at the spur of the moment for an almost private tour of the city on an 8-person bus. This tour was exhaustive in terms of the areas we explored and the guide was able to take pictures and provide us with even more suggestions for restaurants and places to visit. The van drove us all over the city and we stopped to get out at the more critical spots. It lasted two to three hours and was a very reasonable $50. Back at the hotel, the fresh apples by the elevator were a nice touch, as was the impeccable service which even extended to the cleaning staff. Concerns:I travel very lightly (I only brought one carry-on and a messenger bag on my trip) but even I was surprised at how little drawer space they provided. There were a few at the bottom of the closet but it was tough to locate any others. There was a floor lamp located near the desk which I needed to use for the added light at night, but I had to plug it in myself (very minor concern, obviously). To access the internet, I had to call the front desk and then was transferred to a tech support line, and surprisingly was never charged the access fee at check-out. Also, one major concern (although it provided a bit of comical relief one morning) was that I could hear EVERYTHING the neighbors did in their room. Now, either my neighbors were very loud, or the hotel's walls need a bit more insulation added in the next renovation. Overall:The views from the room make the stay worth every bit of the cost (which drops drastically if you stay any nights between Friday and Sunday as it's primarily a business hotel). I found the location very convenient to SoMa, Union Square, the Farmer's Market at the Embarcadero, and everything else in the city. However, I would not stay at this hotel if a big draw for you is a bustling hotel atmosphere, particularly at night. This hotel is so amazing in part because it is almost museum-like in its quietness (bawdy neighbors aside). While I am also inclined to visit the St. Regis or the Four Seasons for my next trip to San Francisco, the Mandarin's price drop on weekends, mixed with the superlative quality of the views (and the envious looks you get when you mention where you're staying) make it a must to stay here!	
Jan 5 2009 	Amazing View Courteous Service Total Comfort A+++	Continuing our journey for our Christmas/New Year's Eve vacation my wife and daughter and I just spent 4 nights at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel. It was an amazingly comfortable stay. I booked this hotel over the Ritz and Four Season Hotels which are also great because I'm a sucker for a great view. I'm not sure if it gets much better than this. We booked a Lotus Suite and it had a panoramic view of the city. It was an amazing view both during the day but especially at night. We were on the 45th floor and it was very nice that our room had its own private hallway giving additional privacy. It had a normal doorbell on it as well. The room was VERY spacious.From the moment we checked in the staff was very friendly and professional. I've never stayed at this property before and we were coming from the Ritz Carlton in Naples, Florida and an amazingly upscale house that we stayed in Los Angeles before coming here so we had very high expectations. The hotel lobby is nothing to write home about. Not bad but nothing extra special. The real &quot;magic&quot; begins when you rocket up to your rooms in the fast elevators that take you up to your room. I believe most of the rooms have a view but the suites with the really great views are on the 40th floor or higher. Our King size bed was very very comfortable and had a big floor to ceiling window at the side of it so you can keep the curtains open all night and see the skyline. It was extremely romantic! Also, the room had a nice working area (although this was probably the first time in 10 years that I didn't work during a vacation). We have a 5 month old baby which sure does change your priorities and focus in life. This was a great trip with her and the family. Speaking of which the hotel had a baby crib set up for little Katie.The bathroom was very high end and all marble. The room had high speed wireless internet you could buy. I only used it 1 out of the 4 nights. The cost was $12.95 per night and it did seem to work very well. This place certainly isn't cheap. You can spend quite a lot of money here as things add up. For example, they charged a whopping $50 a night for valet parking. That is a bit steep I thought but then again, all around in San Francisco parking was scarce and VERY expensive. If we didn't have a baby with us and stroller I would never have had a car. Most places charged $27 to park 2 hours and that is IF you can find a space.The room was totally comfortable and I doubt you will find a hotel with a better view in San Francisco than the Mandarin Oriental. They do a great job and always go out of their way to help you. Every morning they put the Wall Street Journal, USA Today and London Financial Times under my door when I told them I read them. The room also has a nice LCD TV and also has a DVD player in it which we used. It is a bit awkward as you can't control the DVD from the bed as it's inside the drawer so they might want to change that. They had twice a day full maid service and they did a great job each day. The first day we flew in it was cloudy and we were disappointed that we spent so much money to get a great view and we couldn't see anything. But then God must have answered our prayers as the rest of the stay the weather was glorious and we got tons of amazing photos near the Golden Gate Bridge, Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square, Nob Hill and other areas. San Francisco is truly one of the most beautiful cities in the world. I give an A++ for this hotel and the great service as they always were going out of their way to help.We are off back to Los Angeles for a night then heading back to Miami.	
Jan 3 2009 	The best views in the Bay Area.	We stayed here because of the height of the hotel and the views we would get. The hotel is on a busy street and as it is in the top half a skyscraper it doesn't have a pulling in area to unload, but the vallet was helpfull and took our car for parking. Check in was easy and the lobby was nice, but not spectacular. The suite was lovely. A seating area, a double bed, plasma screen, large bathroom with tub and shower. Three huge windows with views from the Golden Gate to the Bay. They brought us free tea to drink in the suite on arrival. The concieage reccomened the best eating areas for dinner and provided us with a free Mercedes S Class limo to ferry us around town. He dropped us off at the restaurant and picked us up later. Nice touch. The next morning the conciage suggested a nice place to get Sunday Brunch, and it was great. Very helpfull people. When we checked out after a two night stay we left our un stamped post cards in the room. I called the hotel and they put stamps on an mailed them Free. I thought this was a nice gesture. Overall San Fran has many nice hotels, but I can't think of a simple one that is both Five Star and has these views. It is expensive, but deals are to be had. Or you could book a standard room and ask for a free upgrade, maybe slip the front desk staff a $20 bill, and see what happens. Usually works for us.	
Dec 25 2008 	One of the best in SF	We stay here each December over the holidays and it never disappoints. Professional and courteous service, superb views (especially during the holidays) and nice rooms (although the bathrooms are starting to get a little dated). Great hotel...best in the City.	
Dec 17 2008 	The Best Service Ever!!	I booked a room at the Mandarin Oriental for my post-engagement proposal night with my new fiance. I reserved a Executive Corner City View room, but was generously upgraded to a room with views of both bridges. I needed time to set up the room, so I was allowed to check in at 1pm which was integral for my evening plans.Once I arrived, the staff was excellent the entire time. The complementary tea in the room was a great touch. I mentioned in my reservation that we were getting engaged, so a beautiful box of chocolates with a &quot;congratulations&quot; label was left for us. The service that we enjoyed was far superior to the Omni and Fairmont that we've frequented in the past.The hotel is expensive, but for special nights, you should definitely splurge and stay at the MO.	
Nov 9 2008	Elegant and perfectly Asian hotel	If you've stayed at a high end hotel in Asia you'll know what I mean. The MO is all quiet, discrete but perfect service. The room was nice, a bit small and oddly laid out (I couldn't tell from the exterior but there must be some odd angles to the building).Nice lobby bar with a good selection of food/drinks. Handy location to business in the financial district as well as the Ferry Building and the Embarcadero.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great Hotel loved the views	This hotel is a very nice place to stay for anyone. We stayed in the Taipan suite and it was fabulous. As nice a room as you will find anywhere. The terrace was nice but it was cloudy on the days we were there. How unfortunate but I suppose these things happen. The front desk was in shambles though, I waited a long time to check in and they just seemed to lack confidence in what they were doing. Perhaps some training? The front desk is the first and last impression you will have, It’s just a shame to have someone leave with a bad thoughts about such a great property. Try the restaurant it is very good. The location wouldn't be that great if you were a tourist but my husband had meetings all day so it worked out well for us. Definitely worth your time and money.	
Oct 3 2008 	Fantastic Views	This hotel is in the heart of the Financial District. It occupies the 38th to 48th floors of a block and therefore has fantastic views. We had a bayview room and spent ages just looking out of the window. The hotel supplies binoculars.Service was impeccable, jasmin tea in your room on arrival and assistance with anything you needed. Easy walk to ferry terminal and famers market and Chinatown and well connected for transport elswhere.If 2 people are staying more than one night maybe a king size room would be better but we were only there for one night and the queen size was fineBeautiful bathroom too, stuffed wilth Molton BrownCouldn't fault it	
Sep 22 2008 	Wonderful Stay	My husband and I recently stayed at the MO for two nights in celebration of our 16th wedding anniversary. It was our first stay at a MO property and I booked a Bay View King room via the hotel's website and opted for the rate that included daily breakfast. Our stay was wonderful from the moment we arrived at the hotel's entrance (not that hard to spot as there is a large red banner with Mandarin Oriental on it) until we left two days later. The front door staff were welcoming, the front desk staff were very friendly, competent, and gracious (I liked that they asked what time turn down service should be scheduled), and the concierges were very pleasant and helpful. We stayed in Room 4805 (the hotel's top floor) and were afforded an amazing view of the Golden Gate Bridge, the Bay Bridge, the Transamerica Building, and Alcatraz. The room and bathroom were clean although the Molton Brown (sp?) toiletries' scents were a bit overpowering and the towels were not very fluffy or thick as you would expect from a luxury hotel. It was nice that the windows opened and the settee and binoculars were a perfect combo! The room service staff and meals (we had two breakfasts and one late dinner) were all delicious, promptly delivered by friendly staff, cooked just right, and well presented too. Every time we passed by the front desk, the staff always said hello and even knew our names! The tea service that is presented upon check-in is a gracious touch and we also received a delicious box of chocolates from the hotel to celebrate our anniversary - very appreciated! We frequently stay at Relais &amp; Chateau properties when traveling overseas and the MO's setting, amenities, high caliber of staff, meals, thoughtfullness, and welcome setting are on par with R&amp;C properties. We'll be traveling to Tokyo next month and we will definitely consider staying at the MO's Tokyo property based on our recent stay at the MO San Francisco. Thank you for such a nice stay!	
Sep 21 2008 	Great hotel made unbeatable by the staff	This was our second stay at the mandarin oriental and we weren't disappointed. We booked a bridge to bridge room and it was worth the money on the view alone. I do not think there is a finer view anywhere in San Francisco and I think the view from this particular room even beats that of the more expensive bay bridge room we stayed in last time.As you would expect for this standard of hotel the quality of the room and amenities was first rate. The furnishings are exquisite and give a real flavour of the orient. However the one thing that really sets this hotel apart are the staff. Their ability to make you feel welcome and special is unrivalled by anywhere else I have stayed in the world. They are clearly highly trained and have an almost unnerving talent for anticipating your needs. Goven the choice I will not stay anywhere else in San Francisco.Negatives - if I must nitpick i suppose the food and drinks are expensive, but then again would you expect anything else??	
Sep 19 2008 	An above average hotel with exceptional views	We stayed in a bridge to bridge room on the 48th floor (room 4811) for three nights during September. I booked the room expecting spectacular views and was not disappointed. The room was well appointed, of a reasonable size (I had toyed with the idea of a suite but thought the short stay did not warrant it) and generally satisfactory for a chain hotel.An initial word of warning - the hotel is a little hard to spot; if you expect a large frontage you will go directly past it, as we did. Once we found the entrance, first impressions of the hotel were good; we were greeted politely and our car was promptly parked and our luggage unpacked. The first warning of one of the minor problems with the hotel was the wait for the elevator – there are only two servicing the hotel and, while the Mandarin Oriental does not cover all 48 floors of the building, there can be a considerable wait, especially at peak times such as breakfast and dinner.Another note of caution I would proffer is that bridge to bridge rooms all have interconnecting doors with adjacent rooms, thus offering families the opportunity to link more than one room during a stay. This is, of course, of benefit to families wishing so to do, however, for those needing a full night’s sleep, the noise that comes through the door can be an unwelcome disturbance – we were woken on two mornings at 6am by our early rising neighbour’s television. I complained to the front desk, albeit not forcibly, and asked what could be done. Their first suggestion, placing a pillow against the door, was as laughable as it was derisory. Subsequently I was told no other rooms with similar views, I had made this a prerequisite, were available. While I understood and accepted the explanation, I was a touch put out by the lack of apology or indeed the option to upgrade the room.The restaurant on the second floor, Silks, is of a high standard and the meal we had there was one of the highlights of our trip to California – it exceeded our expectations and bettered many of the establishments we visited that had boasted multiple Michelin Stars. The highlight of the meal, indeed three of the four of us dining chose it, was the exquisite scallop and pork belly starter. The sommelier was well trained and recommended an exceptional wine to accompany our meal – in fact he chose something cheaper than the bottle I had sought his opinion on. Breakfast was also of a high standard and I would recommend the ‘Green eggs and ham’ without hesitation. In addition, the barman at the bar on the ground floor provided excellent service and gave sound recommendations.We found the front desk staff of mixed ability and demeanour. The concierge was a delight to deal with and he helpfully made reservations for us and printed off various pieces of information without hesitation. In contrast, the main front desk team seemed rather inexperienced and some struggled a little with spoken English.All in all, the Mandarin Oriental is a great hotel to stay in if one is visiting San Francisco, however, it is not a destination in itself. The views aside, there are thousands of hotels across the globe that do exactly the same thing at exactly the same sort of price. It is an above average hotel which is perfect for business travellers and those with a reason to be in San Francisco, we we’re visiting family, but do not make it the focus of your trip.	
Sep 18 2008 	Not a good place to get married!	I recently attended my son's wedding at the Mandarin Oriental. The rooms were beautiful -- as a room should be at prices in excess of $300.00/night. The problem was in the dealings with the hotel management. We found them to be inflexible in every way. The wedding took place on a beautiful terrace overlooking the city of San Francisco. After the reception, the professional photographer wanted to take some twilight photos of the bride and groom on the terrace. Unfortunately, the door to the outdoor terrace had been locked, and the hotel representative was unwilling to unlock the door for photographs because, &quot;it was not in the original contract.&quot; This wedding cost well over $20,000, including 8 rooms that were reserved for guests, and my son was charged additional fees for every slight change that was made to the original reservation. There was also an issue involving the suite that my son had originally reserved for his wedding night. He had selected a specific suite because of the view; however, the hotel gave the suite to another guest who wanted to stay in the room for a longer period of time. My son and his bride were given a less desireable room on the other side of the hotel. We were disappointed that the Mandarin Oriental was so unaccommodating when so much money had been spent for this special occasion. Beautiful hotel, but very expensive and inflexible.	
Sep 17 2008 	great view pretty good service tired and dirty room	We booked the Bay view room. It had a spectacular view of the bay, the Golden Gate bridge and Alcatraz. The room itself was kind of tired. The bathroom was small, had one sink, and didn't feel fresh or particularly clean. It felt old, and the water pressure in the shower was a joke, beyond water saver and into water miser. The service was mixed, some great (room service) and some not so great (front desk.) It definitely wasn't worth the price tag.	
Sep 16 2008 	Great Stay	The Mandarin Oriental, San Fran is just simply awesome. I was there with family and we had two rooms on the 42nd Floor. One was a Bridge to Bridge booked through AMEX platinum, so it included a meal credit for $40, which was nice.So here is the low down:LOCATION:It is in the financial district. Not great for tourist. Totally dead at night. You can walk to Chinatown but I recommend taxi at night to anywhere.CHECK-INQuick and easy. They offered us complimentary tea in our room when we arrived at 4:00 pm. The tea arrived with almond cookies around 20 minutes after we were in room. It was nice to relax and sip tea.ROOMSpacious, especially the Bridge to Bridge. Great views. Nice bathtub. Very skimpy on the toiletries. Great bed. Nice 42in Flat ScreenGYMVery small, 4 treadmills and some machines. Nothing special.Overall it was a great stay. IN a different league than the Omni around the corner where I stayed on previous visit.	
Aug 31 2008 	Good but not great...	A very nice hotel, by any standards. Very nice rooms and great views. But its not up to par to other Mandarin hotels we visited (Prague, Miami, Munich)... The service was average with no real care or attention... The location is also just ok, but its quite a walk to any sights or shopping...Will choose the Four Seasons or St Regis for our next stay as they are closer to the action...	
Aug 31 2008 	If you're going to San Francisco...	I should have known from the outset when reservations at first agreed and then refused to honour this Mandarin Oriental's stay two nights get one free deal with American Express Centurion - apparently because the room category which we wished to book was too high. As well documented, the hotel occupies the upper levels of a tower block. First impressions were not good - the lobby is dark and shabby and light years away from other Mandarins such as in Miami. Things did not improve when we entered our Dynasty Suite - the rooms were dark and the layout not at all attractive. Whilst the soft furnishings had supposedly recently been upgraded, the decor in the two bathrooms was shocking - poor lighting, seventies' style mini tiles in the shower and the shower head height located somewhere around my chest. On our floor at least, the rooms were laid out in a barbell with approximately six in a cul de sac formation at each end of the hotel. This very quickly became an issue when we became aware of the sound proofing in the suite - there is none. With our bed headboard adjacent to the hallway door, we were consistently bombarded by the thud of bedroom doors slamming closed. Having just arrived from a transatlantic flight, we were looking forward to relaxing and catching up on some sleep on the first few days of our vacation - forget it. The non-stop din of housekeeping and other guests coming and going ensured that we left shattered after three days of disrupted sleep. The dining room, where we had breakfast, continued to same dark and tired theme perpetuated throughout the property.	
Aug 30 2008 	Beautiful hotel	I'm a local to the SF Bay area and have stayed here twice (July 08 &amp; Nov. 05) with visiting out of town family. We have all enjoyed it greatly both times. My family stays at many up scale resorts and hotels and raves about this place and I agree with them. Each time we stayed, the rooms were a bit different. We got 2 rooms, adjoining, each time. One for my sis and hubby and one for me and their kids (I'm fill in nanny when they go on vacation...). Their rooms were always nicer than the kid's room, but even the kid's room was superb. The views each time awesome; the master bath astounding, most recently with a bathtub that overlooked the city. The tea upon arrival most inviting and soothing (hot chocolate was provided for the kids and was some of the best we've had). Have a drink in the bar - they have some very tasty and original cocktails. We did not hear any noise either stay. And, yes, it is dead in the financial district on the weekends and after 7 or 8 during the week. If you're into nightlife, take a cab or the hotels complimentary shuttle, if available. Everyone should stay here at least once. It is a little pricey, but worth it in every way.	
Aug 24 2008 	Great rooms great views!	I recently spent three nights at the Mandarin Oriental for a quick leisure trip to San Francisco. I spent many hours trying to decide where to stay. On my last trip in June I chose the Four Seasons; it was a superlative experience and a good value to boot. But I wanted something different. I originally booked the St. Regis, but the numerous Trip Advisor comments about noise worried me; the location of the Ritz Carlton does not appeal to me, so sort of by default that got me to the Mandarin Oriental.After reading all the reviews of this property, I can say that I understand both the positive and the negative comments. No hotel is perfect (or at least I haven't been there yet!), so it really depends on what you value for your money. Let me start with the positives.1. As everyone says, the view is unbeatable. I had an executive king with a view south and west. I could see some of the Bay Bridge, but very little of the Golden Gate. If that view is important to you, you need to book a higher category room. Expect to pay $100-200 more per night for that privilege. And, as others have noted, there is no guarantee that you will have that view if there is thick fog, as there was for most of my stay.2. I loved the layout and decor of the room. In fact, I was shown a bridge to bridge room and a Mandarin king (the pricey one) and the living area in my room was more spacious. The color scheme (red, gold, white) is cheerful yet soothing. The furnishings, art work, throw pillows, bamboo plant, sheer blinds, etc. are all lovely. The bed linens were top of the line, really, really silky smooth. Great air conditioning, although I'm not sure I really needed it in the chilly August fog. 3. The hotel is very quiet for a big city. I think being on the 41st floor keeps out a lot of street noise. I heard doors in the halls, but not people, even on a fully booked Saturday night. There are only about 15 rooms per floor, divided by the walkway, so there just aren't that many guests to make noise. Now for the not so good.1. As a luxury hotel bathroom junkie, the M.O. was a bit disappointing. Mine was a bit small, with a very narrow tub. There are appeared to be three types of wall covering, the ugliest of which is in the separate shower. In the other rooms I saw the walls of the separate shower were marble where mine was just ugly yellow tile. The Mandarin King bath with the tub by the window is lovely, but it does not compare to the bath at the Four Seasons. The towels were a bit scratchy and I didn't care for the toiletries. I went from two bathmats on the first day, to one on the second to none of the third. Housekeeping must have forgotten. But the room itself was super clean.2. The public areas of the hotel are sort of dark and pretty small. I don't spend time in public areas, so this didn't matter to me. But the appeal of the hotel is on the upper floors. It's really too bad that Silks has no natural light windows because it is a pretty space.3. I was on a breakfast package so I had two meals in Silks and one from room service. They were okay. Be aware that you are kept to a $32 per per person maximum for the package. At the Four Seasons they just paid whatever I spent (one breakfast upwards of $50). 4. For the non-smokers: this hotel is pretty lax about smoking in rooms. I was told the only floor where smoking was allowed was on the 48th, but there was definitely a fresh cigarette smell in my 41st floor room on Saturday night. One of the staff told me that they don't charge people for smoking in non-smoking rooms as there are a lot of Asian and European clients who smoke. I found this annoying.5. No wifi the rooms, ethernet connection only. Not enough information about TV channels and no info on PPV. 6. The staff did not impress me much. Check in was chaotic -- the person serving me seemed not to know what she was doing, and there was a problem processing my credit card. It turns out it was the M.O. system and not my card, but the 15 minutes spent trying to figure this out was embarassing and annoying. I found the breakfast server unfriendly.But these negatives do not outweigh the positives, and all things considered, I would definitely stay here again. The price was reasonable for a luxury hotel in one of the world's greatest cities, and I really, really loved the room. The pictures posted on trip advisor and on the hotel website are accurate. Enjoy!	
Aug 20 2008 	Loved the Mandarin	We stayed here for three nights with our two teenage children and five year old at the start of our tour of the Californian coast. What a stunning start to our holiday!When we arrived we were met on the steps as we stepped out of our taxi by a young lady who addressed us by our names. She whisked us past the check in desk, straight up to our rooms, and we checked in from there. There was plenty of water for us after our flight, we were offered tea, and there were cookies for the children. The rooms were so beautiful and the VIEW.... well it was staggering.While we were there everyone was so kind and helpful to us. We chatted to the doormen a few times and they went out of their way to help us, it was the same with everyone. They all had a genuine smile for us, it was wonderful.We had a drink in the bar, that was a lovely experience. We had breakfast in Silks which was very nice although quite expensive.One warning - nothing to do with the hotel but on Saturday night it seems like everything in this district is closed. Even McDonalds, can you believe it! We wanted a simple meal out and couldnt find one on foot that didnt involve seafood. We gave up and found a Subway open near the Ferry Building in the end, and walking around at that time of night in an empty neighbourhood was not a great experience. I think it is probably better in other parts of the city to wander at night.Anyway - brilliant hotel, I would recommend it to everyone.	
Aug 18 2008 	Lives up to its reputation!	We wanted to stay at a nice hotel in SF and we decided on the Mandarin Oriental, though usually, we try the Four Seasons. We were told by friends that live there that the Four Seasons was in a not very nice area so we settled on the Mandarin Oriental. The service was superb, as expected, very professional and friendly, from the check-in to the concierge and everybody else. The room was very nice, decorated with an Asian touch but modern (mentioning this cause the Oriental in Bangkok was a bit too much for me), the bathroom was huge and had Molton Brown products and the best part was the view. Even though we were not on the best side of the hotel in terms of the view, it was still pretty breathtaking. I loved the small things that make the difference, they brought us tea upon arrival in this perfect looking basket, the room had a flat screen TV and a DVD player so we got a movie to watch on Sunday night. The only thing that I found annoying was the parking, of course there is a garage but it is 50 USD per night, I guess to be expected in that city but I still thought it was a lot. During the weekend, you can park on the street but not on weekdays. We managed to park in another garage for 30 USD, a few blocks away.	
Jul 26 2008 	what a view!	Fabulous views from the 38th floor and up. Very comfortable rooms. Very good, friendly service. Very expensive though. Hotel parking at $45 a night?! Come on. Hotel itself needs some refurbishing.elevators and acrpets look a little worn.	
Jul 22 2008 	Perfect	We stayed at the Mandarin in San Fran twice - at the beginning and at the end of our trip to the US West Coast. The service - starting from the check-in to the cleaning service - was impeccable, smooth and just perfect. Upon arrival, we checked into a stunning room which had wonderful views across the bay, the Golden Gate bridge and the City. Fantastic facilities. We were greeted with fresh jasmine tea and biscuits.The Hotel's facilities are good - it lacks a health club unfortunately - but we were more than compensated by the service and the room.In particular, Mandarin's concierges are superb. They will go that extra mile to make your stay special. Not only did we receive fantastic recommendations for restaurants (Chaya), they also provided a gift wrapping service and much more.Overall, the staffs' attention to detail is striking and I cannot false the hotel in any way. Make sure you get a room with a view over the bay.Quick summary:Location - very good - you can reach the waterfront, Union Square and Nob Hill in no timeFacilities - good (no health club/spa, but there is one across the street which you can access)Atmosphere - good (it is a business hotel)Service - outstandingRooms - outstanding	
Jul 20 2008	Truly a Five Star Hotel -Service is Impeccable	We loved everything about this hotel. The room had all of the usual perks: the fabulous sheets and tasteful furnishings of a 5 star hotel, but what really set this hotel apart was the amazing service and fabulous views.The view from our room and from the hallways leading to our room on the 48th floor were worth the price alone. The location was within easy walking distance to the wonderful Saturday Farmer’s market at the Ferry Building (go early and follow the line of people headed for the homemade Mexican breakfast on the back side of the market). The California line of the cable car line is just down the block, pay $11 each and ride to the end of the line and back as many times as you want just for the experience, fun to do very late at night. And a taxi was rarely more than $10 from this hotel to places in town. Deserves every one of its five stars for the accommodating staff.	
Jul 15 2008 	Go to the Fairmont!!	I expected alot more from this Mandarin. Management had absolutely no regard for the patrons. They closed the lounge on a Friday nite for a private party without any prior notice to guests and summarily told us to get out. They made no attempt at satisfying us with anything. All we got were a bunch of &quot;I&quot;m sorry's&quot;. Only two elevators and the whole time we were there one or the other was out. Expect a 10 -15 minute wait to get a ride up or down. Do yourself a big favor and, for the money you are spending, go to the Fairmont.	
Jul 15 2008 	Perfect Perch for July 4 Fireworks	Stayed here two nights over July 4 holiday weekend in a Bay View Queen, which was a steal at $295 per night. The queen rooms aren't huge, but are certainly comfortable enough and the bathrooms are quite large even in this smaller room category. The absolutely spectacular view, taking in the &quot;greatest hits&quot; of San Francisco--Transamerica Pyramid, Coit Tower, Alcatraz, and the Golden Gate--makes the room feel larger. From my room, I could lie in bed and look at the GG in the distance. I also had a perfectly-framed view of the fireworks down at the Embarcadero. The lobby is smallish, but the greeting staff is top-notch and you will feel like a cherished guest every time you enter or exit. The lounge is just off the lobby and can't quite escape its '80s layout, but there is a great deal of seating so you could usually get a quiet table. Bar staff is professional and attentive. Dinner at Silks, tucked away by itself on the 2nd floor, was a relaxed, calming, and delicious evening. The restaurant's more of a lunch spot, so evenings tend to be quiet. The chef's tasting menu was wonderfully creative and had four well-sized courses plus three amuse-bouche servings, including a post-dessert combo of hot chocolate and bitter German beer that was an innovative meal-ender. I had figured the price was so good on the holiday because of the Financial District location being a bit off the usual tourist path. However, I found the location to be quite convenient. It was a five-minute walk from the Montgomery St. BART station, a ten-minute walk from the Ferry Building [you must try Cowgirl Creamery], and ten-minute walk [straight up] to Nob Hill. If you're a hotel junkie like me, you can explore the Fairmont [lethal rum drinks at the Tonga Room], the Mark Hopkins, the Ritz-Carlton, and the Huntington all in one easy loop once on Nob Hill. Other SF must-dos: Dinner at Gary Danko will leave you reaching for superlatives; Cafe Claude is a nifty French bistro on the edge of Chinatown; a bay cruise under the Golden Gate bridge is awe-inspiring.All in all, even with the many great hotels in SF, I would feel very comfortable returning to the Mandarin Oriental. The complimentary basket of green tea and cookies on arrival set a welcoming tone that continued through my stay. As some others have commented, there was often a wait for an elevator, but that's the only negative comment I have.	
Jul 6 2008 	Outsanding!!	Visited this property for the first time on July 4th. The customer service was outstanding! From the moment we entered the small, welcoming lobby we were greeted and promptly helped. The staff was extremely polite and helpful.The room was amazing. Clean. Spacious. View. Bed. Shower. Everything. There was even a refreshing smell as you entered the room that was immediately noticed. Everything in the room was in great shape, perfectly placed and well decorated.Concierge was great helping us find a pub for dinner/drinks and brunch the next day. The only thing we noticed that seemed a distraction was the lack and speed of the elevators. There are only 2 that service the top floors where the hotel rooms are. They were busy and you had to wait a few minutes each way. But, in comparison to the other things this place offered.. it was nothing to worry about!Will return without question.	
Jun 30 2008 	Loved this place!	We arrived at this hotel 4 hours prior to check-in time and they still had our room ready for us! Our intital impression of the hotel was that it was very luxurious and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful.We had a bridge to bridge room, and as you can see from my photos, we had a spectacular view of the city! The room was immaculately clean, tidy and beautiful. Soon after check in, some Chinese tea and cookies were delivered to us and we were offered a room demonstration (we declined this but it still was a nice touch).We went out for a few hours but made sure we got back to the room in time for sunset, which was breathtaking. We were able to walk to Union Square in 10 minutes.Rooms were equipped with free internet access, a widescreen television and a fully stocked minibar. The bathroom was large and had a walk in shower as well as a bathtub. Molten Brown toiletries were supplied which was a bonus!We decided we didn't want to leave the room and opted for room service dinner. We ordered chicken noodle soup, a cheeseburger, fillet mignon (with garlic fries), and chocolate fondant cakes for dessert. It was quite pricey but delicious and nice for a one off treat. Check out was quick and convienent, with the staff taking good care of our transport requirements to the airport.This hotel was fabulous and I would definitely reccomend that you stay there, even for just one night. I will no doubt be in San Francisco again, and if my budget can stretch to it, the Mandarin will be on the top of my hotel list:)	
Jun 15 2008 	A GEM	What more can you say about the best hotel in town.Everything a good hotel should do for its guests,but this hotel does it better. The staff treat you as family and good friends	
May 19 2008 	Don't telll everyone!	The only place to stay in San Francisco. They say the Queen room is only for business travellers but we thought it was as good as the King. Go for a bay view rooms and you won't be disappointed, it really is worth it!	
May 19 2008 	Brilliant	It was the first stop of our my Honeymoon... booked on site and reviewed. It is expensive but if you can stretch the budget do it. We were on the 48th floor on a corner , the room was fab , staff , very helpful, friendly etc .I would really give this place 10 out of 10. , good central position also.	
May 14 2008	Excellent	Located in the CBD with fabulous views of the city.We stayed in a bridge to bridge view room on the 44th room. A luxury room with a big bathroom. Couldn't have asked for anymore!The staff were helpful and polite.Great place to stay!	
May 10 2008 	A view of the Bridge	We have frequently flown to San Francisco this last year on family business. Of four hotels that we have stayed in we now have a strong preference for the Mandarin.The Mandarin takes up the top floors of one of the tallest buildings in San Francisco. If you stay there you are very likely to have a spectacular water view. That is something that is oddly difficult to find in San Francisco hotels.The service at the hotel is excellent-- fast, unpretentious, quiet and low key. The decor is understated, oriental influenced and well designed with an intelligent lay-out that contributes to the feeling of spaciousness.They handled our rental car quickly and efficientlyIn SF we have stayed at the Four Seasons, the Ritz Carlton and the Omni in the last year and liked all of them except the Four Seasons, (which is grim) but when we return, we intend to book at the Mandarin.	
May 5 2008 	Great Stay	We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental SF for 2 days at the beginning of our trip to california . This was the 3rd Mandarin Oriental we have stayed at and like the other's it did not disappoint . One of the reasons we chose it was that as we were staying at a weekend it would be quiet in the financial District and we needed a couple of really good nights sleep to acclimatise to the different time zone. That is exactly what we did, the room was very quiet and the bed very comfortable. We stayed in a deluxe room and it was a good size and the bathroom was huge.All staff members we met were very helpful &amp; friendly . Great views from the walkway.The only down side is at the weekends alot of the local restaurants &amp; coffee shops are closed on the weekends, but on weekdays there are plenty of places to go .We would definitely stay here again .	
Apr 29 2008	First Class Service and Views	Originally had a reservation for a Bay King room through the American Express Fine Hotel and Resort program (which would have been upgraded to the Bridge to Bridge room), but found the Seasonal Rate offered directly by the hotel for the Bridge to Bridge room was better, so cancelled AMX and booked directly with the hotel.Views from this room on the 44th floor were spectacular. The room itself was nicely furnished and the bathroom was clean and functional. Only minor complaint is that the bed was a bit soft for me although I'm not sure if it was due to its age or simply the style.Service as others have noted was absolutely first class. Loved the complimentary tea service, front desk, conceirge and valet were all great.The seasonal package provided a $32 credit per person for breakfast, which you'd think would cover a typical breakfast, but it didn't. I found myself going over by $10-15 each day for 2 of us. Food was very good except for the potatoes which were nothing more than diner style hash browns that were cold and tasteless on 2 separate tries. Ordered cream cheese for my bagel and was charged $3.00 for a scoop fitting a weight watchers program. $15 per day for internet access, but didn't need it as my Verizon wireless card worked just fine on the 44th floor.Those who appreciate good service or who want to stare out at Alcatraz or the surrounding areas will not be disappointed. If $3.00 cream cheese or $15 internet bothers you (and it rightfully might given their hotel rates), you may find some minor disappointment.	
Apr 6 2008 	Great views	I escaped for one night to San Francisco to visit a friend and unwind, and the Mandarin definitely helped with unwinding with attentive staff and a luxurious room.The hotel is on top of an office building, on floors 40-48, and this means there are some amazing views, especially from the hallway connecting the 2 towers. My room was upgraded from a deluxe to executive deluxe simply by asking at check-in: weekends are slow at this business-oriented hotel. The upgrade meant I got a corner room with 3 large windows and lots of sunlight. Highlights of the room include an extremely comfortable bed and a large, flat-panel, HDTV with actual HD channels on the cable - something many hotels don't bother with. There's also a DVD player attached. The bathroom had a shower stall with great water pressure and a separate tub.Service from the staff was great, with a welcoming tea upon arriving in my room and a well-presented room service breakfast. Sight-seeing suggestions were well described and mapped out by the concierge.The main item lacking from the hotel is a spa. There is a moderate-sized workout room in the hotel, and diagonally across the street is a full-service gym and spa.The location is 2-3 blocks from BART, so access is easy from both Oakland and SFO airports via public transit.	
Mar 10 2008 	Hotel staff can't be this good?	Our first stop on a Californian tour in February was this hotel. We booked a twin bridges room, stunning views of the two bridges and the City, way up on the 42nd floor! Our first contact with the Hotel was with Michael Dunlap the Concierge, who planned our stay and eating.We eat at two awesome restaurants, did a touristy city tour, and just soaked up San Francisco from this magnificent and very comfortable hotel.Sure, it is expensive - but the staff genuinely smile with a warmth so special that you feel a million bucks! Nothing was too much trouble...... a great and very comfortable hotel	
Feb 29 2008 	Loved the Mandarin Oriental	Everything about the Mandarin Oriental hotel is service, service, service. This is the way all guests should be treated! Everyone we came in contact with associated with this hotel were friendly and extremely pleasant. The rooms were fine - loved the beds and linens. We had perfect weather which really added to the spectacular views from our room. If you have a fear of heights, this is not the hotel for you! I would not recommend eating dinner at Silks- was not impressed at all. It's fine for breakfast. We will defnitely stay here again!	
Feb 25 2008 	The best hotel I've stayed in while in SF	I found myself in the financial district in San Francisco last weekend without a place to stay and was wandering near the Mandarin, so I stopped in to see what they had in terms of availability.In short, the entire experience was superb from the moment I approached the property to day I left. The doorman was courteous, the bellhop was friendly and the extremely helpful and professional receptionist had me in a room on the 45th floor in short order.Not only was the room fantastic - stunning view, comfortable and inviting bed, impeccable furnishings - the service was top notch as well. From chatting with me, the receptionist gathered I'd flown in recently and had the concierge contact me to inquire if I'd eaten. After telling him I had not, he quickly managed to procure a reservation for me at an amazing spot *and* got me great table as well (which I don't know how he managed, given the place was absolutely packed).Simply put, if you feel like being pampered, check out the Mandarin Oriental.	
Feb 25 2008 	My second stay in as many months	My first stay in January was so nice that I rebooked with them on my next trip to SFO (in February). The front desk staff made a point to welcome me back and thank me for my continued business. I definately knew I had made the right choice staying here again.I love the complimentary hot tea they deliver right after you check in, and the room service attendants are always very friendly and polite.This trip my room was on the 44th floor and the views are breathtaking! The binoculars in each room are a nice touch and the beds are high enough that you can sit in bed and see the bay as well as traffic on the bridge.Nice fitness center, great business center (above average in my experience with hotels) and even the restaurant - Silks - is great.	
Feb 18 2008 	great hotel	i stayed at the mandarin oriental on a friday night...check out their website...they might have weekend specials. anyway...i stayed so that i wouldn't have to drive home after theatre. the hotel is located in the heart of the financial district which is quiet on the weekends and it's within walking distance of sf's finest shopping...chinatown is within walking distance too... it isn't that close to the theatres...but...a short taxi ride. the room was incredibly clean and the furnishings were in very good condition. the bed was very comfortable, the room smelled fresh...not like lysol. the bathroom is marble with a shower ad tub. have you seen pic's of rooms that looked great...but...when you see the real room its &quot;shopworn&quot; and dingy around the edges...well...the mandarin was spotless. the view was spectacular...all the rooms start on top floors... parking was a bit pricy...but...very convenient.	
Feb 15 2008 	Always a great stay...	Every time I visit San Francisco I try to stay at the Mandarin. My first visit just blew my mind and things have not changed with age.This visit nearly did not happen due to an email miscommunication between myself and a member of the MO team. But we managed to resolve our differences very amicably (and all my own fault really) and I got the room I wanted for an acceptable price.It has to be said the MO is not cheap. Especially when you are a leisure traveller and not on business expenses! But the service is exceptional, the MO people always appear genuinely pleased to see you and make your stay really pleasant. You feel special every time you walk in.After service and hospitality the next best thing is... the views. This hotel has the best views of San Francisco you have ever seen and an upgrade to a room with a Golden Gate view is well worth it. The views are indescribable. I knew what to expect, but it still takes my breath away, my girlfriend had not been and was, as I anticipated, stunned! As I did on my first visit, she sat and drank in the views for an hour after we arrived :-)I do love the place and will always try to visit if and when I am in the area although I would note there are one or two very small niggles starting to appear. I doubt they will remain for long and do not spoil anything but things like the heat lamp timer in the bathroom being from the 80's and the TV speaker in the bathroom not working were surprising. But Ia) who really needs those things and b) I repeat... the hotel is still fantastic!The turn down service is wonderful and when you return in the evening it feels like home (although I urge you to open the curtains again to take in the sensational night time city view).Being in the financial district the hotel is well placed for all transport, including a tram at the end of the block. Close to the bay and very close to the main shopping centres. Not so close to Fishermans Wharf but that's not such a bad thing.I can't wait to return :-)	
Feb 10 2008 	Best Choice for Honeymoon	The Mandarin is a wonderful hotel. My wife and I stayed there after getting married before leaving to Hawaii and we were treated very well. The staff is very attentive and the rooms are great. We stayed in the bridge to bridge room and it was a wonderful site. Very romantic and a great choice.	
Jan 12 2008 	Simply - THE BEST!	Boy, it's going to be tough to write this review. I am not sure I can gush enough about this fine hotel.When you drive up, the hotel is not overdone, it's simple. The hotel sent a car to the airport for us and the car alerted the hotel we were coming. The manager and a assistant greeted us on the sidewalk.Our check in was done in the room, we never had to stop by the front desk. Then hot tea arrived the room with Asian cookies. The kids had stuffed animals and baseball caps on their beds!We had two rooms, the larger room had a stunning bay view. Our bathroom had a tub that overlooked the bay. I can't tell you how relaxing it was to soak in a hot tub and have the whole city of San Francisco below you!This is one hotel I could just sit in the hotel room and never leave.The service is top rate. You don't have to ask for anything, some how the staff seems to understand what you need and they do cartwheels to make you happy. The staff in my view is one of the best group of hotel employees in the world.The concierge staff is the best in the world. They suggested restaurants and treated the kids like family. We were offered the hotel car for dinner and never had to get a cab to go anywhere.This is exactly what a dream hotel stay should be. Perfect rooms, wonderful views, attentive staff and San Francisco. I can't describe how perfect our stay at this hotel was....I can't wait to go back!	
Jan 8 2008 	The best view in San Francisco	To put it simply, the Mandarin Oriental is as good as its hype - if you're going to San Francisco it's really worth paying the extra. The view from our room on the 45th floor was simply the best view from a hotel I have ever had. We could see all the way from the Golden Gate Bridge round to Alcatraz, and from the sky bridge (which you cross when coming out of the lift) you can see the other side of the city too. Being used to staying in small hotels with no view whatsoever in New York, this was a real treat!The room has lovely facilities and a huge bathroom with a big bath (which makes a change from those small, shallow ones) with a separate shower cubicle. Nice comfortable bed and good (quiet) air con.Very nice service, although the restaurant was closed so didn't get a chance to try that out. Booked directly with the hotel website as that was the best rate.Will definitely stay here again when in San Fran, would miss the view too much to stay anywhere else!	
Jan 6 2008 	You'll love the attention to detall at the Mandarin Oriental.	My husband and I recenlty stayed at the Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco. We have stayed at M.O. before in New York and fell in love with their attention to service. Upon arrival we were greeted warmly and offered complimentary tea service. We asked for early check in and were granted early check in at 11:00 a.m. We were greeted by hotel employees as we entered and exited the hotel. They were very warm and friendly and even greeting us by name. Our room had a wonderful view of the Golden Gate Bridge and the Coit Tower. We had our tea service in the afternoon after a day of shopping. The tea pot arrived in a large basket along with almond cookies. After we came back from dinner, cold water was waiting for us along with slippers next to our bed. We had a wonderful stay. My only issue was our neighbors who departed in the middle of the night. They were very loud and entered and exited their room several times before departure. The clock alarm also went off at 5:00 a.m. so I guess the last guest forgot to turn it off. I finally took the battery out since I couldn't figure out how to turn it off at 5:00 a.m. in the dark. Minus these few events which the hotel had no control of we had a great stay. I would advise that some local restaurants were closed when we arrived. I believe that since this is a business area that some small restaurants are closed on the weekends. This is not a big deal since you will want to experience the wonderful restaurants in other parts of the city especially Micheal Mina at the Westin St. Francis. Hands down my favorite restaurant. The attention to detail at this restaurant is amazing. The lobster pot pie is to die for. When we departed the hotel we were offered coffee to go.	
Jan 1 2008 	Superb views	We stayed here on the last night of our trip from New York (we drove across, via Seattle) as we decided that we deserved some luxury after all those middle-of-nowhere motels! We booked a Bridge to Bridge room which had a 180 degree view from the Golden Gate to the Oakland Bay Bridge, and it really was amazing! The hotel itself is in the business district but the area had quite a lot of parking which was a bonus. We decided to take full advantage of our room so didn't venture out into the surrounding area, however as we were there on a Sunday night everything seemed very quiet when we drove in. The ground floor reception area is nice, clean, modern and well decorated with a very polite reception staff who booked us in quickly and with no fuss. The ground floor has a nice bar/lounge area where they serve lovely cocktails, a great variety of wines and delicious (complimentary) snacks of nuts and olives. I have to admit that my one reservation about staying here was also the main reason for the stay - the height. The room was on the 42nd floor which gave it such beautiful and stunning views (from the large windows as well as the glass walled corridors) but also meant a long elevator ride, which for a claustrophobic was quite a daunting prospect. Thankfully, the elevators are large and airey and speed directly to the 40th floor (they don't stop before this as the first 39 floors are offices) so the experience was pretty painless! The rooms themselves are wonderful with large, comfortable beds and sparkling, well laid out bathrooms. We ordered room service and spent the evening eating incredible stone baked pizzas and drinking champage whilst admiring the view and it is an experience I would highly recommend. The complimentary binoculars were very much appreciated and came in handy for zooming in on Alcatraz and the Bridges. All in all, this a wonderful place to stay, it's extremely comfortable and whilst it may be a little more expensive than other places the views make it worth every single penny. I would definitley recommend the Bridge to Bridge room for a great night!	
Dec 17 2007 	A fantastic hotel! Exceptional service	I stayed at this hotel for four nights in October 2007. It is one of the best hotels available in terms of personal service.The location of this hotel is in the financial districts -- very close to most things. The entrance to the hotel is not exactly grand: it is after all not a huge property. But the rooms are lovely and spacious, mostly on high floors, with spectacular views towards the Golden Gate bridge and Alcatraz. The service is truly exceptional. The doorman recognises me and greets me by name each time I go through the front door, which is a nice touch. The gym is ... well, not so wonderful. It's small and tucked away in a room the size of a broom cupboard. But otherwise, delightful stay.	
Dec 13 2007 	still the best in SF	The MO San Francisco still rates a mostly five star rating from me. I always return because the hotel is subtle, quiet, great service, great views and food.Pros: Everythinga) check in flawlessb)views amazingc)quiet..............most SF hotels are noisier.d) tastefule}great food The only &quot;con&quot; is that the Mandarin Suite is next to the elevator. I have stayed in it now four times and I am lucky that the master bedroom is away from the elevator. Being noise prone, I am safely away from the elevator sound. The second bedroom is lovely but nearest to the elevator and with the proximity comes noise. Amongst all the others in SF, the MO is and has been for me always the best. Not to trash the others, in comparison to the Ritz (tired rooms with no views), the Four Seasons ( nice enough but with Hilton tendencies).........this is a lovely respite in SF.This is the best hotel in SF. The one bedroom suites are on higher floors with even better views.	
Dec 11 2007 	Could not have Asked for More	Where to start, everything about this hotel was wonderful. The front desk staff was charming and friendly. We had booked through American Express Fine Hotel and Resorts Program and received an upgrade from a bay view queen to an Executive Corner King. Staff sent up Jasmine Tea and a bottle of Cabernet within a few minutes of checking in. Turndown service was wonderful and was available until 9:30 at night, which was perfect for us since we were not meeting friends until 9. Every time you walked in or out they welcomed you. We had breakfast at Silks both days which was wonderful, they have a bunch of specialties everyone should try (the chicken hash was out of this world). We were fortunate and were on the top floor, the 48th, the views were out of this world. We had friends over who lived in San Francisco and they could not believe how far you could see. Everything about the room was top notch, flat screen TV, Molton Brown toiletries, sheets so soft that you didn’t want to get up. The immediate area is quiet on the weekend, but walk 5 blocks and you are at Union Square, Ferry building, etc. Overall, a top notch hotel, in a wonderful city.	
Nov 29 2007 	excellent	&quot;only four days&quot; beautiful room with just incrededible service they even let us use the hotel car (lincoln) for short hops. just the best! if you can afford it . do it.	
Nov 27 2007	Wow what a Place!!	Fantastic!! What a great place!! Everyone sooo friendly and nice. We had kids with us and they were most welcome. Brilliant views (3rd tallest building in SF) we could see the Golden Gate bridge from the bath tub!! Great Food! Good Service and a wonderful place to remember!	
Nov 5 2007 	Mandarin Oriental was a perfect hotel!	The service we received at the Mandarin Oriental was outstanding! Absolutely every employee we spoke with was extremely helpful and friendly. Our room was gorgeous overlooking the Bay Bridge. We were impressed with all of the details - from the slippers and bottled water left next to the bed, the lavendar satchets left on our pillows,and all of the wonderful amenities. We had breakfast in Silks, and thefood and service were exceptional. This was our second visit to the Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco, and we would highly recommend thishotel!	
Oct 26 2007	Perfection with an upgrade	Stayed in the magnificient Oriental Suite for one night after being upgraded from their top deluxe guestroom. I had just checked out from the Ritz Carlton where my Louis Vuitton had been damaged after someone sneaked into my suite and tried to open the locked suitcase. The MO is superb despite a not so attractive location in the Financial District. Staff is great, nice without being snooty, service is excellent and the views are to die for. The in-room amenities are excellent and I wish I would have satyed longer to enjoy the space and views from my room. Look at the pictures and you will understand.	
Oct 3 2007 	Quite a disappointment	I stayed for two nights during the Annual meeting of the American Dental Association. Because of the high rate of attendees in the city the hotel charged the full rack rate of $610.00 per night. For this we received a spectacular view but that is where the good things ended.We checked in and recieved the high end service of being called by name and escorted to the elevator by the &quot;lobby ambassador&quot;Shortly after check-in we ventured out for dinner. It took 35 minutes for the doorman to get a cab for us. We learned later that the hotel promotes a car service that they bill directly and as a result cabbies are reluctant to service them. What we discovered later was the car service, billed through them was double the price of booking it on your own.After returning from dinner we opened the door to our room and a tremendous amount of particles rained down upon us from the vvent located directly above the door. Our clothes literally looked as if we had been out in snow. The particles were also pulled through the room creating a layer of dust over everything.After many calls the manager came to the room and assured that this was a result of filters being changed that day and the particles were not harmful. He also assured us that the room would be thoroughly cleaned the next day. For our inconvenience we were to receive breakfast and an adjustment to our $610.00 rate. What we got was a basket of cold pastries, a pot of coffee and a $40.00 adjustment.My schedule requires travel 20 nights a month and I can assure you this property will never be on my list. High rates in San Francisco are understandable but calling my by name and escorting me to the elevator does not take the place of making things right when things go this wrong.	
Sep 10 2007	MO compares favorably to Four Seasons 	My two favorite hotels in SF are the MO and the Inn Above Tide in Sausalito. I've stayed in the Four Seasons and the Ritz and many other hotels in SF. Four Seasons may have better rooms in terms of architecture and the modern facility, but the location is not desirable (too many homeless wandered nearby and didn't feel safe at night). Nothing stands out at the Ritz; it has no view and its location is mediocre; services were good but the decor is a bit stuffy, old school like, typical of the Ritz chain. The view, services, and location at the MO makes it the best choice for me.I stayed at the Bridge to Bridge View room in July 2006 and the Golden Gate Bridge Mandarin King in August 2007. The main difference is that the Mandarin King has a bathroom with the tub by a large window with fantastic view. From the 48th floor, watching clouds rolling in below us and birds flying by the window, we felt like we were in an airplane. The sky bridge on every floor provides panoramic view of the entire city. Check out my photos for the amazing view.The services at the MO are always top notch. It's not the kind of hotel to nickel and dime its guests (unlike many other five star hotels). The business center offers computers with free internet access and printing (FS and the Ritz charge like $10 for 15 minutes). Also, I called up the room service to inquire about the name of the complementary wine we received upon arrival and was instead offered another complementary bottle. Housekeeping services were good and discreet.Its location is the best compared to the the FS and the Ritz. It's close to Embarcadero and the clock tower, next to a cable car line and the Bart station, within walking distance to Chinatown and the downtown shopping area.The food from the room services were quite good but the taxes, services charges, and gratuity accounted for a third of the bill. I didn't like the fact the the invoice include both 18% gratuity and services charges of $2.5/person, it seems like double charging but at least it's disclosed properly.Overall, the hotel is worth splurging for the best rooms and we plan to come back every summer.	
Sep 5 2007 	Incredible Hotel - it makes memories!	My wife and I just experienced a couple of days at the Mandarin Oriental. The hotel is the best hotel that we have ever experienced - truly a 5 star. We were fortunate to have a room on the corner of the 45 floor and the views of the bay and city were spectacular. I cannot imagine any better views within the city. This was our first trip to explore San Francisco and we could not have been more pleased with our hotel experience. Room - outstanding from every perspective! The size of the room is huge - a spacious seating area with chairs and sofa, desk for business or internet use with an incredible view of the city all the way to Monster field. The hotel even provides binoculars to provide a close up view of all the city and the room has three large windows that almost provide panoramic views. The decor of the room is gold and black asian theme that is very tasteful and well done. The room is so spacious in ever way including the closet, built-ins for luggage, and a very large bathroom. The room has a large LG LCDTV that swivels for the entire viewing from any angle. A DVD player is also provided along with CD/radio for music and alarm. The window treatments were awesome in that there was a transparent screen and blinds with the Mandarin logo for allowing light in, but shielding the sun at the same time. The windows do open which was nice to allow some air into the room, but also allowed in some noise from the city below. Nice touch, but I would not think that many would open windows 45 floors up... The bed is elevated to allow you to enjoy the views out of the windows from the bed and the bedding is top notch. I normally do not sleep well in hotels when traveling, but this bed and bedding provided the best night's sleep ever - outstanding! The bathroom was quite large with separate large shower, tub, and plenty of space for everything. All of the accessories that you could imagine are provided down to the bathroom scales. Every detail was well planned and executed to the light switches for turning on/off lamps beside the bed. Everything was at your fingertips including a single remote control that controlled multiple electronic devices. We were delivered hot tea and cookies of our choice upon check-in. Turndown service provides house shoes, cloth on the floor for stepping into an out of bed, robes, window treatments closed, turndown, music, etc. the list goes on - dimmers on all lights, etc. Other minor details - the iron was the best ever at a hotel - high quality every place - marble and stainless in the bathroom, the soap and shampoo, etc.The elevator was extremely fast and the walk from the elevator across the bridge or connector provides the best views in the city - bay and city views - fabulous! I used the workout facility and it was very nice - TVs on the equipment with headphones provided - my only complaint for the workout facility was the treadmills did not provide any space to hold a bottle of water - you had to place on the floor which caused interruption in workout to stoop and get a bottle of water... They provided chilled water, apples, bananas, plenty of towels, very nice equipment with the exception of the treadmills as noted.The staff were very nice and would do everything to accommodate our requests. The concierge made Alcatraz reservations and made very good dinner recommendations outside of their hotel restaurant - Silks. We wanted to experience some of the other places for meals and did not dine at Silks within the hotel. Cons - valet parking is $50 per day - very pricey, but about the norm in San Fran. For the price of the daily room rate - it should include high speed internet - I think requiring additional $12.95 per day is ridiculous since every thing else is incredible. First impression - the lobby does not provide the overall first impression that you would expect from a 5 star hotel, but wait until you get off the elevator and move to a room before you judge the hotel. This hotel does not the have the marvelous lobby of the Fairmont per se, but the rooms are out of this world as compared to any other hotel in the city.I highly recommend the Mandarin Oriental for your next stay in San Francisco.	
Aug 30 2007	Good - but ........	The Mandarin Oriental was an interesting hotel. We sort of liked it, but didn't which seems rather vague I know! We stayed in a Bridge to Bridge room and our son was in a connecting Bay View Room. The rooms were great although a little small (long and narrow). The weather was not too good and we didn't really get the benefit of the fantastic views due to mist and fog, although this was nothing to do with the hotel!When we arrived we noticed that the lounge area was shrouded by black curtains as they were refurbishing the lounge. This was news to us and we hadn't been adivsed of this beforehand. We like to have a pre-dinner drink in a lounge so this was a disappointment to us as it was dim and gloomy.On two evenings we asked the front desk to book a restaurant for us. On both nights (although we were told verbally they had been booked) they hadn't which was rather disappointing and caused us a bit of hassle at the restaurants we thought we had booked.Finally, it was our wedding anniverary when we were there and this wasn't acknowledged either although our tour operator had told the hotel so. Pretty poor customer attention we thought.This may sound like doom and gloom but we are hoping that we were just unlucky, So don't be put off!! We like to give a balanced view, so there were good bits - good location, good bell boy and a brilliant view we are sure had the weather been on our side!!	
Aug 28 2007 	Another fantastic visit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	My husband and I have just returned from another 4 days at the Mandarin. All I can say is WOW!! We opted for a different room this time, the Bay Bridge King as we found the Mandarin King a bit too pricey. Well the room certainly did not let us down. Once again it offered, a huge bedroom with wall to ceiling views of Coit Tower, Alcatraz and the Bay Bridge. The bed is unbelievably comfortable with plush down and comforter. The room is serviced twice daily and is absolutely immaculate. The bathroom towels are constantly replaced with fresh ones, morning and night. This hotel is marvelous, loosen the purse strings and enjoy its definatly worth it!!!	
Aug 15 2007 	Yes we are Fans of the SF MO	My husband and I booked a two night stay at the SF Mandarin Oriental as a capstone to our anniversary trip to the Wine Country. We could not have felt more welcomed and special than the staff at the MO madeus feel. Upon arrival, our luggage disappeared to the mystical porter zone, and the front desk staff all greeted us and WELCOMED us by name. They wished us a happy anniversary and to a man they offered advice on things to do, places to see, making sure our stay was a pleasant one. By the way, their recommendations were spectacular!The hotel offers a complimentary car service (as available), but we really wanted to explore SF on foot, so they provided a street map and reminded us to call back if our feet became weary.Our room was a Bay View King (a complimentary upgrade!) and our unobstructed views of San Francisco Bay, Alcatraz, Golden Gate Bridgeand Coit Tower are memorialized in our photo album. Such tremendous vistas! This location is hard to beat!Room service sent up a complimentary pot of tea and the hotel also thoughtfully provided a lovely tray of sweet treats emblazoned with a chocolate anniversary greeting. We felt like visiting royalty. The room itself was beautifully appointed, looking exactly like the website's photo. Truth in advertising, what a rarity!We were so glad that our early request of arrival time was accommodated (1:00). It was so nice to settle into the room after the drive from Sonoma. The hotel's website has an extensive menu to determine your preferences.The hotel delivers on so may levels. The in-house restaurant, Silks, was an oasis of fine dining with entrees creatively and masterfully prepared and presented. The bar area downstairs was so chic and comfortable; we loved stopping in for a glass of wine after a day's shopping.We had heard that every member of the staff makes an effort to ensure your visit is a memorable one. We agree wholeheartedly with this observation. We'll return, we'll recommend it, we'll treasure our San Francisco memories. Thank you Mandarin Oriental!	
Jun 29 2007 	Great from start to finish	This hotel made me soooo happy! We stayed there the last few days of more than a weeklong vacation and had already stayed in the Bellagio (Las Vegas) followed by two Best Westerns (California coast). Once our taxi pulled up to the Mandarin we didn’t have to lift a finger to do anything except hoist martinis and shop for a few days. I always consider it a good sign that while we pay the taxi driver, our luggage miraculously moves to the bell captain’s desk, and the front desk staff addresses us by name when we walk into the lobby. The service at the Mandarin was impeccable, the room was fabulous, the staff courteous and perfect. We had a bridge-to-bridge view room which allowed us to see the entire bay from the Bay Bridge to the Golden Gate. The only obstruction was the Transamerica Pyramid which was very close by. Our room was on a corner and had huge windows. You could lie in bed (watching the big flat-screen TV) and see the skyline. The one drawback to our type of room, high up with great views, was that no one wants to close their curtains. If you aren’t careful you can see other people in their rooms, and they can see you. This is just something to be aware of. I mean, the room comes with binoculars so it is no surprise that a bit of people watching occurs. The bathroom was quite nice. There was a volume control on the wall by the sink so you could hear the TV or CD player in the next room while in the bathroom. The speaker was under the sink. I have stayed in a lot of hotels, but I have never seen this feature before. The hotel had great towels, robes and slippers, and Caswell Massey toiletries. Like many nice hotels, the room included a complimentary umbrella to use while in town. These may seem like minor things, but they certainly cut down on the amount of stuff you have to pack. Overall, the room was pristine – it was like we were the first people to stay there. I always want a hotel to be so nice that I am tempted to stay in my room rather than go outside. This is definitely one of those hotels. I would go back again and again.	
Jun 28 2007 	One of the best hotel chains in the World	I have had the pleasure of staying at three Mandarin Oriental Hotels around the World. They are one of the best in the world when it comes to service. I have been to their hotels in Oahu, and Hong Kong and if you have the opportunity to stay at a Mandarin Oriental book it, you will not be disappointed.The quality of service, the attention to detail and the comfort of the rooms are fantastic. The appetizers and drinks at the lobby bar are great. I took my wife here in the fall of 2006 and as mentioned several times the views from the sky bridge is breath taking. The fall is my favorite time of year to visit SF.	
May 20 2007 	A great view is not everything...	First the best: The overview was very great, from golden gate bridge to bay bridge, alcatraz in front, very very beautiful...The rest is not that, I expected from a hotel that price. A fire alert in the middle of the night and no one from the hotel was interested to tell us, if we have to go out or stay at our room at the 46th floor - high enough to get panicky a little bit - about fourty minutes later a fire fighter arrived an told us - on request - they don't know any fire, they don't know, where the alert comes from and they don't know, what to do. The hotel stuff was not interested in helping them or any other guests. The next morning the stuff at the reception nearly couldn't remind, that anything happened the night before. The stuff couldn't remind, that we had a reservation with romantic package - containing some champagne and breakfast - very ignorant.And the housekeeping wasn't interested in filling up the amenities for the second night. I don't mind, so we could clean our ears just the one day.All in all, we do not recommend the hotel, exept for the view.	
Apr 30 2007 	I am a Huge fan!	I stay in this hotel quite often on business, but also use it for occasional leisure stays. Service is absolutely top notch, and I find one of the reviews below which says you are treated as number in a computer curious at the very least and downright slanderous at worst. The staff goes out of their way to address you by name and provide as much or as little service as you wish.The criticisms of the bathrooms, however, are quite accurate. They were not refurbished in the recent remodeling and should have been. (One pet peeve is that the towels are not as luxurious as other luxury hotels I have stayed in, but that's sort of a minor issue.)The only other criticism I have is that while the TV's have all been updated and are plasma screens, the hotel has no movies on demand (yet, I am told).Other than the above, you will find finely appointed rooms, friendly and accomodating staff, and some of the best food in the city at Silks, the onsite restaurant. While some below criticize the size of the public areas, you should keep in mind this is a boutique hotel with no more than 110 rooms. That is a plus if you are looking for excellent service, as the small size allows the staff to attend to the guests. The lounge and bar are well-appointed and service is phenomenal.Other criticize the small workout room, but the fact is, it is seldom used and it is like having your own personal gym. Moreover, passes to Equinox Health Club &amp; Spa across the street are available, as well as passes to numerous other health clubs throughout the city.I have stayed in almost every other major hotel in the city, including the Ritz Carlton, the Omni and the Mark Hopkins. When given a choice, I always choose the Mandarin Oriental. It is simply the best hotel in the city.	
Apr 6 2007 	Best views nicest room - ever	Stayed there with my husband new year's 2006/07 for 2 nights.When we arrived, we got an upgrade to an executive/corner room on the 48th floor.The rooms start on the 36th floor, so there are no rooms without a view either over the city, or the bay.Everything in this hotel is spectacular, where to begin..Check in, great. Nice, friendly.Elevator doesn't stop before the hotel floors, so they are really fast. Very short walk to the rooms since the elevators are in the middle. There's a spectacular glass bridge in the middle of the hotel between the &quot;city&quot; and &quot;bay&quot; halves of the hotel - incredible views.ROOMRoom is astonishing, in a wonderful modern &quot;asian&quot; decor, all style and comfort in wood/gold/red, hidden lighting, chaiselongue, flat screen/DVD/Hifi, binoculars etc.The view is fantastic - from Bay to Golden Gate over the whole city.Huge marble bathroom with nice bathtub and a large walk in shower with stone tiles. Nice produces, all is super clean, nice bathrobes and all you can expect to find.Very comfortable bed with a wonderful view (yes, from the bed) over the city. Breakfast was great, very nice staff.LOCATIONEven though it's deserted on weekends, it's only an 8 minutes walk to the main city area and feels safe even in the evening.Minor PROBLEM: we were told breakfast and parking was included, but it was not.Another minor problem was immediately taken care of.	
Apr 2 2007 	Loved my stay	My boyfriend took me San Francisco for a romantic get away. From the moment we stepped into the hotel he had everything especially set up for us. Our incredible suite was perfect and he had the staff arrange pink rose pedals in a heart shape on top of the bed, so romantic. The view was amazing and the staff was wonderful. The bed was so soft and comfortable. Room service food is normally okay but here was fabulous. I love this hotel and will definitely come back. It is very pricey though so to have this experience you might want to keep that in mind but WORTH EVERY PENNY.	
Apr 1 2007 	Perfect Birthday weekend	We were here for a long weekend to celebrate my wife's birthday . Our greeting upon arrival was very warm and check in went without a hitch . My room requirements were done perfectly . Our dinner reservations at French Laundry and Gary Danko were arranged before hand by Jacque the concierge . Our bridge to bridge bay view room had a incredible view . The rooms had been nicely refurnished . I wouldn't be concerned with the bathrooms not being up to 5 star standards . They were more than adequate. Our bed was the most comfortatable bed we had ever slept in . This hotel is for those who want the best hotel views of the bay and for those who want the best service . Its in a very quiet part of the city which is perfect for our needs . The lobby needs a lot of work but I did find out that its being renovated soon .The service was perfect in every matter . My requests were easily handled . I should mention that this was our 3rd stay in a Mandarin Hotel in the last year, the other 2 being in New York City.The San Francisco Mandarin is far better in service and comfort than that of New York . We look forward to returning to this Madarin . They do a perfect job here .	
Mar 18 2007 	Fantastic Stay at the Mandarin Oriental	My boyfriend and I were fortunate enough to spend two days at this wonderful hotel on our return from our vacation. We were delighted to have been upgraded to a corner room on the 44th floor where the views were just stunning, it almost seemed a shame to leave the room. The service throughout our stay was efficient, friendly and unobstrussive. I would also like to recommend an Italian restaurant that we came across by chance - it is called Cafe Tirmamisv [-], the service was impreccable and my partner had the best steak he had ever tasted.	
Mar 7 2007 	Anniversary Spot	Absolutely beautiful. Awesome location. Nice food. Service is good. Room size is little small. I would recommend it for a romantic getaway.	
Feb 21 2007 	a view that can't be beat	Stayed for 8 nights on a trip partly for a job-related conference. The bridge to bridge view was breathtaking-coming back from a full day of activities and seeing the awesome landmarks of the city in a comfortable, quiet and well appointed room can't be beat. The staff was top notch and at a 5 star level.As far as criticism, I didn't mind the decor as it still looks in good taste and not tacky in any way. There is no good bar or lounge in the hotel, but my spouse and I were happy to explore the city for restaurants and bars. The atmosphere feels private and secluded which was fine with us. However, some may feel that they want more &quot;character.&quot; There are a variety of high end hotels in this tourist oriented city, but we would be delighted to stay here again on our next trip...	
Feb 15 2007	Five Stars ... BUT	I stayed in a bayview queen in February 2007. People gripes and compliments regarding this hotel are both actually pretty accurate. This is essentially a boutique property, with a small lobby, lounge and restaurant on the first two floors of a high rise, with the rooms at the top of the tower.The public areas are small, and good looking enough, but for some reason feel very impersonal, and lack lounging space.The rooms, while not large, are not too small, but are beautifully decorated in a mixture of European and Asian furniture. The bedrooms are essentially like jewel boxes in the sky, and the views are breathtaking. The bathrooms, as other have noted, look a bit worse for the wear, but have a separate soaking tub and shower, which seems to be where the 5 stars try to break from the 4 star chain hotels. The baths, while spotless, apparently were not renovated with the rest of the rooms ... they have that &quot;glamorous&quot; 1980s look -- chunky beige and pink marble with gold fixtures. I suspect the baths have had little change since the hotel opened in 1987.The service, as one anticipates, was very, very good -- from the welcome tea service to the friendly and informative desk and door people. All in all, this is a 5 star hotel, but one that disappoints slightly. If you want a nice room with a great view, don't hesitate to book here. If you want the whole 5 star package, look at other hotels.	
Feb 10 2007 	Great service	We stayed at the Mandarin for a special occassion and found the service to be absolutely top notch. The restaurant was wonderful (we planned a special dinner), the corner suite was spectacular, and the concierge was beyond helpful. My whole party-6 rooms-were all very impressed by the level of service that the Mandarin gave. We would stay there again without hesitation.	
Feb 6 2007 	Not up to the standard of Mandarin New York	The arrival experience at the Mandarin SF is disappointing. The lobby and lobby lounge area are quite small, pokey and tired. Very similar oriental decor to the old Mandarin Hong Kong but without the scale of the space. The reception staff were, however, extremely welcoming and informative. The staff and service were generally one of the high points of the stay. The public areas really are a huge disappointment. The carpet designs are particularly jarring - lacking any finesse or subtlety. A pity that the design of the refurbishment did not emulate the contemporary design of the new Landmark Mandarin or The Mandarin New York.The good points about this hotel include the views and the room size. We had a corner suite facing away from the harbour. I'm sure the suites that face onto the harbour are quite amazing. Having windows on two sides of the room really gave the suite a feeling of spaciousness and lightness. The decor looks dated even though this room was recently refurbished. The bathroom is a disappointment - reasonable in scale but again shabby. On turning on the water the shower head fell off the wall causing water to flood into the room. This required us to change to another room and the staff were prompt and courteous in finding another room. One interesting and welcome feature was the ability to open the window to obtain fresh air - yes and on level 44 of the tower ! Scary. The room service was amongst the best we had ever had and reminded me of the superlative cuisine of the Mandarin Hong Kong (not the Mandarin Landmark). We had breakfast in the restaurant, Silks, on the lower level of the tower. Such a shame that it doesn't have the amazing views of the rooms.All these criticisms apart we did enjoy our stay and found the location quite central and convenient. We have found the Mandarin Oriental hotels to be of quite varying standards. The Mandarin New York is by far the best we have stayed at. The Landmark Mandarin Hong Kong has a superlative contemporary room design. The Mandarin London is one hotel I'd rather forget ! The Mandarin San Francisco is really a little ho-hum.	
Jan 25 2007 	Not a FAN	As another reviewer commented, this hotel has no soul. It is stale. The lobby area (including what is alleged to be a bar) is lame, lame, lame. Except for the congenial service from staff and the great views from the upper level rooms, there is no reason to stay at this hotel.To be fair, I received excellent service from every employee. I was impressed. But, excellent service does not overcome a physical plant that requires major updating, from the public areas, to the small and inadequate workout room, to the bathrooms in the guest rooms. My room was nicely appointed and enjoyed a great view, but the bathroom was tired and dingy.For $450/night, this is not a good value. I will never stay here again.	
Jan 14 2007 	great view but soulless	Recommended to stay at the Mandarin for our first time in San Francisco. I was looking forward to the experience as I have been to the Mandarin in Hong Kong many times.Arrived 8.30 pm Saturday. Hotel in the middle of the business district....just office blocks.Good welcome but noone else around in the lobby. Asked to know what time the restaurant was open till and told no restaurant at the weekends !!!!! I mean this is the Mandarin in San Francisco and no restaurant !Told that we could have a snack at the bar up to 9pm or have room service.The barman told us that the hotel only comes to life in the weekdays.Room was great...big bed, great views.Decided to quit San Francisco after 1 day and go to L.AWould have stayed longer but the hotel was just so lacking in atmosphere. Breakfast was good, but the room was dark and uninviting.Great hotel if you are doing business downtown, but if you are a traveller on vacation chose somewhere else.The staff were excellent, concierge was terrific but the hotel lacked any soul.	
Jan 4 2007 	A great hotel with amazing views	An excellent hotel. We stayed on the 42nd floor with fantastic views of the bay. There was of course no traffic noise. The service was of a very high standard.The lobby was rather cold and lacking in atmosphere but that would not stop us staying at the hotel again.	
Jan 4 2007 	Very standard	I'm used to stay at the European boutique hotels so I find that this one is as charming as a boiled potatoe. Yes, the views are great and the rooms huge but the furnishing was absolutely vulgar. It has no atmosphere, the guests are threated like numbers in the computer of the front desk!I'm not saying that this is a bad hotel, it is quite good actually, but don't expect to find the best hotel in the USA, simpli it is not	
Oct 30 2006 	EXCELLENT Hotel!!	We had a Wonderful stay at this hotel. The staff was amazing. Very helpful and kind. This is the Best service we've had!!! Also the room was great- very clean, great view!!Highly Recommended!!!	
Oct 28 2006 	Perfect stay in San Francisco	Stayed at the Mandarin Oriental October 17-21. My wife and I were taking encaustic art classes in the Bayview district and wanted a base to hit restaurants after classes. Decided to try the Mandarin to see if the reputation is warranted. We have been to San Francisco several times at the usual highly rated hotels. The Mandarin was such a delightful experience. We can't stop praising the attentive yet unobtrusive staff at this smaller hotel. We had a corner room on the 41st floor that overlooked the Golden Gate Bridge and you felt like you could touch the pyramid as you looked out past the tower onto Alcatraz. Our last night we experienced the famous fog as it rolled in and gently engulfed the city. We didn't want to leave the room. Used room service one afternoon to catch the Cardinals in the Series and they did a spectacular job. A slight wine error was promptly and graciously repaired to our benefit. The rooms are recently renovated and are lovely. Having the city as your nightlight is priceless. We shall gladly return.	
Oct 15 2006 	One of the best hotels is the US	I have stayed in this hotel since it opened almost 20 years ago. First (and best) are the views since the hotel starts on the 39th floor. Either the Bay Bridge or GoldenGate Bridge (and sometimes both) are visible from almost every room. Both in the morning and at night the views are the best of any hotel in the US (even better than NYC). The rooms have been redone and now have plasma TVs. The staff is very helpful and the welcoming tea after clearing the SFO airport hassle is always nice. The hotel restaurant Silks is excellent and within a 5-10 minute walk are many of the best restaurants in SF. The restaurants in the Ferry Building nearby offer great food and a spectacular view. Lastly, the hotel is convenient to most meetings and to jogs or walks along the Embarcadero. My favorite city hotel in the US!!!	
Sep 29 2006 	Fantastic !!!	This has got to be one of the finest hotels I have ever stayed in. The rooms are beautiful, the staff bend over backwards to help, the dining is divine. Nothing short of 5 stars all round. Why waste your time staying anywhere else.	
Sep 25 2006 	First Class	We stayed at the Mandarin for the last two days of our wine country vacation before flying back to the east coast. The hotel staff was very eager and helpful. The room was fantastic, complete with Plasma TV and the most comfortable bed I have slept on in a hotel. Room was beautiful and so was the view. A memorable ending to a wonderful getaway.	
Sep 3 2006 	Great view but not on par with the competition	We recently spent the weekend at the SF Mandarin Oriental. While the view and room were very nice the room service, food, and overall experience was not on par with other 5 star locations like the Ritz Carlton or St. Regis. If there were a rating for room service food I would have to give it a 1 star. I've had better food at low end hotels. The front desk staff was cordial but cold. We actually had to dig at them to get details on the package we purchased for our stay. If all you're looking for is view and quiet, this is your place. If however you want the total 5 star experience you're better off going to the Ritz Carlton in SF or Half Moon Bay.	
Sep 2 2006 	Great Views Great Hotel	I had the pleasure of staying here for a few days and must say that this is one of the better hotels in the country. I was in room 3905 which had a great view of the golden gate bridge in the background. Staff can't do enough for you, they always call you by name. Didn't eat in the hotel restaurant Silks, but everything else in the hotel is top notch. They had a good rate of $395 a night for a room which normally sells for $610 a night.	
Aug 1 2006 	More than just a great view!	The Mandarin Oriental is a lovely, class act in the heart of San Francisco's financial district, where most other hotels are thoroughly dull. Since the hotel occupies the top floors of one of the tallest skyscrapers in town, a principal selling point is the stunning view [it is a bit bizarre to find oneself looking DOWN at the facade of Grace Cathedral atop nearby Nob Hill]. One advantage to the elevation is blessed silence, not a virtue to be taken lightly in San Francisco: at the Mandarin Oriental, you don't need to worry about cable cars rumbling past your window, or garbage trucks groaning up San Francisco's steep hills.We stayed in a Mandarin King. These are spacious, comfortable and beautifully decorated; with plenty of room for the roll-away for our daughter. The bathrooms are enormous, with tubs next to the windows, so you bathe with a view. Service is impeccable. A butler delivered soft drinks for my wife and me, and milk and cookies for our daughter, minutes after we checked in, and gratis. When I asked for directions to Restaurant Gary Danko, near Ghirardelli Square, the concierge arranged for transportation in the hotel's complimentary chauffered car. Breakfast, which came with the &quot;seasonal choices&quot; package, was served in the restaurant downstairs (we could also have arranged room service), and was excellent.We are relatively old fashioned, and usually opt for smaller, boutique hotels in San Francisco. But for our detour into highrise modernity, the Mandarin Oriental was most impressive. The MO is a superb hotel in every respect.	
Jul 14 2006	Sky High	My wife, 4 month old, and I just stayed at the Mandarin with the romance package for 2 nights. It was an excellent stay all around - we were on the 48th floor with views from the Golden Gate all the way past the Bay Bridge. Crib was provided with great amenities for new parents and it received its own turn-down service. The bathrooms windows over the tub made for great baths and overall the stay was just fantastic. Silks, the hotel restaurant, was very understanding in providing room service due to baby issues, and the staff were prompt, courteous, and always friendly. Highly recommended, this is our 2nd favorite hotel in the world (Peninsula Bangkok still rules).	
Jul 13 2006	The Best!	We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for 2 nights in July.We were upgraded to a Bay View Room that was fabulous! Asian decor - with amazing views. Upon entering the hotel all the staff were fabulous! Bell hop, valet, front desk, and concierge. Very pleasant, attentive and helpful in every way. We were made to feel so special with the staff always greeting us.We didn't want to leave!Great comfortable bed in the room- with top of the line amenities in the bathrooms.We loved the location- were able to walk to many of the best restaurants- Boulevard, Slanted Door etc.We ate breakfast in the restaurant every morning- and it was great!If you are looking for a 5 star hotel in San Francisco, with wonderful service and great accomodations - then this is the only place to stay.	
Jul 4 2006	Do great views make a great hotel?	We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for the first two nights of a summer holiday. This was our first stay at a Mandarin Oriental, and we had high hopes for the rooms, the service and the overall ambiance. The newly remodeled rooms are beautiful: the modern Asian feel of the furnishings combined with big picture windows with million dollar views made the cost of the room feel more worthwhile. The service was fine, but it didn’t have the warmth and thoroughness we expect from a five star property. Perhaps because of its location in the financial district, this hotel seems like more of a business hotel than a vacation home away from home. The public spaces aren’t really connected and this disjointed feeling doesn’t lend itself to spending time in the building. We also found it odd that the bar was never open in the evenings of our stay, despite the fact that we were at the hotel over a weekend when one might assume it would be open later. We were upgraded from our Deluxe City View Room to a Bay View Room with incredible views of the Golden Gate Bridge, North Beach, China Town and the Embarcadero. Although the smaller room was nice (we saw it before being upgraded to a room with the king bed we had reserved), the Bay View Room had more space and a much better view. We definitely appreciated the difference. Breakfast in the restaurant was wonderful and a definite highlight of our stay. We enjoyed our visit, but this is not a hotel we’d seek out again. Despite the nice rooms and wonderful views, the overall experience is more functional than fabulous. It’s very good, but not great.	
Jun 19 2006	spectacular views	My husband, baby and I stayed at the Mandarin and cannot say enough about it. We had the bridge to bridge view which was breath taking. You have the TransAmerica building directly in front of you, Coit Tower, Alcatraz, Bay Bridge, and Golden Gate view. They have binoculars in the room too. We had clear days and could see everything and at night the city was beautiful. The rooms are very large with a small sitting area, bathrooms are large with seperate marble tub and shower. They provided a lovely crib for our son and even put infant amenities in it, baby lotion, wipes, diaper, baby bath, ducky and small stuffed toy! They have a lovely jasmine tea service in your room when you arrive and also had a sweets/chocolates tray also. Valet/doorman were very welcoming and provided good suggestions for dinner etc. Complimentary bottled water in the room and fitness center is also a nice touch. They also had a notice that they are getting high def TV and satelite by July. Location was good, could walk to Embarcadero, ferry terminal markets, union square. Sundays are challenging though since many restaurants are closed in immediate area, but they have a free car service that will take you to dinner. Loved the Mandarin!	
Jun 11 2006	Besides the view...Nothing special at all	The view is good, otherwise there is absolutely nothing special about this hotel. I don't mind spending $500 a night for good service, great surroundings and extra amenities. The lobby is drab, the rooms are ok and there is nothing up and above the Holiday Inn. The only special feature about our room was a volume control in the bathroom for the TV. If I spent $150 on this room, I would have considered it a decent value. Aspirin at the front desk will cost you and a glass of juice with a danish will run you $20. Again the view was good, but not great. If you want a great view, be prepared to plunk down another $200.There were no problems, we just left blah and ripped off.	
May 29 2006 	Spectacular views	Superb service, spectacular views. If you care about service or views from the rooms, this is the perfect hotel in SF. 100.0% satisfied with every touch of service. We were upgraded to a king suite, on the top floor, and while expensive, was worth every penny as far as I am concerned. The room was really beautiful, with a spectactular view of the golden gate bridge, and the rest of the city. No pool, so don't bring the kids, but prompt and courteous service throughout, and plenty of amenities in the room. Bathrobes, slippers, free bottled water, and nice music was on when we returned to the room. Room service was prompt (a rarity I find these days), and valet parking always had my car ready. I'll stay here again on my next trip to SF.	
May 24 2006	Absolute Best Service	My husband, 9 year old daughter and I just returned from 4 nights at the Mandarin Oriental. I can't say enough about the service we received. Here are the highlights:* complimentary wine and tea in our room for us just after arrival* complimentary cheese, crackers and fruit waiting for us one evening after a long day sightseeing* concierge had a rental car ready and waiting for us within 30 minutes of our request* all staff called us by name every time they saw us* doormen learned what type of restaurants we liked and sent us to them in the house carThere are lots of great things about this hotel: the view, quality of the rooms, the location but the people there make it a truly special place to stay. It beats the Trump, the Plaza or the Ritz hands down.	
May 16 2006	Favorite Hotel Anywhere	This hotel is pricey, but, after several stays here during the past couple of years, this is my favorite hotel anywhere. If you have business in downtown S.F., and want to get in or out quickly to the airport, the location is perfect. The rooms are outstanding: comfortable beds, precise and subtle climate controls, magnificent views. The fitness center is good. The lobby staff is excellent. The atmosphere is one of quiet and privacy. The only downside is the food, which is merely edible. However, there is an outstanding steak house around the corner in the Omni, and numerous other good restaurants not far away.	
Apr 27 2006	Charming	Had the pleasure of staying here last May. Started our California trip in San Francisco for 3 days followed by a drive down the entire coast. Also proposed to my wife in San Francisco on same trip. The hotel is lovely and rooms are of the highest quality. Beautiful rooms with only the nicest linens. Bathroom was also very nice and unique, the way a luxury hotel should be. The doormen went above and beyond for any of our needs and I give them credit for learning my name and remembering to call me by name every time I entered or exited. Something I don't ask for but certainly is nice to hear. The one concierge (male) was very nice and helpful, recommending and even making reservations at different restaurants that are unique to San Francisco. Although I did think that the female concierge could of been a bit more attentive when my wife's heel strap broke on our way out one night. There was no recommendation of shoe repair, though it was late and I doubt one would of been open. The best she came up with was pointing us to the mall down the street. Just nitpicking, but she didn't go above and beyond by any means.Overall a great hotel and upon departure my Hertz rental car was brought to the front door and bags placed in them by the wonderful doormen.	
Mar 8 2006	Excellent	Knew of the views of this hotel and the glass walled hallways that face north and south between the two hotel &quot;towers&quot; on the upper floors of a multi-use building. Had even snuck up here to check out the view prior to staying. The price is high, but to me worth it for special occasions or if it is already in the budget.The service and accommodation are top notch - any request will be accommodated with efficiency and a smile.The views are unbelievable - stayed in a bridge to bridge suite (corner facing NW, North, NE on east tower). Did not eat in hotel except for room service breakfast - it was good - nothing over the top.Excellent 4 fixture bath, stereo with cd, didn't watch TV.Penthouse floor under renovation, stayed on non renovated floor - it was fine - hotel preferred to place us in renovated floor but we declined for higher floor.Don't miss the fresh Mandarin Oranges by the elevator at lobby floor.I would stay here again - it is all about the views.	
Feb 23 2006	The very best!	My husband and I used to call this &quot;our&quot; hotel because we loved it very much. We have tried to stay here at least half of the times whenever we came to The City when we still lived in the States. We even had our wedding here.The staff at Mandarin Oriental treated their guests as if they were very important people. Our wedding's ceremony and reception were held in Mandarin Oriental's Library Room. We stayed at the hotel but our guests and family members stayed in a different place downtown. Afterward, our children wanted to go back to their hotel so they asked the desk staff to order them a cab. &quot;No, you don't need a cab; our limo will take you anywhere you want to go.&quot; The desk staff replied.At the time, our children were not very polished if you judged them from their appearance. They were the typical college students who lived in (and sometimes even slept in) their jeans, T-shirts, and track shoes. They were intelligent, polite, and articulate, but they were not preppy and definitely not the limo-rider kind. They were also not Mandarin Oriental's guests, but that fact did not matter to the staff. Everyone treated them with respect and courtesy.Every room in the hotel has panoramic view because of the floor-to-ceiling windows and because this all-glass hotel is the third highest building in The City. There are different views available with different room series. In every room, there is Frette linen, thick and soft bathrobes, his and her slippers, and high quality bath products. Evening service includes fresh fruit plate brought to room. Limo service is gratuity to guests (and in our case, family members of guests). Understated luxury and old world elegance are what you will find here. Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco writes the book about quality and service. I wish everyone else would read their book and follow their example.Note: Fridays and Saturdays’ rate is lower than during the week.	
Feb 13 2006 	Superb apart from the food	Wonderful 5 star, central hotel to stay in San Francisco. Very friendly and helpful staff especialy the lovely receptionist who couldn't do enough to make my stay perfect. Views that take your breath away - romantic sunsets across the pacific ocean. Beautiful rooms that are manicured to perfection every day.The only downside was the room service food which was by far the poorest I have ever tasted. Salty, overcooked and lukewarm. I had the steak one night and then chicken linguine. The clam chowder was top quality however :) ps - I had a few friends staying at the OMNI round the corner where the steak was the best they'd ever had.	
Jan 22 2006	couldn't wait to leave this hotel	although the views from our room were drop dead gorgeous, we were completely bored at the Mandarin Oriental and felt isolated in a sterile cube. the room furnishings lacked the austere beauty I'd been hoping for - the room's furnishings were quite plain and unremarkable. we were in a bridge to bridge view room - expensive - but we didn't feel pampered or special while staying at the hotel in any way. room service food was quite plain; good quality ingredients but not particularly delicious or gourmet. we actually felt a bit depressed in this hotel, we couldn't wait to leave - so we checked out a day early.	
Jan 14 2006	lovely spot from which to see the city	We splashed out on the Mandarin for the last two nights of our vacation, in part based on the reviews on this site. The view made the room worthwhile (although we were &quot;only&quot; on the 39th floor, and discovered that taking the elevator up to the top floor yields some spectacular views from the corridor). But we were assuming (in retrospect, for no particular reason) that the room would be larger, and that there would be a more appealing hotel bar to enhance our Mandarin experience. The service was impeccable - the concierge was more than happy to research and answer my random questions. This is an expensive hotel - if on company expenses, it would be a no brainer to stay here. But if you're on your own dime, it's definitely a serious splurge, so don't spend it if you're going to think about it too much.	
Oct 23 2005	The best hotel in the USA	My wife and I spent 5 nights at the Mandarin Oriental, San Francisco during August this year (2005). We selected the hotel largely based on the review of this site and we were not disappointed.We had arranged for a town car to collect us from the airport through Virgin and this more than likely put us in a great mood as it was an excellent welcome to a fantastic city. The doorman was waiting to great us by name (we still haven't figured out how they knew who we were) and instantly made us feel like royalty. The check-in staff were so friendly, again using my name and making me feel valued as a customer (some will say at $500+ a night they should but you certainly get more than you pay for) and we were upgraded from the Bay to Bay view room we had booked to a suite with sunken bath in the window and much greater floor space. We were introduced to one of the concierge team who made reservations for us at a local restaurant after which we were escorted to our room.I believe that first impressions (certainly when it comes to hotels) count a lot and our first impression of the room was excellent. The room was light and airy and the views were breathtaking - on the days when the famous San Francisco fog took a break you could see for miles - our room had views of the Bay Bridge as well as the Transamerica Pyramid - we couldn't see the Golden Gate Bridge but this was shrouded in fog for the majority of our stay so no great loss (you will see it constantly when you are out and about on the multitude of tours available). The room was incredibly clean and tidy, a complimentary set of binoculars enhance the view and the tv is a decent size and hidden away in a cabinet - it could do with updating as many similar priced hotels have larger and flatter screens but we didn't come to watch tv!). The bed was incredibly comfortable, with more cushions and pillows than a soft furnishing store which all added to the sense of opulance and luxury. Also in the room were a selection of comfy chairs which were really handy after long walks taking in the sights. One of my favourite aspects of the suite was the bathroom - it was massive, luxurious and had one of the best hotel showers I have come across. The walk in shower had enough room for about six people (I haven't actually tested this statement!) and the power was excellent especially given the fact that we were on the 38th floor. Two Mandarin embroidered robes were provided - they were a little on the small side - as well as slippers. The toileteries were E'sporta which my wife advise me are very good, combined with some fab bath salts and a Bonsai tree next to the bath. Again the views from the bathroom and the sunken bath were breathtaking especially at night.We had a turn-down service every evening, the robes were laid out on the bed, water provided, relaxing music played and bedside mats and slippers placed at the side of the bed.The hotel gym is fine for a quick workout with plenty of cardio machines, free weights and fixed weight equipment. I was the only person using the gym for much of my stay - a bonus of visiting the gym are the complimentary bottles of water and fruit.Transfer time (by town car) from the airport is around 25-30 minutes. The hotel is located perfectly - the California cable car line is only a short walk from the hotel, with Union Square around a 10 minute walk. Also nearby is Chinatown - an excellent experience with some superb restaurants. We never ate at the hotel as we were more often out but I can recommend the local Deli's for breakfast.The Mandarin Oriental San Francisco is not the cheapest hotel by any means but if you want a really special experience where you are made to feel like a king and queen then this is the hotel for you. San Fran is a fantastic city and if I ever get the opportunity to go back I will make sure I am staying at the Mandarin.	
Oct 5 2005	Great views	Had a Bridge to Bridge room, with amazing views (but time the windows had a clean please!). Room very comfortable, quiet and relaxing. Rest of the hotel is a &quot;miss&quot;, with no bar or restaurant you'd want to go to, and the decor is all a bit 1980s-style tacky and looking tired, but all is forgiven for the room and the views. Expensive though, especially outside of Fri/Sat nights, as this is a business hotel. Cost us $550+tax on a Sunday night, which was too much considering lack of a cool bar etc.	
Sep 6 2005	Very classy great view!	Views are without a doubt one of the main attractions of this hotel. From room and corridors there is little of San Francisco that you can't see.Rooms are contemporary with an oriental flavour. Service discreet, attentive and polite. Turn down service excellent. Maid picked up of fault we were not aware of and speedily had it rectified by maintenance.Meal at Silk's one of the finest we experienced on our trip. Nice to try something out of the ordinary. Restaurent staff very knowledgeable and added to enjoyment.Only gripe is that two elevators did not seem to service the requirements of this hotel adequately.Certainly our hotel of choice in San Francisco.	
Aug 25 2005	water infiltration in the bed!	unconfortable dirty plece to fly!	
Aug 18 2005	Great Service - Awesome Rooms and Spectacular views!!!	I am not sure why would anyone bash this hotel.I've stayed at several Ritz Carlton's, Four Seasons, and other luxurious resorts. This hotel is top notch and probably is the best in SF.The service is absolutely amazing, anything you need, anytime.The Concierge is superb, I asked for a good sushi bar and he directed me to one of the best Sushi I have ever had. To boot the hotel sent us an appetizer on them. Having the hotel car available to take you to a play, restaurants in the ares is very convenient. The hotel views are one of the best (if not the best) of San Francisco. The Rooms are clean and ultra luxurious, the usual Mandarim Oriental high standards and touches. Beds are extremely confortable and the linens are 300 Thread count or better. All Marble bathrooms with every amenity in the book.It is going to be tough to go back to the Ritz (my favorite chain) in SF after I've stayed in the Mandarim.If you like to be pampered and enjoy the best, look no futher.Get a room with a view, you won't be disappointed.	
Aug 12 2005 	What a disappointment	For $340 plus tax the room was pokey and a weird shape. The bathroom had peeling wall paper and chipped paint. Breakfast for two cost almost $50. There was only one waitress serving the whole cocktail lounge in the evening who was literally running from table to table. This in &quot;the best hotel in San Francisco?&quot; - I don't think so!	
Aug 11 2005	The Fog can block your view!	Great hotel but don't bank on a good view all the time. We were in S.F. in August (Fog Season) and could not see the street from 38 floors up... not to mention ever seeing the bay. If you have an expectation of having a great view just cause you are on floor 38-48... just be ware.Otherwise, there are reasons this is regarded as one of the best in the world! Good look	
Jul 19 2005	Top Notch!	The Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco is by far the absolute nicest hotel I have ever stayed. This is the second time I stayed there. The view was breathtaking and part of the reason we went back. I didn't think the view from the first time we stayed could be topped and yet it was!! The staff was absolutely lovely. It is definetely an upper crust hotel but I in my jean shorts, teeshirt and flip flops was never treated any different than the ladies and gentlemen in their formal wear. The staff is impeccable! I must admit I never ate at Silks (the hotel restaurant) but was assured by other guests that it was an unforgetable culinary experience.	
Jul 10 2005	Beautiful Hotel But Very Expensive for a Sightseeing Trip	My husband and I spent 2 days and 1 night in San Francisco (which is not nearly enough time to spend there) this June. The hotel is elegant and well maintained. The service was excellent (we are loyal Ritz Carlton guests when we travel) and we found the Mandarin staff to be very professional, well-trained, friendly, helpful, and unpretentious. We had a bridge-to-bridge room and the view in the hallway and in the room was spectacular. There were binoculars in the room, and what an awesome sight it was! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because as tourists, we spent very little time enjoying the hotel, yet payed almost $400 for the 1 night. We surely did not get our money's worth. I knew the hotel would be great, but had I realized that, other than sleeping, I would spend barely 2 hours in the room, I would have opted for a cheaper hotel, or at least a cheaper room. I would recommend a stay here if you will be able to enjoy the hotel and your room, not if you will be doing major sightseeing.	
Jun 23 2005	superlative service and room!	THE most comfortable bed I've ever slept in! Also, huge tub in the bathroom and separate power shower, Frette bathrobes. Jasmin tea and cookies delivered to room upon arrival, chocolate strawberries and biscuits for our honeymoon. Lovely view of bridge. Very knowledgeable concierge.We did feel slightly untidy though walking through the lobby on Saturday evening, returning after a day's sightseeing as the ambiance is quite formal! Perhaps not the best location for sightseeing but handy for Chinatown and we like to walk anyway.We loved it here though and were given booklets about Carmel as we checked-out when we mentioned that we were driving down the coast. A nice touch!SF is a great city. All the tourist attractions are really worthwhile doing and the city has an energy simialr to NYC but not quite so frantic! Loved it!	
May 29 2005 	Superb in all respects	Truly excellent service from every employee encountered. Room service was stellar in both selection and quality. Views are unbeatable, and the rooms are reasonably large and very nicely furnished. The complimentary tea and coffee in the lobby before the restaurant opens is very nice, as is the complementary internet access in the business center. I love the Ritz and the Four Seasons, but I will continue to choose the MO for the views...	
Apr 25 2005	Rock Solid	Fantastic service and unbelievable views made our stay at the Mandarin an absolute pleasure. Best in San Francisco.	
Apr 13 2005 	Exxxxxcellence At The Mandarin San Francisco	I read about this hotel on Trip Advisor and decided to try it out. We were visiting SF on business and vacation ( for one week) with a 22 month old baby. Those times when we had to stay in the hotel because of the baby we did not mind, the view was excellent, the food from room service was divine. The staff was attentive and the concierge service was extremely helpful. We did not get to take advantage of the car service since it was unavailable on the two ocassions we requested it. The hotel was clean, even under the bed, where kids' toys tend to rest. The bathroom was spotless. The turndown service in the evenings was a treat. The pictures online are real and my room did look like one of those online. This hotel is quintessential feng shui glamour, understated, but very polished and it quietly exuded a monied atmosphere. There were even some top R&amp;B stars and politicians who were also guests in the hotel. I am hard to please and I was quite satisfied.	
Apr 2 2005	Excellent Hotel	Hotel is close to China town and Union Square, a little further walk to Fisherman's wharf. Cable car stop just outside. Room was amazing. Beautiful views of the city. Bathroom was luxurious. Service was outstanding. The slightest request brought swift and curtious responses. Only thing was the dining room was closed when we arrived at 6pm for some reason, and valet parking added $50 a day to an already expensive bill.	
Mar 15 2005	Great room common areas need aesthetic updating...	My boyfriend and I spent a weekend in San Fran. We booked a room through the Mandarin's special packages...Golden Gate Bridge room (highest upgrade before you hit the suite rate,) free American daily breakfast, late 6pm checkout. The room was on the 46th floor, quiet, huge, nice hallway, incredible bathroom. Furnishings were interesting, a mix of Japanese with high tech. Turns out room number 4604 was an experimental model for the upcoming renovations. Mgmt chose not to go with that design, but for us it was rather perfect. We had a corner room, the views were stunning. The bed and bedding were superb. Sitting areas were very good, the bathtub was right next to a huge panoramic window. The tub itself could have been bigger, it was definitely too small for 2 (but we squeezed in anyway.) Amenities were by Escada, nice touch, perhaps a little too chemical for me (I prefer L'Occitane.) Tea service upon arrival. The common areas, however, look like they've been frozen in the 1980s. All that polished gold with green walls, weird carpeting, it's soooo dated. But who cares, we went to Fleur de Lys (fabulous) and Slanted Door for dinner. Btw, Slanted is overrated. Oh, and the gym at the hotel is EXCELLENT, but bring your own gear, because they don't have gym clothes for sale or rent. I worked out in my robe and slippers. Didn't get any stares because the gym was basically empty. Will we be back? Yes, at $459/night for that fabulous room with breakfast and late checkout, you bet!	
Mar 4 2005	Views and service!	We stayed at this hotel on Feb. 19, during the Chinese New Year Parade (didn't know it was happening) The city was crowded and festive. When we arrived we were upgraded to a corner view room on the 46th floor. Wow, the view. Views haven't been a big deal to us in the city. We love the Campton Place Hotel and there is no view. However, this view was so dramatic! We were offered the town car service to avoid all the parking hassles during the parade and shortly after checkin jasmine tea and cookies were delivered to the room in an adorable closed basket. None of the services above were asked for. Great service. I understand that the rooms could be udated but they are very clean, have nice amenities and views to die for!	
Mar 2 2005	NOT the Four Seasons!!!	Just stayed for four nights and five full days while at a conference in SF. As others have noted, there isn't a better view in town - lying in my bed (I was in a Bridge to Bridge Room) I could see just about every notable attraction in town - the bridges, Coit Tower, Alcatraz, etc., etc. etc. However, this is where the greatness in this hotel ends.Though I usually stay at the Four Seasons when I vacation, I decided that I ought to give the Mandarin a shot - hey, AAA Five Diamond, Mobile 5 Star - it can't be that bad.......let's find out:A stain on the bed sheet; pink gum on the top left door of the bathroom stall; foot prints on the carpet; mug stains on the marble around the sink and on a coffee table; a turn down service that was so insistent on getting the job done that they returned twice within an hour (the last time forcing themselves into the room as I dressed for the evening); a lobby and lounge staff about as personable as a paper weight; a doorman that was on his cell phone more often than he opened the door; and a concierge staff that said they would call me to follow up on an inquiry and forgot one too many times.These unmentionables were during the first two days - at which point I started complaining to my wife - telling her that we had made a mistake in the hotel we had chosen and that this hotel didn't hold a candle to the Four Seasons.I'm not one to publicly complain, but this deserved it, and my wife, without me knowing it, went down to the lobby, pulled a manager into the lounge, and in a very nice manner, without any of the aforementioned detail, summed it up for the manager by saying that the place sucked! The manager proceeded to offer my wife breakfast, a discount, etc. My wife refused everything, which she said surprised the manager. But, we weren't looking for handouts - we were looking for the level of service and attention to detail that we had expected when booking a hotel company that claims that it can and does deliver (and which I and many of you had read about and which I personally had heard about from some of my wife's colleagues who have stayed at their hotels in Asia). Well, over the next two days the level of service did a 180 - not just for us, but noticibly for everyone else as well! For us, the hotel town car, which hadn't been offered before - was now at our becking call; our names were used regularly upon entrance into and from the hotel; the front door was sprinted to as anyone approached; and we got reservations, on fairly short notice, to two of the city's hottest restaurants - Slanted Door and Betelnut.In summary, I guess I left wondering why this hadn't been the case from the moment we got there. If it had been, I wouldn't have written a few of the above paragraphs. This can be a phenomenal hotel with a few modern updates to the rooms, the fitness and business centers (sorry, fitness and business closets), and complete consistency in service. Maybe I was there on a bad week, but hopefully, we did everyone staying there from now on a favor - I doubt it though - excellence isn't sporadic and I am pondering on whether I should give them another fat chunk of my wallet at another one of their hotels/resorts. Can't beat it if you want a view, but don't pay these prices for a view - go to the Top of the Mark for a cocktail and stay at the Four Seasons where your wallet gets you treated like the well-paying customer you are. Good luck!!!	
Feb 25 2005	Classy	This hotel is beautiful. But I have to agree with one of hte reviews that the bathrooms are outdated as well as the elevator. Other than that, The views are hand down the best in San Francisco. The building itself is stunning and is the third tallest in the city. The price is to high for this hotel but if money is not a problem than i would say this hotel is well worth it. I stayed in the Golden Gate Signature room with the window in the bathroom and it was incredible at night soaking in the tub with a view of coit tower and the Golden Gate Bridge in the background. Overall, This is a wonderful hotel.	
Feb 3 2005	Great Hotel with excellent service	Stayed at the Mandarin at the end of January 06. Very impressed with the service received from the staff, particularly concierge. They were so helpful and even sent the house car to come and get us one night from a restaurant as we had no energy left from walking up those hills! The hotel is clean and well kept. We had a Deluxe King Room with fantastic views of the city, bay area including Alcatraz and GG bridge. The bed was so comfy! Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in a safe, handy, flat location for exploring all SF has to offer. Would definitely go back as staying at another hotel would simply be out of the question! Enjoy! :0)	
Jan 3 2005	Liked it a lot....excellent service 	The views are indeed spectacular within the rooms and I really liked my stay here, especially the location (right in the middel of downtown, easy walking distance to Nob Hill, Coit Tower, North Beach restaurants &amp; bars). The hotel is on the upper floors of the building (I was on 43rd floor) and my room seemed very large for a non-suite (actually had a hallway); my friend's room wasn't quite as large but still roomy and big compared to most hotels I've stayed in. And although I'm not a very demanding traveler and don't need all the perks associated with some of the more decadent/full-service oriented types, the few times I needed help the excellent service came through. A fax I was expecting was ready for me within 5 minutes, and evey time I asked the concierge to check on my flight or make restaurant reservations it was done immediately. Allin all, the service was very polite and timely. The bathrooms in the room were large and contained everything you could possibly need - including a bath and separate shower. The bed was extremely comfortable - as was waking up to an almost 180 degree view of SF et environs every morning!! (I will have to bring my girlfriend here sometime).On the negative side, a few minor things. First, there are only 2 elevators which made for a couple minutes of waiting from time to time (usually not a problem). Also, the gym is very small and on the 4th floor with no windows which isn't ideal and not what I'm used to at other MO's (DC and NYC) which have much larger gyms with views and a pool (DC at least) - no pool here (unlike the Ritz and Four Seasons). And the hotel lobby is nice but pretty understated and small so don't expect a grand entrance - the location and views are what you pay for here. I will come back to this hotel, but as I'm a big exerciser I think that the Ritz and Four Season are also great choices if you want a larger gym and pool. (Have stayed at the Ritz but not the Four Seasons - Ritz is up near the top of Nob hill close to the Fairmont, Intercontinental, etc.)	
Dec 29 2004	Very Impressive	My family and I spent the three days before Christmas '04, in a suite at the Mandarin. While some of the hotel is showing a bit of age (carpeting in the elevator, for instance), it did not detract one bit from the fantastic views and excellent service.Our rooms were very clean and spacious, with tasteful furnishings and fresh flowers. The bathrooms were huge and contained everything you could possibly need. The bed was very comfortable and I was pleased that it did not have one of those dreadful feather mattresses. Another nice feature was the zoned heat/air, i.e., the living and sleeping areas were on separate thermostats. There was also a nicely stocked mini bar, a cd player and a dvd player.The service was absolutely the best. From the moment we arrived, we were treated like the only guests in the hotel. The concierge was fantastic, suggesting restaurants (all good), making reservations and even arranging for the hotel car to drive us. Room service was fast and tasty, housekeeping was excellent and unobtrusive and our car was always ready within minutes of phoning the parking valet. The entire staff was courteous, friendly and accommodating.The views from the hotel are truly amazing and they even supply you with binoculars. We had no dirty windows in our rooms.The Mandarin Oriental was very impressive and I highly recommend it for anyone desiring an upscale hotel with outstanding service.	
Dec 3 2004	Great View but Old and Dirty Furniture	We had the Bridge to Bridge room. The rate was almost $500 per night. The view was great, absolutely breath taking! However, the windows were dirty. Someone who stayed previously wiped it off with a hand, so we could peek through the area. Also, sofas and carpet were severly stained. The worst was the bed. Not only old, the matress were so old that the right side (near TV set) and the left side has different firmness. The right side was way soft and I felt its springs! Horrible. TV set/screen was small and cheap. Bathroom was just Okay. Water pressure was weak. The house keeping forgot to do the turn down service. I honestly think this hotel charges way higher for what they offer. We won't go back to Mandarin Oriental SF unless they update.	
Nov 30 2004	Loved Everything!	We visited the Mandarin Oriental the first week of October. It was our first trip to San Fran and without a doubt will definitely return to both the city and the hotel. We don't even want to consider another hotel.We had a Bridge to Bridge view room (worth every penny) with outstanding views of Golden Gate Bridge, Bay Bridge, &amp; Alcatraz. The bathroom was large with beautiful tile and really nice amenities (scale, slippers, Frette linen hand towel, nice size amenities, &amp; where else do they give you a loofah sponge with bath gel?) The service was very good and prompt; staff was friendly. The welcoming tea service was a very nice touch and the maids always offered lots of bottled water. The decor had an Asian influence which was nice for a change, and it wasn't too overboard. Can't wait to return.	
Nov 18 2004	Great views but needs updating	I was really looking forward to staying at the Mandarin. I enjoy their properties in Hawaii and Munich, and thought -- based even on this website-- that the S.F. outpost would live up the same level of luxury. Unfortunately, although it is a fine hotel and has exemplary service, it is too outdated to merit 5 stars. First, the decor in the bedrooms, and in particular, the bathroom is old. In fact, I think my grandmother owned the circa 1980 Bulova clock that hung in the bathroom. The rugs and entrance also shows too much wear and tear, and the gym is embarrassing. The &quot;treadmills&quot; are at least 10 years old and the room itself is too small to do anything but the most basic of workouts. For the same price, I would recommend the Four Seasons, where the rooms are updated and you have access to the SportsClub LA just a few flights down from your room.	
Oct 9 2004	loved it	What a wondeful hotel! We stayed in a &quot;Bridge to Bridge&quot; room which was as spectacular as described with panoramic views of the entire SF Bay (binoculars provided, nice touch). Absolutely stunning, worth the trip right there. The Concierge was flawless. They got us dinner reservations at an impossible to get into restaurant and also arranged for a rental car (we needed to drive down the Coast for a wedding) to be dropped off for us at the hotel. The hotel is nicely situated within walking distance of many great neighborhoods. The service is impeccable and the decor is less fussy than comparable 5 star hotels. We cannot wait to try out the M.O. New York!	
Oct 6 2004	excellent hotel	Really enjoyed our stay at the Mandarin. The room was excellent - extremely clean and with an amazing view overlooking the bay and bridges. The staff were very friendly, took the time to learn our names and made suggestions as to places to visit on our stay. Breakfast was included in the price and there was an extensive choice available - tried something different each morning and they were all delicious. Dinner at Silks, the hotel restaurant, is a real treat - the food is a mixture of American/Asian cuisine and is delicious.The only criticism we have of this hotel (and it's a small one) is that the window overlooking the Golden Gate Bridge needed a good clean, which spoilt the view a bit. Mind you, the room was on the 40th floor so guess we can't expect the windows cleaned every day!	
Sep 17 2004	Great Experience	We stayed here in July, 2004. This was a 2nd honeymoon for us and important because it was our first real vacation without our children. The attention to detail is wonderful. I had missed breakfast one morning &amp; they re-opened the kitchen for me. I was very impressed. We would stay here again! The views can't be beat too!	
Sep 10 2004	Great views but no morning coffee?	I recently stayed at the Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco over Labor Day weekend for one night. Overall the service was very good, but not superb. The Executive King room on the 41st floor had amazing views (huge windows on both sides of this corner room) of the Bay Bridge and the Financial District, especially with the clear weather. The room was Asian styled and a little conservative. The marble bathroom with deep soaking tub and glass shower were wonderful. Another interesting thing was that the t.v. from the room was piped into the bathroom via speakers. The hotel also had a town car to take us to our restaurant and picked us up as well. A nice perk.Our three complaints were that in the morning, there was no complimentary coffee in the lounge or in the lobby. When we asked, they said that there was not any. Very strange, being that this is a five star hotel. Secondly, the restaurant Silks was closed for lunch and dinner on the day we arrived. Finally, the turndown service did not have a chocoate on the pillow. Despite these little concerns, I would recommend, but the service could have been a little better.	
Sep 7 2004	Incredible service and attention	I did not have a reservation to celebrate my 18th wedding anniversary and wife's birthday.....and it was over Labor Day 2004. After looking at suites at the Huntington Hotel, and a regular room at the Ritz and the Fairmont (because that was the only thing available), nothing at the Mark Hopkins or at the Grand Hyatt or at the St. Francis, our friends at the Ritz suggested the Mandarin Oriental on Sansome Street. Got a great suite on the 41st floor with a 270 degree view. Expensive, but totally worth it. Great staff with great personalities ready to assist you with any need. Great food, room service, etc......Will stay again and again.	
Sep 2 2004	Left my heart in San Francisco	This hotel is amazing: checking-in is a breeze, everyone is extremely helpfull and friendly! We stayed here 8 nights from 24th August untill 1st September 2004 according to their long stay package: we had a deluxe bay view king room: amazing views, definitely worth having a room facing the bay! Ask for a West Tower room, overlooking Transamerica Pyramid, Coit Tower, Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz,... you name it! The staff is so friendly, everyone knew our name after two days... roomservice is great, housekeeping is wonderfull, location of the hotel is really good for shopping and exploring the city on foot: we went to Fisherman's Wharf, Alcatraz, Coit Tower, Pacific Heights,... the hotel is located nearby....the food &amp; breakfast are unbelievable... enjoy this hotel for the time you're staying there, cause it will be over before you know it! Great hotel!	
Aug 3 2004	Service Galour	We stayed in a bridge view room with connecting room for myself, my wife and two teenage girls in late july for 4 nights. The service at this hotel rivals the best in the world. The concierge was engaging and helpful and got us everywhere, checkin was done in our room, no lobby waiting was great, everyone remembered our name and we used the house sedans to go all over town (shopping, theater, dinner, the wharf, saulsalito, muir woods), never a charge and always a delighted thank you when a tip was offered. The views are heavenly...there is just no comparing the view when the fog rolls in or has rolled out....when it stays there is not much but it cleared for us each afternoon and the sunsets were unbelievable.It is so quiet here we thought we were the only ones on our floor until the next morning when I got up for a run and saw newspapers in front of everyone's door. The hotel was full! And we never rode an elevator with anyone else for three days!The hotel restaurant, Silks was delightful, we had a quick pre-theater thing and they were accomodating, the menu only lists a prix fixed three to five course meal but they were more than happy to have us join them and wave the prix fix and let us share apps and salads. The sashimi was fresh and bountiful, the salads crisp and elegant.Breakfast from room service each morning was fresh and hot, the bagels from noah's bagels were great. For a Starbucks or a Peet's fix there are literally seven shops within three blocks, but only one open on Sunday.The hotel is about to undergo a major renovation of the rooms and public spaces...check on status before you arrive. The baths are a bit tired and the elevators need some work but this will be the best hotel in town when completed.For now if I wanted really nice accomodations I would stay at the Park Hyatt around the corner until the work is done (the ritz is too played, the 4seasons is in a combat zone and there is no way we are dealing with nob hill every day and the clift is just too 20 something for us)...but if you want the view, peace and quiet and service, this is the place - and just wait...when the renovation is done there may be no other city hotel in the world that can compare. If you are worried about value, there are much better places for you, but if you want to go in style and can handle what that brings, ths place is great.	
Jul 14 2004 	The best choice among the best hotels in San Fran	I spent hours selecting my hotel in San Fran. I travel quite frequently and always try to select the best of the best. I base my selection on on-line reviews of Fodor's and the like, reviewing hotel websites and anything else on-line I can find. I have increasingly found Tripadvisor to have the best information. As a seasoned very high end traveler, I try to read into those writing reviews. If the author sounds like someone who has never stayed at these types of properties, I discount the &quot;Greastest experience of my life&quot; lines. Sadly, after so many high end stays, I'm spoiled and want (expect?) no problems and everything to be perfect. I'm either on holiday and need pampering or resting from a stressful business trip. If I want tickets to anything, I expect a &quot;No problem, we'll get them&quot;. A call to the conceirge asking him/her to please call the restaurant and let them know I'm late, to hold the table and add two guests should be answered with a &quot;No problem I'll take care of it&quot; and a &quot;How was your meal?&quot; when I return. Why am a I writing this? As a plea to those with a similar desire to find the best as experienced by those who know what &quot;The best&quot; really means. Please write brief reviews here at Tripadvisor.com.Anyway, the Mandarin is a great place. It's a little odd on arrival as the lobby is small and atypical. This is due to the hotel sharing the building with others for the first forty floors (or so). Once you get into the room, you'll find everything you expect combined with a fantastic view. The beds are great, the sound system and lighting are also excellent. There are soft jazzy CDs in the sleek players bedside and couch side. The bathrooms were both roomy, clean and Four Seasons standard. I had a suite with plenty of room - I want big rooms and they were typical of Ritz, Mandarin Oriental and Four Seasons in size. The concierge was able to take care of all of my requests with no problem - if you've read this far you know how important this can be for holiday or business travel. There is a hotel car/driver available gratis after you store your car in the garage for the night - this is something new for me.Bottom line, search all you want, if you want to be certain you'll find what you are looking for, The Mandarin is an excellent choice. PLEASE, if you know the best of the best for other cities, write reviews!	
Jul 12 2004	Expensive but worthy	Just returned from a trip which included 5 nights at the Mandarin the last week of June. The hotel is by far the best I have ever stayed in. Our view from the 42nd floor covered both bridges, alcatraz, coit tower, etc. The concierge was extremely helpful and I loved the lack of activity in the hotel overall. Took a walk to the Ritz one night and it looked like a convention was going on there. It felt private, and for 5 days I never saw a chamber maid day or night - yet every attention was taken care of. Of course, while the hotel is the best I have seen, it is also the most expensive I have stayed in. That's the way it goes.	
Jul 7 2004	Great Experience as the Manderan	First class all the way. After debating between a couple of the cities top hotels, I chose the Mandarin because of the great reviews from past guests raving about the wonderful service and the incredible views. Needless to say both were above my expectations and the weekend could not have been better. The concierge service planned our weekend perfectly booking us into some incredible restaurants, the bed was extremely comfortable, Tea as we arrived was refreshing, we called to get our shoes shined... done in 10 minutes. There are many places in SF, the Mandarin is a great luxury hotel with an amazing view. Have fun!	
Jun 29 2004	The Standard of Excellence	This establishment defines the standard of &quot;excellence&quot; in the world of luxury hotels. Service is first-class and nothing is outrageous for the concierge. I had outlandish requests, such as booking dinner for two in the city's best restaurants on the busiest nights with only hours notice and they were able to accomodate me. The view from the 45th floor was, perhaps, the greatest view offered by any hotel in the Americas. A car was made available to me when possible, which was all the time. Room service was prompt and efficient. The staff were corteous and warm. Checking in and out was a breeze. I will return, but more importantly, I have become a &quot;fan&quot; of the Mandarin Hotel experience.	
May 14 2004	The Best of the Best	This hotel is unbelivable. I am staying there on the 22nd of May but went to see the rooms and they are all top in the city from an overall standpoint. The service is very good but i would not say excellent. I The views are incredible and the the hotel has nothing but high powered excutives filling the halls so it brings a certain feeling to you as you walk around the premisis. I will have another update for you when i spend the night at the Mandarain Oriental.	
Mar 1 2004	Nice but Expensive!	This is a beautiful hotel - no doubt - but you're going to have to shell out big bucks. Not unlike the Four Seasons or, in other cities, the Peninsula. Lots of attention to detail, but when assessing a dollar-for-dollar value, I must say a three or four star hotel will provide a better &quot;bang for your buck&quot;. Now, if money is no object, then this place is for you.	
Feb 17 2004	Best Hotel Ive ever stayed In		
Jan 29 2004	T Mobile San Fran Grand Prix		
Jan 16 2004	Perfection!		
Dec 15 2003	Great View Period!!		
Nov 24 2003	Comfy enjoyable!		
Sep 5 2003	Our favorite San Francisco experience!		
Aug 20 2003	nice rooms but cold service		
Jun 5 2003	the best in SFO!		
Mar 16 2003	An oasis		
Jul 6 2002	delightful hotel in a magical city		
Nov 14 2009 	très bel hotel au milieu des buildings : jolie vue !		
Aug 27 2009 	mozzafiato		
Mar 25 2009 	????????????		
Oct 28 2008 	???????????		
Oct 20 2008	Absolut empfehlenswert!		
Oct 19 2008 	Luxuriös aber am Wochenende der falsche Standort!		
Jul 21 2008 	Bello ma caro		
Apr 26 2008 	Traumhafte Aussicht auf die Bucht und nettes Personal		
Oct 1 2007 	5-Sterne Blick über die Bucht von San Francisco		
