Aug 5 2009 	Review of Oceanview Motel Area	Last Sept. I was visiting my son who lives across the street from the Caltrain station by the Giants stadium. I wanted to see the ocean. I got on the N Line and rode it to the end. There I ate a snack at a coffee shop and walked over the dune to the ocean. I sat down and immediately saw whales spouting in the distance. I asked a surfer about them and he confirmed that was what they were but had never seen them there before. I noticed a small motel which I thought was &quot;Oceanside&quot;. I loved the neighborhood and proximity to so many things to see and do but could never locate it again until I saw it here tonight. I hope my husband and I can stay there this Sept. It sounds like what we are looking for. Thank you to all reviewers	
May 7 2009 	Great place for the price	This was our third stay at the Oceanview Motel. We like the location, given proximity to the beach and transportation. Java Beach Coffee next door is a great place for any meal, including a light dinner.The rooms are pretty basic, but rather large. There is a fridge and a microwave, great when staying in SF since you may not always want to buy dinner. We ordered in the first night and kept the leftovers for another meal.It's not fancy and there are no doormen, elevators or concierge, but it's a motel folks. You can get a good clean room, no bed bugs, in a safe neighborhood for less than $100 a night. The N Judah line ends right out front, so you can get to anywhere in the city without much trouble. Parking is free, worth another $50 a night in some places.If you need a basic place to stay with your destination, not your room, being the treat, this is the place to stay.	
Mar 22 2009	Don't stay unless your desperate	This place was terrible. The entrance smelled of old wet carpet. The hallways smelled of curry. The doors rattled and when I spoke to the person at the front desk about it she said there wasn't anything that could be done,so I took a few guides from the lobby and stuck them around the door jam to stop it. There was no elevator. The towels were old,gray and like sand paper. The only good thing was that there was a great chinese rest. a block away on Judah.	
Dec 31 2008 	Good Basic Motel	The Oceanview Motel is a good basic motel in a very convenient location for the west side of SF at the corner of Judah and the Great Highway (Hwy 1). It was relatively inexpensive and though it is a bit old and worn, effort is obviously made to keep the rooms clean and neat. We had room 132 on the top floor facing the rear (parking area) which is a good choice in that it faces away from the convenient but noisy N-Judah Line streetcar which turns around right outside the front door of the motel with a fare amount of squealing noise right through the night (bring ear plugs). This room is also at the end of the indoor hall and shares only one wall with another room so it is quiet in that way, as well. The N-Judah takes you straight to 9th and Irving, 2 blocks south of Golden Gate Park and the Cal. Academy of Science and DeYoung museums. If you stay on it, it will also take you all the way across town. Next door to the motel is the great Java Beach Cafe, a neighborhood coffee shop that serves oatmeal and pastries for breakfast as well as sandwiches and salads all day, as well as many coffee and tea drinks. The ocean is right across the Great Highway, steps away. The wonderful Beach (and Park) Chalet Brewpub is .7 miles and walking distance north along the Great Highway from the motel. It was nice to park the car at the motel and just take the bus/streetcar around to see the sights. Bus line 18 goes along the Great Highway if you want to go up to the Cliff House, Legion of Honor, or the great Land's End hiking trail with its fabulous views of the ocean and Golden Gate Bridge. For it's great location, public transportation access, and relatively low price for the city, we were very happy with our two night stay at the Oceanview Motel.	
Oct 25 2008 	Don't Stay Here!!!!	This place is not clean!!! There floors are filthy! The windows are black. There are droppings on the floor!! Holes in the linnens and towels. Manager did not care and we were charged for a night. After immediately checking back out. This place needs to be condemed. WARNING!!!	
Oct 4 2008 	A very nice experience!	The Oceanview Hotel is a great place to stay if you would like to see San Francisco like a local. It is situated in a neighborhood. Right next door is the Java Beach Cafe, a local coffee bar. Hang out with the locals or go across the street and walk the beach.We live a few miles away in Sausalito but wanted to stay in the city for convenience. Our plans were to go to the Hardly Strictly Bluegrass concert in Golden Gate Park.We arrived midday on Friday. Parking is on a first come basis and we easily got a spot. Our room was on the second floor facing Judah Street. The room was very basic, but clean and neat. It had what we needed. It is definitely not luxury, but the price is unbelievable for San Francisco and the location. It is in a wonderful location: a block from the ocean and on a major transit line. The Judah Line will take you where you need to go or connect. It is a few blocks from Golden Gate Park.If you are sensitive to sounds, ask for a room away from Judah. Honestly, the street noise did not keep us awake or was any way obtrusive. We'd definitely would stay there again and recommend it to friends.I gave it 3 stars so as not to exceed expectations. But, if you go into it with the right attitude, it is 4 stars because of its cleanliness and friendly front desk staff.	
Jun 5 2008 	Close to Beach	My friend and I enjoyed our stay there. Our room was facing the main street, but there were no major noise issues. Amenities are very basic as you'd expect in any motel. We needed an iron, but they didn't have one that we could borrow. A coffee shop is conveniently located next to the motel seemed to be a popular neighborhood hang out. We enjoyed our breakfast there. We chose this motel for free parking. Also we wanted to stay somewhere different than Union Sq for a change.	
Jan 1 2008 	Not too bad...	My husband and I just wanted a simple, clean inexpensive place to stay in the Ocean Beach area of San Francisco for one night, and we decided to give this place a try.It wasn't bad, in fact, in some ways it felt like some of the inexpensive places we have stayed in Europe (although they are usually much smaller). It certainly was inexpensive -- only $80 during the Christmas/New Year week, including free parking. The location is across the highway from a huge beach and within walking distance of Golden Gate Park, and landmark (albeit touristy) restaurants like the Beach Chalet and the Cliff House.I wasn't sure about it at first. The &quot;lobby&quot; was small and a bit dingy, and the clerk was behind glass. When we entered the stairway to get to our room, it looked like it hadn't been vacuumed or tended to in quite a while. When we got to our room, we had forgotten to ask for non-smoking and the room absolutely reeked of cigarettes! I immediately called the front desk and asked that we be moved to a non-smoking room. The room we were then given was much nicer. It was considerably larger ( it had one queen bed, but was large enough for two) and had a better view (over the rooftops next door, we could see the ocean). The bathroom facilities were fairly new and there was a skylight above the shower/tub. The room had a small refrigerator, microwave oven, &amp; coffee maker. The negatives were: very small bath towels, a somewhat uncomfortable bed (harder than I like), really flat pillows (and no extras), and the heater was very noisy, so we didn't sleep very well.All in all, it was certainly adequate for our needs on this particular visit to the city. And luckily for us, the weather was really beautiful, so we spent most of our time outside of the room anyway!	
May 15 2007	Good value for SF	A bare bones but comfortable, clean motel for a reasonable price (by San Francisco standards). The neighborhood has several excellent restaurants, and is outside the usual touristy parts of Frisco. It's not hard to find a laundromat, gas station, convenience store, video store, or public transit. A comfortable coffee shop next door has free Wifi though the motel itself does not.It's about 45 minutes away from downtown by trolley, but if you're a nature lover who'd rather see Ocean Beach, Golden Gate Park, and Land's End instead of Fisherman's Wharf or Japantown, you can't find a better location.As long as you just want a comfortable place to stay and aren't looking for bellhops, room service, and other four star amenities, and don't mind being on the far western part of town, you should be happy here.	
Apr 10 2007 	Transit friendly	San Francisco is a great place to visit. It is even more fun if you don't have to worry about driving all over town, and looking for a place to park, then paying the price. Here is an idea. Stay at the Oceanview Motel on Judah St. It is at the end of the N-Judah streetcar line, and across from Ocean Beach. We paid $69 per night, and used the SF MUNI transit system to get to all the places we wanted to go in San Francisco.The room was clean and comfortable, and a good bargain. The staff was wonderful. I would like to keep this a secret, so I can get a room when I return, but I will tell on them. If I were to grade them, it would be an A-.  It is a short walk across the street to the ocean, and there is a little coffee hut next door. You can walk to Golden Gate Park, the Cliff House or the Zoo. Sure, you can spend $175 or more on a room, but why bother? The object of the trip is to see the local attractions. Most of the time when I am in my room, the only thing I see is the inside of eyelids! So, in a nutshell, Yes i would gladly stay there again, and I would recommend it to my best friends.	
Sep 26 2006	this was ok	stayed here for 2 nights - friendliest staff so far in our 3 week adventure! We knew we would only be sleeping in our room as too much to see and do in SF. Hotel clean and spacious and lady on reception so helpful - gave us maps and routes and everything she could to help us explore. Muni terminal outside so catching the muni in and out of city easy - hotel give you info on routes you need so not a problem - and all for $1.50 for as far as you can travel for 2 hours. Numerous bars and restaurants close by - we had an Indian meal in a small restaurant 2 mins walk away and it was ok - beach over the road too.	
Jul 31 2006 	Not Bad For The Money	I recently stayed at the Oceanview and while it isn't the greatest motels in The City, for the cost, it is pretty decent. The couple who run the motel, are I believe Indian and are very nice. I did notice that the windows don't lock, and in fact our window could have fallen out of the track and crashed on the floor if I wasn't the careful sort, but overall the hotel is clean, easy to get to and very close to the beach which is really nice. It is also pretty quiet and even has a little minifridge. For someone who wants to spend no more than $75.00 a nice, this is definitely THE PLACE!!	
Jan 22 2006	Great	This hotel was fine. It is cheap - Sure it is not a 4 star hotel but the price is right. You can stay in the busy city for an estimated $280-$350 a night for a nice room or you can stay here for $55-$65 a night and get your basic room. All you really are doing is sleeping there anyway. If you new to California you spend most of your time outdoors- so it works out great. The Muni Stops right in front of the hotel and you can take it to the Bart and then grab a bus to Fishermans Wharf. It is so awesome. I have been coming here once a year for a week at a time for 3yrs now. It is only around $380 for the whole week stay. For a 2 night getaway I would also reccommend the peaceful, relaxing Pacifica not that far. Although you will need a cab to get there. Hope this helps out a little!Here is thier site;	
Nov 21 2005	Cheap but not so great	I stayed here for one night while in the City for my daughter's graduation. It was convenient since she lives on the N Judah streetcar line that ends in front of the hotel. Also nice if you want to walk on the beach, which is wonderful at sunset. What isn't so nice is that it is near a public toilet facility that attracts less than desirable folk. The room was dark and dingy, barely okay for a place to sleep. Only one key. Windows dirty. It seems like a lot of the rooms are rented long term, although I am not sure. I would not recommend it and will not stay there again. I believe that there are better choices - just need to keep looking!	
Jun 20 2004	windows dont lock	We arrived at the Oceanview hotel one day of august 2003, had to pay 90 on the spot and were given a large room on the second floor. First thing we saw: the windows couldnt lock, and the emergency stairs platform was right there. On our complaint we were given another room: same problem (due to saline corrosion it seems). In a rude way, the manager said we could get our money back and leave. We stayed a night and moved the next day across the street to the BEACH HOTEL, same price, frendlier and safer. Be aware of the quite long bus ride to get there from center if you do not have a car.	
Apr 21 2004	Bare Bones but GREAT for Beach Lovers	I have been staying at the OceanView for many years. I am used to staying in 5 star hotels and find it refreshing to stay in a place where every convenience is NOT provided and is a stone's throw from the beach and the Golden Gate Park. The Java Cafe is fabulous and is right next door. I find that management is very accommodating when guests are respectful and appreciative. No, it's not the greatest but it is a wonderful getaway at the beach and I'm not running into people I know and want to suck the life out of my day.	
Feb 7 2004	So cheesy be renamed The Cheese Town Motel	I had to stay @ this motel for a couple of weeks. I was terrible. The shower leaked, there was little to no made service. The cost to use the phone was astronomical and to top it off, the wall were so thin you could here everything and everyone. In a pinch this will do. It is near the beach and the excellent Java Cafe. On whole, this place will never be confused with the taj mahal.	
Jun 16 2003	Bare bones ops.	Yes, clean and economical but comfortable? Spare key nonexistent, walls might as well have been made of paper, the MUNI turnaround out front adds to the noise comfort, shower required unstopping, no second curtain, and local calls are 0.50/&quot; vice /call. Pluses if you consider them are a remote, beach proximity, adjacent internet cafe, and complimentary customer parking when available. You'd have to open a new classification for here since it ranks somewhere between a 1, terrible and 2, OK but problems. Would recommend for beachmongers.	
Mar 30 2008	Ein nettes Motel!		
