Sep 28 2009 	The worst hotel I've ever seen	This was the worst hotel I've ever seen. It's so bad, in a very bad and unsafe location in downtown San Francisco. Tens of rooms share one and only ONE shower!!!! You also have to share toilets!!!! There is no service. You need to ask and change your SINGLE towel every day. No service to clean the room or do the bed. The breakfast was nothing: muffins and fruit. Honestly, my stay there was a nightmare.	
Apr 13 2009 	Good for the Budget Minded	I've stayed here once three years ago, and found the experience less than satisfactory. Recently, due to every major hotel being booked for a conference, I decided to check back to see if it improved any.And boy has it. The lobby seemed brand new and the staff was much friendlier than I remembered. The shared bathrooms, my biggest complaint from before, had also been renovated. Instead of &quot;prison showers&quot; they were much more homey, and for the two days I was there, were always mostly clean.And to top it off, their rates were even lower than I recalled.For the money, I really don't think you can beat it if you're looking for a private room.The only negative is the neighborhood, which though better, still needs improvement. It's pretty much what you'd expect from a Low Income downtown area, but I never felt particularly unsafe. Just use your head and common sense.I'm not into the nightlife, but there were a few clubs across the street, one of them looking pretty fancy with velvet ropes. If that's your scene, it's just a short walk away.	
Aug 25 2008 	Stay out!	This hotel is not worth of being called a &quot;hotel&quot;. I'd rather call it a dump. Bad neighbourhood, no money for value, absolutely not clean at all, restrooms are so dirty, people staying there are very weird, staff unfriendly... Conclusion: never stay at this place, go somewhere else, really, it's the best you can do.	
Oct 19 2007 	This place just feels wrong...	My finance and I were looking for somewhere to stay that was affordable, and near the show we were planning to see that evening. Well, affordable it was, at just under 60.00 dollars it seemed a bargain as i have on several occasions payed close to and over 180.00 for a nights stay in this city. There are however places, that one can stay that are within the 60 to 80 dollar range, that do not compromise ones feeling of safety, or hygiene standards and we felt this place most certainly did.  We based our decision on whether or not to stay here on price, and photographs of the place that can be seen on the hotel's website. When you walk into the place you will be greeted with a steel cage that you need to be buzzed into in order to get into the door, once inside the building, you will see that the desk person is protected and separated from you by a little plexy glass encased room that reminded me of those i have seen at gas stations. The shared toilet and shower facilities were reminiscent of a prison film, peeling paint, a toilet with literally a piece of corn next to it on the floor, and a giant rubber garbage can next to the toilet, filled with empty 40 ounce bottles and what looked like vomit and coffee grounds. The room smelled of stale smoke and Lysol spray. Some, but not all, of the staff that we had met were very rude, and impersonal, little eye contact, etc. We were up almost all night listening to people arguing and shouting profanity at one another. This place had a feeling of sadness, the building and all we encountered within just felt abused, both the energy within the building, and its visual presence as well. The place just felt wrong. unsafe. I strongly recommend that you find somewhere else to stay, This place is FAR far less then desirable, even for those of us trying to stay within a budget.	
May 17 2007 	Very Central great place	This is a great place, downtown, close to MUNI, Cable Car, Shopping and Nightlife! It is also close to freeway access, and parking. I'll be back!	
Oct 1 2006 	worst of the world!!! no kidding	Do never, ever go to this place!!!!! I have no word to explain......You better bet that nobody would stay even for free!!! there is a lot of much better places and with low rates as Biltimore Hotel at Taylor st.The place smells pii, the drug deallers sell everything in the door, and the plece is used to the junks to take drugs.. Not speaking the 15 homeless every step...the place is bizarre!!!! don`t put your feets right there!!! REALLY!!!! And this is a resume...belive me	
