	Wow wot a lovely hotel	Me and my girlfriend spent 9 wonderful nights in this hotel and i must say it was one of the best hotels i have every been in.Very close to union square and the view we had from the 10th floor was beautiful staff was very friendly and will try and cater to ur every need.Room was very clear and neat and the bed is so big and soft and the comfort level is to die for and the coffee maker is so fast.Tea and sherry in the afternoon in the lobby is great after long days out.The only problem we had was a leak in the bathroom and this was sorted pretty quickly.Resturants and diners are a stones throw away and the food is great if it,s shopping u want designer stores and maceys are just on the square.	
Nov 22 2009 	Absolutely divine hotel- class all the way	My husband and I stayed here for a week, returning this morning. I repeatedly said that I couldn't fault the hotel. We both agree that it was amazing value for money and the location - just steps to Union Square - simply couldn't be bettered.The decor was stunning and I was very sad when it came time to check out!Very accommodating staff and lovely little touches such as the afternoon sherry, and complimentary morning coffee. A very chic experience.We would not hesitate to stay here again when next we are in San Francisco. THANKS KENSINGTON PARK! :-) 10/10.	
Nov 10 2009 	Perfect weekend getaway	My husband and I just returned from a long weekend in San Francisco. We stayed at the Kensington Park Hotel and this is where we will stay if/when we return to the city. The location is perfect - it's literally in the heart of Union Square. Union Square, to me, was definitely touristy and not really my favorite part of town, but the central location is perfect. My husband and I love to walk around and explore the city and this allowed for us to do so very easily. Also, if you're new to San Fran, you feel really safe because there are always lots of people around. Additionally, there are great amenities (Walgreens, coffee shops, breakfast places, etc) right around the corner. When we arrived at the Kensington Park Hotel, we were very impressed immediately with how cute the lobby is and also how friendly the staff is. We were early in our arrival and they gave us several choices of rooms (explained front vs. back of building; choice of king v. queen bed, etc). Our room didn't disappoint. It faced a building, but we didn't care - the room is a great size (definitely a city hotel size) and the bathroom was pretty large as well. Our bathroom only had a shower (once again, they had given us a choice upon check in) but it suited us just fine and it was actually really large. The Kensington staff is tremendous. Everyone was incredibly friendly and helpful and definitely wanted to make sure we had a great stay. This hotel is the perfect &quot;boutique-y&quot; hotel and we will definitely stay there again.	
Nov 5 2009 	Excellent hotel great location	Stayed here for 4 nights on our first trip to San Francisco. We were in the front on the 9th floor. There was quite a bit of road noise in the early hours from trash lorries, but after the 1'st night we closed the window and put the fan on and all was OK. Room was very clean and bed comfortable and the location perfect as close to many restaurants and cable cars. Would definately stay there again.	
Oct 16 2009 	Romantic beautiful rooms.	This is a gorgeous hotel. The rooms looked newly re-done with very modern and plush decor. It was surprisingly very quiet for being right near Union Square. The only complaint was the hotel parking fees were very expensive. The staff was very helpful and professional. Very clean. Would love to stay again!	
Oct 15 2009 	Lovely Stay	We stayed at the Kensington Park as part of our honeymoon &amp; were upgraded to the Royal Suite where we had a fab room with a great view. After travelling from L.A. it was a refreshing change to be close to all amenities. The hotel is just off Union Square &amp; is a great location for catching tour buses &amp; is in walking distance to the shopping areas, restaurants &amp; night life. Only regret is that we didn't stay longer! Lovely hotel &amp; would like to give a special mention to the very helpful staff.	
Oct 13 2009 	Charming hotel in great location	Lovely hotel, close to transport and Union Square. As mentioned by other reviewers, this is an older hotel which adds to the charm. Rooms are small but have been modernised and are very inviting. Bathroom is very small and there's no real bench space, but this is only a minor inconvenience. Some have mentioned the street noise can be annoying - we did hear sirens etc but with the window closed, it wasn't an issue.We took the train from the airport and walked the three blocks up to the hotel. It wasn't that far, but if you have lots of luggage, might be a bit of a struggle. Check-in was quick and hassle-free. Seemed like a good area and we felt comfortable walking around. The restaurant looked next to the hotel looked very nice but we didn't have a chance to go. There's also a little cafe on the other side of the hotel which we had breakfast at one morning, which was ok but nothing special.	
Oct 13 2009 	Fantastic Hotel great location! Book it now!	I couldn't decide where to stay in SF but we definitely picked the right spot! We were right on union square with shops, restaurants &amp; bars right on our doorstep without the need for taxis, public transport etc. The rooms were v.spacious, extremely comfy beds &amp; modern looking also had free wifi. Great rates generally available in comparison to some other hotels that seem dingy and very old fashioned!! Definitely recommend staying here over Fishermans Wharf which is fine for an afternoon &amp; a burger but nowhere for you to enjoy a nice meal &amp; btl of wine etc. Only downside was the parking at $35 per day but you can't escape this if u want to stay in this central area. Would recommend to anyone going to SF!	
Oct 10 2009 	Great value	We consider ourselves very lucky in finding this hotel. Its location is superb, in short walking distance from Union Square. The hotel is charming, and our room was spacious, clean, I would even say luxurious. On the minus side, there is no breakfast included, but you will not find any trouble in finding a nice place for having breakfast in the area.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Stay!	This was a great stay. Its not super modern. Its not new. But it was clean and the room looked just like the picture on the internet. The location is perfect. We would definitely go back.	
Oct 6 2009 	Nice hotel in a great location	The Kensington Park is a great hotel if you are after a good location in SF close to shops, restaurants and transport. We caught the BART from the airport to Powell Street then its just a few blocks walk up to the Kensington.Vincent on the front desk was very friendly and welcoming on our arrival. There is no tea/coffee in the rooms but these are available on the 9th floor and you can use the takeaway cups if you wish. Our room was a reasonable size - slightly noisy but then this is a central hotel! Very clean, comfortable bed. One small thing I would say is that it seemed difficult to shut the doors without force ... and noise! We struggled and think next door did too, hence being woken up on a couple of occasions. We got the tour bus on a 2 day pass from Union Square for $20 each and with this you can get on and off as many times as you like. David our driver was hilarious - a fantastic guide with some great stories to tell.If you want a reasonably priced hotel in the heart of it all then the Kensington Park is perfect!	
Sep 28 2009 	Best Customer Service I have enjoyed in a long time	Stayed 5 nights on vacation with spouse, daughter and mother-in-law. Had requested two adjoining rooms so as to be able to assist 91 year old family member. I had neglected to request separate beds for daughter/mother-in-law. Desk clerk, on her own, saw the reserved room only had one bed and asked us if we would prefer separate beds. She not only found new rooms, but moved us up to the top floor so we could get a better view and be on the quiet side of the building. She was extremely cheerful, helpful, proactive in asking if we needed any help/info/reservations/ etc. In fact, all the desk clerks and the conciere were extremely friendly, helpful and genuinely interested in providing any help they could. We used a muni pass to navigate around and several times asked the desk staff for help...they went online to research the bus routes/connections which was very helpful and appreciated. ALL the housekeepers greeted us with a smile and &quot;good morning/ good evening.&quot; Kudos to management for assembling and training an excellent staff! Afternoon sherry was a nice touch. Rooms were not fancy but clean, quiet and with very comfortable beds. Free internet and nice business office with printers. Location was only 1/2 block from Union Square-close to mulitple muni transportation alternatives. We visit SF every two years or so. Next time we will going back to the Kensington Park.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great Location - price is right!!	This is an older hotel that has recently been updated. The bathroom is small but clean. The beds are very comfortable. This was one of the few older hotels that offered two full size beds in one room. The room is fairly well appointed but cramped with the two beds in it. However, the location is great and the price is low(for San Francisco)! It's 1/2 block from the Powell St cable car and Union square. Rental cars are two blocks from the hotel.We were able to ride the cable cars all day. Cable car ride to Fisherman's Wharf, Ghiardelli Square. Walking distance to shopping, dining, SFMOMA, Chinatown.Spent one night while touring SF for 2 days. After consulting tripadvisor and knowing my wife's love of fresh air , we requested a corner room above the 5th floor when we booked. We were moved to a 6th floor corner room at check-in for an extra $10 charge. Please note that the guest rooms are located on the 5th floor and above anyway and we ended up closing the windows because the temperature dropped to 50 degrees that night.The staff is courteous and excellent! The doormen especially during the day are great. We arrived early and stayed late because of an Amtrak connection. We were able to check-in early and store our luggage after checkout until well into the evening.	
Sep 25 2009 	Small quality hotel with excellent service.	This hotel was on the older side, which added to it's charm. The service was first class and friendly. The staff seemed attentive to all of our needs. Tea &amp; sherry in the lobby every afternoon was a nice touch. On the down side , no AC, but we definatly did not need it. There was a big ceiling fan and the window opened. We would go back.	
Sep 23 2009 	Loved it!	We booked our vacation package to SF from Montreal via Yahoo travel. We decided on the Kensington Park Hotel based on reviews on TripAdvisor and price comparisons. The Kensington Park Hotel is value for money considering its rooms are comfortable and clean, and the fact that it's in the middle of all the action. Actually, we were surprised that the rate was so affordable. The staff were friendly and helpful, the bed was very comfortable, and the room was clean (I paid special notice to the bathroom because I'm finicky about these things). It's true there is no air conditioning (there is a ceiling fan), but we didn't need it anyway during our stay as the weather was cool. I had read some reviews complaining about street noise, but we experienced no problems in this department. Before traveling, I requested a king size bed and/or a room on an upper floor if possible, and they were able to accommodate us with both things. We were not disturbed by outside noise on the 9th floor. All in all, for an expensive city that was full of tourists at the time, we felt we got a great deal at this hotel, and I'll likely stay there again the next time I visit San Francisco.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great location	We booked our stay at the Kensington Park after reviewing trip advisor and researching different rates and availability at various hotels. It was a great decision as the location of this hotel was perfect for everything we wanted to do. It was situated just off Union Square; the hub of all activity in downtown San Fran. The cable car stop was just at the end of the block and there was many restaurants, coffee shops nearby to get a meal or a quick snack. This boutique hotel was a perfect size , not too big where you feel like just another guest. The staff were very friendly and quick to answer our questions and be very helpful. The concierge was not as friendly and I found it easier to ask the staff questions. Our room was very comfortable and nicely decorated. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great boutique hotel value 	Kensington Park was a terrific boutique hotel and was very conveniently located in proximity to restaurants, shopping and cable cars. The hotel did not have air conditioning (not uncommon in San Francisco), but there was only 1 day where it was warm enough to be an issue. The staff was friendly and the rooms were clean and comfortable.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Location	This was a lovely hotel with a very helpful staff and a great location. The rooms were very clean, and great bedding. The only negative was we did not realize it was not air conditioned when we booked the hotel. Being from Texas, you want air conditioning. The weather was a little warmer than usual but it worked out for us.	
Aug 28 2009 	Location is just great!	Hotel staff are friendly and I just love the location which is just around the corner of Union Square.	
Aug 26 2009 	OK hotel. OK service. Great location. No repeat visit from us though.	The location is great. The front desk service was fine however on the 2 occassions we asked concierge for assistance, we were treated rudely and dismissively. In fact I found the concierge treatment quite upsetting. 1 query was about Alcatraz tours and we were rudely told &quot;they are all sold out&quot; and no further effort was made to suggest an alternative. The second query, I asked where a certain street was and the guy looked at me and said &quot;I have no idea what you are talking about&quot; . Just so rude. It's a shame the helpful front desk staff can't also do the concierge work. Rooms are exactly as pictured and described but many parts of the hotel ie) hallways, show signs of wear and tear. On a few occassions we were waiting for ages for lifts as they were being used by maintencance staff. There was just something not right about this place, we couldn't put our finger on it. It's like a mediocre hotel pretending to be exclusive. Don't get a street side room - very noisy.	
Aug 15 2009 	Can't wait to come back!	This was my brothers and I first trip to San Francisco and we stayed at the Kensington Park for one week. I have to agree totally with the other posts that the service given by the staff was always very attentive and friendly. We stayed in room # 46, eight floor, two double beds was really nice and clean. Nice cafe right next to the hotel called Cafe Taza for a quick breakfast or other meal. Hotel is only about 4 blocks North of the Powell St. Muni &amp; BART station which is great if your using the BART from San Francisco Airport.	
Jul 28 2009 	Perfect hotel in a perfect location!	The rooms at this hotel are simply beautiful! The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever stayed in (other than my own) and the decor is beautiful. Everything from the huge flat screen tv, king size bed, cute bathroom, spacious closet and storage space was perfect. The heating was also great in the cool weather. I guess my only (tiny) gripes were the pressure of the shower head being really weak, and the lack of bar fridge (although there was an ice facility close by). The location was fantastic, being only a 5 minute walk from Macy's Union Square and 10 minutes from the Westfield Shopping Mall. I would definately stay here again and recommend it to anyone considering a stay in San Francisco.	
Jun 26 2009 	Nice!	We stayed at the Kensington Park for three nights. Our room was nice - the bed was very comfortable! The location was very good, close to Union Square. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful, but we never caught the concierge! We ended up getting some information via the front desk person on the phone with the concierge. We paid a discounted price, which was a good value, but I'm not sure I would have been as happy with the value if had I paid more. Although the hotel is refurbished, some parts are still dated. And, the internet was very slow.	
Jun 19 2009 	All round pleasurable trip	My husband and I stayed at the Kensington Park hotel for 4 nights and we couldn't fault it. The location couldn't have been better. Walking distance f rom the cable car pick up, with Macy's, Tiffiany's and the main shopping Mall all within easy walking distance. The hotel was very clean and the staff extremely helpful. The rec eption staff were delighted to offer advice on any questions we posed to them. The reception area is a little quirky and their afternoon ritual of complimentary sherry was an unusual offering, although i must say it was a nice way to meet up with other guests staying in the hotel as it turned into a little social gathering,Our room was spacious and very clean the only down side we found was that the garbage collection and street cleaning was done during the early hours of the morning and our room was directly above this area making it very noisy. Luckly it wasn't every day, and it didn't last for too long. The hotel has a theatre which seems to be well attended and the restaurant next door, (access through the reception area) is very good. In fact all of the restaurants in San Francisco we ate at were of a very high standard.	
Jun 13 2009 	Awesome Hotel	This was my first trip to San Francisco and I didn't really know what to expect or where to stay..... I did a little research online and we stayed at TheKensington Park Hotel...... WOW!!! Great lobby with free evening tea &amp; sherry. Great beds, large flat screen TV's and the shower had great water pressure!! 1 block to Union Square...... all of this and the price was affordable for a large city.	
Jun 10 2009 	Simply Perfect	I always stay at this hotel when I am in town and recommend it to colleagues and friends as well. It is a perfect location - just steps from Union Square. The Powell Street Bart station is just a few blocks away, so those coming from the San Francisco airport can save themselves the price of a cab or shuttle! The hotel is in an Elks Club building, and still maintains an air of &quot;clubiness&quot; - old world European charm. Tea and Sherry in the afternoon at the hotel is a delightful touch. The rooms are pleasant, clean and although you may hear some street noise (ask for earplugs at the front desk, just in case), I have NEVER been bothered by noise from the hallway, adjoining rooms, etc. This hotel seems to attract a respectful clientele. Hint: For your morning coffee, go down to the corner Borders bookstore and visit their 2nd floor coffee shop. Grab a seat by the window, which directly overlooks Union Square, and enjoy people-watching at its finest!	
May 17 2009 	Kensington Park Hotel - Fit for Royalty	Everyone knows that traveling can be expensive. On tight budgets, oftentimes the first place you cut is your hotel quality because all you really need is a place to lay your head at night. However, this can be one of the most important parts of your trip. Who wants to share their bed with bedbugs or mites after a long day of sightseeing? That can truly ruin a good time, don'tcha think?My experience at Kensington Park Hotel in San Francisco has been wonderful. It is one of the Personality Hotels in SF and is located at 450 Post Street, right in the heart of Union Square. I stayed there in November 2008 for a couple of nights and again on my recent weeklong adventure from May 5-11, 2009. Why'd I go back? First off, the price was right. Obviously, from looking at its website, Kensington Park can be a bit high for most budgets. However, remember that you're in SF and that everything is pretty expensive. I got a great deal for air and hotel from Honolulu so I booked it right away. There were other air/hotel deals out there (believe me, I combed all the usual sites and then some), but when Kensington popped up within my budget, I jumped at the chance to stay there again.What I learned last fall is that their beds are truly heavenly, especially after a day of walking up and down hills or in and out of stores. I have never slept on a bed better than this one, and this includes my own bed at home. I don't even know how to describe it to you. It's just the right firmness and softness to ease your aching body to sleep every night. You melt into the comforter and are engulfed by softness.Another good quality about this hotel is that the staff is very accommodating. My flight arrived at 5:55 a.m. and by the time I got to the city it was around 7:15 a.m. Despite this ungodly hour, the staff allowed me and my BFF to check in way ahead of schedule. (When we called to double check that they had our reservations, we put in a request for early check-in but they said they couldn't guarantee anything.) I can only imagine that either we looked pretty had-it from the red-eye flight out of Honolulu or that the staff was very, very accommodating. I like to believe the latter but cannot be sure.The room we were given (#4 on the fifth floor) was a bit smaller than the one we received on our last trip. However, this could also be because we were only two people and last fall we had three. Even though the room and bathroom were smaller than before, they were still very satisfactory. Everything was clean, which was a definite plus. There was no mold, mildew or hair in the bathroom. The beds were made and everything seemed to be in order. For a peek at the rooms, check out their website. Yes, those are probably professionally done pictures and no doubt are enhanced with a little help from Photoshop. But, trust me. That's exactly what the rooms look like, if not just a tad less bright and vibrant. Still, the beds and rooms definitely live up to the PR/marketing hype of the website.Another good thing about the staff is that they're very friendly. I hate to admit it, but for the life of me I cannot remember the name of the guy at the front desk. There were actually three different people at the front desk at different times of the day and night. However, the night shift/early morning guy definitely stood out. He's the guy who checked us in (this time and last time if I remember right). Every time he saw us, he'd greet us with a big smile and address us by our names. Yeah, he actually remembered our names! Amazing when the hotel seemed to be almost fully booked. This kind of customer service is a sign that Kensington Park is really going the extra mile for its guests.If you're not convinced by now to try this hotel on your next SF visit, let me add that it's only a skip away from all the shops at Union Square, steps away from the Muni (cable car and buses) and just a couple of blocks up from BART. The location is hot, hot, hot. So definitely try Kensington Park Hotel because it's fit for royalty.--------------------------------Check out:http://skycastles808.blogspot.com/http://movieaddictsclub.blogspot.com/	
May 14 2009 	Lovely hotel fabulous location	We stayed at the Kensington Park for 2 nights. The location is perfect, walkingdistance to many restaurants, shopping and cable cars. It was nice to have thepersonal service and touches of a smaller boutique hotel. The staff were veryhelpful with transportation and restaurant suggestions. We faced the street anddid get some street noise but you are in downtown San Francisco, same as anylarge city. Would absolutley come back.	
May 13 2009 	Newly Renovated and pet-friendly	When I went the rooms had just been renovated and every detail was immaculate. The location was perfet. Central to all my needs. We ate at the Farollon restauant twice. The food was good and not too expensive for a hotel in the heart of San Francisco. I loved that it was pet-friendly. Being able to take my dog anywhere makes my life easier. The staff was so loving toward my dog too. I loved the architechture. Combining old world charm with the comforts of technology. The bed and bedding were pristine and soo comfortable.	
May 12 2009 	Luxurious Romance and Fun Package	Kensington Park is a Personality Hotel and this hotel has got it all. One of the best in SF. right at the heart of Union Square where everything is accessible by walking right outside of the hotel! the view we had from out room was great, we had a telescope to see (spy!) on people outside! it was very fun! right outside our window we could see the union square, the ice skating rink (because we went during winter time) and the Macys all lit up! The bed was super comfy, had one of the best sleeps ever there. The staff is very friendly, the rooms are clean, comfortable, they also have a showroom, cinema on one floor as well as a seafood restaurant next door. I highly recommend this place. The hotel is very luxuriously themed and its quite the romantic time to spend there. However, with all the shopping, eating, skating, and looking around to do, its so much fun!	
May 6 2009 	A gem!	Couldn't agree more with previous reviews - and it's all true!!Perfect location! Friendly, helpful and attentative staff. Although no meals were available at the hotel it was nice that they provided morning coffe/tea and also had complimentary afternoon sherry in the lounge area. The room was spatious, was nicely designed and the bed very comfortable.Only drawback (very minor though), if you are a light sleeper - there is the street noise of San Francisco and the neighbours in the next room! But hey - the hotel is not sound proof!	
Mar 26 2009 	Great location really comfortable	We spent 3 nights here on a short stop. The hotel has a brilliant location - just yards away from Union Square, the cable car routes, buses and shops. It doesn't have a restaurant but that doesn't matter as we found a great diner in the next block 5 minutes away.The staff are really friendly and helpful with giving advice on places to go or how to get there, booking airport transfers and anything else you might need. The hotel has a couple of complimentary PCs so we had free internet access too.The rooms were really comfortable - possibly the most comfortable beds we've ever come across. The rooms are clean and well-maintained.Our only negative point would be the poor windows in the room. We were 12 floors up and the wind howled and whistled through the window and gave a bit of a draught. A small point on an otherwise lovely stay.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great location nice hotel!	Nice hotel, great location, clean and tidy. Nice touch with complimentarytea/coffee and sherry in the afternoon. Wonderful beds, the mostcomfortable i've ever noted in a hotel. Really enjoyable stay and fairvalue too. Only very minor complaint would be lack of milk in rooms to make tea/coffee (which was provided) or complimentary water. Go there, you won't be disappointed.	
Feb 15 2009 	Nice Rooms great location	Stayed here Sept 2008 during a holiday touring California. Stayed 3 nights here. This hotel is ideally located for seeing San Francisco.Positives:-- Great location- clean modern rooms- reasonably priced for San FranciscoNegatives:-- Valet parking expensive, but no different than any other hotel in San Fran.While in San Francisco we did the following trips:-- Boat trip to Alcratraz and Golden Gate bridge- Trolley tour of city - defiantly worth while for seeing the different sites- Hire car to Napa Valley. Visited Sonoma, petrified forest, Ye Old Faithful geyser and wineries. Defiantly worth doing.- visit China town, pier 39, Coit tower- great meal in North Beach at Calzone's on Columbus	
Jan 28 2009 	What a bargain!	I kept thinking I would discover why the room rate was so cheap, but instead found the location, linens, view, TV, updated bathroom, doorman, valet parking, more than I excepted or even hoped for. There was a hassle as I checked out because they didn't have the rate the same as I did, so keep your printed confirmation if you make reservations online. They eventually came to the same figure as I had, so that was nice. Definitely go for the upgrade because for $20 we got on the 10th floor with a view and it was very quiet, except for street noise. They even have coffee and juice in the AM, and sherry and tea in the evening, along with slippers and Spa lotions for your taking. I could not have been more pleased.	
Jan 22 2009 	Well situated and friendly hotel	Booked into hotel for a 3 night stay to have a first look at SF. We found the staff friendly and helpful and the hotel only a short walk from Union Square, SF shopping and the famous cable car transport to take you to the waterfront through some great old SF houses.The room was clean and comfortable if not particularly big. We were on the back of the building and although we did not have much of a view we were away from the street noise on the front.There is no breakfast provided but you can have complimentary tea and sherry between 4 and 6 in the afternoon- great way to finish the shopping trip.The hotel has a restaurant next door but there was a big conference on during our time there and the restaurant was often full. The prices did appear a little steep. Try Sear Fine food on Powell.There is room service but what you are actually doing is getting food from the small cafe situated 2 doors away - La Tasa I think. By simply walking there and picking up the food yourself you will save over 20%. The same cafe is a good place to grab a bagel and coffee for breakfast. There are (limited) coffee making facilities in the room.	
Nov 29 2008 	Fantastic place to stay	Stayed in the hotel for 3 nights in mid November with wife and 9 yr old son. Stayed on the 10th floor with a view of Union Square and there was a telescope in the room to peek thru &amp; see the on goings across the street.The room was comfortable and nicely decorated. The bed was comfortable and ambience very fantastic.The location was near to Union Square where you can shop or find food when you are hungry. It is also within short walking distance to the tram stations if you need to venture further away from Union Square. Walgreen is also around the corner if you need to get water or other neccessities. If like me you are not driving in San Francisco but will be renting a car once you are leaving SF, Hertz is within 5 mins walk to the hotel for you to collect your car.	
Nov 24 2008 	lovely place	it took me so long to find a place that looked good enough. there is not that much in san fran unless your want to pay big bux. firstly the location of the hotel was the best you could get. just off powell st. and off union square. the entrance of the hotel was nice and grand. reception was large and nice but could do with a re-vamp in the interior design area. lovely fresh apples on the reception counter for anyone to take. great little touch. the room that we got was at the front of the building on the 9th floor. what a surprise i got when we went into our room. it was lovely, two double beds that looked unreal, lovely big headboards, lovely sheets and pillows. decor was so different to the main part of the hotel. alot nicer in the bed rooms. had a bedside locker with a fab lamp on it, telephone and radio. wall mounted flat screen tv. loads of walking space between beds and furniture, wardrobe was big with iron and ironing board in it. bathroom was perfect size, bath was a bit dated but i still managed to have a bath in it and it was lovely. i looked forward coming back to my room every evening! there was a bit of noise during the weekend with people out for a few drinks, it wasn't to bad, during the week noise form trucks and alot of police and fire engines zooming past every now and again but i didnt mind, it was all part of the experience.	
Nov 4 2008 	Fantastic location!	I had stayed in this hotel bfore so I knew the bathrooms were spacious (compared to the sister hotel around the block) The room had been updated from when I stayed there 2 years ago, clean, nicely decorated rooms. The room didn't have central air so we had to open the window a bit for circulation which was fine except at night where we could hear a some of the street noise. My only complaint is that the shower amenities were not restocked and the front desk staff were not that knowledgeable about local (not touristy) places to dine. The location is terrific, 6 blocks from the Chinatown Gate and the Cable car stop is 1/2 block away for everything else not in walking distance	
Oct 28 2008 	All you actually need	This small, older hotel is located in the downtown core of San Francisco, a block from a major chain hotel where I was attending a conference. It appears to have been renovated recently to good effect. The rooms of the hotel are on the upper floors of this 12 storey building, with the lower floors occupied by a theatre and a chapter of the Benevolent and Protective Order of the Elks. The upside of this is that there is a bit less street noise. Rooms are small, stylishly decorated and very clean. Check in was quick, and front desk staff were always very helpful and friendly. A concierge is available in the afternoon and evenings to help with reservations and tours.Rooms include: - very comfy bed with choice of pillows - very small bathroom, with lots of water pressure in shower - hairdryer - flat screen TV - free wireless internet (they forget to mention at check in that it's free so ask) - mine had a telescope for sightseeing (of the alley?) - walk-in closet with ironRooms do not include - safe (leave your valuables with the concierge or at home - functioning coffee maker (complementary coffee available each morning) - mini fridge or barThis hotel has no restaurant, pool or nightclub, but does have its own theatre. There is a cafe for breakfast on one side, and a trendy restaurant on the other. Union Square, the cable car route and major stores are 1 block away. With so much to do in San Francisco, it is nice not to waste money on hotel amenities that there is no time to use. Although I was so enthralled with the city that I spent very little time in my room, I found it a comfy, peaceful oasis to rest up for the adventures of the next day. If travelling without kids, I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 27 2008 	Excellent Location	The Kensington Park Hotel was the first hotel on our California Honeymoon. Jetlagged and tired we arrived to a friendly welcome and an attempt to sell us an upgrade. As it was our honeymoon we took it, but in hindsight not sure it was worth the additional money. The top floor corner room was nice (although a bit noisy), with a comfy bed, a jacuzzi bathtub, BIG TV and a coffeemaker. As we only had a few days in San Francisco the location was ideal as it's so close to Union Square, the cable cars, other transport, good restaurants, etc	
Oct 12 2008 	We loved it	Great location . The staff was very nice . extremely helpful. We would stay again.	
Sep 28 2008 	It's a no-brainer! You have to stay here!	I write this for no other reason than to help visitors to San Francisco choose a great place to stay. This site was invaluable to me whilst I was painstakingly researching hotels, tours, etc and it was the reviews here that convinced me I was booking the right place for my fussy mum, my 5-year old daughter and myself.We arrived at the hotel around 6 in the morning. The lone guy at the reception was very pleasant, said no rooms were available then and would give special instructions to the maid service when they arrived at 9am (or something) to do a rush job for us. We slept on the sofas and armchairs, and a little later, that guy told me that he had a good room for me - room 50, 9th floor, facing Nob Hill. When I inquired about the room a few hours later, a lady (who had taken over from the first nice guy) told me ,rather accusingly and curtly, that the room was still unavailable and that check-in was actually 3pm, implying that they were doing me a favour. Well, excuuuse me, I was just asking, was very polite, and didn't say or do anything to warrant that reaction from her. But she was a minor blip.Got to the room around 10am - tastefully done, taupe walls, dark brown furniture, high beds, huge pillows, unnecessary faux brown fur throws on beds, brown crystal chandelier, glass stemmed table lamps, large LCD wall telly, velvet-lined drawers!, roomy bathroom, glass! wastepaper basket, shower-in-bathtub combo, H2O brand toiletries, no fan (but it was chilly at night anyway), coffee-maker (good for warm drinks at night only since fresh coffee was available down the corridor every morning anyway), The San Francisco Chronicle every day. Small walk-in closet. Watch the doors, tho', they slam hard. Ice maker at noisy 'beverage room' next to room 51. Ice makers found at floors 9 &amp; 12 only. Classy clean quiet view of a hotel - Fairmont? - it's beautiful at night with the uplit flag fluttering in the wind. Didn't hear any refuse trucks in the morning. Could occasionally hear the dingdingding of the cable cars even tho' I was away from the main street - imagine the din if you stayed facing Post Street. Location is fantastic - cable car stops right at the corner where the Disney shop used to be. Shopping is everywhere! The BART, cable car turnaround, MUNI stops are all very near - it might seem a bit farther because you just can't walk there in a straight line - the sidewalks are packed with people. Don't stay at the Fisherman's Wharf area - I found it dirty, repetitive, same shops, same stuff and Ghiradelli Square/ The Cannery etc so-called shopping hubs were ghost-towns. What happened to them? Instead, stay at the Union Square area, enjoy being the tourist, buy the 3-day MUNI pass and ride the cable cars to death. They are fun, pass through great places with great views and climb the hills you don't wanna climb.The staff are commendable and I'm not just saying that because I'm comparing them to the lackadaisical gloomy staff at the Waikiki Resort Hotel in Oahu I endured a few days earlier. Ask them anything and they really jump to it. I asked for a small refrigerator and by the time I took the lift up to my room, closed my door and put the door card on the dresser, one of the staff was already at my door with the mini-fridge. In all of 2 minutes!The hotel represents Grayline Tours and the concierge will happily help you with bookings. I asked the night concierge, a sweetie called Christian, which side of the tour bus I should sit while on the 17-mile drive/Monterey/Carmel tour. He was unsure and immediately began calling Grayline. When I spoke with him a few hours later, he was hunched over his laptop trying to get an answer. He later left a message with my mum - sit on the right side. He was right. I got all the best views and video shots, something you couldn't do on the drive back because the driver took the inland highways, not the coastal roads. Thank you, Christian. The day concierge, Robert, whilst looking kinda gruff, took pains to make us feel at home by telling us about other hotel guests from where I'm from. I booked the airport shuttle with him and later changed a few details about the timing etc . Earlier on, I also made a few changes to the tour bookings with Grayline which Christian had helped me with. Both Christian and Robert immediately reached for the phone to rectify everything - no hesitation, no-err-ehmm-why-don't-you-stick-with-the-original-plan-it's-so-troublesome-for-me-to-rearrange-everything vibe. The pretend-concierge at the Hawaii hotel actually told me to use the public phone when I asked for help to re-confirm tours. Sheesh!I loved staying at Kensington and miss it already. Nice to have your every whim catered to. A few parting tips - if you're not patronising the Farallon Restaurant at the ground level but love looking at its surreal jellyfish ceiling lights, you can stop at the 4th floor - there are a couple of jellyfish on the ceiling there. I'm sure the security cameras watching me video the lights thought I was insane but the lights are soo unusual. And don't book Grayline's day city tour - it was HUGELY disappointing. I was expecting a tour guide, you know, a human being. We got a headphone-pre-recorded-narration-kind-of-tour with hordes of other tourists on a double-decker bus. I was shell-shocked and felt cheated. (When I was researching tours a few months ago, I found a lot of positive buzz about this San Fran Shuttle tours, how it made a point of letting guests get off at as many points of interest as possible. I thought all city tours did that and didn't think much of it. Plus, they were more expensive than Grayline. Big mistake. We didn't even SEE the Painted Ladies or the Palace of Fine Arts, much less get OFF the bus at these places. We got off at only 3 places - the Mission Dolores (only for 25minutes - which left no-one time to take the $5 guided tour ANYWAY, and lots of passengers didn't even get off), Twin Peaks and some vista point for the Golden Gate Bridge (come on, the driver HAD to stop at the bridge; he would have been attacked otherwise.) Hope the above helps! Cheers!	
Aug 28 2008	Great time and great location!	This boutique hotel was more spacious than your average San Francisco one. It is right at Post and Powell so you are directly off Union Square! The rooms were clean and the staff were both friendly and helpful. The business centre is open 24/7 with free internet access and printers. I would highly recommend this hotel and hope to return myself!	
Aug 26 2008 	Perfect location	Stayed here for a week with my teenage daughter and everything was perfect. Took BART from the airport and the hotel is a few blocks walk from the station, Cable cars stop nearby as do buses. Great shopping abounds and plenty of restaurants.Room was decorated with an eclectic mix of old and new, loved the fur throws on the comfortable beds. Staff extremely friendly and helpful.	
Aug 25 2008 	Fantastic location 	We booked the hotel after reading reviews on trip advisor.What a fantastic hotel. The staff were excellent, a wealth of knowledge and always willing to give advice.The rooms, although a little on the small side for a family of four, were very comfortable (the beds were sooooo soft, with lovely crisp white bedding) and the complimentary coffee, sherry and newspapers were all added extras.We were pleased to find complimentary internet access and games in a room, which pleased the teenagers and coffee and orange were served each morning.Location could not have been easier. Right on Union square and a short walk from all main rail and bus networks.We had a fabulous time in San Fran and would return to the same hotel if we ever came back.Definately worth booking.	
Aug 13 2008 	Final leg of honeymoon - lovely!	We stayed at the Kensington Park Hotel for the last 4 nights of our honeymoon last month. This hotel is in the middle of everything!!! What a fabulous location!! The lobby is grand and vintage-looking, the rooms modern and chic in comparison.Upon arrivial, they tried to upgrade us...for more money... They actually took us on a tour (when my husband was tempted) and the difference was negligable, so we stuck with our room.The staff were friendly and helpful with restaurant recommendations and directions and transit tips.The room was clean and newly decorated and spacious for a boutique hotel.We had a small problem with the valet parking at the end of the stay - but it is a separte operation and they fixed the problem without too much of an ordeal.Overall a really good quality stay and an excellent location!	
Aug 11 2008	refined era/wonderful stay	We have never before written a review, but this trip was worthy of several:Most recently we had the opportunity to visit San Francisco for our first time. The Kensington Park Hotel was a great selection. The staff, from desk clerks,cleaning employees, maintenance, and manager are dedicated individuals who are committed toward representing hotel hospitality with excellence.Our stay, was above and beyond our expectations. We arranged our reservations by speaking with a Personality Hotel rep. (800 #) who was extremely pleasant, helpful, and professional. The rep. asked whether the trip was business or pleasure (It was both.) We merely mentioned a personal celebration in passing. Unbeknownst to us, it was conveyed to the Kensington Park personnel and our reservation was a memory that we will never forget. We had hoped for a window/view, but to our surprise, our accommodations went well beyond our expectations.We would recommed the Kensington Park without hesitation. Dining Favorites: Firenze, (North Beach)great food, atmosphere and attentive staff Cafe Greco: (North Beach) Wonderful lunch Panini, pleasant staff Ferry Building Shop &amp; Dining &amp; Saturday Market Tour: Wine Country Shuttle Tour ($95) memorable experience our favorite: V. Sattuti Vineyard Wine Tasting, lunch and packaging of wine for shipping!	
Jul 13 2008 	Great Find!	We spent two nights in San Francisco to celebrate a birthday and an anniversary before we spent a night at the East Brother Light Station off Point Richmond (that is another great little story).The staff were friendly, professional and extremely helpful.We booked a Royal Court room with luxury linens, flat screen TV and amenities such as robes, slippers, deluxe toiletries, etc., and it was everything I expected. Our room (#75) was on the 11th floor with a Nob Hill View and once the workday was over the city was amazingly quiet at night! We knew there was no airconditioning, but the ceiling fan and the open window kept our room comfortable. Staff even offered to put an additional fan in our room if we so desired, but we declined because it was not at all necessary.We purposely wanted to stay close to the BART station and local buses because we flew in and wanted to get around exclusively on local transportation and our own two feet. This hotel is located just off Union Square and close to everything. We would highly recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Jul 8 2008 	Simply the BEST	I have been going to San Francisco every year for the past 25 years. I ran across Kensington Place on the Internet and thought I would try it. I have stayed in plenty of premium hotels, but I would rate the Kensington Place as good as the best and a lot better pricing and nicer staff. I don't think that you can beat it. I have found my new place to stay from now on.	
Jul 8 2008 	Comfort Quality and Charm - our favorite place in SF	We stayed at the Kensington Park on two different occasions, two weeks apart. We found the rooms generously sized with actual walk in closets. The beds are very comfortable with nice comforters. We appreaciated the two chairs and the wealth of restaurant literature in the room. Our first room was 51, on the 9th floor. It had a great view of Nob Hill, a very nice bathroom with a shower instead of a tub. The complimentary morning coffee service was directly across from our door, incredibly convenient, and not at all noisy. We had a complimentary newspaper in the morning, and a complimentary afternoon tea and sherry in the Lobby. The staff were quite pleasant and very helpful. After a less than satisfactory stay the next weekend at another close by major hotel, we switched back to the smaller, more intimate Kensington Park for our final night in San Francisco. Our room was lower, with no view, but the closet and bath were still large and the room spacious. It was the same level of comfort and security that we had experienced two weeks before. It was relief to return to the Kensington Park.The Lobby is gorgeous, and there is a theatre and function rooms in the KP along with an Elks Lodge. The KP's location is close to buses, cable cars, and subway. Terrific restaurants, that always had a table available, are close by along with jazz and night clubs. Chinatown is a close walk, and you are in shopping central, Union Square is just 1/2 block away. There is a Hertz rental location around the corner.The KP is vintage, so you get a few quirks, but nothing that interferes with your comfort. You don't get that stuffy feeling of the old 5 star hotels that have had the vintage stripped out of them. The KP has been updated to modern sensibilities without losing its original charm. The rooms and baths are superior to that un-named hotel, with the fancy dressed doorman, around the corner. The staff and service at the KP are so much better as well.We would highly recommend the Kensington Park as a lovely place to stay while you're in San Francisco. Be sure to ask for a rear room with a view. When we return to San Francisco, we'll be staying at the Kensington Park, and asking for Room 51 again. I cannot praise Kensington Park enough - its a well run, well designed place that will make you feel at home.	
Jul 1 2008 	Very nice stay	The location is great, the front desk staff were more than helpful, and the room was comfortable. Some reviews had suggested that the room was too small but it I didn't think it was uncomfortably small. There was no counter space in the bathroom but that really wasn't a problem either. The water pressure in the shower was amazing. The beds were very comfortable. One concern that I did have prior to our stay was the fact that this hotel is not air conditioned. The only way I discovered that they did not have A/C was through an AAA travel guide I got a week before our trip. Being from the south I was very worried about this. Initially I did find it slightly stuffy but the ceiling fans in the room and opening up the windows helped. Even though the outside temperature was in the 80s throughout our stay, the lack of A/C didn't really seem to be a problem. It was a bit noisy with the windows open though. All in all, I would suggest this hotel because of the good prices, comfortable rooms, great staff, and location.	
Jun 27 2008 	Romantic Hotel	This hotel was nothing special, but it was romantic. The ceiling fan had a low profile light which gave a nice glow over the bed. The bathroom had the same feature allowing for a relaxing bath. There was more noise then I would have hoped for, but it wasn't unbearable. The location was great, only a block away from the cable cars.	
Jun 12 2008 	Good value in a great location	My partner and I stayed here with 2 friends for 4 nights. The rooms were well appointed and the bed was very comfortable. We arrived early on Saturday evening having had a long drive over from Yosemite. The welcome we received was great and they even brought a complimentary bottle of great red wine to each of our rooms. The Hotel is old , so there are a few creaks and groans from the plumbing but nothing major. Our room had a coffee making machine which made great coffee and there was also free coffee upstairs if you wanted it. The bathroom was well appointed and everything worked fine.The location is really convenient for getting around on the public transport and we felt safe most of the time although some of the streets around Union Square are plagued by beggars and vagrants. We just ignored them and they didn't cause us any problems.We were never around for the afternoon tea/sherry mixer - maybe next time! All-in-all, the KPH is great value for a hotel in this part of town and I would certainly recommend it.	
Jun 11 2008 	Absolutely amazing	My wife and I got married in Michigan on May 30th and wanted to go to San Francisco on our honeymoon, so I planned a week long trip to the city. The first hotel we stayed at (saturday-tuesday) was the Kensington Park, and it was by far the most impressive hotel with the best experience. The front desk help was extremely helpful, going so far as to print out menus to 5 different romantic restaurants for us when we requested a suggestion for dinner, calling one of the restaurants and making a reservation for us (making sure to tell them that we were on our honeymoon and to give us a really good table), and then walked outside and hailed a cab for us. When we got back that evening there was a bottle of red wine with two wine glasses in our room with a note congratulating us on our marriage.There are love seats in the elevators. Enough said.We were on the 12 (top) floor in room 96, a queen room with a view. We could hear traffic, but we didn't mind it at all. It reminded us we were in a bustling living city, but it wasn't nearly so loud as to wake us or have us raise our voices to talk over it.Overall, this was an amazing start to our honeymoon and i was bummed that we stayed somewhere else the last half of our trip. I would DEFINITELY stay here again. Great honeymoon hotel, especially room 96!	
May 24 2008 	Needs a bit of tweaking	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights, so I think I have a pretty good idea of whether it's a good hotel or not. I will break it down into pros and cons, since there are quite a few of each:Pros: great location for catching buses, streetcars and cable cars; great location for late night dining; the beds were super comfortable; they had the room ready for us when we checked in at 9 a.m.Cons: the woman on the phone told me there was no way that they would have the room ready that early and was quite rude. Housekeeping would call us to ask if we wanted our room cleaned, even if we had a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door - what if we were taking a nap? It was because housekeeping leaves at 4 everyday so you can't get anything after that time. There was a pink stain on my comforter when we got there. We used the same sheets for 4 nights, then I left the &quot;please wash these sheets&quot; sign on the bed so they would change the sheets (clean them). The pink stain was still there when we got home and our sheets had been &quot;cleaned&quot;, which means they don't change the sheets when you are there or in between guests. This, to me, was a very, very big CON. Gross! The room was really noisy because the hotel is old, so you could hear other guests taking showers, etc. They claim they will have tea and coffee in the morning, but they never had hot water for tea. There is no minibar so you can never take food back to your hotel to put in a fridge. Our toilet didn't flush right (it kept flushing for about 20 minutes). All in all, if this hotel was $70 a night, I would be raving, but for over $200, it's absolutely insane. We even had a &quot;Royal Court&quot; room, which is more expensive, because they give you one-dollar slippers and a busted up coffee machine. I heard the Donatello was really nice and it's just down the street....	
May 17 2008 	NIce hotel in greal location.	Booked the hotel on the basis of the TripAdvisor reviews. As I had left the booking until the last minute, I was lucky to get the room. On check-in there were some guests who decided that they didn't want to stay in the hotel any longer because a friend had told them that the are was too dangerous. The hotel is right off Union Sq which I thought was a great location: central and near the public transport system and certainly not dangerous (although it's a busy part of town).Hotel room was fine. Free wi-fi, no mini-bar, no restaurant so no breakfast either. Free coffee every morning and there were some evening mixers (but I wasn't able to attend). Nice big TV in my room too. Terrible views from my window though. It was a completely serviceable hotel and I have no real complaints except not having any food facilities there. I was in San Francisco for business and it seemed more of a tourist hotel. On holiday, the lack of restaurant facilities etc isn't a problem but when you're travelling for work, busy and jet-lagged, sometimes you need convenience.Anyway, overall, favourable hotel. Clean and relatively cheap. The staff were incredibly helpful and polite too. For a vacation the location was hard to beat.	
May 16 2008 	Great location though the area may be too busy for some.	My girlfriend and I decided to go to San Francisco, and after some investigation into the matter, we settled upon the Kensington Park. We tend to stay at hotels that are fairly priced for their location, such as Bill's in Vegas. I'm not a fan of super splurging on hotels, but then again, I'm not going to save a few bucks if it puts us in a rather unpleasant area. After our stay, I have to say it is 99.9% positive with only a few minor issues.Located just off the main intersection of Powell and Post, Kensington Park is in a great location. If you're a fan of The Cheesecake Factory, as my girlfriend is, you will absolutely adore this area of town, as the restaurant is on top of a Macy's building no more than 5 minutes walk away. There are many other restaurants within that area, and there is little doubt that if you do not find anything within the immediate area, you can find something just a few blocks away. The hotel is also a few minutes walk from many posh boutiques, Chinatown, the Financial District, as well as the famous Cable Cars. Public transit is also very accessible from this location, with Geary and Market St within walking distance as well, and was a very good base of operations for the time we spent in San Francisco, as we were mainly focusing on the Northern areas of the city (Bay/Golden Gate Bridge, Golden Gate Park, Ocean Beach, Chinatown, Japantown, Legion of Honor, Fisherman's Wharf, and Alcatraz).Getting to the hotel was a breeze. We simply (well, simply after finding the station) hopped on the BART, got off at Powell, and headed North to Post St. Due to the popularity of the area however, actually navigating Powell and making it up the hill with luggage in tow can be a bit of a challenge. I can't even begin to imagine the difficulties one would encounter should they have children along with them as well. It should also be noted that there are several homeless people along this route. However, they do not do anything that would cause a nuisance or disturb the peace.Once we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted by a very luxurious, old school classy, dark coloured lobby, completed with a piano, and several comfortable couches. Once check in was completed, we went to our room which was furnished with your typical hotel items, minus a fridge and cooking implements. Most important of all, the room was clean, which is something that is of importance to most people. In terms of the bed, it's difficult to quantify the level of comfort, as this is a person to person thing. I will say that the bed is a bit on the soft side, which may or may not be to your liking.Naturally, being in such a great city, we didn't spend much time in the hotel room, other than to sleep at night. Each time we came back, the rooms were tidied professionally, with any minor messes we made taken care of. The front desk staff were equally friendly and approachable, and were accommodating to the strange requests that I made of them. One final item of note is that light sleepers may want a room away from Post St, or perhaps consider a hotel not in this area at all. As luck would have it, Post is a one-way street, and just up the street is a San Francisco Fire Department depot, and because of our room, we could hear/see the trucks whiz by every single night. Despite being 7 floors up, there is still quite a lot of noise. Similarly, I'm guessing there is a Police Department or something in the area, as we heard those noises every night as well.All this boils down to the bottom line: would I stay here again?If the rating didn't quite spell it out for you, the answer is yes, assuming I'm doing stuff in this part of town, and I don't want to rent a car. Given the prices of all the other hotels in this area, Kensington Park offers one of the best combinations of location and price around.	
Apr 21 2008	Fantastic hotel for a great price	I did a lot of research prior to booking this hotel and read all of the reviews here. I narrowed it down to this hotel and am sure glad that I did! We had a wonderful time at this hotel. The staff were super friendly and helpful. Our room was a fair size and had an updated look. The bed was very comfortable and we liked the fact they had a flat screen tv installed. The bathroom was a bit small but for the price we paid, we didn't mind. The room was very clean. Kensington Park hotel was located perfectly in Union Square close to everything. We walked to all the shops and went to San Francisco's best nightclub, Ruby Sky, which was right around the corner--very convenient as we could just walk back to the hotel and not have to pay for a cab. The Powell Street cable car stop is right near the hotel also. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone as it made our first trip to San Francisco a very positive one!	
Apr 14 2008 	Great Location	We stayed at the Kensington Park Hotel for 5 nights in early April. We booked it through Priceline so we weren't quite sure what I was getting before hand. The hotel was in a great location - right in the middle of Union Square. It was convenient to everything we wanted to do in San Francisco. It is an old hotel that has been remodeled in recent years. The lobby is still very old fashioned. There is a theater on the second floor what had a comedy show while we were there. The Elks also has a lodge and gym in the building. All of this was a little strange but not bad in any way - just very different. The room was clean &amp; comfortable with a queen size bed and flat screen TV. It wasn't a huge room but didn't feel too small either. There was a lot of street noise. The staff was nice enough. They serve sherry and tea in the lobby every afternoon.All in all, we had a nice stay. Because we booked through Priceline we got a very good rate ($160/night). I would recommend for the location and the price.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great location	The Kensington Park far exceeded my expectations for a 2 1/2 or 3 star hotel. The staff was helpful, the room was clean, the linens were upscale, and the bed was comfortable enough, though a tad firm.The location was excellent - directly across the street from the Marriott and a short walk to Union Sq, shopping, restaurants, and theaters. A Walgreen's is just around the corner. Its location is also very convenient to access tourist sites via public transportation. A $15 (one-way) shuttle ride pp gets you to or from the airport, i.e., no need for a rental car.The location felt very safe because so many people, business, shoppers, and tourists, were out on the streets, even at night. Public transportation felt safe, too, because everyone uses it.We did see some street people, but they didn't try to intimidate or hassle us. We didn't feel threatened at all.Two mid-age sisters shared a double room for three days. It was adequate in size, considering we used it primarily for sleeping. The closet was large and there were plenty of other places to store our things. The bath was large for one, and two could share it without much problem. The main room had two other mirrors as alternatives for doing hair and makeup. A few nice, unexpected features were a refrig, a magnifying makeup mirror, flat screen tv on the wall, and a lamp with a plug in its base. We were told there is a/c; if there is, couldn't find it. However, we didn't need it in early April. We opened the window to cool the room in the early evenings; closed it for sleeping and ran the ceiling fan. Would definitely recommend to others.	
Mar 24 2008	Great Birthday Celebration	My husband and I share the same birthday. Same day, same year, but I am six hours older ( he likes older women). We'd stayed at the Kensington Park Hotel before - the Post Street Theatre has an entrance from the hotel and we went to see &quot;The Putnam County Spelling Bee&quot; and other plays and stayed overnight. We knew we would have a wonderful stay that's why we picked it. But we told the staff it was our birthday and they added some nice little birthday perks. The hotel has been updated and the beds and bedding are high thread count and great for sleep comfort. The hotel is also very quiet, something we like. We especially enjoyed the tea and sherry time in the lobby after a tough afternoon of shopping on Union Square. It was just a few doors down to enjoy our birthday dinner at Morton's Steak House and then an after-dinner glass of Port and mellow jazz around the corner at Harry Denton's Starlight Room. We walked to it all. Wow! What a memorable birthday.[--]	
Mar 24 2008 	Great hotel at Kensington Park	We just got back from a trip to San Francisco, CA. where we went with our &quot;kids&quot;, who are 24 and married, and 2 - 21 yr. olds, who were on spring break. We had just been to San Jose for a wedding, where we stayed in a Marriott, so Kensington was quite a bit different, but we loved it. The staff were extra nice, &amp; the beds were unbelievably comfortable and it was super quiet, except for the sounds of the city outside. We never were there for the complimentary cocktails in the afternoons in the lobby, but my husband &amp; I went for a drink one night at Farallons, and was that ever spectacular, from the decor to what they served, which was a seafood bar, &amp; jellyfish lighting. We would highly recommend this hotel, and already have, to a friend!	
Mar 5 2008 	This is my new San Francisco base	This hotel's location can't be beat, one block away from Union Square, with an extremely reasonable price for such a big city. I stayed in a recently remodelled room. It was clean, elegant and serene. Imagine! A faux fur throw on the lovely white bed! I want to buy the pillows. Best night's sleep I've had in years. My only complaint was that the room was a bit dim. Needs better light for reading. Polite and friendly staff, the concierge was great, and the hotel called me after my stay to see if there was anything they could do to have improved my stay with them.	
Feb 22 2008 	Perfect Stay	We stayed here for the long President's Day weekend and couldn't have been more pleased. Newly renovated room on 6th floor was surprisingly quiet. Great price w/AAA discount. Centrally located @ Union Square. Friendly front desk &amp; concierge. Small bathroom w/no fancy amenities--but very clean &amp; expected in older boutique hotel. Comfortable beds &amp; pillows. Flat screen TV. Didn't feel cramped even in room with 2 double beds. Will definitely return.	
Feb 15 2008 	Good location	Nice and close to all shopping at Union Square..... that was the big plus. Everything else was average.	
Feb 7 2008 	Just okay	I booked this hotel based on other Tripadvisor reviews, and stayed there for three nights in February. The location is great, the price is reasonable, and the staff are friendly. I like the idea of a boutique hotel. But there are problems. I was told I was being upgraded to a recently renovated room with a king size bed on the 11th floor. The bed was not king-size, and not particularly comfortable. Furniture was not new. It is important for me to stay in a smoke-free hotel. Although that is certainly the hotel policy, they seem incapable of enforcing it in the corridors, and the smoke comes through the door. So does sound from other guests returning to their rooms at 2am. And you can hear every time a door on the floor is closed. The heating system was a noisy radiator that banged a lot when it was turned on; the last night it did not work. So next time I visit San Francisco, I will try somewhere else.	
Feb 2 2008 	tired and worn	We stayed at the Kensington Park Hotel 19/01/08 for 4 nights. Although the hotel is in a reasonable area ie The Financial District we found the hotel to be very tired and worn even though we were given what they described as a refurbished room. The carpet in our room which was situated on the 12th floor was dirty and the heating system looked and worked like something from the ark and did not warm the room in the slightest. The windows were extremely draughty and housekeeping were very noisy early in the morning talking loudly outside our room even though we were displaying a do not disturb sign on our door. We paid $130 per night however we would not use this hotel again. A tour of Alcatraz was the highlight of our stay and is a must if you visit San Fransisco. Book direct with Alcatraz Tours at pier 33 near Fishermans Wharf you will save a lot rather than booking it with a tour company.	
Jan 30 2008 	Great value for money hotel in San Francisco	We stayed here for 3 nights and really enjoyed it. The rooms are an acceptable size but have comfortable beds, plasma screen TVs and a bath tub. We would definitely stay again but would perhaps request a room away from the front of the hotel as it can get a bit noisy. One thing to bear in mind is that it isn't air conditioned (our room wasn't anyway) but they do have ceiling fans. The reception staff were incredibly friendly and helpful.	
Jan 21 2008	Love Love Love The Kensington Park	My husband and I stayed at the Kensington for our Aniversary. From the Antiques to the linens, it was more than comfortable. We had a great time. Everything is close by. We went to a well known Comdeian Show and then had dinner outside under the heaters in North Beach. I'm not sure which was better, the comedian or the people watching in the streets of San Francisco.Entertainment everywhere!	
Dec 2 2007 	lovely room	I recently stayed at the Kensington Hotel with my granddaughter and found it to be a lovely experience. We recieved an upgrade to the 7th floor and were extremely pleasantly surprised. Our reservation was last minute and I was not expecting much to be honest. The room was spacious and clean, the linens were new, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was recently upgraded with a large walk in shower. We had a nice view of the surrounding downtown area and the central location was unsurpassed for convenience. Overall there was an atmosphere of quiet understated elegance at an extremely affordable price.The support staff( houseman and cleaning) were extremely friendly and accomodating. I felt that the front desk staff and concierge were a bit cold and formal but given the ambieance perhaps it was the atmosphere the hotel is interested in portraying.	
Nov 18 2007 	Great Location Good Value	Kensington Park is ideally situated on Post Street, a half block from Powell Street and a cable car line. The hotel rooms occupy the upper floors of the building, with a theater and an Elks Lodge below. My room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and I had a lovely view of Nob Hill. The bathroom isn't large (not much countertop space), but it was immaculate, and the walk-in shower (no tub) was great.If you're looking at the hotel's website, just know that the rooms are not as large as they appear. That said, my room was more than adequate. The wall-mounted flat screen TV was a nice touch. The bed linens and pillows were excellent.The lobby is small and a bit tired looking, but since I wasn't hanging out there, who cares? The pricing was extremely reasonable for San Francisco's Union Square area, and booking through the hotel's website, I got 15% off for staying 3 nights (or more).The &quot;business center&quot; is nothing more than a fifth floor room with one desktop computer and a high-speed connection, and you have to visit the front desk to receive a key, so it's not especially convenient. One of the two times I wanted to use it, it was occupied. As all I wanted to do was go online to check in for my departing flight, the front desk staff graciously allowed me to do so at one of their computers. For those who travel with a computer, the hotel also provides wireless.The biggest strength of this hotel is the staff -- they were great. Very gracious, friendly, and accommodating, and extremely knowledgeable about the city.I rode BART from the San Francisco airport. For $5.15, the thirty minute ride to the Powell Street station puts you within a short walk of the hotel (or anything else in the Union Square neighborhood, for that matter). The Kensington Park isn't a Fairmont or Four Seasons, but it isn't priced like they are, either. For a clean, friendly, and safe accommodation in this neighborhood, it's a bargain, and I would stay there again.	
Nov 12 2007 	Never a Hyatt again	Four of us (2 rooms) just returned from a 5 night stay at the Kensington. We thought that the rooms were large enough - certainly compared with city rooms elsewhere. The building is old but we found it to be very charming. The big PLUS was the staff - from Romy, who checked us in, Bob the concierge and Rosa who serviced our room -- everyone was delightful. Coffee was available at 7 each morning right on our floor (as well as in-room coffee makers) and Tea and Sherry was served every afternoon in the lobby. It was great coming in after a tiring day and being able to sit and chat with other guests and compare notes. And, the location is great! The &quot;Big Boxes&quot; might have more amenities, but I have never had better service than at the Kensington.	
Nov 7 2007	Union Square Jewel	We loved this hotel's ammenities, location and price. Stayed 3 nights, never needed to drive the car. They park it, offer lots of information without impatience. Steps away from Union Square, trolley rides, great restaurants, shopping. Best location for first time visitors. Got a great price (under $100/night) by booking with Venere.com, and they lived up to all the information listed and more. Just around the corner from a good Borders books, Macy's and a short stroll to historic Fisherman's wharf. LOVED the whole experience. Concierge and a fellow guest helped navigate our route toward Sacramento so we could cross the Golden Gate Bridge as we departed. Will come again and stay here again. Fabulous! One caveat, if you visit in July, bring jackets, trench coat. It's windy and quite cool this time of year. When it's in the 90's inland, it'll be in the 60's in SF during the day and cooler at night.	
Oct 28 2007 	Perfect!	We were in town for the Nike Woman's Half Marathon and choose the hotel because of the fantastic location for our event. I have yet to find a perfect property so here are the pros and cons through my eyes. Pros: In heart of Union Square, near theatres...location can't be beatAttentive staff Flat screen TV Very comfortable bed with fantastic sheetsFairly quiet room (but not soundproof Excellent water pressure in the shower Small fridge Complimentary tea, sherry and coffee. Cons: High price for offsite valet parking...takes quite a while for your car to be returned, self park in the same lot for half the cost. Very small rooms lighting not great bathroom vanity very low...and I'm only 5'5&quot;If you are looking for a sleek modern property look elsewhere. If your top priority is a clean, comfortable room with a fantastic location then Kensington Park is it! I literally checked out of my hotel at 6:50 a.m. and was right where I needed to be for the start of NWM '07! I will definitely be back next year.	
Sep 23 2007	Outstanding	Your hotel by far is the most comfortable place I have ever stayed at. The bed was very comfortable----Ive never slept better. It caused me to get a new bed because of it and the view I had was unmatched by any other-----watching the fog roll in by my window was an awesome sight. It was my first time being to San Francisco; I fell in love with the city as well as the hotel and well-------just about everything else. Thank you for the great service and hospitality. My next visit to San Francisco will involve a stay at your hotel. As a matter of fact, it will become a ritual..to stay at your hotel every time Im in San Francisco. Thanks againSincerely Frank De Paz	
Sep 20 2007 	Great location at great price	We stayed here for 4 nights in September as a family of 2 adults and 2 teenagers, taking 2 rooms. At the Expedia price it was excellent value and is very conveniently located, being just off Union Square. The rooms were a good size with extremely comfortable beds - we had the best nights sleep here!The front desk staff and the cleaning staff are wonderful, providing everything you could wish for.Our only comments for improvement would be that it would be nice to have a fridge in the rooms and the 'free continental breakfast on each floor' which was advertised on Expedia is wrong - only tea and coffee are provided, whiich is not much help in the morning with hungry teenagers! However, just a couple of minutes walk away is Lori's - a 50's style diner which has excellent food all day at great prices and a juke box on each table - well worth a visit! The hotel does though offer a complimentary sherry in the lobby in the evenings which is very civilised and much appreciated. We would certainly stay here again.	
Aug 28 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	If, like me, you like to holiday away from the tourists and somwhere with some local buzz this hotel is a great place to stay in San Francisco. An old style building with lots of charecter right in the heart of the city and 50 yards from Union Square and the cable car to Fisherman's Wharf. The Golden Nugget Saloon is round the corner and worth a visit with some old world charm, well at least as old as you get in an earthquake zone!Chinatown is a short walk away as are the many shops in the area and restaurants to suit all. There's a small Thai place on the left as you walk to the cable car terminus which was excellant value.A short stroll to the Cable car will take you to Fisherman's Wharf for the tourity bit and a short taxi ride will take you to the Alcatraz boat trip. (Take the official National Park Service trip as it's the only one which lands on the island and allows you to visit the prison)The staff were all friendly and helpful, the rooms clean and well kept and combined with a great rate this place would be my choice if I go to SF again. One tip is if you have a motorcycle use the public car park in Union Square which at a rate of $6 per day beats the valet car parks. The main area of motorcycle parking is visible to the car park office which is manned 24/7 which provides an element of security.	
Aug 24 2007 	Excellent little gem	Stayed for 4 nights and loved it all. Great, clean, newly reno-ed property in an excellent location. The staff are amazing, from the bellhops, chambermaids, front-desk staff, all helpful and professional. The most pleasant surprise was the size of the room, very large for SF and quiet. no loud banging doors or hallway noise.Great value for the $$$ - wish this place would stay under the radar and keep up its excellent standards.Bravo!	
Aug 2 2007	Consistently good	Agree with most of the reviews here. The picture of the bathroom a few reviews is very typical.GOODlarge roomslocation location location (3 minute walk to everything)large flat screen TV'sconsistenlty clean an d in good shapefriendly staffJUST OKoldersmall bathroomsI stay here a lot. I feel though I'm paying too much if I pay over $150 - the prescott across the street is in much better shape for sometimes only $20 more a night.	
Jul 11 2007	great small hotel in SF	We have just returned from a 4 day stay at the Kensington Park hotel in San Francisco. Located right in Union Square. Great place, Extremely friendly and helpful(though possibly overworked) staff. Comfortable charming rooms. this is an older hotel, but extremely well kept. After going out 3 mornings for coffee, one of the housekeepers told us that there was free coffee and juice etc on the 11th floor. That would have been helpful to know on the first morning instead of the last. Every day at 4 they serve tea and sherry in the lobby! fun european style place. Will stay there again in an instant.	
May 18 2007 	Overall Great Place!	Nice hotel. Bed and covers were plush. Decent bathroom/shower size. Front desk was very helpful with all of our questions. Great location since it's half a block from Powell Street Cable Car line. Good if you have a muni pass. Never got the chance to try the tea and sherry but the morning coffee was horrendous. More bitter than a regular Starbucks brew on bold! Other than that, a great hotel at a great price!	
May 11 2007 	Location Location Location	We arrived at the Kensington Park very early in the morning, around 9am. We thought we could leave our luggage with the concierge, and explore San Francisco. Much to our delight, our room was ready! This made life so much easier. The concierge on duty, Robert (or Bob to his mates), was a great help. Bob ensured that we had a shuttle bus booked for the trip out to the airport for when we left, gave us maps of San Francisco, told us the best places to eat, buy clothes, and in general get the most out of our stay. The room was small, but that was not a problem. The room was clean, and the cleaning staff were very friendly, making a point of saying hello each and every time they saw anyone around. A nice touch. Only 1/2 a block from the cable cars, very handy when coming back from Fisherman's Wharf. The Kensington Park is certainly worth the stay, yes it's an old hotel, but I think that just adds to the charm of the stay.	
Apr 30 2007 	They try hard	This is not a new hotel. It actually is an old Elks Lodge. We had some problems with the reservation and were given a renovated room on the 10th floor- the &quot;royal court&quot;. It was newly renovated, but very small. The bathroom was not big enough for two people-not enough shelf space. The lobby is dark and the furniture old, dark, but comfortable. We did have some problems (the maid missed our room one day, the TV was out, cold air continually flowed from the vent in the bathroom). We reported each problem and the VERY attentive staff saw to it within the hour. I will give them points for that. the household staff goes out of their way to say &quot;hello&quot;. There are literally dozens of hotels in the Union Square area. This one has a great location, but I think next time in San Francisco, we might try another hotel.	
Apr 20 2007 	Excellent hotel in great location	Lovely boutique hotel in a great location. Right at Union Square. Half block from cable car and great restaurants. Service was excellent, they took great care making our restaurant reservations, shuttle arrangements and general area info. Give me a boutique hotel like the Kensington Park anyday, when you stay here you are not just another number	
Apr 13 2007 	Great hotel and location for Union Square	Our stay was great, we had 6 people in total and 3 rooms. Everyone's room had a little something different. Enjoyed the location as we were close to Union Square and all the shopping and just a cable car away from the wharf. All the staff was very friendly and helpful. Would definately stay there again if I was returning to SF.	
Apr 10 2007 	Thanks Tripadvisor!	We visited in March when the weather was perfect. We booked a month early and used the AAA rate. Very very economical, and we used the tripadvisor reviews to make our choice. We arrived and checked our luggage in as the rooms were not quite ready. Receptions staff was great. The lobby hearkens to early 20th century Bavarian hotels. Very nice. Daily tea available for guests in the afternoons.Room was great. No AC, but in the bay, you'll only need it in the summer. The room looked similar to the pictures on their website and spacious because the flat screen tv was wall mounted and no furniture other than the desk and an extra chair were present. Beds were a bit old but still comfortable. The bathroom was very cleanThere is good complimentary coffee and tea in the mornings, but you just have to be willing to go to the 9th floor to get it.All in all, you can't go wrong with the Kensington park. Location is amazing. It's a 5 minute walk from the Powell Bart station and is next to the Powell cable car line, and the closest stop is literally fifty paces up powell. It is really in Union Square and close to the major shopping. It is only a 10 minute walk to China town. The #30 bus that goes to the Wharf/Ghiradelli square area as well as the Palace of fine arts is on stockton which is the next street after powell, and the closest bus stop is only a few hundred yards down union and up stockton.There is a Walgreens on the same block as the hotel, right around the corner if you need basic goods and snacks. You might spring for a disposable cooler and some ice (the ice machines are only on floors 9 and 12). There is also a Borders a few steps away in case you need some Seattle's best coffee or a guidebook. Caveats:-no bathroom in the lobby-no AC-ice not convenient, and no ice bucket linersDespite that, I definitely recommend the hotel.	
Apr 8 2007	Feels Like a Queen	My first stay at Kensington Park was last May 2006 with my husband and a friend. It is my children's summer break in the Philippines and my husband and I decided to bring them for vacation in Califronia. San Francisco was our last stop and was looking forward to the same courteous service of the hotel staff. To my surprise, we were in for a bigger treat. They improved the interiors of the rooms- from the tv to the sheets, the decors etc! My five year old-daughter said that it makes her feel like a princess- and me? I felt like a queen. See for yourself and be a royalty for a day or two!	
Apr 7 2007 	Good value for location	I stayed here on a business trip and was happy to find a centrally-located hotel in San Francisco at a reasonable rate. The location can't be beat- walk to numerous restaurants, shops, and public transit to anywhere in town. My room was an adequate size, the bathroom was lovely, and everything was clean. The staff was all friendly and helpful. On the downside, the cable TV was extremely basic and the window drapes completely blocked the heater when closed, so I was chilly at night. Also, the internet access is complicated- you have to get a key from the front desk for a 5th-floor business center. Overall, this is a great hotel if you're looking for a reasonably-priced base from which to explore the city. If you're looking to cocoon in your room, you'l probably want a better room.	
Mar 19 2007 	Wonder Time Here	Just return from a weekend to the San Francisco area. Stayed in downtown S.F for the first time ever. Chose Kensington Park Hotel after seeing a promotional ad on TV. Loved our stay there. Friendly helpful staff, free coffee/tea and juice in the mornings, free sherry and teas in late afternoon and early evening. Very comfortable feather bed mattress pads, fibron down pillows, the place is very clean and just put in flat screen TV's. Was very quiet inside the hotel halls etc. but lots of street noise etc. from outside most of the night, we were on the Post street side, 10th floor. Think you'd have that noise anywhere in a big city so bring ear plugs if you're not a sound sleeper. Less then a block from cable car route, Union Square, Borders, Disney store and more. Many great places to eat close by. Had a good breakfast at the Pinecrest Restrautant at 401 Geary (walking distance). Wonderfull dinner at the Millennium Restrauant (vegan) at 580 Geary (also walking distance), it is expensive $145.00 for the two of us, we each had a glass of wine. Everything you'd need is in walking distance of this hotel. We'd stay here again.	
Feb 25 2007 	4 Star Treatment at the Kensington	We received outstanding service both prior to and during our stay at the Kensington February17-19, 2007. The friendliness and warmth of the staff is half the reason why we chose the Kensington; the rest, of course, was the beauty and charm of the Royal Court Suite and the Sherwood Room.The Suite was enormous, lush, richly appointed, and extremely clean. It comfortably fit all 18 of our guests after dinner, and we loved that it had a huge sitting room, dining table, and 2 large bathrooms, both with shower/bath combos. We appreciated that the bedroom area had its own entrances/exits-- from the main entrance, you can enter either the bedroom or the sitting room area, and you can close off the bedroom from the sitting room as well. We also liked the kitchenette, although the mini-fridge wasn't that useful for keeping food/beverage items cold enough. The room was mainly quiet, except in the early mornings, when the garbage trucks (12 floors below us, but we still heard them quite clearly!) emptied dumpsters from nearby restaurants.The Sherwood Room is an intimate meeting space on the Mezzanine that we used for our wedding ceremony. It was perfect! The sales manager, who said we were the first to use the room for a wedding since she'd been around, gave us helpful suggestions and support preparing for decorations, room set-up, ceremony timing, etc. The whole event went off without a hitch. We couldn't have asked for a better site for our small wedding ceremony, and our friends were all very impressed by the gorgeous room and the helpful staff. As I said, the front desk staff were amazing-- always friendly, helpful, going out of their way to assist us with our guests and our wedding ceremony. The hotel was in close walking distance of a huge variety of restaurants, bars, shopping, theaters, and other entertainment (Ruby Skye!), as well as other hotels. The only problem was that we couldn't stay longer than we did!!	
Feb 15 2007 	Nice Hotel In A Perfect Location	Four of us, in 2 rooms, just returned from our stay at the Kensington Park Hotel. Our rooms were very nice, clean, and comfy. The front desk staff was always helpful and accommodating. It's true that it is a little louder if you face Post St. Maybe ask for a room in the back, or one with a ceiling fan as it can get stuffy if the windows are closed. Bob, the concierge was very helpful. There are quite a few nice bars and restaurants in walking distance. Check out Lefty O'Doule's on Geary St. (on the other side of the St. Francis Hotel),a nice Irish piano bar/pub that is very casual and super fun as you can gather around the piano and sing a long. The Cosmopolitan restaurant has great food and some of the best Cosmo's, but better than that, see Sam at the bar for a Huckleberry martini...outstanding. For breakfast the Mason St. restaurant on Mason south of Post St. a block or so, or any one of the Lori's diners. Don't waste your time waiting in line for Dottie's True Blue cafe...not worth it.Your best bet for a tour is with Joe at [---]. He was WONDERFUL We took a 6 hr. wine tour. On Joe's recommendation we stopped at Robledo's winery and it made our whole day--good wine, excellent experience. His price is competative, but his service, personality, and knowledge was exceptional. We thouroughly enjoyed our time in San Francisco.---The Hojnacki's	
Feb 14 2007	Great hotel in an awesome location!	This little hotel is in a great location, less than 1 block from Union Square. Easy access to the cable car stops and next door to shopping. The hotel itself is very charming inside. Our room was available 3 hours before normal check-in time of 2:00pm. That was nice. Everyone was very courteous and helpful. Our room was on the 11th floor. They still use real keys! The room was clean and perfect for a couple. Bathroom was clean and the towels were thick.Checkout was easy. 12:00pm was the standard checkout. We had parked our car with the valet overnight (the best rate in town, only $39 with in/out priviliges). We checked out of our room, but we could keep the car parked until 5:00pm. We stored our bags and spent the rest of the day out and about.I am looking forward to my next visit to the city. I will definately stay at this hotel again. Very affordable! I would recommend it to everyone.	
Feb 9 2007 	Great Botique Hotel	Got a great deal. Right across the street from the St Francis on Union Square. Good room with king size bed. Hotel has a lot of charm.. Friendly staff.	
Jan 10 2007 	Great Time in the City	Last week my family and I stayed at the Kensington Park Hotel in San Francisco. This was our first time at the hotel, although we visit the city often. We had a wonderful time and the service was incredible. We were given fantastic directions and some wonderfulsuggestions for places to go. I have already recommended the hotel to 2 friends as well as my mother in law (and you know how picky they can be.) I am sure we will be back soon! Thanks for the wonderful stay,The Hansens	
Jan 2 2007 	Great Stay with small children	My wife and I booked a room for four (children ages 18 months and 7 years) through the Travelzoo webite. We were given an upgrade to the Royal Court room as the front desk person saw that we were a family of four and needed more than the standard room. Front desk staff was very helpful and welcoming the many times we arrived and departed during our 3-night stay. We had no problems with our stroller in the hotel and we felt no stigma having the only guests that were under 16 years of age? I will stay here the next time my wife and I make our trip without the kids.	
Nov 27 2006 	A perfect end to our roadtrip	We stayed at the KPH for two nights. The reception area was clean and we loved the style of the hotel. We were allocated a suite on the 11th floor and it was perfect. The bed was huge and so incredibly comfortable. The shower pressure was, bizarre as it may seem, something I really appreciated. The coffee/fruit juice station on each floor is a lovely treat as is the sherry we received in the afternoon as an amenity. The hotel has charm, warmth and is a comfortable place to stay. I would however bear in mind that there are aspects to the hotel that could be updated/refurbished, the lifts in particular but nothing to deter you from staying there. The staff were efficient, and the concierge was so very helpful. We were unfortunate enough to experience one of the reception staff who felt that we were/probably should not be staying at this hotel (I think the comfortable travel clothing - jeans and t-shirt - might have had something to do with the disdain) but again, nothing that tarnished our stay enough to make it unpleasant. We checked out the hotel for one night and returned for another three night stay, and they were kind enough to allocate the same room, which made it seem a bit like home. I would recommend the hotel if you are considering it ... and the location is central to everything you would be wanting to see while in San Francisco.	
Oct 27 2006 	A Great Value with Top Notch Service	I spent 3 glorious days in San Francisco for the opening of Westfield Center and was very impressed by the excellent service, convenient location and great value from the Kensington Park Hotel. Our room was spacious and overlooked Union Square. I'm picky about substantial but comfy pillows, and these were just like home. I work in and teach marketing and I think the friendliness of the staff really contributed to our enjoyment. They were on top of everything and really went beyond the call of duty. We had coffee and juice every morning on our floor, so it was easy to get moving. The price of the room was very competitive for SF.	
Oct 18 2006 	Great boutique hotel	We enjoyed our 4 nights at the Kensington Park Hotel. The staff could not do enough to make our stay comfortable and pleasant. The location is excellent and the room charming. The sherry and tea offered to guests in the foyer every afternoon is a nice touch.We will definitely be returning	
Aug 15 2006	A Great Place to Stay!	Just returned from a week's stay in the Bay Area, including three nights at the Kensington Park Hotel.This relatively small hotel (70-80 rooms, I believe) was everything that my girlfriend and I hoped for. It is in a very convenient location (1/2 block from Union Square), and our room was clean, comfortable and well-appointed.We arrived on a Saturday morning, having taken BART from the San Francisco Airport to the Powell Street station. This was about a 4-5 block walk from the hotel, but as we had not packed too heavily, this was no problem. We got to the hotel around 11 a.m., expecting to simply check our bags for a few hours until our room would be ready. Imagine our pleasure when the desk clerk informed me our room was already cleaned and available.Our room was on the 10th floor of this 12-story hotel, which only has guest rooms on floors 6-12. I had read that rooms on the front of the hotel (Post St.) side tended to be too noisy, but we did not find this a problem. Yes, we did have a street musician down on the corner below us each evening, but they seemed to quit by 10-11 p.m., which was plenty early enough for us. Plus, they were all quite good!We were blessed with wonderful San Francisco weather. Days were in the high 70s and nights in the low 60s. Really could not have asked for any better. I had done a lot of research ahead of time, so had a pretty good idea of where we wanted to go while we were there and how to get there, but the staff at the front desk were always very eager to answer any questions and help with any request I had. Very friendly and responsive.Being a small hotel, they do not have on-site housekeeping or food service. The housekeeping was never an issue, as rooms were cleaned by the staff that comes in each day, and any needs we had after hours were quickly handled by the bell staff or desk staff. And, with so many fantastic restaurants in SF, we certainly didn't come there with the intention of eating room service meals. The hotel has an arrangement with a Cafe a few doors down for continental breakfast service. You get a voucher at the front desk and go down the street for tea or coffee, muffin or danish. We didn't expect much from this service, and we didn't get much, either. Not a very impressive selection or service at this Cafe.The hotel's 2nd and 3rd floors house the Post St. Theatre, a quaint little theatre with not a bad seat in the house. We saw &quot;The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee,&quot; a play I was not familiar with ahead of time, but highly entertaining. Good music, great performances by the characters, and just a very fun, cute show. We got tickets the morning of the show at the TIX booth on Union square for less than $30 each. Well worth it, but hurry, it closes in early September. I would love to see another show in this theatre, and if you're staying in the hotel, you certainly can't beat the ease of the drive home after the show.The hotel is in a great location. Having been to San Francisco a few times, I really enjoy staying around Union Square better than any other location. With the 3-day passports we got for public transportation, we could take any of the cable cars, streetcars, buses or subway trains for no additional cost. Best $18 I ever spent in SF, and we felt we could get anywhere we wanted to within the city by starting within steps of our hotel.With all the great shopping, eating and people-watching we love to do in the Union Square area, this hotel was a great choice for us.	
Aug 2 2006 	Surprised!	I stay in San Francisco for business quite often but usually at one of the Hyatt's or Hiltons. These were not available so after reading the reviews I decided to give it a try. I was surprised that the service described by some was not present during my stay. I had reserved a Royal Court Room but was given a standard room which was run down in comparison. Also, they refused to lower my rate to the standard room rate which was $30.00 less when I originally booked. While there I misplaced a credit card which the staff was nice enough to check my room while I was at the office and report back to me that they had found it. Other than that I did not have the experience that most reviewers did , guess it is back to the giants (Hyatt @Embarcedero)	
May 27 2006	All's well	I have been staying at The Kensington Park for over a decade. I have always had good experiences. Therefore, I was VERY concerned when I read the reviews on this site about the mix-ups with the reservations. As a result, a week before arrival, I called and discussed these poor reviews and told them that I had the explicit expectation that my late arrival with my mother for Mother's Day weekend would not be wrought with anxiety and inconvenience. They accommodated us beautifully. I thank those who wrote the negative reviews because I cannot be sure that if I had not been proactive, it would have turned out as well. It is unfortunate that these other guests' experience was so unpleasant.I hope that The Kensington Park was having a rough time of it for awhile and now they have gotten it together. They certainly were on their game when we were there.	
Jan 13 2006 	Great location great service	I stayed at the Kensington for a business trip and would definitely recommend to anyone needing the convienience of a great location in SF and friendly service. you can take the BART from SFO to within a few blocks of the hotel for 5 bucks vs $35-40 in a cab. Bob the bellman was extremely helpful in getting cabs, recommendations on where to go, etc. The room are nice and well maintained. Free coffee on the 9th floor was avaialable in the AM. 3-4 block walk to the Moscone Convention Center. Rooms are clean and well kept. They even gave me a discount card to Macy's!!	
Dec 5 2005	a "confirmed" reservation is anything but	I too had made a reservation for the Kensington and I too was sent to another property along with several others of a different party. This, apparently, is par for the course for The Kensington. The other property, The Steinhart, was just awful. No security, no service, no amenities. The permanent guests of this hotel were carrying out questionable activities in the room adjacent to mine. The kind of activities that would interest the police. I just wanted to get out, which I did. Of course, the man at the front desk was nowhere to be found when I went to check out early. The finishing touch? They billed me for my entire stay rather than the one night for which I was to have been comped by Kensington Park. These are all Personality Hotels. Some personality....	
Nov 12 2005	reservation doesn't mean room	We arrived at the hotel at about 9:30PM to find that the three rooms we had confirmed were not available, having been travelling for twenty three hours this was very disapionting. We were offered alternative accomadation that was not of the same standard, one of the hotels had a warning on the front door that said ; this building contains chemicals that are known to cause cancer and birth defects. Management was not available to deal with our problem so we had to find an alternative ourselves. The next morning the hotel manager accepted full responsibilty and gave us that night for free. Overall the hotel is very nice and in a great location , but very annoyed about what happened on our first night of a three week holiday in America .	
Oct 30 2005	Nice little hotel	My wife and I stayed here during a quick stop over visit to San Francisco. Our first impressions were great. The foyer is really quite beautiful and more than we had expected. We arrived about 2.5 hours before check in time due to our early flight time and the staff were very quick to ready a room for us. The room itself was very nice and facing out towards Post Street. We had read previous reviews about a trumpeter playing till wee hours of the morning, however this was in fact a saxophonist and we both found it to be quite relaxing. If you are after quiet then definately ask for a room at the back of the hotel. The hotel is located in a great position, close to Union Square and the famous cable cars as well as a bustling shopping district. The pan handlers were out and about but they are pretty harmless and generally leave you alone. Overall a nice little place, friendly staff, great location and a nice room for the price.	
Oct 27 2005 	Raising prices cutting amenities....	I came home last night from a 5 day stay at the Kensington Park. I was traveling alone and felt very safe there. The cleaning/maintenance staff were very friendly. The front desk staff was indifferent at best. Like other traveler's suggested, I asked for a room in the back of the hotel and was glad I did, it was very quiet. The hotel no longer has 24 hour coffee and tea service, it is only from 7am-10am. They still have free access to the business center. There is no breakfast and was no in-room coffeemaker, even though it is advertised. Tea/Sherry in the afternoon was okay, the tea was weak and they had powdered creamer (ech!) and no &quot;real&quot; milk or cream. The room itself was pleasant and clean. I am glad I only paid $129 per night, but have noticed prices at least $30 higher on this site and others. It is close to everything, but watch walking down O'Farrell (going west), I got a bit scared by the people down there and did not feel safe. Overall, the Kensington is convenient, but I just don't &quot;feel the love&quot; that other reviewers did, perhaps because of the cut in amenities.	
Sep 29 2005 	Reservation may not mean you stay here	Our family reserved and confirmed two rooms. We each reconfirmed our rooms before starting our trip. I arrived, offered to check in my daughter due to her late arrival and they assured me they had her room assigned and even provided me the room number. When she arrived, she joined several other displaced travelers sent to another property. Instead of the nice room she had reserved, she found herself sleeping on a bed that folded down from the wall. What a profound disappointment and a loss of quality family time that is difficult to schedule. While apologetic, they had no management staff available to resolve the problem.	
Sep 19 2005	lovely hotel	I stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend for 8 nights from the first of Sept. It was a lovely hotel, the staff were very friendly nothing was to much trouble even down to bringing a wine opener to our room so we could have a drink instead of goin out as we were tired from a day trip.The room had a fridge which was very handy for just keeping water cool. The hotel was in a grat location close to everyting, shops, restaurants,buses cable cars. everything was within a 5 min location. Loris diner is just down the road from the hotel and they do great breakfasts.My only complaint is that our room looked out onto post street and like another reviewer said there was a man with a trumpet that played till 12am most nights he nearly drove me mad so i bought earplugs and never heard another thing&amp; the noise didnt bother my boyfriend.Id have no problem going back to this hotel is was great but id ask for a room in the back of the hotel.	
Aug 29 2005	Great location but noisy	The hotel is old fashioned and quite charming. The location is great - a half a block from the cable car and Union Square. Lots of busses and trolly's nearby as well. My only complaint is the street noise. There was a street musician on the corner playing the trumpet until midnight on three of our seven nights. This kept me awake. There was also lots of horn honking, trucks and what seemed like a moving van in the street at 3am. I think one night the roadies were moving the equipment from a show in the theater next door. If you stay here, I suggest you ask for a room that does not front on Post Street. Besides -the view on Post Street is poor.	
Aug 28 2005	More than I expected...	After staying at 4 and 5 star hotels, I wasn't sure was to expect in a boutique hotel in downtown SF...after 5 nights...it was more than I expected. The stylish hotel lobby is right out of the 30's with a front desk complete with mail / keyboxes, a lobby with a grand piano and mysterious hooded piano virtuoso, complimentary afternoon tea or sherry, and a couple of spacious elevators complete with an antique uphostered sofa bench (the only thing that was missing the elevator operator to take you to your floor).The room was spacious enough for the 4 of us who only wanted a place to crash after a long day out). We had 2 double beds which were quite comfortable (though we're used to queen beds). The bathroom was modern and towels, toiletries, hairdryer, etc...quite acceptable. Overall, the room and linen were quite clean though the furniture, carpet and bedspread could be updated to give this room an overall 4 star rating (queen beds would make this 5 star). The maid service was virtually unseen though you knew they were there each day...our beds were turned down each day when we returned...and our contents safe and undisturbed. This is a safe hotel.We asked and received a non-smoking room situated at the rear of the hotel...while the view wasn't spectacular, it was certainly quieter than the streetfront side. The business centre was useful and equiped with a complimentary computer and printer. The 12th flr (didn't check the othe floors) had wireless internet access in each room if you have a laptop computer.The hotel is right off Union Square and the centre of shopping, shopping, and more shopping. Turn left out the hotel lobby and you're standing where you can catch the famous cable car to Fisherman's Wharf or take a short walk to Chinatown. Being beside Union Square was a bonus when the hotel room seemed a bit small for parents and grown teenagers...the park benches were full of entertainment, sights and comfort...a great location for a hotel.Beware of panhandlers; while there were quite a few around, they aren't threatening. Stay close to Powell Street (cable car) a night...there are several XXX theatres, massage palours, etc. on the blocks west of Powell towards the Civic Centre and Asian Art Museum. This area is filled with the transient and homeless...which were again not overly threatening...but can be unnerving esp. to children.If you're travelling in from SF airport, take the BART to Powell / Market Street station...its safe, inexpensive, convenient (i.e. no traffic congestion and costly taxi rides), and only 4 short blocks to the hotel. The BART station is a the foot of the cable car line and a great way to be greeted to SF. Don't bother renting a car if you're planning to spend most of your time in downtown SF....traffic, parking cost, and the cable car will certainly make you wish you hadn't. Buy a Citypass for a 7 day MUNI transit pass (which you'll need to ride the cable car) plus 1/2 price tickets to the SF Museum of Modern Art, the Asian Art Museum, the Exploratorium, and a choice of two other museums....definitely worthwhile expenditure. Plan to spend 2 hours (fast tour) and 4 hours (thorough tour) through the first 2 museums that I refer to...they're worth the visit....wish we hadn't started the Asian Art museum at 2 hrs before they closed. The Exploratorium is an excellent place for kids.Finally, for downtown SF and Fisherman's Wharf...dress for warmth. It is breezy plus bitterly cold once the clouds / fog rolls in. Further inland and south, there is a 10-15 degree temperature difference. If you want to see all of the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz...take the harbour tour during mid-day when there is less chance for cloud and fog rolling in / out.Hope this helps....enjoy!	
Aug 15 2005	Decent clean little hotel	We had never stayed at a boutique hotel before. We had stayed at the Grand Hyatt on Union Sq during our previous trips. This last visit though, we thought it'd be interesting to try something different. Admittedly, we were hesitant but we researched several boutique hotels on tripadvisor.com; and Kensington Park looked the most promising.Their lower package price was no longer available on their website but we called them and requested it anyway. They were nice enough to let us have the lower rate. Children 13 and under stay free; additional guest above 13 are $10 each per night. They have valet parking w/in and out privilege for $30/day; but if you can, leave your car at home. Ours stayed in the garage for 3 days without us having to use it (we used the Union Sq garage which is located under the Square itself). Awful expensive, yes, but we expected that for SF.The hotel is in Union Square. The Disney store is at the end of the block and Borders around the corner from that. It's an awesome location. Chinatown is within walking distance. If you're young and fit, North Beach is not too far either. You get to do a lot of walking in SF. The hotel itself is decent enough. It is an old building and the elevators kinda creak like it's straining; but it's nice and the rooms are clean. The room we stayed in was not that much smaller than ones at the Grand Hyatt. We stayed on the 11th floor. There's no air conditioning but there's a ceiling fan. We left the windows open during the day. It didn't get hot; but it did get kinda cold at night. There's coffee and OJ in the morning from 7-10. You get sherry and tea in the lobby from 4-6pm. There's this dude who comes in at that time to play the piano. Not sure who he is but he's just a regular dude wearing a hooded sweater with a backpack on his back; and he's a wonderful piano player. Tip him well. There's a computer on the 5th Floor which you can use for free to access the Internet; but you only get 30 minutes at a time (have to get the key at the front desk). The TV isn't that big, it's got like basic cable channels, no HBO or premium channels; but doesn't matter because really, who wants to watch TV while on vacation in SF anyway? We did have ONE problem when we first checked in. We had reserved a non-smoking room with two double beds and requested that it be on a floor no higher than the 6th. We even confirmed it via email two days before. However, when we got there, they were going to give us a smoking room. We protested and said that we reserved a non-smoking room. It wasn't on their computer but we showed them the email response from them confirming our reservation for a non-smoking two double bed room on a lower floor. Then ... we were told that they didn't have anymore non-smoking rooms with two double beds; and they offered to put us in a room with a King-size bed. OK... where were we supposed to put our kids? After a few minutes of looking on his computer, the guy said he could upgrade us to a royal court room at the same rate but it would be on the 11th floor. Having not much of a choice left, we took that offer. (Was kinda scared for the first day being on the 11th Floor but after that, kinda got used to it. But if you have little kids, you might not want a high floor since the windows do open -- even if it's only for like six inches high).Bottom line: just make sure you get something IN WRITING before you go. That way, if anything goes wrong, it'll be your word against theirs!We'll probably stay here again in the future.	
Jul 28 2005	The Perfect Spot!	My daughter and I enjoyed a delightful stay at this wonderful hotel in San Francisco. We were there for one week. We were a little concerned that there would be no air conditioner (being from Florida!) but this turned out to be no problem at all. The weather outside was very cool (we visited in late July), and the window opened. We had to keep it closed at night because it was so cold outside! The room was adequate for the two of us, very quiet in the evening, and the beds were extremely comfortable. We have stayed in many hotels, and this one was by far the CLEANEST. The bathroom was kept spotless every day, a request for more toilet paper was honored IMMEDIATELY and the service from the front desk was top notch. Bob, the concierge, was quite helpful in renting a vehicle for us and in helping us with our trip to the Napa Valley.The hotel is very convenient...a big plus when visiting this terrific city. It is right in Union Square, a couple of blocks from the cable car turn around. It is within walking distance to Chinatown and Japan Center. The trolley stops are all nearby, making trips to the Fisherman's Wharf a breeze. Take advantage of the tea and sherry in the late afternoon...it is delightful! Napa Valley is about 1 1/2 hrs away, and you can even visit the Petrified Forest and Old Faithful. Carmel is about 2 hrs away....the drive down is magnificent. We saw seals sunning themselves on the rocks. Truly a memorable ride.All in all...the Kensington Park Hotel helped to make our stay in San Francisco one we will always remember. We highly recommend it, and we would love to stay there again!	
Jun 9 2005	Look no further than the Kensington Park!	We checked into the Kensington Park May 31 for 2 days. It is very easy to find just west of Union Square. Very easy access to cable cars on Powell and the BART system down the street, not to mention buses, streetcars etc. Vincent on duty that day was very proficient and made helpful suggestions for a nice pizza place just down the street, for us weary travelers!Rooms are bigger than average for San Francisco. They were clean and comfortable. We booked early through an airline's website and saved a substantial amount of money.There is coffee on one floor - I think it is supposed to be 24hr. It was there the first night in the evening but the second night it wasn't - it is possible they were changing it at the time. Also, the hotel offers free hi-speed internet access (wireless in the lobby, wired in the rooms) which was useful, even if you DON'T have a computer since they have one room set aside for this with computer AND printer - all &quot;complimentary&quot;. Useful for checking in online if you are flying, looking up BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) timetables - VERY useful if travelling to Oakland Airport. Also for information on the city itself - priceless.We requested a room on the back side of the hotel - nothing much for views, even though we were on the 8th floor but we appreciated the quietness. After a weary day's sightseeing, all we wanted was a good night's rest. A pianist in the lobby entertained as we returned one evening around 9:30pm - apparently he had been there since late afternoon! A theater is located above the hotel lobby and rooms actually start on floor 5. No problem with noise that we noticed.We would be happy to return to this hotel again on a future visit.	
May 29 2005	Cute as a button!!!	This is the cutest hotel I have ever stayed in. The room we had was on the 11th floor, room 79. We had a city view that was just beautiful. The room was decorated in earth tones with burgundy accents. The bed was very comfortable. As other reviews noted, there are no air conditioning units but you really don't need one due to the weather being very cool in San Francisco. You will want to dress warm when you go out into the city. The staff is very nice and helpful. My stay here was nothing but great. When we go back, we will staying here again. I can hardly wait!!!	
May 28 2005	Wonderful hotel with a great location	My family and I stayed at The Kensington Park Hotel in San Francisco from May 8 to May 13. We paid $110/per night for the first 4 nights booked through a discount travel website. We decided to stay an extra night to see more of San Francisco. The hotel staff added on an extra night for $149, the hotel's current room price at the time. We felt an extra night in the city was well worth the money and the staff made the booking changes very quickly. This hotel has a great location. It is less than a block away to shops in Union Square. There are plenty of diners and restaurants that are easy to walk to. We especially enjoyed the food at Cafe Mason located on the corner of Mason and O'Farrell. During our stay, we walked from the hotel to Chinatown, Union Square, San Francisco Shopping Center, The Disney Store(Great for kids and Disney lovers and it's practically next door!), Market Street, the Cable Car turnaround, and other nearby stores. We also felt the location of The Kensington Park Hotel was very safe and our room was secure.Our room had 2 double beds and was very, very clean. It was nicely decorated, spacious(for San Francisco, very spacious), had comfortable beds, and was pleasant overall. The bathroom has a sink with counter space, a hairdryer, a toilet, and a shower/tub combo. The shower had great water pressure and was very nice after a long day of walking. The room also had an iron with ironing board, closet with hangers, TV with some cable channels, armoire(holds the TV and has 3 drawers), a desk with chair, a living chair, and a nightstand with phone. Local calls cost $.75 each. We also had wireless internet in our room.The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. The housekeeping service was wonderful. Every day we came back to our room to find our beds made, fresh towels, and everything in its place. There is also afternoon tea or sherry available in the lobby, but we did not have any. We mostly traveled to the 9th floor for free coffee. Coffee, ice machines, and vending machines are on the 9th and 12th floor. Our room was on the 7th floor, so it was a quick elevator ride to the coffee.Overall, we enjoyed our stay very much and would stay here again.***I'd also like to add that you should be VERY careful when leaving your car unattended in downtown. There are certain times when it is okay to park your car at meters or on certain streets. Your car will be towed away during the restricted hours such as the times for street cleaning. Tow trucks are everywhere in downtown. Please look for signs that post restricted hours whenever you park in downtown. It's better to be safe than sorry. Have a great trip!	
Apr 28 2005 	Great location good value small but clean rooms	Good location just off of Union Square. If you need to get to Moscone center it's about a 10 minute walk through downtown. Rooms are small and old, but everything was clean and functional. Staff was helpful.	
Apr 27 2005	Lovet it !!!	Our family stayed at the Kensington in two rooms for two nights. This hotel is really nice in an excellent location and has a touch of class and elegance.The rooms are very nicely decorated and well equiped. I would recommend the Kensington anytime.	
Mar 31 2005	Great Little Hotel	We saw the hotel on the internet but not sure about it. Booked it with my travel agent who recommended the hotel. We arrived in San Francisco Feb 27/05 to March 4/05. Great little hotel, half a block from Union Square and cable cars. Excellent staff, helpful, very clean, not your &quot;chain type&quot; hotel but excellent value, sherry &amp; tea in afternoon nice touch. Suggest you book on line. Agent charged $129 per night Cdn or about $100 US.upon checking out I discovered our rate would have been 70US plus tax or $80.00 per night. So BOOK ON LINE. For Breakfast turn left out of hotel go to corner turn right, go one block and turn right look for O'Doull's pub, best place around for breakfast.	
Mar 30 2005	Will NEVER go back	I don't know where to begin...I booked a double/double over a month in advance, paying extra for the Royal Court 'extras.' When we checked in, I was told we were 'upgraded' to Royal Court (when I had already paid for this 'upgrade'), but then told they were overbooked. We were offered a 'suite' in one of their 'sister hotels' (Hotel Diva) or a 'regular' double-double for less money. They never offered to upgrade us to a suite or 2-queen or king room (despite all of these being available). We took the offer of a suite at the Diva, all to find a microscopic room, microscopic bathroom, unsafe location in San Fran and a murphy bed as the 'second' double. We said this was not acceptable and took the downgraded room, to be closer to the Square. They never apologized for this error, which was theirs (blamed it on a new computer system), or offered any true upgrades for their error. While we were waging our complaints, we saw another group complaining about their room and a separate group complaining they were overcharged for parking. With all the hotels competing with this one for business, I would have expected better customer service. I will never stay here again.	
Mar 22 2005	Great Place/Good Prices	We frequently stay at the Kensington in SF. Its a great hotel at a great price. They usually having parking packages that are a great deal. It is so convenient to everything we need. When traveling with our children, we were able to get to rooms next to each other with an exterior door that closed in the two rooms! And, our 8 year old daughter loves staying at this hotel.	
Mar 17 2005	Utterly fabulous!	My partner and I spent nine nights at the Kensington Park Hotel from 4th to 13th March 2005. I changed our booking thanks to reading all the great reviews on tripadvisor.com. I am so glad I did as I booked at a last minute type site and got a fantastic deal (US$86 + 14% room tax). The hotel is a delight. It's brilliantly situated - one minute from Union Square and right near everything you could possibly want. Our plane arrived early and we were there about 11.15am and our room was ready straight away. The room was lovely. Reasonably small but charming, with a comfortable bed, a small walk in robe and television, desk and spare chair as well as bedside tables and lights. And joy of joys - a window that actually opened. How often do you get that in a hotel these days? The bathroom was small but had everything in it and both room and bathroom were spotlessly clean.There are no tea or coffee making facilities in the room but on the 9th floor which was the floor below ours so not a hassle bring a cup of tea up to bed when we came home at the end of the night. There was also free internet on the computer in the business room which was useful too.The hotel used to be a private club and the lobby area is stunning. I took some photos and if I ever figure out how to download them off my camera I will upload them here!The staff were all fantastic - including Bob the concierge. There was a slight mix up with my payment and they fixed it immediately without any problems.We also went to the theatre which is adjacent to the hotel and that was great too.Overall I cannot rate the Kensington Park Hotel or tripadvisor.com highly enough.Thank you! Would definitely stay there again if I go back to San Fran and will never book a hotel again without checking tripadvisor.com first.	
Feb 16 2005	Perfect Stay Excellent Location More For Your Money ...	I was surprised to find that the hotel outdid any review I had read. The staff is MORE than helpful &amp; nicer than ever. Accommodations where wonderful. For those who are looking to stay in the union square area, it is Safe, Pleasant, Comfortable, Helpful, Real SAN FRANCISCO Charm ... I could go on &amp; on &amp; on. Feb. 2005 was when I stayed &amp; I will certainly be returning to stay here again &amp; again &amp; again. I will also be telling all my friends &amp; family about my wonderful experience there. ENJOY!!!	
Jan 28 2005	Affordable with a great location	I have been a guest at this hotel many times over the years and have always found it to be a pleasurable stay with great value. The location is unbeatable. Just a block off Union Square, within walking distance of shopping, well-known restaurants, theater, Bart and cable cars.The rooms on the eleventh floor are a little bit more expensive but come with extra amenities (like bathrobes, cd players and continental breakfast at a nearby cafe). Bob, the concierge is a character and always willing to help. Stay in the rooms at the back of the hotel where it is quieter and you get a fabulous view of the city. No, it is not the most modern hotel in the City, however, it is updated, clean, has a wonderful theater and the adjacent Farallon Restaurant is one of the best in SF.	
Jan 11 2005	Great location but...	The location was GREAT!Unfortunately, upon arrival the two deluxe standard rooms we reserved were not registered. However, after several calls, rooms were found for us. Thought they could have been a little apologetic for the confusion. That's just good customer service. The bed in our room was the worst ever. My back was so sore after the first night's stay and the draft that came under the bathroom door actually made the bath mat on the floor flap up and down. Honest!However, my mother-in-law had no problems or complaints in her room.The concierge service/gentleman was, well to say the least, a little strange and not at all helpful.The advertisement for the hotel was for continental breakfast on every floor, but none was provided at all. The best things going for this hotel is the location and the rooms are a above average in size, although the bathrooms are tiny.	
Dec 8 2004	Probably the most value for money hotel I've stayed at	Well I stayed here about 3 years ago and was nothing but impressed with the place. The location is unbeatable, and the price was fab. I think I paid just over $100 for what was a very clean and cozy room, which for SF is a bargain. As for the rest of the hotel, I agree with what some of the other reviewers have said - it's classy, very San Fransisco and the staff were very friendly and helpfull. Special note to Bob the Concierge, who I still remember from my visit. Would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Oct 25 2004	A charming place to stay.	The hotel is charming - another reviewer said shabby chic and that is a fitting description. It is after all, an older building that has been kept up. If you want new, modern, and homogenized, then stay at a name brand hotel and be prepared to spend substantially more. But if you want a cozy hotel with thoughtful service (Bob, the concierge is the best) this is a wonderful place within walking distance of everything.	
Aug 30 2004	more than OK.	We stayed for 6 days and the hotel is just fine. I found the rooms to be clean and for the age of the hotel just fine. If you're an Elk's member you get a special rate which is half the price of the area hotels. Plus the Elks lodge is wonderful with a great Bar and better than average restuarant. The hotel is located within walking distance of Union Square 300 feet, China town 1/4 mile. And the start one of the cable cars, and Bart, 3 blocks. Taxi's cost about $9 to get to fishermans warf, Peir 39 and the ferries. All in all a great expierence and the concierge Bob is a great help as were all the employee's. Be prepared to wait for your room though as it took about 1 hr(4:30pM) But don't worry there's a place to stow your luggage and plenty to due right around the hotel.	
Aug 18 2004	I can't imagine WHO would call this place "FILTHY"	Reviews like the previous one trashing this hotel for being supposedly &quot;filthy&quot; make this website very suspect. We just returned from a 3 night stay. It's a charming little jewel box of a place. The Royal Court floor rooms (11th floor- an upgrade) are adorable, very clean, and as roomy as the rest of the European style hotels on Union Square. We liked it better than the Diva and about as well as our previous fave, the Warwick Regis. The location is phenomenal and the bed is so comfortable you may never venture out of it! You have to really wonder why someone would just trash a lovely little hotel and call it &quot;filthy&quot; and &quot;dark.&quot; I'm suspecting a disgruntled former employee???? We paid $135 a night for buy 2 nights, get the 3rd free. I mean it doesn't get too much better than this.	
Jul 27 2004	Filthy Filthy Yuck!		
Jun 27 2004	Loved it!! Very charming		
Apr 9 2004	Great stay		
Feb 6 2004	Wonderful Hotel in the Heart of Union Square San Francisco		
Jan 27 2004	There must be better....		
Oct 2 2003	Just The Best!		
Sep 30 2003	I wouldn't stay there again.		
Aug 11 2003	. . . a genuine gem!!		
May 15 2003	Well-positioned for Union Square ....		
Sep 20 2009 	Buena ubicacin buena calidad		
Aug 1 2009 	trs jolie chambre- demandez la vue sur union square !		
Jul 7 2009 	Trs bon htel. bien situ. bon rapport qualit/prix		
Jul 5 2009 	Parfait pour quelques jours de vacances		
Jul 17 2008 	Hotel di classe e in ottima posizione		
Aug 24 2007 	Von "Hotel mit Persnlichkeit" keine Rede		
