	location location location!	This hotel almost has everything you'd want in a semi-budget boutique hotel - fantastic location, great rooms at a reasonable cost. Things missing - computers with internet access (though they do have free wifi), and a decent breakast, but these are minor quibbles. Water pressure isn't great and it is very noisy - don't stay here if you're a light sleeper! Staff aren't especially friendly but all that aside, for the price, it's a great place for a few days in san fran.	
Oct 27 2009 	Noisiest hotel ever!	We picked this hotel with some trepidation due to past reviews but since our usual hotel ( Hotel Triton ) was booked up. We also owned art by the artist whose room we stayed in so we decided to give it a try. What a mistake! The art was cool but the noise was intollerable. City trash trucks coming through at 2AM, 2:30 and 3:00 and emptying the dumpsters behind the hotel. The bar in the same alley behind the hotel was noisey and every ten minutes they dumped trash cans full of beer bottles into dumpsters full of bottles. After getting probably 2-3 hours sleep we got up and watched a vagrant pee in the same alley. We promptly checked out and went to the Orchard hotel down the street which was 100 times better. With this being said, I realize that the hotel cannot control the amount of noise in an alley way, however, they need to be responsible for the comfort of the people in the room. Hence, the room had no A/C or even a fan. In a room that is 10 x 10 foot, a fan would make a huge difference in comfort. Also, if you are going to open a hotel, a little sound-proofing would go a LONG way.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great location Interesting Art.	OK, so the rooms are smallish with no aircon, the lift is 'unusual', the breakfast room has no tables and you can hear others and, in some rooms, street noise. But hey you are in the center of San Francisco, close to almost everywhere you want to visit, have easy access to transport systems, have hundreds of eating places just down the road and you are sleeping in an individually decorated room. We got our second choice of room and thought it was lovely. We thought the old building had been well renovated - in other words its original features and feel had been saved as far as possible and not destroyed just to make rooms a little bigger. For the center of San Francisco, we thought the price was pretty reasonable, especially considering we paid nearly as much one street away and had no breakfast at all. If you don't want breakfast on your knees (there are no tables) use one of the trays provided and take it back to your room. Much more romantic anyway! If you want a 'Travel Lodge' then we suggest you go to one. If you want something different, we hope you also enjoy this hotel.	
Oct 7 2009 	a feast for the eyes	although the rooms are fairly small, ever room is different, owing to the fact that every space has a different artist. one may be in a room full of anime characters on one trip, a faux graffitti room next, followed by a very urban yet zen room after that trip. it is worth the pennies and is close to lots of things...plus, it's the City!!! (--)	
Oct 6 2009 	You Can Do Better	My friend and I stayed at Hotel Des Artes in September 2009. Our room was a suite with 2 queen beds and quite spacious. However, our room #200 was on the second floor, just steps away from the front desk, elevator and staircase so we constantly hear people checking in and people getting off the elevator. The worst part about our stay was the overnight front desk person watching several movies on his Apple computer, the volume was so loud that I can hear it from my room. I asked him to turn it down and he did but I could still hear it. For a person who works in the hospitality industry, he should have known better and put on headsets or earbuds. Other front desk people during the day were helpful when asked for restaurant suggestions and directions but were surly. The hotel is located across the street from Chinatown, a few blocks from Nob Hill and Union Square but with so many choices in San Francisco, you can do better.	
Oct 1 2009 	Complete Joke	Well firstly, how can this &quot;hotel&quot; get away with calling itself a hotel, the most pokest place on earth, ok ok we did book this place because of price, but also because of the fact its website makes you assume it is a &quot;hotel&quot; when in fact its just a hostel.The decor (sorry art, ha ha!) in our room was gloomy, depressing and it certainly made you want to get the flip out of the room needless to say we only stayed there 2 nights both of which we have enough alcohol consumed to drag up the courage to go to bed for a kip.The breakfast again which should be in inverted commas was another joke, it felt like you were in a mental asylum, no such thing as a table (lets all just sit around in an extremely uncomfortable position both physically and mentally while we eat our &quot;breakfast&quot; off of tables in complete silence) oh god please!As for the staff, I really have no idea where to start, when we arrived some oldish dude at the counter, was a complete ignoramus, it felt as if he was working there as a punishment, absolute dog.Would recommend this place for backpackers defintely other than that a strange awful experience.And just to add, I know you get what you pay, thats fine but for the website to mislead you (which i suppose is nothing knew to me at this point) is just ridiculous	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent location great price extremely unique place to stay - lovely touches.	We found the Hotel des Arts through the Lonely Planet as their &quot;pick&quot; of hotels in San Francisco - they had rooms available and at a very competitive price. The location was great for both Union Square and Chinatown and it was very close to all transport and tours.I personally loved the nice touches in the reception and the uniqueness of the room. We got in last minute and the service was friendly - the breakfast was minimalist, but that was fine for me.Multiple wireless internet accounts were all great connections.Overall a very good stay - I would recommend to a friend and I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 23 2009 	Tiny  funky but not great for small children	This hotel is just a stone's throw from the Chinatown Gates and downtown shopping. The rooms are poky but comfortable - the storage cupboards going a long way to make this combination possible. The bathrooms, however, in an attempt to be quaint (clawfoot bath) make a small space excruciatingly small. Likewise, the elevator was almost impossible to navigate with large baggage.But this is an old, refurbished and cute hotel, so of course the rooms aren't going to be large if the the owners stay true to the original in their restoration. It's just not a great option for those travelling with small children. Not sure about the charm of the old plumbing - the toilets get clogged with just an average amount of toilet paper!The painted rooms are very cool and interesting and you get to decide on your top 3, with the hotel doing their best to accommodate your choice. The breakfast was nice if you don't want to linger and just grab a quick bite to eat before hitting the tourist wheel.Overall a funky, small but very affordable choice for such a great location.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great location friendly staff	The location of this hotel couldn't be any more central, right opposite the Chinatown gate &amp; a 5 min walk to Market St where you can catch buses/trams to everywhere. The hotel is secure, safe &amp; quirky, although the artwork in our room (204) was a little scary &amp; could frighten small children!The draw backs of this hotel are that the rooms are tiny, the shared bathrooms, although i have to say it was always free when i needed to use it &amp; always found it in a clean state. Then there's the noise; our room was next to the 'ice' room where we could hear people helping themselves to ice all through the night, &amp; we could hear peoples TV's &amp; conversations from nearby rooms. It's OK if you remember earplugs! The only other gripe is with the TINY breakfast room which literally had about 10 stools in it, no way enough for every guest! So sometimes we would look in the b/fast room &amp; decide it's too packed &amp; awkward &amp; come back later. I did see some people taking their breakfast into their rooms so maybe that's an option too.Overall it's a cool little hotel &amp; good value in an expensive city.	
Sep 18 2009 	Beautiful rooms great location !	I stayed for 6 nights in room nr 307 (which was what I had selected). The décor of the room, the corridors and the reception was amazing! The breakfast was at first a little disappointing but considering then the breakfast at a much bigger and classy hotel (The Westin St. Francis at Union Square in which I stayed later) it was OK. The only thing I would suggest to the receptionists is that they have to recommend the guests to make no noise as the hotel is old and you can listen to the TV or to the other’s voices. The location is great and definitely I would return there!	
Sep 14 2009 	HORRIBLE experience!	I would NOT recommend this hotel. First the front desk staff (namely Celia) is unhelpful, unwelcoming and uninterested. The customer service is subpar at best. Second the rooms are cramped and the bathrooms are far from convenient. Third the 'light continental breakfast' was a laugh. There is absolutely no privacy in the rooms, you can hear EVERYTHING in the halls and the other rooms. The hotel has no air conditioning and they recommend you just open your window...to a courtyard of every other hotel patron with their window open so you can hear their TV's, conversations, etc. This hotel was a horrible experience and we checked out immediately and went to another hotel.	
Aug 28 2009 	I LOVED; My boyfriend thought it was OK	Since I booked all the hotels along our trip down the coast I knew exactly what to expect. He did not. You walk into the hotel at the first level where all there is is a set of stairs and an elevator. I had already read about the crazy elevator so I was excited about it. It is a gated elevator that is a little confusing if your not used to it, but I think it adds to the uniqueness of the place. The second floor check in area had cool furniture and awesome paintings. The guy behind the desk was happy to pull out a map and show us exactly how to get to all the touristy places we wanted to see.We stayed in the crazy crazy Ermanski room. This is the room I had requested and they had no problem holding it for us. I picked this one because I figured if we are going to stay in a hotel where half the experience is the crazy painted rooms, why not go with one of the craziest ones. Things to note about the room: the sink is in the actual room not the bathroom which I thought was cool but there is no light in that area so you cant use the mirror too well. As others have mentioned there was no AC which I thought would be fine since it is only in the high 60's in SF but the issue is when we opened our window we were face to face with a few other rooms, so not only could they see you but you could hear them loud and clear. We asked for a fan for the room which they were happy to give us, but it was very small so it didn’t help too much. I would suggest asking for at least 2 fans if you’re in this room. The tv was off to the left of the bed which I didn’t mind at all but my boyfriend thought was strange. No complaints with the comfort of the bed. The shower was great and the products they supplied were fantastic. We didn't have an issue with noise when we kept the window shut but this room is also located far from the stairs. I would recommend the hotel to any of my friends that are looking for an experience over the typical hotel stay!	
Aug 27 2009 	Overpriced arty hotel	We just returned from our stay in Des Arts. Attacted by the review in the Lonely Planet we thought it would be a nice comfortabel hotel to end our 3 week trip. It wasn't. The price we paid (160) was too much. Unfriendly and uninteressed employees who apparently weren't paid to greet you in the morning or when one entered the hotel. Beds were too hard. After a day of walking through the streets of SF the bed was to hard fo my tired muscles. No airco or fan. Opening the window let in the noise. We were attracted bij the art on the walls but in the end you just need a good night sleep and when you put out the light to do so, you don't see the paintings anymore.	
Jun 25 2009 	fun san fran hotel great location	We stayed in Hotel des Arts with some friends while on vacation in San Francisco. This place was a welcome change to chain hotels. The decor in the room, halls, reception area, etc. set a unique tone for our stay in the city. I felt less &quot;touristy&quot; in this place. The location was within easy walking distance to great shopping, restaurants, and bars, including a cool little Irish bar next door.The rooms were clean and comfortable. Cool summer air allowed for a restful night with the window open. If street noise bothers you, maybe ask for an interior room. Some reviews have complained about noise, but we didn't really have an issue with it.Free WiFi was a plus.	
Jun 24 2009 	Funky Fresh Great Location!	You can't beat the cool vibes and the incredible location of this hotel! We had the pleasure of staying in a suite with some friends, and each room was painted by a different artist. This created twice the ogling in our group. Even though the rooms weren't painted by the same person, they jived really well and made for a hip, relaxing living space during our stay. From this hotel, you're within walking distance of almost everything in the city. We trotted to North Beach, the Wharf, China Town, the mall area, the financial district and to plenty of restaurants here and there during our stay. There's even a quaint Irish Pub right next door, so if you're looking for something really convenient, look no further! Added bonus - breakfast! Free food and coffee go a long way when you're traveling on a budget! Check out the Hotel Des Arts and check into a funky fresh stay convenient to lots of San Francisco hot spots!	
Jun 23 2009 	Very San Francisco!	I recently stayed in a painted suite with friends, and it was lovely. The decor made the rooms stand out, the location was great, and it had almost a European - yet still San Francisco - feel. This was the perfect hotel if you're looking for something a bit funky and adventurous.	
Jun 22 2009 	Very very cool clean and perfect spot	Don't understand the mixed reviews but I'm guessing it's about expectations. I travel often for work and pleasure. Work is usually a 4-star american chain, pleasure I try to stay somewhere fun but with convenience, so I get a full-range of places.This is one of the most unique places I've ever stayed in. The rooms are covered floor to ceiling with a murals by some artists that are well enough known that I've heard of them outside of the hotel. This is a younger graffiti inspired selection so it may not be to your taste if you have a more conservative pallet. However, if you're open-minded you'll at least consider it interesting and fun - even if you don't want to take every room home with you.This is the sort of place you'd find in the left bank of Paris. Funky corridors and accordion elevator. Cozy but modern lobby. Victorian details mixed with soho.However, everything I saw was spotlessly clean. Staff was friendly and seemed to work together like a family. Plus some good ammenities: Simple but adequate free breakfast (oj, bagels, muffins, cereal, coffee), flatscreen tv's, free wifi.All in all a very fun high-value great location experience. NYC gal gives it 2 thumbs up.	
Jun 21 2009 	Good price 	The price we paid was amazing - 70 per night, for a painted room(Damon Soule), in downtown San Fran. Yes, its a old building, but I love historical buildings and chose to live in them myself, so little cracks and and old sinks, etc, dont bother me at all. I loved the clawfoot bathtub as well - I kept making runs to Lush for some bath bombs and such. The worst part was the party they held there without informing us. We were tired from a day running around town and just wanted to come back to the hotel for a nap and some R&amp;R time before meeting friends for a night on the town, but when we stepped in, there was a large scale party going on. Dj, drinks, etc.. really awful(trance, ew) music blaring from the reception area (right by our room), people trying to open our door thinking they could view the art, screaming drunks falling into our door, the music so loud it felt like it was right next to my head.. it was pretty awful to say the least! Now, I'm all for a party, but it would of been awesome if the staff let us know it would be happening so we could of planned around it! Maybe rested in the morning and then explored the city during the party, or rested and then joined the party. I was clearly upset and had to come out of the room to ask the staff how much longer this would be going on, to which I got a blank &quot;Idunno&quot; from the desk girl. The other downside was the wifi did not work and nobody seemed to know why or when it would be fixed. We had to spend money at the internet cafe everytime we needed to look something up/All in all, it was a good value. The location is steller. The room is neat. The staff however, does not communicate, and hotel partys are not ok when you have guests! I'd still stay there again, but I would make sure to find out if they were having any events before hand!	
Jun 10 2009 	Hotel des Arts is hotel that THWARTS…	In 2006, New York Times travel writer endorsed Hotel des Arts as “an unassuming little hotel in a great location.” The hotel’s website even promises “convenience and comfort.” While the location is indeed convenient, my short stay was anything but comfortable.Website failed to mention that hotel is not air conditioned. Room was hot with closed window and loud with open window. As a matter of fact, rear window was something straight out of Hitchcock: no privacy whatsoever when window was open.The only light source in the entire room was an overhead fixture. Unbelievably, room had neither bedside lamp nor desk lamp; worst of all, lavatory niche had no light whatsoever.After one noisy and uncomfortable night, I left the Hotel des Arts never to return. As a matter of fact, I cannot recommend hotel to any traveler. Hotel des Arts is hotel that THWARTS…privacy, comfort, and more.	
Jun 3 2009 	Not what we expected	We stayed at the Hotel des Arts in San Francisco for the first time in May, 2009. We were excited because my friend and I were really like some of the artists that painted the rooms. However, our excitement quickly turned to disappointment when we discovered how little art was really on the walls in the room we were given. Some of the rooms probably have more art but ours was just one wall. This is one of the nosiest hotels I have ever stayed in. It wasn't even the other guests that were being noisy specifically. Their was a bathroom located right in the hallway by our room. You could hear everything going on in there. The housekeeping in the morning was very noisy and our bath tub was not stable so everytime you stood in it it rocked. I'm sure that it was loud and bothersome for other guests to hear. The employees were friendly enough except for one girl who was there in the evenings who didn't seem to know what was going on and gave us wrong directions at one point. The bed was one of the most uncomfortable beds I have ever slept on. We slept on our friends air mattress one of the nights of our trip and it was more comfortable than the hotel bed. I never felt comfortable in the room. It was really awkward having the sink in the same room as the bed. The location is the only thing going for this hotel. I'm sure that is why the prices are what they are. This hotel is more like a hostel and it is has only a two star rating. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. You can probably find a better deal in the same area.	
May 27 2009 	Don't miss out on this neat hotel	A friend of mine recommended the Hotel des Arts as a great place to stay for a real San Francisco experience, so we booked a room during our recent stay. He was so right. The hotel is walking distance to Chinatown and also Union Square. Most of the rooms have painted walls, as well as the hotel has art displayed from some of San Francisco's finest local artists. Really neat concept for a hotel. The hotel was clean and the staff was really helpful with directions and suggestions (not the typical tourist trap suggestions you get from conceirge desks).A great alternative to the chain hotels that cost more than Hotel des Arts, and really don't let you know you are in a special city like San Francisco.	
May 25 2009 	quirky rooms	stayed at this hotel for 3 nights on a trip around California. It's a good budget hotel, all the rooms are different with the walls as displays of art. The room was basic and on the small side, but very clean and modern, with a good size shower. loved the bagels at breakfast, but there were no tables on thebreakfast room and you have to eat on a tray. It's next door to China town and the main shopping district, so the location makes up for everything.	
May 19 2009 	Way better than we expected	We came in for Bay to Breakers and booked a deluxe queen ahead of time based on price and location. We were expecting it to be loud. We were expecting a SF version of NYC's Carlton Arms, where I have stayed a couple of times. This place was much nicer - cleaner, friendlier, much more professional. We heard no noise from the hallway or other rooms. The shower in our room (302) was awesome. The room also did not get hot, even though it hit the 90s outside. For what it costs, this place definitely exceeded our expectations. If you go expecting a Marriott, you'll be disappointed - but the bed was comfortable, the shower was great, the art was interesting, there was a tv, microwave, and refrigerator in our room that all worked, free coffee, doughnuts, and juice in the morning, and the people were friendly and accomodating. You cannot beat the location. A few blocks to MUNI and BART. A block to Chinatown. A couple of blocks to Union Square. Plenty of restaurants nearby. I highly recommend, as long as you understand it is an old building with quirks and do not expect an airport Hilton.	
Apr 13 2009 	Not living the Mainstream Lifestyle!	I decided to stay at the Hotel Des Arts due to the art and that that it's not your normal hotel. On arrival I was excited to see an old style elevator which was exciting as it was my first time on one.... (trip is going well)..lol. The Staff was friendly and addressed that the 1st floor was going to have new floors going on on the Monday but told me where the front desk was going to be as well as breakfast. My room was very clean, and the bed was very cozy. The shower was also very nice as well, it may be to short for someone over 5'7&quot; but for me it was awesome. The doors to the other rooms did close with a bang which was a bit alarming at 6am but I survived. I wondered how hot my room would have been in the summer as my room did not have an air conditioner. I believe some room do. Something to look into. Overall really impressed and would stay there again in a heart beat...PLUS I was blown away at how close the hotel was to everything. Right next to Chinatown which leads to Little Italy, as well as Union square and the Montgomery Bart. :)	
Apr 1 2009 	Funky and different	We stayed in a painted room. The one that looks like the Unibomber's hideout. We liked it. We had a private bathroom and it was narrow, but the water pressure was fantastic. It was cheap for the city and in a great location. Right at the gate to Chinatown but within a few blocks of Union Square. Traveling in their old-timey elevator was cool too. If you're looking for something unusual, stay here, if your looking for luxuary, this is not your place.	
Feb 27 2009 	A rip off unless you don't care about comfort	This hotel looks great from the website, but don't be fooled. Basically it's a hostel masquerading as a hotel. Sure you get your own room, but the beds and pillows are rock hard, the bathroom was too small for more than one person to stand in at once, the sink was in the bedroom with nowhere to put toiletries and no light above the mirror (ladies, putting on makeup is a challenge). The only light was three bare lightbulbs on the ceiling that were so bright they were like three spotlights. Granted, Hotel des Arts is in a great area. But I'd rather pay 50 bucks more and get a decent bed in the same area, or pay the same price for a Holiday Inn which would have been way more comfortable.	
Jan 31 2009 	Returning Visitor	We stayed here on two occasions in January 2009; initially for four nights and then when returning to SF a week later for one night. We have also stayed here before approximately 18 months ago so knew what we were getting. I feel the Hotel Des Arts in SF offers fantastic value for money for it's central SF location. I like the love the art works in the corridors and the murals on the walls - adds a touch of originality - though this is a varied experience, depending on what room you are in.Our first room (307 I think) had a massive mural of a cabin on one wall, which looked fantastic. However the desk in the corner the room had been decorated with lots of cluttered items (records, books, knick knacks etc) to give a cabin feel. As cute as it looked, the reality of the situation was that this is impossible to keep clean and my dust sensitive hyper allergic wife didn't enjoy this room as it was intended. The second room we had (202?) was much simpler and hence much cleaner and more comfortable for us. Overall the Hotel Des Arts is restricted by the confines of the older building in which it is based so rooms can be quite cosey with not a lot of space. However SF is not a city in which you want to spend too much time in your hotel room so this was never a big issue for us. The breakfast provided was more than adequate with a good supply of bagels, toast, cofffee, juice etc. The staff are a mixed bunch and range from very friendly/open and rushing to help you with baggage as you get out of the lift, to a bored look of disinterest and not really making a lot effort to help you unless asked. The only real complaint for us is that the mattresses on the beds are not as comfortable as they could be (felt like futon style mattresses). We stayed in a Best Western in Monterey after leaving SF and whilst not having the same obvious charm as Hotel Des Arts, were rejoicing at the comfort of the bed in comparison. I would still not hesitate to recommend this hotel to a friend as a great value for money hotel in central SF that clearly has a lot of charm.	
Nov 11 2008 	Hotel Des Arts San Francisco	My husband and I travelled to SF from British Columbia with a few friends to run in the Nike Women's Marathon. We chose to stay at the hotel des arts and they stayed at the Hotel Mark Twain. I chose the HDA based on decent reviews on trip advisor and because of the good rate I got through expedia. We got to SF on Thursday Oct 16 just fine but our luggage didn't. The cab ride sans luggage cost us about 40 US to Mark Twain and we walked to HDA. (We took BART back to airport which is easy to do and quite fast and costs $5 each!) The airline eventually found our luggage and had it delivered to our hotel late that evening. The front desk staff had no problem accepting it for us and keeping it locked up while we went out and about. First impression of this hotel was that it was very unique and artsy. There are tonnes of art plastered all over the walls and each room is painted in a unique theme by a local artist. I am not much into certain types of art but it was definitely unique and interesting what is considered art. Overall it is an old boutique hotel that is all painted up. The rooms are tiny, but that appears to be the norm in SF. The room had a sink and a mirror, but no bathroom. There were 2 shared bathrooms per floor and one shower. I never met anyone going to or from the bathroom, but there was certainly evidence that people had just been in there, if you catch my drift. My major problem with the shared bathroom is that there was not a sink in there to wash your hands after doing your business. I think that is absolutely disgusting and am not accustomed to shared bathrooms and will not go with that option again for the cleanliness reason. (hand sanitizer is a girls bestfriend) For the record you can get a room with your own bathroom, but is right beside the shared bathroom and you can hear people peeing right there. kind of creepy. So I guess you have to know what you are getting yourself into with that situation. Another thing is that the lobby is on the second floor and there is a rickety old elevator (pull the metal gate across type) or narrow, windy stairs to take. People with mobility or claustrophobia issues might not like this. As well it was very noisy on the streets below where our room was, so sleeping with the window open was not an option. However, this is not an issue unique to HDA or its location!As far as location I think that it cannot be beat. Step out your doors and you are right at the gates of Chinatown, which is a very interesting place to tour around. Our friends who were staying at the Mark Twain were in a much sketcher location (bordering on the tenderloin area). We felt completely safe in the area that we were in. There are alot of homeless people in SF and we did not find that there was as much in the area that we were staying in. If you are at all active and don't mind hoofing it around you can get to lots of places from here. We walked down to Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach area, Lombard St, South Market. You can get on the cable cars a couple of blocks from here (powell and hyde are the best ones to take). Cable cars are $5/ride and really crowded, but yes, it is something you probably should do.Overall,Pros of Hotel Des Arts-hotel location is fabulous -great food nearby (chinatown,north beach, pubs,thai...) -great shopping (dept stores, chinatown again, small shops around union square)-the price is right-bagels, toast, coffee, OJ in am is complimentary-staff was friendly enough-cleaning staff was good-art provided unique atmosphereCons of Hotel Des Arts-noisy streets (which is expected)-shared bathrooms (with no sink!) take some getting used to-carpets were pretty yucky dirty-art?? (depends on taste)-mobility can be hardNot to miss-alcatraz-lombard street-chinatown-shopping everywhere-italian feasting (northbeach)-walking up the hills to get good views-golden gate park-take BART out to Berkeley to the chocolate factory-food too good everywhere to mention where to gohope this helps!	
Oct 31 2008	Nice place	This older hotel has been redone by an individual artist. As an older hotel. the room and bathroom are both small and basic. And the shower curtains did smell a little moldy and it seemed that it was difficult to air out the bathroom. The artist's unique design of each room makes the hotel a fun and unique experience, but the location is just ok--when you step out the door you don't walk out into one of the SF's neighborhoods bursting over with personality. It's near the financial district and very close the Chinatown, and a short walk to Union Square and Powell Street. They also serve a continental breakfast in kind of an awkward little room.	
Oct 16 2008 	Just what we were looking for!	My husband and I were looking for a hotel with a great location that was affordable. This spot was way better than we expected and it was perfect for us. Since the city has so much going on, you are not going to spend a lot of time in your hotel, so don't waste your money on things you don't need. We left each morning and returned for bed. Yes, our room was small, it did get noisy around 9am, and we chose to share a bathroom a few doors down. However, I never saw anyone else use the bathroom the entire stay, we were awake before 9am (so the noise was not an issue), and the breakfast was just what we needed each morning (Odwalla OJ, toasted bagels, coffee). The staff was disinterested, but who cares? We didn't come to chit chat with anyone at the front desk. The hotel was also sandwiched between two great restaurants/cafes, across from the Chinatown arch, steps away from Union Square, the Bart (to get to the airport), and a 7-11 for late-night 'whatevers'. We would definitely stay again and I would suggest it to anyone. We saved soooo much money staying here and then we were able to focus on fun stuff - renting bikes, ferry trips, tours, amazing food, and great wine.	
Oct 8 2008 	Absolutely fantastic art	I must admit I was a little nervous after I booked finding the very mixed reviews for this hotel, but we thought it was pretty good overall. The staff on the front desk seemed to flip between extremely helpful and completely disinterested but the room itself was great. We loved the art on the walls in the hall and foyer but felt very smug with our room (and thought the art we picked for our room was the best by far!!). The hotel was however, pretty noisy. I am not sure if we were just unlucky but there seemed to be a lot of noise just from other rooms (no street noise) - it was almost like being at boarding school - you could hear every conversation!	
Sep 24 2008 	That's San Francisco!	I need to admit - I LOVE San Francisco - so maybe my opinion isn't a 100% objective.But if you love San Francisco for the same reasons as I do, you definitely wanna stay at this place. The standard rooms aren't too spacious, but clean - which is true for the whole hotel. There's a big TV in each room and the artworks on the wall (and in the closet in our case) are just amazing. It's like living in an art-gallery. So, it's not a luxurious place - but the atmosphere is great and it's very san fran.The staff's ok - nothing special, but I wasn't here for the staff anyway. Located just half a block away from the China Town Gate you're in the midst of everything. What else can you ask for?So, we were very happy with it and got great value for our money. We will stay here again!	
Sep 15 2008 	Unique - OK hotel	My husband and I went to San Francisco for Valentine's - it was both our first times to the city. We wanted to stay in a unique hotel in downtown and came across Hotel Des Arts. We found the hotel online and was intrigued by it's uniqueness. We thought the idea of artists painting each room was very cool. We booked a Deluxe Queen - we recommend this if you do not like sharing public floor bathrooms. The room we stayed in was pretty neat - the artist was very creative. However, the room and bathroom are TINY and the bathroom looked like it was from the 1800s. The tub was a bit old and the sink looked old too. The bed wasn't that comfortable, but hey, we didn't come to San Francisco to spend all our time in the hotel.If we come back again, we will probably spend a little bit more money to stay at a nicer place. But all in all the hotel was OK.	
Sep 15 2008 	Miserable room	Disclaimer: I am used to staying in three-star hotels. It's been a while since I stayed in a two-star hotel like this.I didn't get a decent night's sleep the entire four nights I was here. It was miserable and I will never stay here again.The worst was the mattress. It was hard and uneven, with hills, valleys, and springs everywhere.There was no desk lamp. I had a hard time seeing my work area with only the room light behind me (with my body casting a shadow on the work in front of me.) The desk was attached to the wall, so there was no way to fix this.There was no vanity light in the bathroom. The old sink had two separate faucets, making warm water impossible to get. This made shaving extremely frustrating.There was also no vanity counter in the bathroom... not even a shelf, so no place to set toiletries. The hot water faucet shut off if you turned it on too quickly. The toilet would not flush properly. When it did, it would run all night until you jiggled the handle about 50 times. There was a giant glob of dried toothpaste on the wall when I checked in. It was still there when I checked out.There were no bed-side lamps, nor a switch to turn off the room light from the bed. The bed also had nice, sharp corners, so it's no surprise that I cut my foot badly on the bed trying to find it in the dark.The art on the walls is nice, in theory. My room had a giant, scary Madonna (the pop star) head above the bed and Louis Vuitton logos everywhere else. I wouldn't call it &quot;art&quot; so much as &quot;generic gay-themed copyright infringment&quot;.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, unless they seriously update the place by replacing the mattresses, adding some lamps, and completely gutting and re-doing the bathrooms.	
Sep 4 2008 	Stuffy Small and Overpriced	From the pictures on the web site I thought this was going to be a funky, boutique hotel. It turned out to be more like a funky youth hostel. The rooms were furnished with stained, office carpeting, a desk, mini refrigerator and a queen platform bed low to the ground. You get the feeling that you are staying in someone’s dorm room. The mural walls and themed rooms are funky but in the small space it makes you feel uncomfortable and chaotic. Bathrooms are minuscule and the rooms are very stuffy and hot – there is no air conditioning and no ceiling fan. You can hear absolutely everything going on in the other rooms – especially if you leave your window open for air, which directly faces someone else’s window. The location is good – right in front of Chinatown. However, there are many hotels to choose from in the same area. For 175 bucks a night this hotel was extremely disappointing. It really put us in a bad mood during our trip. For 225 a night we moved to the Fairmont down the street and had a gorgeous room facing the bay. The switch was the best 50 bucks I’ve ever spent.	
Aug 27 2008 	Great San Fran Experience	This is by far the most unique hotel we've ever stayed at. The painted rooms are funky and provide the perfect San Francisco experience, the location is excellent, and the price is right. The only downsides are that the bathrooms are extremely small and that the rooms can get kind of stuffy. Since the hotel doesn't have AC, this might not be the best place to stay during an unexpected summer heat wave.	
Aug 26 2008 	Noisy and not so cool artwork	We stayed for one night at this hotel hoping for a good night sleep before going camping at teh northern californian coast. So, first of all artwork was not too impressive, especially in our room -- simply patches with different color, what I can imagine doing in 15 minutes or so. Room was small, smelled badly. Some hair in the shower. We decided to open the window (otherwise it is sealed and there is no AC), but the internal window frame just fell inside the room. So, I was not able to close it back well enough. At this point I did not realized how bad this was. But I realized it when at around 4 am in the morning awful noise started (it was not noise actually -- It was like someone was shooting a shortgun in my ear -- they were collecting smth like 10-20 grabage urns). This guy in the truck was too lazy to leave the truck and move the bins, so he was just pushing them around with his truck. Then an hour later came another truck and brought beer casks for nearby pub. Doors were very thin too. So, it was one of the worst night at a hotel ever. Luckily, we had nice sleep at the tent next night. The breakfast is null. So, expecting smth nice (the hotel was recommended by Lonely Planet), we were very dissappointed. Maybe you will be more likely if you find a room facing not to the pub and not to the back street with garabage bin. The only positive side is location: conveniently close to Union sq etc.	
Aug 25 2008 	Stamp: Approved	Friends came to visit and stayed here. Great value. The building is older but the price is right and the atmosphere is great. Art lines the hallways as well as the lobby. Real art, not hotel art. The girl checking me in joked that the three paintings currently in the lobby were representations of the front desk staff. The style is no frills, but not as you're not checking into the Hyatt. It's in a good location, near Union Square. Reminds me of a NY style hotel.	
Aug 25 2008 	Excellent Location near Union Square	My husband and I recently returned from a three-night stay at the Hotel Des Arts. The location is great! It's only three blocks away from the Montgomery BART station and just a few blocks from the MUNI lines and buses. There are many cafes, restaurants, bars and GREAT shopping in all price ranges nearby -- and it's two blocks from the gate to Chinatown! It's also a short walk from the SFMOMA. A+ for the location! The hotel is very cool - numerous paintings line the hallways on each floor - many for sale -- as well as in the lobby. We enjoyed walking around and checking out the art. The staff was very helpful and accommodating with maps, bus lines and restaurant recommendations. They were always available when we had to be buzzed in from the street as well. Our room, which cost about $360 for three nights, had a private bathroom. We loved the style and the mural on the wall [the DeRosa room]. It was simple and clean but small. Since we didn't plan to spend a lot of time there, it was fine. On the down side, it faced the backs of buildings and we got the exhaust from a nearby restaurant which woke us up on a couple of occasions. The hotel also didn't have any type of temperature controls for the air and there was no ceiling fan so we had to sleep with the windows open. It was not ideal since the windows didn't have screens and bugs and flies came into the room.I would recommend this hotel for young travelers and couples. It's not a place that I would suggest if you are older or have difficulty with stairs as they are very narrow and steep - and the elevator is very small. But, for the price - in that part of the city -- you really can't beat it or complain too much.	
Aug 11 2008 	Please stop spray painting during the night!	For the art and the funkiness, this hotel is terrific - and no wonder it has good reviews on its website - they are commenting on the concept and the art, but I imagine these people didn't stay there! The staff were friendly enough, but the biggest problem was noise and fumes from painting during the night! Yes, seriously, listening to a spray can being shaken every 30 seconds while the reception walls are repainted with paint fumes coming under the door is NOT the best way to treat your customers from 2am to 6am. You could also hear people speak next door and in the hallway; something being unwrapped each night at 4am ( large quantities of plastic???) and coffee being organised at 6am. Sleep was not easy to come by -but for the sake of the terrific painted rooms and cleanliness, maybe its worth it. If you do stay, get your breakfast early while there is orange juice, coffee, bagel and space available. All except the bagels tend to run out. The position is avery good - so close to Chinatown the California St cable car and the union square shops.	
Aug 7 2008 	Funky and very San Fran	San Francisco hotels can be very $$..this one is a decent price, but not for everyone. Narrow stairs &amp; small old style elevator....Not much of a breakfast either....Now,Good stuff: very cool artwork...different in each room and each floor has it's own theme. Convienent to Chinatown and the Art Academy is across the street. Overall...not bad for the price.	
Jul 25 2008 	Not my favorite	Great location but a very small elavator that was difficult to manage with a stroller. The rooms were clean but very small. I did not love the late night party that occured in the room two down from ours.	
Jul 24 2008 	so-so experience	Location is good, bordering Chinatown, walking distance to the Embarquadero, but can be noisy when dumpsters are emptied at 4 am in the alley below, or from the agreeable bar next door, the Irish Bank. Was first assigned to the Unabomber Cabin room, which was kind of funky at first -- until we realized there was no place to put any of our stuff. Agreeable staff moved us to another room, but all quite small. Try to get one with a closet; otherwise there's no place for your stuff. Staff is nice and friendly; we passed on the minimal breakfast and went around the block to a great bagel place. We paid $169 a night, and $199 on Sat night, which we thought was a lot for what we got; would probably have liked it more if we had paid less.	
Jul 13 2008 	Funky but noisy	The Hotel Des Artes is in a great location and the art is very funky. However, the parking is more expensive than they tell you if you ask (we were told it would be $15 and it was $25 a day) Our room, at the rear of the hotel was very noisy (with the bar below being open late and then the glass bins being emptied at 4am)You can't open the windows because of the noise and there are no fans so you end up baking hot! The art in our room was damaged which was a bit disappointing. The ice machine is a nightmare and might take your hand off if your not carefully. Breakfast is packed and in a tiny room.  And finally, housekeeping! She tried to clean our room at 8am, luckily we had locked the door as she didn't knock first and we were still in bed. Second, she then tried to come back at 8.30am and then at 9am so in the end we got up and let her in. She just wouldn't take no for an answer. So no lie in for us!I think given the experience we had the location is great but the rooms overpriced.	
Jun 17 2008 	Great central hotel	We booked this on the San Francisco website and got a great deal of about $60 a night. First of all we stayed in a room without a bathroom. This was painted great and we loved it. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean. The toilet and shower were nearby and they were basic but clean.We travelled about a bit and came back to stay at the hotel again. This time we booked a room with a bathroom. I've got to say it was smaller and not painted as nicely as the original room but the shower room was lovely and very modern. Unfortunately were were backing onto the largest St. Patrick's day party which started at 6am but we managed to get some sleep. We really liked the breakfasts which were basic, bagels, cream cheese, yoghurts, muffins, fruit juice tea and coffee and this was always fresh. The location of this hotel was great, right next to china town and has good transport links.	
Jun 11 2008 	Cool Idea	First of all let me say that the staff was very friendly and helpful... The hotel is one of those good idea/bad ideas. All of the art was really cool, but the rooms were not in many ways. There is no A/C, which is somewhat normal in San Francisco, although there was no circulation and the room had a bad smell because of it. There was some type of air cooling system in the bathroom, so we had to leave the door open at night. The only problem is you could hear everyone in the hotel using the restroom at every hour of the night. Yes, I woke up to hearing someone urinating. At first I thought it was my husband, but it was either the room above or below me, gross! Then at 3 or 4 in the morning the garbage truck came to pick up all the glass recycling in the courtyard below our room. There was mold in the TINY shower and the sink had two facets, one for hot and one for cold, meaning no warm water... It was like staying in a delapidated dorm room. If you want to sleep at all while in San Francisco, I suggest going somewhere else. We did... I will say the staff did thankfully not fight us breaking our reservations, I think they know it is an issue.	
Jun 2 2008 	OK	Hotel des arts was the first stay in our round the world trip and a little return trip to SF. It was cenral and a convenient if not noisy location. The room was a bit small but it was clean and we loved the decor (we had chosen our favoured artist). The breakfast was simple but ok. The staff were quite unfriendly. The hotel was incredibly noisy, with an Irish bar close by celebrating St Patricks day, all weekend. Our room looked over a rather dirty alley, with urban casualties using it for a bed/toilet. The large industrial bins were also emptied more than once through the night and early hours of the morning. I also came out in a strange rash after a night. Not sure what caused that. It is ok for one night.	
May 29 2008 	Funky budget in the heart of the city!	My husband and I wanted to spend a week in San Francisco without totally blowing our budget - we looked into the Hotel Des Artes webpage and booked the $300 FOR A WEEK explorer package. What a great deal! The place reminded me of an extremely well-kept hostel (we shared a bathroom down the hall - no problem with lines or waiting ever.) The art in the rooms was so unique (the employees will let you go into the other rooms to look at the art if they are unoccupied, too!) It was such a positive experience. And they give you bagels, coffee, tea and juice each morning, which is a plus.If you are looking for turn-down service, don't bother. But if you want something extremely reasonable in a great part of a great city, I would highly recommed it!	
May 28 2008 	love it!	If you're a modern day artsy person, and like to travel but hate the feeling of not being cozy and hate the smell of a typical hotel then this place is it....I felt like it was my own room. The bed is comfty and cozy. The bathroom is excellently clean! I absolutely love this hotel compare to all the other hotels I have stayed in SF before...NICE, CLEAN, ARTSY, and SIMPLE...	
May 16 2008 	Funky Alternative to chain hotels	This hotel definately has character. From the old-fashioned lift to the unique art, it's a refreshing break from the same old chain hotel room you can find anywhere in the world. The staff was friendly and helpful. Breakfast was simple, but enough. The hotel is in an excellent location. It's about a block from Chinatown, tons of shopping, and excellent restaurants. The neighborhood was safe at night. Families or people who like to travel in luxury probably wouldn't enjoy this hotel, but it's great for any adventurous laidback travelers. And you can't beat the price.	
May 9 2008 	A great choice	I thought the Hotel des Arts was great value for money and in a fantastic, central location. I'd definitely recommend it. I thought that my room was clean and a good size, with a private bathroom and television.My only complaint was that the sole (very old fashioned) lift died half way through my visit.	
May 2 2008 	No sleep here	First, there was the disturbing art all over the walls. OK, I knew from the website that there was original art in every room, so I took my chances there. Unfortunately, I lost that gamble. There was nothing restful or peaceful about the art in my &quot;suite.&quot; And I had trouble finding the light switches. Next was the really tiny, old bathroom with no counter space. But the very worst was the construction going on all through the night across the very narrow alley. ALL NIGHT LONG. This was an old building with thin walls and single pane windows, so I don't think any room in the hotel would have protected me from the noise, so I didn't bother complaining. Unless you're an insomniac, minimalist, disturbing-art lover, stay away!!!	
Apr 7 2008 	Scabies	A friend and I stayed in a suite (room 310 at $180/night) and were horrified by the dirty condition of the room, including the foul smell. Well, it got worse since after staying there we both were diagnosed with scabies! The woman from the hotel I spoke with afterwards by phone would only note that they've had no problems, and that there is no manager or owner I might contact at this time about my complaint since they're hiring one right now. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 31 2008 	Citchy and cool...	Let me start by saying that if you are looking for a high class hotel this place is not it. That being said, the rooms are adequate and quite cool. This is a boutique hotel property; each of the rooms is painted / decorated by a local pop artist. We had suite 300 which was converted from a standard room and a hostel type room (no in suite BR) into a two room suite. The 2 queen beds were clean and comfortable, I had the fold out couch / bed which was a bit lumpy but I slept well enough. The only real downer was the water pressure in the shower was not up to snuff (as last time we stayed here.) The hotels location is also a big selling point as it is near the shopping area, china town and literally 35 paces from the Irish Bank, our favorite Irish Pub in SF. If you are looking for a different hotel experience at a great SF price, this is a good choice but don’t expect the Ritz. The staff was accommodating and helpful.	
Mar 17 2008 	Unique experience	This is an old property and it shows in most of the accommodations, i.e. the claw-foot bathtubs and the old style sinks etc. so if absolute comfort and new amenities are all you care about then try any of the standard holiday inns or whatever. But if you are seeking a truly unique experience in probably the most visually stimulating hotel in a very visually stimulating town then this is the place for you! I have traveled far and wide but the Hotel Des Artes is certainly one of the most memorable and fun hotels I have ever stayed in. It is very economical and in the middle of downtown catty-corner from Chinatown and many other must see spots, literally seconds away from the metro and bus stops to get around town. Each room is uniquely adorned by different artists and the walls are filled with the latest in contemporary, cutting edge art in different mediums. The staff is wonderful! I stayed for 6 days and can't wait to go back!	
Feb 20 2008 	Excellent choice!!	First I looked up reviews on this hotel on this exact website, and found some good, and some bad. Since I am an artist, I thought it would be cool to stay in a Hotel where art is the main focus. Let me just tell you... this Hotel exceeded my expectations. The staff was extremely welcoming and courteous. The room was immaculate, the maid service was awesome, and the breakfast in the morning was exactly what one would need to fuel up and head out on the town. Especially the bagels!!! It is located in the heart of downtown, across from the China Town gate, a few blocks from Union Square, with everything you need only a few minutes walk away. I really couldn't ask for more seeing as how, when I travel, the last place I want to hang out is in the hotel. If you have any doubts, or heard anything negative on this hotel, take it from me, this place is perfect for the adventurous traveler. And the artwork was pretty cool too. Too bad I checked out a day before they were about to have an art opening. I'll definitely, with no doubt in my mind, stay here again! Thanks for reading.	
Jan 13 2008 	Funky but also troubled	I should have known there could be issues when I couldn't find the hotel. They were undergoing changes and one of them was that they hadn't changed their name to des Artes yet. I walked up and down Bush Street until I saw the small paper sign on the door. Ah the door, you don't really walk into the lobby but an entrance where there is a tiny elevator and an even tinier stairway. Since the elevator wasn't working, I had to drag my bags up two flights just about wide enough for me and a suitcase.The selling point of the hotel was that the individual rooms are decorated by different artists. Mine either hadn't been done or the artist was a graduate of the paint by number school. But what the heck, it was reasonably clean and cheap by San Francisco standards. All I wanted was a place to shower and sleep. I did sleep until about 2 AM when it sounded like the ceiling was going to crash in on me. I jolted awake thinking it might be an earthquake. The noise continued with bangings and crashings until I couldn't stand it and walked to the lobby which was just down the hall. The young gal knew immediately what was wrong. One of the artists decided that this was a good time to decorate the room above me and was dragging and apparently throwing furniture around. She dashed up stairs and finally silence.They had a nice continental breakfast with orange juice, coffee and lots of bagels. I figured that things were looking up.The next night was peaceful. I'll admit that I enjoyed the huge old tub where I could stretch out. However, any short person or one with any kind of back or leg difficulty would not have been able to get in since you had to step in over the tall sides. And that's where the shower was so there was no option.All seemed well until I reached up onto the closet shelf to get a shirt since the room didn't have a dresser. Again, luckily I'm tall and as I reached for the shirt, I saw something. That something was a hypodermic which I can only guess was left by one of the staff cleaning the room the prior day or just dropping in to use it. It wasn't there the night before because my shirts would have pushed it to the back.I took it to the lobby and showed it to the manager who asked if I had been stuck by it. I hadn't. He said that it was San Francisco and those things happen, but didn't really seem to be that bothered. No real apology and no concern that I might have been stuck. No offer to comp the night. I guess just one of those things. I was leaving SF that morning and was just glad that I hadn't found the needle with my hand.I did write them but had no reply and had pretty much put it out of my mind, other than to never go there again, until I found my receipt today. You know, that lack of caring still bothered me. I hope that they have cleaned up their act and their rooms. But if you stay, just watch where you're putting your hands.	
Jan 8 2008 	Good for a couple of nights	After reading the reviews, I decided the price and location outweighed the noise factor. This was partly true. I wasn't really prepared for how loud emptying 18 dumpsters and 8 trashcans every morning at 3:50am would be. There was no ceiling fan or anything, so to get any air circulation required an open window. Art was very fun and almost, almost, made up for the extreme tininess of the room.As another guest said, &quot;it's a great place, but the people have no idea how to run a hotel.&quot; I couldn't put it better. The staff was very blasé and didn't seem particularly concerned about the guests. That said, great rate and location. If we had stayed for a couple of nights rather than a week, the negatives would have seemed more minor.	
Jan 8 2008 	Could have been much better	I had the pleasure last year to visit my cousin in LA.Of course, I decided to spend 3 days in San Francisco. Unfortunately, I had to book my hotel without trip Advisor. L'Hotel des Arts is quite expensive for what it is...The location is perfect but that's all. I hope to go back in SF and I will book my hotel with Tripadvisor...	
Dec 26 2007 	Like staying in a gallery!	There were three of us on our trip. We were going to stay at a hostel for this reason, but then I found this place. For a suite we paid $170/night, including the fee for third person. There was a bedroom with a queen size bed (really comfy and soft) and a living room with a fouton couch. You can also request a fold-a-bed. The bathroom was in the room, but there was a wet bar in the living room. Oh, and there was a flat screen. The hotel is not brand new, but the art takes the focus off that. When walking into the reception and through the halls it's like walking through a gallery. All the pieces are for sale and we tried to take a peek at the different rooms every chance we got. The breakfast is a bonus...bagels, muffins, yogurt, coffee, tea, oj and water. It's until 9 am, but I think they leave it there until it's gone. Otherwise there is a vending machine on the 3rd floor. It also has asprin and ibuprofin...came in handy after a night of bar hopping in North Beach.I wouldn't bother with the elevator, just take the stairs...it's faster! The location is perfect, it's right across the street to the main gate to Chinatown and in walking distance to shopping at Union Square.If you're looking for somewhere cool to stay that isn't boring, but can't afford the average $200 a night price tag for a standard room at most places, I would stay here. It was double the price of the hostel ($28 pp/night at Hosteling International Downtown), but I think we got a nicer room. It ended up being about $60 per person when we split it three ways. Not Bad!	
Dec 21 2007	Headlice!!!!!!!!	I've never had headlice in my life until I stayed at theHotel des Arts!!! After checking the website, I thought this would be a fun different hotel experience, but I got no sleep due to construction that started at 6am everyday. The maids didn't change the sheets, the toilet leaked, and I had to keep my bags in the unsecured lobby for 3 hours before checking in. Two weeks after I arrived home, I discovered I had headlice. The pharmacist told me, it takes approximately two weeks to notice you are infected. If you haven't had lice, this is very NASTY and a tedious process to get rid of the lice. I will NEVER stay there again and warn anyone who may be considering staying to stay AWAY!!!	
Dec 2 2007 	we definitely got more than we paid for....	this boutique hotel was just perfect for me and my wife..on our travel to San Francisco in June of this year..we precisely looked for an inexpensive but clean place to stay..something near china town and the union square..and hotel des arts was just right...walking distance to everywhere we wanted to go to. the staff were accomodating . oh yes, next time we go back to san francisco we will try and stay there again. by the way, the paintings in the lobby and in our room were an added bonus. ...a refreshing sight after a tiring day of going around and shopping.thanks.	
Dec 2 2007 	Central location but rude service	You cant beat the central location of the hotel for the price you pay. Rooms and linen are clean. HOWEVER with the cheap price comes cheap service. The staff are down right rude. I got the impression that we werent cool enough because we werent starving artists. If you asked a question you were answered in mono syllables and depending on who was working you got a different response. We had an evening flight and needed to leave our bags at the hotel for the day. One person said you can leave your luggage in a locked room after check out, another said you could but the room wouldnt be locked. We left it in a locked room which seemed safe. If they employed friendlier staff this hotel would be much better.	
Nov 24 2007 	Awesome!!!!	we are currently travelling across the usa and booked hotel des arts as our san francisco home for 6 days. The decoration is pretty amazing in the rooms and the rest of the hotel is nice too. We saved some cash and opted for a room with shared bathroom, which turned out great as it seemed everyone else had gone for en suite rooms so the shower and loo were always fresh, clean and available. The self service breakfast of muffins, bagels, yoghurt, tea, coffee and juice was a great start to the day and there is no problem taking a tray full up to your room for breakfast in bed. Our room was very clean with a tv, microwave and fride and even had a window that opened (rare on the 5th floor in the US we have found!!).Staff were helpful and booked our airport shuttle and made phonecalls for us to book other things too.overall we would stay here if we pass through SF again and would reccommend it to anyone looking for a good location (between chinatown, union square and the financial district) which is walking distance to the sights and good value for money.	
Nov 21 2007 	Bug infested dump	This hotel has much potential, unfortunately management has done nothing but raise its prices to capitalize upon their recent publicity. We arrived to find out they have no baggage cart and that the workers are extremely rude and unwilling to help. (Especially the red head) Next, we found a bug in our bed ( a little roach) and one in the room. The TV had about five channels and was stored in a cabinet whose door didn't stay open, the fridge couldn't really be called a fridge. It was a box with a block of ice in it and did not cool the bottle of water we put in it. The temperature of the fridge was warmer than that of our room. Seeing this, we went downstaris to get ice from their ice machine. (There are no ice buckets available in the rooms so thank god we had a plastic bag with us.) We arrive at the ice machine only to find out that the majority of the ice is melted. We have to scoop water and ice, drain the ice, then dump it in our plastic bag. At this point we should have left, but decided to torture ourselves more. Now we go to shower... there is an old shampoo bottle on top of the shower and looks like old soap on the wall. Definitely wear shower slippers or you'll catch something. Their carpet is old and stained and who knows how often they clean their showers. In the morning we were awaken at 630 by construction workers drilling non-stop until about 845. Although the art inspired rooms are beautiful unless you're paying less than $100 per room, go somewhere else. There are many other hotels around the $110 range that we've stayed at in SF which have provided much better service in a CLEAN atmosphere.	
Nov 1 2007 	Awesome!!!	Wonderful is all I can say about this hotel... A little quirky but exactly what I wanted from a small SF hotel. Great freindly staff. Rooms are a little small but who cares it is just a bed to sleep in and a shower right? I stayed here a week and loved it! Will be returning in June 2007 with my partner.	
Oct 15 2007 	highly recommended - original and very affordable!!	I stay in hotels at least 6 months of the year, they are mostly 4 or 5 star established hotels, so i can be particular. My final two weeks of my trip to USA was spent in San Fran and I spent the final week at hotel Des Art - a cute art gallery/hotel with so much character and originality that I always felt at home even if i didnt have my own kitchen. I was pleasantly suprised to find a few little creature comforts I wasnt expecting, like a microwave or flat screen tv. Over the 7 nights I changed rooms 3 times as my original booking was to have only been two nights but this hotel did its best to accomadate me so much that I extended my stay for an extra week. Each room had an enticing effect as they were each decorated and styled by a different artist - work painted directly onto the walls brought the space to life - having so much originality and knowing each time I went down to reception i found an open friendly employee willing to help me with anything I needed made my stay in san fran exceptional. Even my wireless computer worked which is a first in 2 years! Thanks to everyone in particular Hero who really made the stay so welcome and really affordable - Cheap actually - thank you all.	
Oct 15 2007 	different but no more than a 2star experience	The proposition was very good after a stay in a Vegas hotel - each room painted by a different local artist. You can even pick your own room, and all of the pieces available to buy at the hotel, make it a warmer and origional offering. The location I have to say is perfect, not too far up the hill, and right next to the financial district, waterside, shopping, chinatown and North Beach. Really good spot to stay. The rooms are small but nice enough, and I have to say it was due to a one off experience that ruined it for me - bed bugs. Could happen anywhere but it happened here. The service wasnt great on top of this, but we did get moved to a nicer and bigger room. This just put a dampener on the trip, as did the lift being painted and not working when we left with our big bags. There is a breakfast at least. Although I have seen much better in a hostel. Served in a cramped little room, it is quite a demeaning experience. Overall its a good idea, just could have done with more thought, and no bed bugs. At least its cheap.	
Oct 14 2007 	It is what it is.	My mom would not set one foot in this place. As for me I love the Hotel Des Arts. It reminds me of my dorm room when I was an art student in Brooklyn, NY. An ancient building alive with character, the art on the walls, the creaky floors and the claw-foot bathtub — this is the Hotel Chelsea of the west coast. It made me want to be creative again.But for all you non-artists, the Hotel Des Arts, like many moderately-priced hotels in SF, is for the tourist who spends days and nights sightseeing and desires a room to wash up and catch a few zzzzzs. If you want luxury accomoations and a smiley-faced staff, reserve a room at the Mark Hopkins. But you'll be forced to stay in your room as there will be little left over in your travel budget for sightseeing and dining :)HDA rocks!	
Oct 12 2007 	Such a unique hotel	I LOVE THIS HOTEL.....it's very artsy &amp; european!!!!! the whole concept of this hotel is amazing. they showcase the art work form a lot of different artist from all over the world. they are located in the heart of UNION SQUARE.....everything is walking distance &amp; CHINATOWN is just across the street.hotel price is so affordable; parking is available &amp; not too expensive at all. staff is friendly &amp; good service.i would definitely go back &amp; stay at this hotel!!!celeste	
Oct 10 2007	Dirty Dirty Dirty	This place is disgustingly dirty. The &quot;shared bathrooms&quot; are dorm room style toilets with no sinks. They were covered in human filth and the toilets were clogged with feces every time I went to use the facilities. I was booked for 2 nights and left after one. This place is a joke - plus, it's in a sucky part of town - there' s nothing to do in that neighborhood after 9pm.	
Sep 19 2007 	Bad service	Room is ok, but service ranks was 0.Do not give them your credit card!!!!Though I made reservations from the homepage of the hotel, the reservation did not let you confirm it on that day. Without explanation, I am going to pay deposit from credit without permission. I do not give the receipt either. Our bags before checking in have kept in the corridor of the front desk. The Internet is not connected by a room, too.	
Sep 6 2007 	Never again!!	Well maybe it is a different hotel.. but for me it was a terrible choise, room full of skulls all kind, so scary... no closet, tv updated, very noisy.. al night were the dumpers picking the garbage downstairs, elevator sucks.. un friendly.. everything was a disaster.. it was like a nightmare.. I hope that never happen again.	
Sep 4 2007 	Good Value and great location	We recently stayed at this location for 1 night. The room was clean, small, yet funky decor. The room was 306 and faced the back side of the building and was quiet. We aslo had our own bathroom. Front desk was helpful and courteous. Last year we stayed at Park Place which was one block over and Hotel des Arts was far better. For the price we felt like this was very good value for San Francisco. We recommend this hotel without hesitation.	
Jul 27 2007 	Fun and Funky!	Definitely a place to lose yourself in the artwork! We enjoyed a suite with fantastic murals that included glow in the dark paint (not in the bedroom). Street noise was not an issue and our location was great! Easy access to China Town (gate was just up the block), Union Square, and fantastic restaurants. Staff was helpful, room was clean, and price was great. Truly a work of art...	
Jul 15 2007 	A shame	we finished a two week holiday here for 2 nights after spending 8 nights at the Hotel Beresford near Union Square, then 3 down the coast in Monterey.Basically, it's a shame. The Art is great, location good, price good, and it's 'funky' - you will remember staying here. But - The room smelt of sweat, and smoke. We had rooms with no bathroom but that was ok because the shared showeroom was clean, so why was the room so bad? Don't know. It's up to the owners to keep an eye on this. It could be really excellent as a different, unique memorable place to stay, but i would say - A couple of nights only, not for kids, not for oldies, can be a bit noisy at night and be open minded.We did enjoy it, but a hotel of any size, location, star rating etc should get its basics right - cleanliness.	
Jun 11 2007 	A pleasant surprise at the Hotel des Arts	We reserved a room at the Hotel des Arts after seeing it recommended in a New York Times article. We were a little apprehensive about it. After all, what can you expect for $99 a night in San Francisco?We were very pleased with our experience. The room was clean, quiet, and comfortable. The location was great. And the breakfast was a plus, with good coffee and muffins, bagels, and yogurt.After staying at so many cookie-cutter hotels with the same trite pictures on the walls, it was a pleasure to stay in a room that had been spray-painted by a New York graffiti artist and to see work by other young artists in other parts of the hotel.We would most definitely stay there again.	
Jun 11 2007 	lovely!	The hotel was situated very conveniently for china town and union square. We had the room decorated by jet martinez, It was our first choice and it was lovely! apart from the decor everything was simple neat and clean. The breakfasts were the best we had in san francisco. This was a charming, convenient, neat, wonderful hotel - I will be advising everyone I know to stay there! Its great!	
Jun 6 2007	Art yes bad service - rather not	We recently spenty 2 nights at the Hotel des Arts in San Francisco. The location is very convenient. We knew it would be an adventure andeither you like the art or you do not like it. Ok, we did not like the art in our room that much, but that was part of the fun or risk factor. What we did not like though, is the rather untrained and unfriendly staff at the reception (please read the previous reviews and you get exactly the description how we felt treated), this does not include the cleaning ladies who were really nice and friendly! The hotel is not very well kept and reminds more of a hostel than a hotel. I do not understand how such a great idea of exposing art from different artists (we still love the idea!) also unfortunately implies that the hotel is rather run-down? That was the biggest disappointment as the rooms were rather shabby (beds were ok tough!). Watch out when onloading your luggage, you have to park in front of the hotel entrance door and not in the designated parking spots on each side. We had our car there for 5 minutes and got a 60 USD fine.	
May 7 2007 	Saved by the front desk gal!	My partner and I enjoyed our stay at the Hotel des Arts. It's not a cookie-cutter hotel and it's certainly not for everyone, but it suited us just fine.We encountered three different staff members during our 2 night stay. Two were competent enough - not hostile as others have described, but not especially friendly either. The third was outstanding. Not only was she friendly and accommodating, she saved us from missing our flight with an unsolicited early morning call reminding us that the time had &quot;sprung forward&quot; overnight. We had asked her to book a 6:30 am airport shuttle the night before and she roused us out of a dead sleep at 6:00 am because she'd been concerned we might have forgotten the time change (we had).As for the hotel itself, it was exactly what we were expecting. It is an old SRO (single room occupancy) hotel cleaned up and redecorated to be a quirky budget hotel for travellers seeking accommodations with character. The main downside with this type of hotel conversion is that the door from the hallway opens directly into the sleeping area of the room. Most hotels have the bathroom right inside the door offering a bit of a buffer area between the hall and the bed, but since the bathrooms here have been added later the rooms aren't laid out that way. We found everything to be clean and in good repair, and the shower was great.The hotel has very little street-front presence, just a sign and a doorway with an intercom and buzzer. Once you're buzzed in you have to go up to the second floor to reach the reception area. The elevator is old and small, but it worked just fine throughout our stay. We did try the stairs once, and they are indeed incredibly steep as other reviewers have noted.We didn't much care for the art in our room, but it certainly was a conversation piece. Art so personal that I certainly can't fault them for not supplying me with a room that was a perfect match for my taste.	
May 5 2007 	These guys must have stayed at a different place - I loved it!	I feel like I didn’t stay at the same hotel as the last three reviewers. My buddy and I stayed at the Hotel Des Arts for two nights at the end of April, 2007. It certainly is not up to the standard of a new chain hotel, but it’s quite an experience with cool cutting-edge art, and overall, we were very satisfied and would stay there again. This place is not as bad as the last review made it seem. I have high standards, but I’m only in my 20s and can maybe handle more inconveniences than most. The crowd was definitely youthful and the whole place had a cool vibe – I think the secret is you have to roll with the laid back feeling of the place. Don’t expect a chain hotel and remember how cheap the hotel is in a city of expensive hotel rooms!Pluses – The location was excellent. This was our first time in the city and we felt very fortunate to have picked this hotel. We walked or took public transport everywhere. It is a few minutes walk to Union Square and to the shopping on and around Market Street. Chinatown begins a block away. We could see the gate at the entrance to Chinatown from our 5th floor window. It’s very close to all public transportation. It is also a few blocks from House of Nanking (919 Kearny St.) an excellent and inexpensive Chinese restaurant (we went there more than once).The room- Pretty awesome to look at, very creative, and totally custom painted floor and ceiling. We were in the “Bloum Cardenas + Regis Silva” suite. We booked through Tablethotels and were upgraded at check-in to this room, which was a 2-room suite with two double beds. The rooms were large. We were shocked by how much space we had for the price. There were 2 beds and a tv in one room and a pull out couch, tv, desk, mini-fridge and wet bar sink in the other (which was large enough to have a little party in). There was ample closet space in each room. Safety- We took the BART from SFO at 11:30pm and walked the few blocks to the hotel and felt very safe. Not once in the city (except for a brief excursion through the Tenderloin) did we feel like we need to take extra care. At the front door you must get buzzed in from the front desk at all times. They are there 24 hours and this was never a problem. We felt safe and secure in our room. Other- The bathroom amenities (shampoo, soap, etc.) were high quality and a nice surprise, although the bathroom itself was cramped and old (but it was clean – no mold in ours). There’s free Internet. Free continental breakfast consisted of yogurt, bagels, coffee/tea, and juice. (After a late night out we got to breakfast a few minutes before closing time and there were still a few yogurts and a lot of bagels.) Contrary to other reviews, the front desk staff was always friendly and helpful. We never got any attitude from anyone, ever. Minuses- Our room faced Bush St. and was noisy at times (we were on the 5th and top floor). It appears that the room didn’t have A/C so if the windows were to be opened it would get quite noisy. If noise is a problem I would simply request a room that does not face the street (based on the layout it appeared that only four rooms (probably all suites) face this street). Overall - The hotel is in an old building and certainly rough around the edges. It was clean and comfortable, but old – narrow staircases, rickety elevator, occasional musty odors, etc. It really reminded me of some hotels I’ve stayed at in European capitals. I don’t think the negative reviewers would complain if they got a hotel like this with this price in Paris or London. I would definitely stay here again. I'm glad I did not listen to the negative reviews. Great location, cool rooms, excellent value. If you’re having trouble deciding whether this hotel is for you, maybe this will help: My mom would be fine staying here for a night or two. She’d think it’s fun, adventurous and a neat experience. If you want a bellhop, room service, and other real cushy amenities you would probably be happier elsewhere.FYI-if you're a tourist get the Muni Passport -3 days for $18 allows free travel on all public transport (excluding BART) but including the cable cars that charge $5 one way. You can purchase them all around the city or airport.	
May 2 2007	Worst hotel we've ever seen!	Our experiece echoes so many of these other reviews. The hotel just sucked! No parking. A hideous &quot;art installation&quot; that resembled a spew of food poisioning on the walls. No dresser. Archaic bathroom with more mould than you could imagine. A sagging mattress. Arrogant staff at reception. Cramped quarters. An elevator that punked out and forced us to lug bags up and down the old stairs. Windows that wouldn't open. Blinds broken. A view of a garbage littered center yard. Breakfast a wipeout. Don't be fooled by the &quot;art&quot; talk....shop around and spend your hard-earned travel dollars elsewhere folks!	
Apr 24 2007	I was embarassed.	After a few years of reading about this hotel in art mags, blogs, etc., I decided to give it a shot. Not because of price... not even because of location. More based on the circumstances around the artists rooms and the fact that it was something different than the hotels I normally stay at while traveling. I was excited about what I felt was a great opportunity to take my wife to a cool hotel. We have a piece of art from Dave Kinsey, so I thought it would be nice to request (months in advance) the Dave Kinsey painted room.Like many of the other guests who have posted reviews, our room was not ready when we arrived. Perhaps I was wrong to assume that the room they were preparing was the Dave Kinsey room. We took the walk of shame, like many before us. At least we were in San Francisco.When we returned - and dragged our bags up 3 flights of stairs - we opened our door to find that we were not in the Dave Kinsey room. I will save the room details, but everyone else that has posted a review has done a perfect job. My fault... apparently if they lose reservations, what are the odds of actually getting the first OR second room choice request. We only saw one other guest the entire time we were there, so I cannot image both were already booked.Fortunately noise was never an issue. However, we had two artists spray painting the walls outside our window for hours. The fumes completely engulfed the room. We lacked the energy to complain knowing it probably meant dragging our bags up more stairs. Besides, I would never want to upset the front desk guy. He was way too busy being the worst hotel front desk guy in the world. Unbelievable. One thing to note... I have noticed a number of 'Managment Responses' on here. Something tells me that the guy posting the management responses is actually the guy most of us have the issue with. I was there a week ago and did not notice any of these improvements going on.After returning, I found myself at a restaurant talking about our vacation and the hotel experience. I kid you not... the bartender said &quot;You did not stay at the Hotel Des Arts did you?&quot; I told him yes, and he replied &quot;You should have told me that is where you are staying. I would have warned you.&quot; They should consider changing the name to 'Hostel des Arts'.	
Mar 24 2007 	Art is great but rooms poorly maintained and staff unfriendly	We arrived after having flown in from New Zealand so were tired and looking forward to checking in to the hotel. We were a couple of hours early and the room was not ready yet so we reluctantly left our bags and went for a walk. On first impressions, the hotel reception was funky but the girl behind the desk was quite surly - not at all welcoming. We returned to the hotel a couple of hours later to check into our room. We were looking forward to a nice shower and a rest. The room had a very loud generator outside the window and the toilet broke when my boyfriend flushed it. When we phoned reception about the broken toilet, they sent someone to have a look but he was unable to fix it (didn't seem to try very hard). When I said that I wasn't very happy with my experience of the hotel so far and was considering going elsewhere, the receptionist did not seem concerned or make much effort to be helpful. She was going to move us to a room with a shared bathroom but after I insisted that we wanted our own bathroom, we were moved to another room which was not much better than the first. The bathroom was tiny and run down with no room to move and it had a bath with a plastic shower curtain and a toilet. There was a grubby sink in the bedroom. At least this room did not have generator noise but when we tried to open the window to get some air, the window would not stay open- we had to jam something in it. None of the power sockets worked. I had an adapter plug which I knew had worked in other places. When I asked reception if it was a problem that they were aware of, she said no and suggested that I go and buy another adapter plug.On the positive side... the bed was fine - comfortable enough and with plain white bedding. The art was good. I don't think that just getting artists to paint the walls is enough though - the rooms are in desperate need of renovation. OK, it is not overly expensive but I would still expect something better than what I got for that price.The building itself is very old and quite beautiful. The location (in the French Quarter) is great with some fantastic French restaurants and cafes nearby. With a little renovation and some friendly service, this hotel could be great.	
Jan 25 2007 	I liked it	I'm a solo female traveler and I found Hotel des Arts perfectly adequate. The location is excellent and my room was just fine for the amount that I was paying. I shared a bathroom - which was always clean. My bed was comfortable and warm. Sure the room didn't have a great view, the lift was small, and the carpet was worn in places. But what do you expect for the very reasonable rates? I actually really liked the art and my room was particularly cool. It was nice to come home to after a long day exploring this fabulous city. The breakfast was bagels, spreads, juice, tea or coffee. Great if you're keen on saving $. If you don't like it then go to one of the many nearby cafes or soulless big name coffee houses. This is a great budget option and I would recommend it to others.	
Jan 5 2007	Adequate accomodations good price	Hotel des Arts is in a very old building with very old carpets and a very old elevator. The rooms are &quot;clean&quot; but not squeaky clean (i.e. I found an old bar of dried up soap under the bathtub- how long had it been there?!). The bathrooms are small, whether you have your own or share. The tubs are claw-foot without spots to set your shampoo, etc. The wash basin is in the sleeping area and also small and old fashioned. The staff is unfriendly, but not exactly rude. There are major positives here though. Many of the rooms have a frige and microwave, which was really convenient on a week long stay. The art is contemporary and interesting and EVERYWHERE. Every wall/ door of our room was painted and we really enjoyed it. There was a small closet in the room. The location is perfect. The breakfast is meager, but available every morning and FREE- an easy thing to grab a coffee and bagel in the AM, head back upstairs and get ready for the day. The bed was comfortable as were the linens. Overall, we felt like it was a great deal for the price in an otherwise expensive city. It's not fancy in any way, but many others like us (20's-30's, more interested in the city than in the hotel, appreciative of art even when it's not mainstream) seemed to be having an ok time too. Oh, we did ask for a &quot;quiet&quot; room as others have suggested and had no problem with early morning garbage collection noise. Maybe we were easy to impress after sleeping on the floor of the Grand Canyon and in a tent, freezing our butts off over the Pacific, but we'd definitely return here if the price was as good as what we paid this time.	
Dec 17 2006 	Stay Away - Confirmed bookings DO NOT guarantee rooms!	Everything horrible you've heard about this place is all TRUE! Our party of 6 had booked and received confirmed reservations 3 MONTHS before our trip in Oct for 3 rooms. After a long 20 hours flight, we arrived at the Hotel only to be informed that our bookings have &quot;mysteriously&quot; been cancelled - despite us having confirmed reservations. The unhelpful girl at reception was totally unapologetic and couldn't give an explanation of how this could have happened. All she could say was &quot;Your bookings have been cancelled.&quot; Obviously, we were a little surprised to hear that and asked by whom. Her nonchalant reply was &quot;I don't know. We were informed to cancel it and we did.&quot; How's that for service??? The worse thing was we had arrived in the midst of Oracle's biggest conference for the year and most hotels were fully booked - as the girl at reception informed us, without a single bit of apology! Thus, we spent the first few hours of our trip to the US on the phone frantically calling hotels. If you are thinking of booking a room here - think again! Go to Hotel Fusion, which we did - the folks were super helpful, even a little apologetic that they could only give us 2 rooms for 6 of us instead of 3 (which we took as it was the only decent accommodation we could find). The Hotel des Arts and its staff totally spoiled the beginning of our 3 week holiday in the US, but the Hotel Fusion and its wonderful staff gave us a memorable stay. Go there!	
Oct 31 2006 	Saty away from this hotel	Upon arrival we encountered a very unfriendly man behind the desk and he would not change his attitude for the rest of our stay. We felt not welcome at all. We first had a room at the side of the hotel facing an alley filled with garbage containers (room 403). Every night the garbage was collected at 3.00 am and we were awake. We changed rooms. Now we were facing a big wall with other rooms of the hotel and other guests could look directly into our room because the blinds did not cover the whole window (and we could look into their rooms and baths). No daylight at all. The room was not clean, had no airco and was totally worn out, just like our first room. They've &quot;pimped&quot; the hotel with murals they called &quot;art&quot; just to cover the horrible state of the hotel. Breakfast was a laugh. Very poor. The only good thing is the location of the hotel. What a dump!	
Oct 24 2006 	Horrible Hotel	The rooms are rather small. While the quilt and sheets were nice, the mattress was terrible. It was very thin and gave no support!As is not uncommon in San Francisco, there was no air conditioning in this hotel. There was also no ceiling fan, etc. (i.e., no air circulation except via open window). My room the first night overlooked an alley with garbage dumpsters. The garbage trucks came at 4:30 am. Because of this, I moved to a different room the second night. From that room I would have been able to walk out onto a section of the roof. Unfortunately, so could anyone in five other rooms. Therefore, it was not safe to leave my window open for air circulation.There was no where to put soap, shampoo, etc. in the shower/tub. I finally ended up setting things on the toilet seat and had to reach around the shower curtain to get them.The elevator was small. I noticed that the last elevator inspection was in 2004 and the elevator permit had expired in 2005. (I was there in Oct. 2006.)Also, you should note that each room is painted by local artists. Some are much worse than others. The painting in my second room was quite nice, but the first room was rather scary. All in all, I do NOT recommend this hotel!	
Oct 14 2006	Hotel Cancelled Reservation at Last Second	Knowing that San Francisco would be very busy in the middle of October, my wife and I booked our room here 2 months in advance. Eight days before our trip, we confirmed our reservation. The next day they called and said that they were &quot;under construction&quot; and could not accomodate. The hotel said we were one of three that they had to cancel. They offered no help in helping us find other hotels. Due to Fleet Week and other conventions in the city, there were only two hotel rooms left in the city (I called them all!). We ended up paying twice as much a night for a run down motel. Coincidently, we did find the hotel and stopped in - only to find NO CONSTRUCTION! It's interesting that on a busy weekend where $200/night is the going rate, our room at $100/night is cancelled.Stay at this super shady hotel at your own risk!!!	
Oct 13 2006	Eccentric hotel loved the service	Although I found the hotel's eccentric paintings interesting, the best part about the hotel was the service. I stayed for 5 days with my partner and was always greeted and given tips on how to best get around the city. The manager also made us feel very welcome on the day we arrived, a feeling which continued even until the day we left. We truly felt like it was a home away from home, a place we could look forward to coming back to after a long day of sight seeing.	
Oct 11 2006 	A quaint hotel in SF city	What a quaint hotel in the heart of San Francisco! The walls are covered in local art work, the staff is knowledgeable and helpful, the location superb. Located right infront of the China Town Gate, right next to Belden Alley, 5 minute walk to Union Square...if you want to see the city without speding a ton of money on accomodations and yet sink into the most COMFY bed, this is definitely the choice. I've stayed here every time I've come to SF and it has never let me down. It is a must stay for those budget conscious travelers. The price and location can not be beat!	
Oct 11 2006	Great Budget Stay	My husband and I have stayed here twice and were satisfied both times. No bedbugs either time, nice, clean rooms and a great price. We liked the central location, although we did walk through some shady areas to get there, it is San Francisco! We didn't speak much to the staff other than asking for an extra pillow. They were helpful when we did. The free internet was great since we always carry our laptop. If you are looking for something a little away from the norm, a 180 from a days inn or motel 6, this is the place for you.	
Oct 5 2006 	Not worthy of price!	From the description on their website you would think you'd be staying in an &quot;upscale, boutique&quot; hotel. It was a far cry from that. I booked a &quot;suite&quot; for a 5 nite stay. I could only get 2 beds and fridge/micro if I booked a suite. I thought the price was steep (and they raised it on weekends!) but I figured it was a &quot;suite&quot; and would be well worth it. Upon check in at the hotel the front desk person was somewhat rude and things went downhill from there. In our &quot;suite&quot; the room with the 2 dbl beds was VERY cramped. And the beds were just on elevated platforms. I felt like I was in a DORM ROOM and paying an outrageous price. The beds were NOT comfortable at all. The bathroom was even worse. So small you could hardly move AND fixtures/tub/sink were extremely old and seemed dirty. Nice old, clawfoot bathtub but that was about it. Front desk folks were not helpful at all. Original 5 nite stay went to 1 nite and booked another hotel that was much nicer and more reasonably priced.. Wasn't about to pay that kind of money for a dorm room and one that needed upgrading. Not even a dresser in either room. The hotel location is good and that is about all I can say.	
Sep 19 2006	Not impressed	We stayed here for 4 nights in September. The first suite we had smelled really nasty, the &quot;artwork&quot; wouldn't look out of place in the dirty alleyway that the window faced onto and the bath leaked. We moved into another room the next morning, which the staff were very friendly about, and although it was a big improvement it was still a disappointment.The hotel, as other reviews state, is really more like an overpriced hostel in a very old building. The carpets are ancient, the rooms small, a bit grubby and the bathrooms are tiny.What you see on the website is the reception area, which is really nice, bright and clean.....the rooms are far from that.We will not be back.	
Sep 15 2006 	Kitsch-Free Good Value	We scoured the web before chancing upon the Hotel des Arts. Everything else we saw at the budget end was nauseatingly tizzy (floral bedspreads - ick!), so the appeal of this boutique/concept hotel was instant. The shtick is that they invited local artists to paint the rooms - and the 2 guest rooms we saw were imaginatively executed. There is also some great artwork lining the corridors.We arrived on a Friday night for a 3 night stay. The place was well located close to Union Square. First 2 nights were in a room on the 2nd floor at the rear of the building. This was one of their budget, shared-bathroom, artist-painted room (you have to request those when you book as not all have been painted). The room was great, with a comfortable queen-sized bed, tv, fridge, closet and wash-basin. There is also free wi-fi on every floor which came in handy.We found the room very hot and stuffy though, and the windows were double-glazed and hence unopenable. With no air-con I imagine the place must get stiflingly hot in the summer. On our first night - the noise from the Irish bar down the lane kept us up until 2:30am as it was. There was a lot of yelling and drunken carrying on, and emptying of bins. Thankfully it was better the following night (Saturday), from which we concluded that the bar was a popular spot during the working week but not so much on weekends. On our 3rd night we had to move to a more expensive, private-bathroom room (the hotel was full). This was an internal room overlooking a light-well and was generally quieter. The windows were openable this time, but strangely the room remained a lot warmer than it was outside. Again, the artwork was great, and it was nice to have a tub to soak in. However the bed wasn't nearly as comfortable as the previous room's - there were clearly visible lumps. I brought this to the attention of the manager on duty when we checked out the next morning and she said she would make a note of it. We didn't really feel the room was worth double the cost of the other, and would have gladly stayed in the cheaper room had it been an option.Overall a pleasant experience - would definitely stay here again. Just a dressed-up old doss house truth be told, but I'm a sucker for a gimmick.	
Aug 1 2006 	you can definitely do better	We spent 3 nights in Hotel des Arts, in a shared room and it was the most disappointing accomodation experience of the 17 nights spent in the USA, including cheap road side motels, hotels, etc.It is safe and it has a great location, near Union Square and China Town, but as others before have put it, it is an overpriced dirty motel, trying to fool you with &quot;art&quot;. Some rooms may have art, and there is definitely an artistic vibe in the hotel, but our room was just a strident eye-soaring grafitti. I'd say there is more pretence than the real thing in there.The room did not have A/C and in a hot July, this was really unpleasant. The second thing that most disturbed me, is that most things in the room were old, worn-out, shady and----dirty!! The old sink was dirty, with a crust of soap and...other things and the shared shower was a disaster, I was really freaked to go inside there for a second time. I am really not the very pretentious type though:D. The hotel itself had this aura of old, worn-out, shady.The breakfast is just a broken promise, old bagels and some coffee....The staff was OK, I guess, no major issues.These were very basic conditions (CLEAN is the first thing I expect in any accomodation, before it has arts, food, ammenities and God knows what) sold at not-so-very-basic prices. We will not go there again, I am sure we can find better or cheaper accomodation. It was not the most terrbile place on earth, but the price/value was really unfair	
Jul 24 2006 	Big Disappointment	What's good: Great location, comfortable enough bed. What's bad: no AC or fan in the middle of July = no sleep, walls painted in junkie crash pad Snake Pit style--a real grafitti artist would have been embarassed; black paint spashes in the toilet bowl look like--well, you know. Icing on the cake: If you go outside --you might not be able to get back in. Since Reception is on the second floor, be prepared to experience standing in the doorway like a homeless person until you're lucky enough for another guest to exit. For $109 a night plus $24 for parking, it's not such a great deal, and really disappointing as an art experience.	
Jul 4 2006	Wonderful stay	In the heart of the financial district right down the street from China Town and within walking distance to Little Italy, this hotel is a diamond in the ruff of cheap hotels. We stayed in the Madonna room, which was clean, quiet and a perfect location for tourists. A Starbucks is located on each corner and there's many shops from high end to dirt cheap, as well as many restaurants. The hotel staff was cordial but not intrusive. A complimentary continental breakfast is a bonus at less than $100 per night, which is rare in San Fran. There are rooms with shared bathrooms, so be careful if you like your privacy. We opted for a room with a private R.R. Also note that this is a non-smoking facility and you will be charged $250 if you violate the policy. Although it's inconvenient for smokers, the rooms don't smell like ashtrays. You can never tell what you might get when booking online but we were pleasantly surprised. The art is really funky and cool to look at - it's all over every room and hallways as well and explains the history of the artists and is available for sale. The staff also helped us book a ride back to the airport (about 15 minutes early in the morning to get there). Overall, a great stay and I would absolutely recommend this hotel.	
Jun 29 2006 	Photos misleading bed bugs staff not friendly	We stayed at this hotel for two nights while recently in San Fran. Be warned the photos you see of this place on the web and in magazines make it look A LOT nicer that it really is. Art hotel, sure. Boutique hotel, noooo way!Rooms are surely individual and uniquely painted, but that is all that they have going for them. Contemporary beds and the room furniture were nothing more than plywood construction w/ a nice coat of black paint. At least our chair was from Ikea. The carpet is dingy + we wore sandals the entire time for fear of foot-born illness. There was graffiti on our toilet seat. Sick. I can't imagine what it would have been like had we not splurged for the private bath.Worst of all...I woke up in the middle of the night w/ really itchy legs. After being awakened at 6:30 am by someone using a saw in the building next door, I noticed my calves and thighs were covered in bites that i didn't have prior to getting into be there. Bed bugs to the max!!! We found the staff to be quite unhelpful and not friendly. They seemed like they just don't want to be there. This place is totally a hostel in disguise. Setup and facilities aside, be aware of the lack of cleanliness. Take your money + go elsewhere.	
Jun 22 2006	Don't judge a book by its cover!!!	My husband and I were travelling from Tokyo to San Francisco, then Phoenix, Arizona and on to Vancouver, Canada..back to Tokyo...this was our summer vacation, 2005.First stop, Hotel des Arts....the saying &quot;Dont judge a book by its cover&quot;..applies perfectly to this hotel..Dont be fooled by the unassuming facade...which does not do justice to what awaits you inside...We were given the suite room..and of course, it has all the amenities of an above average hotel suite...what amazed us was how they were able to come up with this unique idea of painting the walls and everything (instead of wallpapers, etc)..including the water pipes...they were all painted with coordinated designs...even the shower curtains...ha ha ha you could see they were hand-painted to incorporate the overall design of the room...it was so amusing looking at them, at the walls and the ceiling..even as you lie in bed...It has not stopped us from smiling everytime we come back from the city..The hotel location is also just perfect--walking distance to everything---and the hotel staff were so attentive to the guests...We were shown around the different rooms, and really, the paintings-motif in each room were terrific. Different motif for honeymooners and romantics, for middle-age couples (like us), for carefree tourists, etc...We have and still are travelling all over the world.. stayed in mostly big, classy hotels...but Hotel des Arts is our first experience of an artsy-boutique hotel..and the experience was unforgettable. Of course, we intend to stay there again, next trip around...Kudos Hotel des Arts....	
Jun 21 2006	a mini treasure in SF	I've stayed here everytime that I've travelled to SF. How can you not love the location, the art, the quirkiness, the uniqueness of this little gem of a hotel? The art fabulously showcases local artists and talents.. as all art would be, they evoke such emotions and yes raised eyebrows too. The location is prime; right by the Chinatown gate, walking distance (really safe walking area too) to Union Square, the Financial District, the Embarcadero, etc. If your intent is to stay in a resort while you visit SF, then don't stay here. If your intent is to use all the time you have to explore the 'City by The Bay' and come 'home' to a comfy bed to rest up at an incredibly economical price... then THIS HOTEL IS IT. This hotel is for the adventurers and explorers at heart.. my favorite little gem of the SF.	
Jun 19 2006	very good value for your money	It amazes me on peoples expectations from a hotel for the price they paid. My wife and I stayed here recently and paid about $80 a night for a room with a bathroom(you can get rooms with shared baths). I guess people expect Hilton service for Motel 6 prices which IS NOT GOING TO HAPPEN. For $80 a night in an expensive city like SF, $80 gets me a clean, safe, and somewhat quite hotel. I dont expect a continental breakfast, spa products for the bath, or a bell hop. I knew from the tone of the negative reviews that I had to take what they said with a grain of salt.On to the hotel.The location of the hotel is what sells it. You are right there by Chinatown and about 10 min. walk to union square. We even walked to North beach and it took anout 15-20 min.One of the best bars I've been to is just a few steps away called the Irish Bank. Great music and great beer. It was fun watching the world cup games with the mostly non-american crowd(they really get into the games and it makes soccer enjoyable!).The room was small like most SF hotel rooms. The bed was a little on the hard side, but inline with the price we paid. As was the towels and soap that the others compained about. All were in line with what we paid. It was nice to have a mini fridge in the room. We bought some cherrys on the drive up and stored them and some wine. It was nice to come back after sightseening and getting a little buzz on. It did get a little noisy in the morning because of some contruction across the street, but it did not bother us as we get out early.The front desk was easy to deal with as well. The young lady during the afternoon and evening shift was such a big help. She pointed out great resturants in the area and also pointed out the Irish Bank, which we liked very much. The others were also helpful and made checking out very easy. We checked out before 10am and we overheard a couple complain that they could not check in. Check in was at 3pm and the front desk offered to hold their luggage and they could come back. A very reasonable offer, but I guess there are many UNreasonable people out there. Who checks in at 10am anyway?? Go out for breakfast and walk around for godsake!So if you are on a budget this is a great deal. Looking to be pampered, go to Hilton or Ritz.	
Jun 2 2006	Perfect for a one-night stay	These are pretty basic accomodations, but they do add some interest! Many of the rooms are painted by artists. Our room, which was one of the lower-priced rooms, was decorated by an artist - the motif was &quot;college dorm room from the 70s&quot;. Really very interesting. The bathroom was okay. There was no air conditioning (but that wasn't a problem for us in the beginning of May). The location was great for us. Kind of between Chinatown, the Financial District, and Union Square.	
May 19 2006	god help your eyes if you get the wrong room	Each room has its own &quot;art&quot; with some rooms happy and some downright depressing, Rooms are small, and hotel is very funky: you get to the reception fastest by walking a flight up otherwise taking caged elevator ride.The best thing about this hotel is that it is very well located. Clientele appeared very casually dressed, and either mid twenties with a few budget conscious old intellectual wannabees.Breakfast (wisked away by 9:30am) is spare self-sevice where by balancing a coffee bagel and plastic cup of juice on one of three plastic stools you may consider yourself one of the lucky ones.	
May 15 2006	fun quirky great locale	A fun, quirky hotel with the art thing as their catch. We had a suite, the beds were comfortable, but the pull out couch was so-so. Very hard to set up. Bathroom was small. The art work was funky and gave the room personality. The hotel had an intimate european feel to it, complete with a creaky old fashion &quot;cage&quot; elevator, which I liked. The big plus is location. Practically out our door was Chinatown. BART is just a few blocks away and it was an easy ride from the airport to the hotel using BART. Most everything was either a good walk, public transport, or cable car ride away. Would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 14 2006 	The Art is Great; The Hotel Isn't	This little hotel has a great gimmick--a different artist painting each room and suite. The work is interesting and fits the rooms well, but the hotel owners seem to have decided that the gimmick is all they need.The rooms are drafty and noisy; the towels are thin; the only amenity is cheap motel 6 soap; the carpets are dingy and stained; the wireless was set up by the manager, who apparently isn't an IT person, and is erratic at best.Maid service is poor; there was no evidence that they vacuumed during the entire week of our stay; the stopper for the tub in our room was covered in black mold.I stayed in both a room and a suite. The artwork was cool, but it's a shame these artists are now associated with the hotel.	
Apr 7 2006	GREAT FIND GREAT ROOMS GREAT LOCATION	I was overall extremely pleased with this hotel. My fiance and I stayed there 2 of the 3 nights we were in San Francisco (they were completely booked the middle night). The rooms are small, but this is made up for by the beautiful art. It is amazing to stay in such a unique and beautiful place surrounded with art when most hotel rooms are identical. The rooms all felt very &quot;real&quot; - very solid, well built, etc. The location was also fantastic - right in the center of it all - near BART, shopping, trolley lines, theatres, ACROSS the street from Chinatown, and a brisk walk away from the piers and Fisherman's Wharf. I was unsatisfied with the following things, though:1. The Reservation System. This was extremely poorly set up. You can't reserve specific rooms (each is completely different, painted by different artists, and some are MUCH more fun than others). While you can &quot;request&quot; a room, it is not garaunteed, they can't tell you if it hasn't been requested already. I ended up staying both nights in rooms I was not thrilled with, instead of the ones I requested.2. Make reservations well in advance. I called a month ahead, and they were already well booked.3. The continental breakfast is sad. Icky orange juice, coffee, and stale bread next to a toaster was all that greeted me. Plan on eating elsewhere. 4. The service isn't great. Of the 5-6 different front desk people I spoke with, only one was nice. The others were brisk, snooty, and on the verge of rude. Also, our room wasn't ready at 3:00 (check in time). As we got there 30 mins early, we ended up waiting and hour and a half (4:00) for our room.I would recommend this hotel. Just keep this factors in mind if you decide to stay.	
Apr 5 2006	Not too shabby not too grand	This little, funky hotel is near the center of Union Square and right on the edge of Chinatown. It is a wonderful location for centralized sightseeing. We stayed in the first suite on the first floor of rooms’ right by the hotel check-in desk. The room was clean, the beds comfortable with good pillows and had we needed it there was a microwave and mini-fridge. There is a DVD player and two TV’s; we had some real neat artwork all over our room and a simple continental breakfast of bagels and muffins. The downfalls; the buzzer to get into the hotel sounds like a quickie mart (&quot;Thank you come again!&quot;), our room was directly behind the neon sign causing the entire room to light up all night long with no chance of darkness to take over. Overall not a bad place, do not know with all the places to try that I would stay here again though. It was not a bad experience, but I am sure we can have a better one somewhere else.	
Mar 12 2006 	One of the best hotels in San Francisco - Very Artistic	I was lucky enough to be able to reserve the suite of the brazilian artist Regis Silva &amp; Bloum (500/501).I had the oportunity to see many other painted rooms in the hotel, to me Regis &amp; Bloum was the best. His work is three-dimensional, the breast of his painting cames out almost a foot of the paintings. I saw his web site and it was pretty interesting. The artist Regis Silva, has a certain popularity here in the US. ALso I checked the work of Bloum, the French Artist who collaborated with him in this master piece mural. She works with plastic bags. It seemed like that she stills the print from the bag and overlay them of top of each other in a canvas or wall.To me it was to most interesting hotel that I ever stayed. It is full of colors and happiness. Very bright and elegant. I loved the babies on the top of the cabinets in the bathroom and living room. ---	
Nov 19 2005	Good location that's all	The Hotel is located in a very old building. They tryed to use some paint, but some fixtures are just plain old (specially the bathroom). The location is excelent, just across the street from the Chinatown entrance, and very near the cable car lines. The staff is nice, but they had a mix-up with our reservations. We ended up staying in a room with private bath, but plain - not painted by an artist. The concept is wonderful: to live inside art - but it can't hide the oldeness of the building. The complimentary breakfast is just that, and you don't have where to sit. It's a good value for San Francisco, though.	
Nov 16 2005	good value for the money	I stayed at the hotel before when it was the Alisa. I got this room off of Priceline. The hotel appears to have renovated its rooms, including the bathrooms. While I was a little nervous from my previous trip to the Alisa, I was pleasantly suprised. Not that this is the Ritz-Carlton, but my room had a mini-fridge and microwave, with a bathtub and shower curtain around it. I would stay here again if I needed a budget destination.	
Oct 20 2005	A little gem	This place shines like a gem. I've travelled on all continents and have never seen anything quite like this place. Definitely, book one of the artist room - you need to book it directly with the hotel, but it is a very cool experience. You can check out the rooms on their website and then request a specific one. We stayed in the &quot;Unabomber&quot; room and our friends stayed in Kelly Ording's room - I'd highly recommend either.	
Oct 18 2005	Don't Count On It	Sounded like a fun and interesting place. Made a reservation through travel website. Three days before arrival reservation got cancelled-- because of 'water/construction'. Sounded strange. Called hotel (anonymously) and asked for a reservation that same night. No problem. Moral of the story--basically, the hotel cancelled my reservation to sell it at a higher price to someone else, but didn't have the decency to tell the truth and made up some story about water problems. Then had to find an available room in San Francisco for a Friday night three days before arrival.	
Sep 9 2005 	Unique Hotel Stay in SF	I enjoyed the unique artwork in the lobby, hallways and in my room. The staff is friendly and helpful. The bagels in the morning are great. My room was quiet and restful. The bed was very comfortable. The hotel is close enough to the Financial area that I could walk to my office.	
Aug 26 2005	Artist haven	Our stay at the Hotel des Arts was all it promised. The painted rooms are an absolute delight - we tested two of them - both very different and exciting. I was desperate to see them all and would happily have spent each night of our 7 nights in a different one. I caught tantalising glimpses of art work in adjacent rooms through the elegant venetian blinds - enough to make me want to visit again, if I wasn't going to be arrested for peeping. As luck would have it one female guest allowed me to see her room and I reciprocated and when the manager and owner were showing an artist visitor around I rudely invited myself to &quot;take the tour&quot;. Finally, when we changed rooms we left our bags in one of the suites, small but perfectly formed.The beds were amongst the most comfortable I have experienced in any hotel (or at home) - big fluffy pillows to lean back on and enjoy the painting. The cleanliness was beyond reproach and I loved the bathtub on feet. Staff were friendly and efficient, made us feel as if we belonged and remembered our names, and which room we were in/moving to.The music in the lobby and lift was great too. The complimentary breakfast simple but ample - a choice of bagels with the usual cream cheese/butter and jam/orange juice and coffee/teaNow, how soon can I get back to SFO? And the Hotel des Arts..........	
Aug 26 2005	Would stay there again	Loved it!! The unique concept and decor of the hotel made my stay truly memorable and interesting. The staff and manager were very amicable and helped me with my check in even though I had misplaced my travel documents and took a while to find them. They continued to be helpful and friendly throughout my stay as well, which made me very satisfied with their service and interaction. The room I stayed in was a painted room in a pleasant pastel yellow, orange and white, while the beddings were clean and tidy. This surprised me as I had been to the hotel's website and expected the hotel itself to not live up to the glossy photos they had put up...however it did, and I am very much impressed with the art in my room, and the general presentation of everything else within the hotel, which was simple yet unique. The location of the hotel was also very convenient for it was within walking distance to most everything I wanted to see while in San Francisco.	
Aug 25 2005	Perfect Little Hotel	We're not a big fan of large chain hotels and we really loved the location of this hotel (Bush and Grant). The hotel was small, personable, and very unique. The art was great, we found ourselves walking all the floors looking at the paintings and plaquards outside the rooms (we took like 10 pictures of our room alone). I definitely recommend asking for a painted room. The room itself was great and the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom had an antique feel to it (claw-footed tub). The staff was friendly and the overall experience was excellent. My girlfriend and I will definitely be going back.	
Aug 22 2005	Reasonably priced convenient	I enjoyed the uniqueness of the hotel. The rooms were &quot;surface&quot; clean but could stand to be &quot;deep&quot; cleaned, layers of dust behind and under bed, carpet dusty. Staff was reasonably helpful but didn't go out of there way. I appreciated my son having his own small room next to ours (he loved it). The refrigerator and microwave were a definite plus also. Room was kind of noisy from street traffic. Can't beat it for the price and location if you don't intend to spend alot of time in the room.	
Aug 19 2005	Is room 205 haunted?	I had a pretty good experience with the hotel. I wasn't impressed with the 3:00 check in time so don't arrive early. Overall my stay was pleasnt there where some things that could have been better but it's not the staff's fault. Some of the staff was rude during there &quot;breakfast&quot; time by not letting my wife have any a little after 9:30 when it's supposedly over. I did take a couple pics of my room and have some weird orb's floating arround the pic. On my last night there some people arrived and made a big rcket at 1 in the morning and totally had no respect for anyone. The staff took care of it though.	
Aug 9 2005	Minimalist for sure!	Very old and dirty. Room carpet dirty. Sink in bedroom old, right side spigot stripped, soap dish rusty. When bedroom window open for ventilation could hear person in next room snorring! Bathroom down hall dirty. No place to leave used towels (which you had to bring from your room), when I left used towel in bathroom it was still there next day, along with used soap bars from other people etc. I would not stay in this hotel again.	
Aug 4 2005	Perfect for our lifestyle	We weren't looking for anything fancy since we knew we'd be out on the town rather than in a hotel room during our trip, and this place fit us perfectly. Creativity abounds here, its minimalistic style is tasteful and artistic, the bed comfortable, and all amenities as described. It has the youthful energy of a hostel with the privacy of a hotel. We couldn't have designed a more suitable place ourselves.	
Jul 29 2005 	very cheap	I just needed a place to sleep for five hours so this hotel was an unbeatable deal at $59 a night. The bed was clean and comfy. There was a iron in the room so that was convenient. I was very concerned about the shared bathroom at first but it was clean and there was never a wait. If you are not a high maintainance person and just looking for a place to sleep then this will do.	
Jul 28 2005	Besides BLOOD SPLATTER on the WALL!...it was great :(	need i say more?! from the time i arrived on friday until sunday when i checked out. there was BLOOD slattered on the wall of my room! rm 306. now the design of the room was a splattered effect. blues, yellows, black and white. NO RED! I made them aware of the problem right when I 1st saw the room on friday night. they still failed to correct the issue. it seemed to be of no importance. i finally got them to agree to comp one night of my stay, but here it is thruday of the following week. a week later, and im still awaiting a call back from the general manager Hero. who ive left several messages w/!!!! thier customer service skill are horrible! while waiting in line to complain! i overheard the front desk rep tell a woman that had another compaint! &quot;well, i wasnt here yesterday, so thats not my problem...&quot; unbelievable! maybe if the problem had been resolved quickly i would be able to give a better review of the hotel, BUT since i was dealling w/ the same issue the entire stay i can not.....stay at your own risk.	
Jul 27 2005	clever concept but stuffy room noisy	looks much more elegant on website. clever decorating but no air conditioning so room was stuffy. a small fan would've been sufficient. had to open window for some air and heard every little noise from other rooms. fun if you don't need alot of sleep, just a cool place to stay. not for kids or older folks.	
Jul 21 2005 	loved it!	I love Hotel Des Arts. I am so in love with the old, honest charm of it, the beautifully painted rooms, the wonderfully antique (though sometimes cumbersome) lift, and even the simple breakfasts of bagels and tea.The staff was friendly, and the rooms were all clean and comfortable, some even with a microwave, which was a major plus point for me.i love how under the radar this hotel is. it's like making your own hip discovery.The prices were very reasonable too. So I'd definitely reccommmend it. In fact, I hope to feature the hotel in my architectural and design magazine, ISH.	
Jul 19 2005	Room 310....not your average witchcraft room	I'm going to do two reviews because I stayed in two rooms while at the Hotel. Overall, the hotel is charming and is VERY well located. You're close to Chinatown and Union Square, and within walking distance of so many good restaurants. The staff is very nice and really helpful.The first night, I stayed in Room 310. Upon entering, I thought, &quot;Okayyyy, this is kind of creepy.&quot; The art itself is kind of dark, making the room more so. Above the bed is a painting of a dark mountain (maybe?) and six hands reaching out from the darkness. I thought they looked like the palm reader's hands, which then made me think of witchcraft. There were these circles all over that looked sort of like the American Indian dreamcatchers. It was dark, it was creepy, but overall I could have lived with it if I had to. The bathroom was old and dirty. The medicine cabinet would not open, and the sink was the old fashioned kind with two separate spigots for hot &amp; cold water and no plug for the drain. The bathtub wasn't the best, either. Again, I could have lived with it, except that there were paintings of what looked like ALIEN SKULLS all around the perimeter of the room!!! Imagine having that stare at you while you do your business!The best, though, was the closet. Open the closet door and you will find faces looking out at you--a large scary face with devilish red eyes, a face under his with sad eyes, looking like he's regurgitating something (or sucking someone's soul out). On the right is a large profile of a face, and in its background is a hillside with many.....little....crosses.....why, it kind of looks like a cemetery! Imagine that!They couldn't change my room the first night because they were fully booked. however, the manager (Hero) was very accomodating and managed to change me to Room 210 for my next night. Upon staying in 210, I realized that 310 did not have a microwave, or other things that 210 had. So I guess if I had to base my review on my stay in Room 310, I'd have to say it was like descending into the bowels of hell and you'd be hard pressed to make me stay there again. Needless to say, I slept with all the lights on that night. But my review &amp; photos of Room 210 tell a different story!	
Jul 14 2005 	Run Away! Run AWAY!!!	I had a horrible experience. The website completedly overstated the hotel. Even with the great sell-job by the website, I still tried to lower my expectations as I knew the hotel was likly old and the price was &quot;too good to be true&quot;.Despite my lowered expectations, I was appauled. I can handle old, but not old and dirty. This was gross. What I thought was a underpriced value turned out to be a very overpriced hostel.The website suggested a shared bathroom for every few rooms. it turned out that there was one very small shower and two toilets per floor --all of which needed a VERY thorough cleaning.I received a painted room when I checked in. Unfortunately, it wasn't art. It was more like a seen from a horror movie where the police enter the vacant apartment of the serial killer -- very dark and frankly scary. Also, the odor of oil-based paint was overwhelming (room 405).Fortunately, I was able to move to an unpainted room, but unfortunately, the filth continued. I had to wear my shoes as slippers the entire time because the carpet was so bad. The very small sink in my room was one of those old-fashioned (certainly original to the hotel) sinks with separtate water spouts for hot and cold. But they had no drain stopper so that the water could be mixed -- Regardless, I wouldn't have used the stopper because the sink was so dirty that I only wanted to touch the water straight out of the spout.Alas, the elevator was out of service and walking up and down the spiral staircase with luggage was the cherry on top of quite an experience -- thank goodness I was only there for two nights.	
Jun 30 2005	Hotel Des Blah	I guess i'll just get to the facts here about what we experienced. Be very aware that there is only one shower per floor. and two bathrooms per floor. It's true that this is an overpriced Hostel. Also, there is no A/C, but when you crack the window open, there are no screens, so you worry about opening the window to an alley full of trash bins (will bugs crawl in?). Along with trash bins outside your window is a shady massage parlor (what businesses work out of an alley entrance?). The room was not impressive at all, with old furniture, and the &quot;painted&quot; room I had was painted white and blue, and even the plastic chair was painted white and blue, and we were supposed to be convinced that this was &quot;art.&quot; I was actually embarrassed that i was misled by the website. Once we got in, we immediately had to have the sheets changed, since they were soiled. I mentioned to the housekeeper (when she was changing our sheets) that I had read reviews about the hotel (bed-bugs, sheets, alley), and hoped that I had a better experience. A few minutes later, when I walked down the hallway to take a shower, I overheard her reporting me to the front desk manager, in a negative manner. Of course, at this point, I was the bad guy! So, to redeem myself, I did inform the manager about the reviews I read, and told him it was my hope to have a wonderful experience. He ignored me and did not respond. I had even called a month ahead of time to reserve a painted room, as you are supposed to do, but when I got there they simply said &quot;sorry.&quot; So don't get your hopes up on getting one of the rooms in the misleading website. What's good about this hotel however is its location, which is central to shopping and public transportation. There is also an excellent new wine-tasting lounge around the corner to enjoy. Ask for Joel, she is great. But aside from location and a nice-looking lobby, don't come with high expectations, and remember to bring your flip-flops to shower in, and know that parking is $24 dollars a day. Don't expect friendly staff (including housekeepers!). There are many other hotels in the vicinity, I would suggest you scout around before deciding on the Hotel Des &quot;Artes&quot;	
Jun 30 2005 	ok but dirty	The design of the hotel was very original and prices very reasonable. However a major problem was the bathroom. It was old which is acceptable, but cleaning something that hasn't been done correctly for like months. There were dirty greasy soap rests allover the bathtub and the sink and during my stay they only changed the towls but never cleaned it. I think they should take care of that as I really liked the hotel and the friendly staff.	
Jun 29 2005	Everythings were good but .....	Me and my wife has lived in Des arts Hotel for two nights, and we have made some comments on it, and they are:1. Reasonable price2. Unique decoration3. Near China town, Union Square4. Comfortable bed5. Clean, tidy room6. Vendor machine inside the hotel7. Polite, helpful staff8. Rare anitique ................ Passenger lift9. No need for morning call, because you could get up at every day 0400 when the truck collect the garbage (punctuality is ---- good)10. You could hear every sentence at the back street when someone come out from the pub (24 hours)11. Fortunately, no ghost appear12. Unforgettable memoryAnyway, this is a wonderful trip for me in San Francisco, and thanks for the Des arts hotel gave me a place to sleep.	
Jun 27 2005	Best Little Live-In Gallery In Town!	It's interesting to see how reviews can differ from one traveler to the next!Some how I believe that it's the difference in the the reviewer, not the difference in experiences. It turns out that I was staying at aproximatelly the same time as the previous couple reviewers who seemed to have quite differing experiences. I thought the Hotel Des Art was great. The fun of having so much art around and friendly staff was great. I was in the David DeRosa designed room and found it exhilarating to return each day to a one of a kind special room insted of the same old usual decor of the run of the mill hotel w/ no personallity. I also snuck a peak at a few other Artist Painted Rooms and they were as exciting as the extensive {every 3 month} changing art on all of the five floor's hallways and lobby. The last reviewer stated that there was no Elevator - which wasn't true maybe they somehow didn't see the classic small equally decorated Otis which made it to every floor. And I was there the night that construction was going on all night across the street -but it turns out that the city would only alow such foundation concrete work to take place at off hours because it was a busy main traffic artery (the Des Art had no control &amp; greatly apologized).  I would have stay at this hotel at a much larger rate but the fact that it was inexpensive at a great location was definately a plus. Eventhough the hotel is right across from the entry to Chinatown the chose in food cuisines was limitless within a few blocks. Being centrally located made it very easy to get anywhere in this well traveled city. It was a very pleasent hotel with a great artistic flair.  The only negitive I could comment on was the initial lack of customer baggage stowage before and after check-in/out. Many of the hotels I've stayed will put your bags in a safe place if they won't be able to check you in early, but upon my early arrival the staff told me that I could leave my stuff there totally out in the open, in the lobby {as many people were doing} but I wasn't too into that (too easy for someone else to lift my stuff along with theirs). So I lugged it all about, for a few hours, and made other plans for stowage w/ my 10 hours between check out &amp; departing flight. Yet, only to find out that day that it was up to the desk person and the weekend person was happy to lock the stuff in an empty room off the lobby if not ocupied.  Well there you have it - I guess it all depends on what you're looking to get out of your travel experience but for me The Des Art was definitely a big plus to my great trip to the city. I look forward to going to SanFran again soon and staying at this Hotel again {&amp; check out another painted room}.	
Jun 27 2005	good value centrally located	the hotel des arts was pleasant and affordable. the murals in each room are unique. the place has a euro/urban vibe. it's very &quot;to the point.&quot; there are no fancy bathrooms or huge luxury suites. it's a great value if you want to stay somewhere clean, affordable, central and unique. don't expect fancy, schmancy linen or chocolates on the pillow. you will find interesting artwork, fascinating guests, continental breakfast, internet access, double-paned windows (i slept like a baby) and a friendly staff...and it does have an elevator. the rooms are pretty small, but if you're in sf, you want to be out and about, not stuck in your hotel room no matter how great it is. if you want to be pampered, treated like you're at a spa, and pay a -------- for hanging out in your hotel room then this is not the place for you. but if you're an art lover, urban dweller, not-freaked out by shared bathrooms, on a budget and a lover of san francisco, the hotel des arts is the perfect place to chill.	
Jun 25 2005	I liked it but I like that sort of thing	I went to SF on business, but arrived the weekend ahead &amp; had to find my own accomodations for a few days. In a snobby, overpriced town, it was a relief to find an unpretentious bastion of reasonable rates in the Hotel des Arts. The rooms weren't huge, but they were clean. There was no AC, but you could open the windows. The art was charming, the staff was helpful, and the whole place had a bohemian feel, a little like roughing it, but with an iron in the closet.	
Jun 20 2005	Not even funny	My husband and I went to California in June 2005.I found the Hotel Des Arts on Expedia and from the pictures it looked like a lot of fun. This hotel reminded my husband and I of an art major struggling to make it through life. To begin, the hotel has no elevator....this was fine for us. Second, there is no air conditioner in any of the rooms, so when we were told, they said they would bring us a fan from the basement. When we walked into the room, it was artsy...but a tad old. The bathroom is what threw us over the edge. It was so old I thought for sure the bathtub would not function. The shower curtain was beyond old. I basically took a shower with my flip flops on the whole time. Truly not what we expected. I would have stayed at the Triton right around the block. I bet they had air conditioners...	
Jun 19 2005	Nice little hotel and friendly people	I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in a room with shared bathroom. That was clean and the white bedding was inviting for a good night sleep. Cute setting, with character. Good price and a safe place very close to the Gate to Chinatown. Great location.The rooms are small, but one did not go to San Francisco to sit in the room anyway. If you want a more quiet place, ask for a room on the 5th floor, and you can take the stairs or take the old fashion elevator.Good price in San Francisco for a good place clean and safe.	
Jun 14 2005 	The art is the best part!	An unusual little gem in the urban heart of it all. The monthly art exhibits, complete with djs, are a true highlight! Stay here and keep some of that hard earned lettuce in your pockets, or splurge on dinner at La Central next door. Loved it all!	
Jun 14 2005	Perfect base	I loved the hotel - it exceeded my expectations - clean, quiet and central, with charming rooms and OK facilities. Electricity, TV a bit wonky at times but it didn't spoil my pleasure at all. A great contrast to the 'chain' hotels I've used before. Fantastic value.	
Jun 13 2005	Noisy Noisy Noisy	From the start, this hotel was problematic. Not all of it was their fault though. There was some major construction going on across the street, so there was a lot of noise that started at 6:30 AM. And there's lots of traffic noise as well. We were given a room right off the lobby, that faces the busy street. And since it was off the lobby, we heard every time when someone came in the place. You have to ring a bell at the street level and then get buzzed in. Heard it all. One of the beds was crammed very close to the window, so you almost fell everytime you needed to go over there. The other big complaint we had was the light in the bathroom. It's covered with red tissue paper, so everything glows red. Kind of hard to get a feel for how your make-up looks when you're bathed in red. It was a pretty good deal, but we were surprised to find out that the parking wasn't included. In fact, we were quoted 3 different prices during this trip. One on-line, another when we arrived, and a third (higher) when we checked out. I still don't know what's up with that. I thought that it was, based on information I'd read on a reservation website. And don't bother with their continetal &quot;breakfast&quot;. It was very meager. Even the tea water and tea choices were bad. Luke warm water and Lipton!?!Bottom line - we'll look elsewhere for our next hotel.	
Jun 5 2005	What a charming hotel!	This is a fantastic hotel for the budget conscious traveler. The art was a super cool feature, something you don't find in many hotels. As were the down filled comforters. My room was very small, which is typical for a San Francisco hotel and if you're traveling as two people I might recommend you get a suite. It's not a lot more money and the extra space is invaluable. This is a CLEAN hotel. The paint is fresh, the rooms are recently renovated and the bedding is comfortable. Staff was very friendly and most helpful. Service is a high priority here. The location is fantastic. 1/2 block from the gates of Chinatown and it's easy to walk to and from the transit stations without having to climb the infamous hills in the city.	
Jun 4 2005	Great Location!	The location of The Hotel des Arts is without a doubt its highlight. The hotel is basic; very clean and small and quaint with a European feel to it. But when the rates are so inexpensive one is not expecting a restaurant and swimming pool. But you step out of the hotel there is a neat little Irish eatery and pub on your right and a Starbucks on your left. Then right across the street diagonaly is The China Town Gate which marks the entrance to China Town. The other way right down the street is the buisness distric and the Transamerica Building. And if you like a nice walk then all the other major San Francisco sites are within a stroll (Fisherman's Warf is only 15 minutes waslk away). If you want a romantic getaway weekend to San Francisco then I would suggest a posher place. But if you are looking at really exploring or touring San Francisco and plan to spend most of your time outside then this hotel is ideal. You can't find a better hotel with this type of location at this very reasonable rate. Save the money you would spend on another expensive hotel and stay at the Hotel des Arts and enjoy San Francisco even longer.	
Jun 3 2005	Very lovely hotel	I really enjoyed my stay at the Hotel des Arts. Our room was fantastic. The paintings on the wall were really enjoyable to look at. Its just a very interesting place to stay. We go to San Francisco every year from New Orleans and I would love to stay there again.	
May 31 2005	Lovely Hotel	I appreciate the atmosphere Hotels, such as the Des Arts provide. I get tired of the blanket Hospital like qualities of many hotels. The des Arts provides that much needed pulse. The room was comfortable and my wife and I immediately felt at home. The shared bathroom, which concerned my wife at first, was not only convenient but we never had to wait to use it. The only concern I had, was the quality of the bagels provided in the morning. I love knowing that I can just hop down the hall or stairs in the morning, and grab my breakfast without having to get dressed and shower, etc. After our first encounter with the bagels I was forced to stray from this connivence. The bagels did not taste bad, but they were brittle and dry. I assume there are plenty of places to get bagels from in SF. I suggest finding a new one. Other than the poor bagel, and that being a minor, almost insignificant detail, I loved the hotel and our stay. Thank you Hotel des Arts, we'll be back!	
May 31 2005	Coolness man	The room was Beautiful and clean. Sharing a bathroom is not a big deal for the price, artistic scenery, and comfort. Bathrooms were clean and accomodating. The only bad thing was figuring where to park. It would have been nice to have valet at this hotel. It would also be good idea to get directions and best prices of garages before hand from the hotel. Another important tip is to bring mosquito repellent because the rooms don't have AC so we opened the window and we got bit up a little.Other than that the whole experience was great.	
May 29 2005	Fresh Art!	As a painter myself, I have been influenced and inspired by many of SanFrancisco's underground and emerging fine artists. I stayed in &quot;Hotel des Arts&quot; specifically for the art, and I was NOT disappointed.	
May 25 2005	Sleepless in San Francisco	We thought the Hotel des Arts was quaint and super clean with simplistic designs and modern lighting that highlighted the artwork that filled the hallways. I thoroughly appreciated the artwork (various modern styles by local artists) but my spouse was not as enthusiastic of its style. We were quite pleased to be upgraded to an artist room but were saddened when we were awaken at 4am to the loud sounds in the alley below - it was a dump truck...picking up recyclable glass. Tumbling and breaking glass is very noisy! We could hear it crash and break piece by piece. This lasted about 45 minutes. It interrupted our sleep and made us miss an early morning of San Francisco sightseeing. Rightfully so, we were both on edge so I asked the front desk attendant if we could be moved to the other side of the hotel but he assured us that the trucks only come twice a week - and never two consecutive nights. He was wrong. We were awaken yet again at 4am the NEXT night! Also, there is no air conditioning in this hotel so if you cannot stand the heat, I do not recommend staying here in the summer months. They have a limited number of floor fans which are available upon request. I'd stay here again as the hotel is it is a clean affordable hotel in a good location but I would definitely not stay here in the summer months ... plus I'd be more adamate to request a room on the eastside as the westside of the building left us with sleepless nights.	
May 24 2005	Artwork and a noisy neighbor to go with it!	My friend and I stayed there and we had a problem with one of the neighbors. He blasted the radio loud as if he were staying in an apt. We quickly went to the reservationist, and to our surprise, they let us switch rooms to a better location. The room that we went to had one problem. The bedding didn't seem too clean. We found paint stains on the mattress, and the blanket had stains. We enjoyed the artwork that is everywhere. The elevator is very interesting. Very 1920ish, I think. Nice! We enjoyed the location. Restaurants are near by, and the hotel is in the heart of the financial district and not far away from the gate of China town. It was an interesting experience. We felt like we were not staying at a hotel. It seemed like we were in an apartment!!!	
May 19 2005	nice atmosphere friendly staff	the room we stayed in was nicely decorated with works of a local artist. it was also very clean, and minimal, just as i like it. the staff was friendly and extremely helpful (we were new to the city). only complaint, hard to find parking, but then again, that's not the hotel's fault...that's just s.f. in general. i'd stay here again.	
May 18 2005	Pleasant Euro-style experience for a reasonable price	Hotel des Arts was a very nice place to stay while in San Francisco. For those of you who don't want to allocate too much money for a hotel, this is definitely the place for you. It's pleasantly decorated with lots of vibrant art, the staff is nice, and the rooms are quaint. I stayed in a room without a bathroom, and it was fine; I never had to wait for a bathroom or shower. The rooms were always made up neatly by the time we got back from exploring the city. There are great places to dine around the French Quarter, where Hotel des Arts is, and all the shopping you could endure in one place. There was no air conditioning, but San Francisco weather permits for that.	
May 18 2005	One of a kind expereince	If your going to stay here, make sure you stay in one of the painted rooms. My wife and I stayed in the room painted by Sam Flores; beautiful, serene, and breathtaking are a few descriptive words yhat could be used for the room. Inspiring, medative, and wild are a few more.---------------------It was like being inside a piece of art. No words or pictures can truly recreate the expereince. I plan to return to the area and stay in a different painted room each night for a few nights.The bed was super comfortable (pillows too). Shower was hot, with more than sufficient pressure. Room size was a bit small (which made us feel more part of the art), but a very large closet and a few night stands provided lots of storage. Soft bedlamps helped set a romantic mood after the sun went down. But couples afraid &quot;someone might hear you&quot; should know the Sam Flores room is just down the sound carrying hall from the front desk. Sorry to the clerk and any other guest that might have overheard the passion brought on by the pure sensuality of it all!Breakfast was: bagels, coffee and juice. Parking is extra make sure to find out about your options in detail.	
May 17 2005	Just what I needed	A hotel is just a place to lay your head to me. Hotel Des Arts was just that, in a great location at a great price. The bed was super comfortable. But the shower was nothing special. When I go back I won't pay the extra $20 for a private shower. Just use the shared ones.	
May 16 2005	Don't Stay Here!	This &quot;Hotel&quot; is nothing more than an overpriced Hostel.	
May 9 2005	Possibly the worst hotel staff ever...	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Des Arts for four nights last week. This funky boutique hotel offers rooms with shared or private bathrooms. We had a painted room which was small but beautiful. There is artwork and photography displayed throughout the hallways of each floor of the building, and most of the rooms are painted by local artists. The location was perfect. The hotel is about 2 blocks from the shopping in Union Square and across the street from the Chinatown gate. If you are looking for a budget accomodation this place will meet most of your needs, however some things to consider: 1) many of the rooms have windows which open to an alley with 20+ dumpsters. There is no AC in the rooms, so you have to crack the window. Between the garbage trucks (every night), and the homeless people digging through the trash - don't expect to get a decent night of sleep, and 2) the staff is pretentious, rude, unpleasant, and unhelpful. We dealt with 5 different front desk staff persons, and only one was somewhat friendly &amp; helpful. The other four acted like they just did not want to be bothered with the guests. This unfortunately affects the artists who display their work here. Much of artwork is reasonably priced, but with such a poor experience with the staff, we were in no mood to buy any artwork here. If you can afford a little more $$ per night &amp; want to be in this part of the city, try the Hotel Triton around the corner.	
May 8 2005 	Great Value Through Priceline	Unlike other reviewers, I found no evidence of bedbugs (or filth), interacted only with pleasant staff and had a relatively quiet stay here. I was concerned after seeing a number of negative reviews, but my stay here was completely satisfactory. I agree with the writers who point out there is no a/c (thus you probably don't want to stay here in the height of summer) and that it can be loud or bright if you stay in a room facing on the street (so asking to look at the room is probably in your best interest). Leaving the windows open brought in enough cool air and since my room was on an interior courtyard (very Rear Windowish) I only heard the occasional siren (it is in a major metropolitan area after all). The location is very convenient to a number of SF attractions as well as to the Hyde/Powell cablecar. My only complaint was about the 'breakfast' which was very nicely arranged, but consisted of nothing but plain frozen bagels. For the price that I paid through priceline ($60/night) a 'very' minor quibble.	
May 6 2005 	as long as you don't lick the shower curtain liner...	you'll be okay. there were some unmentionables on it, but i suspect there are some really gnarly things lurking in even the fanciest hotel room. I snagged a low week day rate on a san francisco tourism site and for that price, I was satisfied with what I got, particularly the comfy mattress, topped with a plain white duvet...no nasty polyester floral spread. i stayed on the 5th floor, facing the back (note to those facing bush st - there's a construction site across the st. right now with loud noises on weekdays beginning at 7 am!) My room was very quiet and restful. creepy stain on the carpet bespeaks this location's history... closet was bigger than my brooklyn kitchen. towels rival the stinginess of the ones at New York Sports Club. I appreciate that they're trying to do something different - showcase local artists - piece for piece the art's no great shakes, but heck, finding something appealing is half the fun...get your money's worth and patrol the halls. As for those quibbling w/ the continental breakfast, I considered this a formal nicety but nothing I'd want to blow my calories on... save it for Dottie's True Blue Cafe. You're on vacation! Live a little! You'll save dough staying here ( on a weekday anyway).	
May 6 2005 	exotic panache	Polite, convenient, quiet, exotic, funky. I have traveled extensively overseas (14 trips to India, 9 to Nepal, many other places) and the Hotel des Arts has the exotic panache of, say, the Kathmandu Guest House but on a one night trip to ‘The City’. I have so far stayed twice, once for 2 nights, once for one night – the place has always been quiet, the staff polite, and the place is CONVENIENT. Chinatown Gate is 30 feet away. My girlfriend found a hairdresser – Monica’s on Clay St. – and shops for herbs, teas and …….. on Grant StWe’ve always taken a share bath room – I like padding down the hallway to pee in the middle of the night in my yoga pants barefoot. The futon-ish beds are very comfortable.	
Mar 27 2005	Loud room but artsy off beat hotel		
Mar 25 2005 	Didn't Expect a Jewel but...		
Jan 31 2005	No problem		
Dec 28 2004	hotel des crap		
Oct 13 2004	good value but I would opt next time to spend more		
Oct 11 2004	The worst hotel I have ever stayed at!		
Sep 22 2004 	Very cool		
Sep 7 2004	Clean and simple		
Aug 27 2004	This hotel is terrible!		
Aug 24 2004	This Hotel was GHASTLY!!		
Oct 14 2009 	L'arte in una stanza		
Oct 7 2009 	Una sorpresa		
Sep 22 2009 	si vous voulez avant tout dormir dans une chambre total look au hasard et que le reste importe peu		
Sep 14 2009 	Camera piccola...		
Jan 12 2009 	Atroce a l'exception de l'emplacement		
Dec 3 2008 	Très déçue		
Sep 2 2008 	A essayer !		
Aug 24 2008 	Muy bien situado pero llévate unos tapones para los oídos		
Jul 18 2008 	Bien situado		
Feb 6 2008 	Un buen hotel para dormir.		
Jul 3 2007	Sympa mais sans +		
