Nov 16 2009 	Never staying here again	Good thing I didn't pay much to stay at this dump. The walls were extremely thin and as soon as we got there, we could very clearly hear people having sex through the wall. The next morning I woke up to a blaring TV in the next room and someone getting high right outside our door. The parking is rediculous too.	
Jul 13 2009 	SATISFACTORY HOTEL	I stayed here for a couple of nights recently. I was just reading some of the bad reviews and felt it necessary to give a favorable one. It's certainly not a luxury hotel but for the price (I paid $40 a night,) I thought it was a good deal. The room was clean enough (didn't leave with bug bites!) and everything worked properly. The front desk staff was friendly enough and my room was fairly quiet.	
Apr 8 2009 	Dangerous Rip-Off	My friends and I stayed here over a long weekend to see a concert @ The Filmore, thinking it was a good place to stay, and within walking distance. Boy, were we wrong. Our car as well as another guests was broken into while there, leaving the drivers seat shattered and a 12 hour drive home with it. The manager offered nothing but a broom. There are drug addicts outside of it at night. Sketchy Neighborhood. Keep it.	
Mar 15 2009	Horrendously nasty. Don't waste your time.	We made our reservation by phone, taking advantage of choice hotels stay 2 nights get one free special. We navigated to the hotel, drove into the garage, and parked. When I got out, I unloaded my suitcase and started to set it down, when I noticed wetness running down the pavement. I looked around, and realized that I had almost set my suitcase in urine where someone had peed in the garage. I went to the office and checked in. The guy gave me the key cards in an envelope that was BLACK with filth. Literally. I don't mean dusty or slightly dirty. I mean filthy, like it had been used 10 or 12 time by nasty people. Trying not to touch it, I slipped the cards out and left the envelope with him, in spite of his insistence that I take it. We went to the room, and it was absolutely grimy. The inside of the bedspread was soiled black, and blankets were nappy and sticky feeling. I went back and told the guy the room was filthy, and he came and inspected it as if he had no idea what I was talking about. At this point, I just demanded a refund, and we left. he was insistent on showing me another room, and I refused. While I was dealing with the manager, my brother was standing at the door of the room watching a crackhead perform a sex act on another in the alley. What else can I say?? Don't go there! I complained to Choice, to no avail.	
Feb 1 2009 	Never never stay here.	I use to like this hotel because it's central and a good bargain. However it's gone downhill beyond belief. The staff is indifferent when there is a problem and don't make any effort to compensate. I've had problems like message lights on my phone blinking all night, boogers on the bathroom wall, a drugged out woman screaming and crying all night long, and a very loud party keeping me awake. With each issue, I called the front office but they didn't take care of any of the problems. In the case of the crying woman and the party, they didn't even answer the phone. The crying woman was banging on the office door all night long and I was calling them as well but they never responded. I finally called the police. The next night there was a loud party with people running around the hotel screaming, banging things and keeping people awake. Again, the front office never responded. When I brought it to their attention at check out they didn't seem to care to much. No offer to compensate me for my loss of sleep for two days. This is the worst run hotel I've ever dealt with.	
Oct 13 2008 	You could probably do better	The room was excellent. It was large and had a refrig and microwave.The motel is a rather seedy part of S.F. and is too far to walk to restaurants etc., although there are several bus lines within a short walk.The elevator was so dirty that you'd want to go out and buy a can of paint.After staying there for 5 nights, I asked to have my bags stored for several hours. They charged me $10.00!! That was the first time that that's ever happened and I think that it's very petty.	
Oct 10 2008 	Not pet-friendly. Also not human-friendly from what I can tell.	Okay, I admit that I did not end up staying at this motel, however, I did try. Now that I've met the staff, I will never stay at Rodeway. I had a negative experience with the male/female couple operating the front desk tonight. Basically, I was already staying in a nicer hotel around the corner, and took my dog out for a late night stroll. When I noticed the Rodeway sign, I remembered that I had a 'dirt cheap' coupon for it in my tourist packet. I went to the night-window to ask if they allow dogs. They turned me away, which isn't a big deal, but it was the manner in which they did so which frustrated me. I realize the area is crappy, and there are 'crazies' lining the street at night, but I come from a upscale neighborhood and I hold a graduate's degree. I know that doesn't make me more important, but I suppose I'm not used to being dismissed in such a way. I was respectful of them and would have liked them to reciprocate that etiquette towards me. I don't know what I expected from a cheap motel. Perhaps other people already 'bothered' them by attempting to bring in a dog earlier tonight. Perhaps they were having a couples' squabble. Perhaps my hair looked disheveled because I decided to walk Ginger one last time before bed. Perhaps it's a cultural difference and they make awful faces at everyone.Perhaps it was because they are just plain rude. :-| The bottom line is that I stopped by as a *potential future customer* and I left offended. There are polite ways to tell people their motels don't allow pets, especially considering that pet-people might return to San Francisco without their dogs one day. Rodeway Inn left such a bad impression on me that I feel compelled to let reviewers know about it!	
Oct 3 2008 	Still a good deal...barely	Can you still get a decent room with free parking in a safe neighborhood within a mile of Moscone Center in San Francisco for under $100? Yes, but just barely, on most nights, if you get here early. That’s because the parking is limited, so if you get in late on a full night you may have to park on the street. (Lots of spaces available on well-lit busy streets.) As for the rooms, well, think of it as Motel 6 but older and with a micro-fridge. The latter is good for me, the self-employed penny-pinching business traveler. But, be aware the shower may be tricky to adjust, the carpet threadbare at the edges, and chairs a bit shaky. On the up side, it’s clean, safe and quiet – except with the garbage truck arrives and the whole cement courtyard becomes high decibel cacophony. The continental breakfast is a joke: a cold Danish and bad lukewarm coffee. Fortunately, the in-room coffee is fine. I usually try the Best Western group south of Market, but those properties have climbed well into the $150-plus range. This is a notch down in quality, but I’m happy with the $160 or so that I saved over two nights. My “average” rating weighs heavily on value for dollar.	
Aug 12 2008 	**********AVOID AT ALL COSTS***************	This hotel is in the worst part of town. NOT the place for families. Look/ask about the hotels a few blocks away close to Fisherman's Wharf- about the same price, nice location but book ahead. When we left the Rodeway Inn Civic Centre in disgust, we couldn't find a room because the good hotels close to the wharf booked up fast - we ended up staying the night in San Mateo at the Comfort Inn, which was quite nice. CAVEAT EMPTOR - may the buyer beware!	
Jul 28 2008 	A good budget hotel	From the reviews I read I was a bit concerned but my experience was very different. My room was cleaned and bedding changed every day. I met the staff who were doing it and they were friendly and helpful. I had a tv, the air condition was a fair age and rattled a little but it did its job and the shower worked every day.If you want style and comfort then you may be the ones who will put this place down but if you want a base to enjoy the city from it is fine. I could hear noise from the street outside but no more than I would expect in the middle of the city. There were homeless people around but the ones I met were friendly and it wasnt that much trouble to turn down thier requests for money.I had a little over 5 minutes to the Muni at either Van Ness or the Civic Centre, busses ran from Van Ness just round the corner and a couple of days I walked in to Union Square, about 20 minutes. I had to be aware of where I was when in the Tenderloin but I never felt in any danger at any time.I only slept in the hotel, I left early and came back late but the horror stories dont ring true for me. I cant speak for every room but mine did the job so I had a brilliant holiday in San Fransisco	
Jul 26 2008	What Can I say?	After reading so many reviews in this page, I was afraid, but to tell you the truth, it wasn't SO bad. At least I was complete every day. Ok the zone is bad, to much homeless, specially at night, and at around 5 PM there is the same homeless outside the hotel; fortunately you can have Van Ness Ave. and the MUNI system near to transport wherever you want. The manger, yeah he is rude and doesn't have a clue about where he is. My dad asked him if he knew somewhere we could take a tour to Napa Valley and he took a map from the desk, and surprise! he didn't find Napa on the map, so he didn't knew. Also we asked him if he could call us a taxi to the airport, he said no, and gave us 2 numbers to ask for it. The room was nice, no beautiful, not incredible, it was nice. I was fearing to have some cockroach on it, but, it was incredibly clean. And although it says they have HBO, I can tell if I saw something like HBO. Although the breakfast is included... don't expect a breakfast, really, go and get some food out there.	
Jul 21 2008 	Rudest Manager - Never Again	The manager was terrible. I've never had someone yell at me like that before - he was rude and actually kind of cruel. I left a dress in the room and went back to try and retrieve it - it turned into a nightmare. Knowing that people can be that rude and still run a business boggles my mind. The room itself wasn't that bad for the money - we were only there to sleep. Just please beware - I wish I would have looked at all these other reviews first.	
Jul 17 2008 	A Horrible Scary Nightmare!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	This was one of the worst places I have ever stayed. I was scared to death. the area is horrible, the parking garage is scary,the elevator and the area that it is in is too. The manager or who ever he is was so rude, he harrassed me about paying with cash. I secured the room with my credit card, but when I gladly checked out the next morning, I wanted to pay with a travelers check, I was told he didn't have change. My husband had to walk down the street and get change so we could give him the correct change. The room was smelly. The homeless are everywhere. I certainly would not recommend this hotel to families. I am very disappointed because this ruined my first visit to san francisco. The wharf area and the cable cars was nice.	
Jun 6 2008 	fire the manager and I'll go back	Not a bad facility and a clean property for the price. I'd stay in the street before I would ever stay there again and have to deal with the manage. I have made a complaint to choice hotels and never even got a response. The manager makes his own rules and prices he needs to move back to Iraq.	
May 27 2008 	Not Recomended	We had arrived one hour early for check in, checked in at the front desk. The lady said the room was ready. Getting up to our room, it was clearly not ready. So we let her know and went downtown til the check in time. An hour later our room was still not ready, at the correct time it was supposed to be. We let her know again and then she told us it would be ready in fifteen minutes. Twenty minutes later it hadn't even been touched. We complained again and WE had to ask for a different room. She should have offered a clean ready room in the first place. She was very rude to us and ignorant. I would not recommend this hotel. Also the walk downtown is not very pleasent.	
Feb 27 2008	the manager is very very rude!!!	customer service by the manager is very fair he is very rude he is not very approachable when asked some questions he is not professional to customers! the room smelled bad all towels were old too!!	
Feb 13 2008 	Ok if you're without your wife	I know my way around SF, so didn't mind a stay in this neighborhood. I cashed in my Choice Hotel points for my 2 night stay.Location is a 10 minute walk from BART. It's one block west of Van Ness, a major north/south street. Busses everywhere.Office to check in a tiny. You walk across a driveway to an even smaller elevator. It's smaller than those tiny elevators you see in Europe. The motel looks like a motor court. It also looks like a homeless shelter. Lots of in and out types moving about throughout the overnight hours. Very noisy for a place with all outside entrances to rooms.The room:Small and clean (surprise surprise). Even the bathroom was ok (for a Rodeway). With the lights turned on in the evening, and the curtains drawn, you'd think you were at a Quality Inn or Holiday Inn Express.A few blocks east of the hotel, on Polk, eat at Brendas. ANyplace that has a line in this foodie city, has got to be good. Brendas is southern style, for breakfast and lunch. I met a friend for breakfast.Ok. The big question. Would I go back? No.Next time I'll priceline a 3* for $60.00.	
Nov 28 2007	Rodeway Inn Civic Center SF - a Great place to stay on a budget!	My friend and I stayed for a week in March of 2007. Sophie and Babu and Maria (and even Babu's wife) were fabulous hosts! The rates were the best we found within walking distance of our class in the Mission District, and the room was clean, even though it wasn't a new state of the art hotel. When we returned from our classes or from dinner, Babu would be watching to make sure we got in safely. Sophie sent us off each day with a smile. We enjoyed free Wi Fi, and if we needed a lil something in the a.m for our walk, there was coffee, juice and sweet rolls. Babu helped us find a couple of restaurants and when we found a new one that he hadn't checked out, he asked if they had a veggie menu so he could be able to give a recommendation for customers.The neighborhood is very near a couple of streets we didn't care to walk down at night, and yes, there were lots of homeless folks, but even they were cordial and after the first night of asking for a handout, seemed to recognize us and simply wish us good day or good evening.We would definitely stay there again and have referred it to many.	
Feb 15 2007	Hated the Rodeway Inn Civic Center San Francisco	The hotel was very old and had an extremely unpleasant odor in the room. The water only trickled from the shower head and was not even luke warm. I definitely will never stay in this particular hotel again nor will I recommend it to any of my family or friends. Although I had two days remaining on my reservation, I checked out after that first night.	
Oct 27 2006 	Smelly.....	Such a nasty place and area of town. The room smelled of stank tobacco and the mattress gave us real back aches every single morning. There are marks on the walls and one better watch youself when you enter the Motel because there are always odd scary people just behind you.The front desk clerk was rude and totally unhelpful. He really acted like we were bothering him when we asked any questions like where was the closest nice restaurant. Please spend a little extra and stay somewhere else! You will be glad you did!	
Jul 17 2006	Great prices	My daughter and I stayed here for 5 nights (July 5- 10th) at $65. per night. The location was not great with Homeless people and prostitutes. But the rooms were cleaned daily and the Burger King, KFC, Taco Bell, Subway, etc and Walgreens was i/2 or 1 block away. I was very pleased with the price, accomodations and access to public transportation. Easy walking distance (10-15 min) to Union Square. # 19 and #47 bus to Fishermans wharf. Lot to see 4 blocks down by the civic center. I would definately stay here again.	
Nov 1 2004	Such a mess	Oh my ! Where should I begin ? I have stayed at some really bad hotels in my time but this mess really takes the cake. The elevator was rickty ( we got stuck in it once ) and it's filled with copious amounts of nasty grafitti. The room ( as most of them are) was in a dingy interior center of the motel. It truely made me think of the interior of a prison. The room also had gum stuck on the carpet and the wallpaper was peeling off the walls. We also had the pleasure of finding a previous guests stinky sock under the dining tabel along with empty candy wrappers. I would be remiss if I didn't mention the rather musty, stank smell of the room. The room did have a nice TV.. but I had to wipe an inch of dust off of the top of it. !For the love of GOD... I warn you,,,, AVOID this dump. I have personally given up on all Choice Hotels as it seems they have no standards whatsoever.	
Sep 29 2003	parking nightmare!	When we checked in at 8:00pm we were told parking was on a first-come first-served basis. There were no spaces left. We went out in our car later that evening and came back at 1:30am. There were no spaces to park in. We called management. We were told to park on the street. The street parking was metered beginning at 7:00am with a one-hour maximum. We went to our room pondering which one of us would get up at that early hour and feed the meter for the hour maximum. We decided to call management again and ask what they could do for us. Managements' response was cold and un-caring. They said;&quot;this is San Francisco and parking is not guaranteed&quot;. We decided to notify management that we were checking out. They never apologized and of-course they charged us for the room. We drove home at 2:00am and got into Sacramento(90 miles from The City) after 3:00am in the morning. Don't stay here unless you don't mind not having a guaranteed place to park. Isn't that was a motel means? We were very dis-appointed in managements' total un-caring and un-apologetic attitude.	
Jun 7 2003	Reasonable prices	We make frequent trips to San Francisco and we always use this hotel. Its not fancy but the rooms are clean, the staff are friendly, its reasonably priced, and its centrally located.	
Nov 3 2009 	Sympa et pas cher		
Oct 2 2008 	Normalito		
Sep 2 2008 	Hart an der Grenze		
