	Clean enjoyable but definately room for improvement.	Stayed a few nights at Hotel Fusion. Great location, clean and does the job for a tourist who will be out for most of the day. A little bit of a funky smell, but goes away after a while. One thing is that the walls are paper thin, expect to hear many noises during your stay. But after all is said and done, the Hotel was a nice base for our trip, definately no Hilton or Marriott, but a decent boutique hotel.	
Nov 22 2009 	Not bad if you are doing business in the city	This hotel has a really good location as it is 2 blocks from Union Square and only 4 blocks from the Moscone Center. We stayed here while we were attending a conference in San Francisco for the week and it was adequate. It is a very small hotel and the amenities are limited (the &quot;breakfast room&quot; is pretty much a closet but it is fine to grab a quick bagel and coffee to go in the morning).The good:Cheap valet parking - $25/night with unlimited in and outGreat locationNightclub attached to the hotel with AWESOME food (make sure you try to stay on a high floor so you don't get the noise from the club in the evenings.Great rates! (we got it for $89/night during the week of a major conference in SF)The not-so-good:Small hotel with small roomsNo wireless internet (but free wired internet. in my case this means I had a huge cable running from the telephone jack behind the bed to the desk at the other end of the room.Overall it is fine as a centrally located hotel to grab some rest after meetings and conferences while staying in San Francisco.	
Nov 18 2009	Not so sweet a suite...	My daughter and I overnighted at Hotel Fusion last week. Needing two beds, I booked a &quot;suite&quot;, thinking it would be more spacious than one room with two double beds. At check-in, I was pleasantly surprised to hear we'd been upgraded to &quot;one of the most expensive suites in the hotel&quot;. I guess the definition of &quot;suite&quot; is relative. The door to the room entered into the poorly lit, narrow sitting area (I figured 8' X 10'), in which was crammed a desk w/ chair, mini-refrigerator, daybed/couch, and another chair and endtable. The sitting area was separated from the (I figured 10' X 10') bedroom by a doorless cut-out in the wall, which allowed little to no privacy in either space. Into the bedroom was shoehorned a queen bed, two night stands (one of which had a clock that was an hour behind), and a heating unit with what appeared to be some kind of food/beverage tray permanently affixed to the top. All of which left less than 2' to maneuver on two sides of the bed, and a bit more on the side with the door into the bathroom. Small flat-screen TVs hung from a wall in each room, and the one window opened to the three other exterior walls on the inside of the building (I wouldn't call it an atrium, though). Curiously, the bathroom was the most spacious of the three rooms in the suite. It had a single pedestal sink, toilet, and tub/shower.That all said, the room was clean, the bed and furniture reasonably comfortable, and the common areas of the hotel attractive and welcoming. Breakfast wasn't much, but more than we had in a similar hotel in the city a few years ago. And the location.... hard to beat really. I might recommend it on that basis alone. But, this review should leave no question as to what impressed (is unimpressed a word?) us most about Hotel Fusion. Our experience might have been different had the hotel's website included photos of the suites so we'd known what to expect.	
Nov 11 2009 	Nice room good location	Hotel Fusion is right in town, in Ellis Street, and although the street is relatively busy the windows are double glazed which cuts the noise right down (and you can open them if you want fresh air, which is a bonus). We upgraded to a king room, as we'd heard the rooms can be a bit small. The room was big and very comfortable, nicely furnished and quite modern. There is a nightclub next door which is part of the hotel but we didn't hear any noise at all, either from music or the crowd queueing to get in, and our room was at the front overlooking the street. Staff were friendly but not overly so, airport transfer is cheap and efficient - the BART is close by but when we were there the station lifts were out of order and there are a lot of steps! Not much fun with heavy suitcases. The hotel has free Wi-Fi in the reception area and they have a business centre if you want to use internet. They also have a concierge desk if you want tours or transport booked. The hotel doesn't have a restaurant so no room service is available. There are plenty of restaurants in the area so that's not really a problem recommend Millennium in Hotel California). For a standard hotel it's pretty good and if we ever go back to San Francisco we'd stay at Hotel Fusion again no problem.	
Oct 10 2009 	Tiny Little Rooms	Stayed at the hotel from 10/03 to 10/07. Here is my humble opinion: - Valet: Ticket says &quot;call 20 min before you need your car&quot; - Most days it took 45 min to 1 hour to get the car. - Room: Felt like a jail cell. Tiny windows, Twin beds, no space for 2 people at all. Smallest room I have ever seen in my travel life. No AC. - Bathroom: Decent size considering the size of the room. - Safe: Could not get it to work in both rooms we booked. - Breakfast: Bread, Muffins, OJ and Coffee. Need to take back to room to eat ... oh wait ... there is no desk in the room ... need to eat on the bed ... - Location: Excellent- Staff: Very, very friendly. - Service: Very good. Room was impecable every time I got back to the hotel. - Cleanliness: Excellent - Value: Too expensive for the lack of comfort in the rooms. - Noise: Club downstairs ... up till 2am listening to the music. - Overall: Would not stay there again unless if it is a bargain ...	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice Hotel but the dining room and night club where even better.	The hotel is comfortable, located in the heart of San Fran. The location allows you do all the sightseeing without having to travel far. Hotel parking is ridiculous, its best to make arrangements prior to checking in. Valet charges $25 bucks per night!	
Oct 4 2009 	Great location and nightclub but needed air conditioning	Bargain hotel in a great location. The adjacent nightclub is a bonus. Small room but this would be expected. Unfortunately it was unseasonally hot and the room was unbearablely stuffy - but again the location is unbeatable. Short walk to Powell station and the Bart to SFO. Another short walk to Union Square and tourist bus pick-up.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great hotel with great management	Very reasonable rates for the San Francisco area. Efficient and courteous staff.	
Sep 26 2009 	Good value	I thought the location was excellent for someone who is coming in from one of the airports on BART (only a block away from the Powell station). The service was friendly and the facilities were upscale and clean. If you like a smaller European style hotel and don't mind a little city noise in the evenings this is the place for you.P.S. We got a really good deal on a double room through EasyClickTravel.com (&lt;$90/night)	
Sep 21 2009 	Excellent value	Stayed in a single room. No air conditioning but windows open and there is a ceiling fan that works well. Very clean.Room on 4th floor - quiet. Staff friendly.Location excellent.Got a very good rate via expedia.Recommend.	
Sep 18 2009 	Amazing value for money would stay again	This hotel is really close to Union Square, this is one of the reasons why we chose it. You can step outside of the hotel and right outside there are designer shops, food places, atms etc so it was really convienent for those. The hotel itself was great value for money, we booked through expedia and got a queen bed instead of a twin room when we checked in they changed that for us straight away and the staff were really nice and polite. The room was clean with 2 double beds- these were quite big in comparison to the room but wasn't an issue (just watch out for the bed post you can get your leg on them when walking past!) the ensuite was clean and there was always hot water! Our booking also included breakfast which was not the best variety but at least it was something. Orange juice/ tea/ coffee and bagels and muffins. You were also allowed to use the internet free of charge as well, just ask at reception and they give you a key card. There was also a really good night club a few doors down called infusion lounge which i recommend going to if you want to have a night out. The only downside to this hotel was the noise from the streets, but what can you expect you are right in the city?!	
Sep 14 2009 	no ventilation in the rooms	Upon entering the room, it was so hot and stuffy that I immediately went to the window to open it. Imagine my surprise when I discovered that the window was sealed shut. I never worry about getting a room with a/c in the city because the ocean breeze will always come through and cool things down. In fact, there was a strong breeze that evening but when we returned to the room it was too hot to sleep. The room had a ceiling fan with a smaller fan available but without cross circulation in the room - forget it! I had a terrible night of no sleep as I tossed and turned trying to get comfortable.	
Sep 10 2009 	Bargain price great location neat 	For $55/night, this is perfeci. Two blocks from the Powell St. cable car turnaround at Market St. Small room at this price. Single twin bed for one person. No air conditioner. Ceiling fan &amp; a portable fan that works well in the window. Clean &amp; neat. TV, desk with light, 2 drawer chest, coffee maker, refrigerator, safe, mirror, clock/alarm, continental breakfast (juice, milk, toast, bagel with cream cheese, coffee). If the price doesn't change, I'll always stay here.	
Jul 28 2009 	An alright hotel	Good location, small rooms, friendly staff. The rooms are small and dark so we were thankful that we were only there for 2 nights. The club downstairs is very noisy and the sound travels straight upstairs to the rooms	
Jul 15 2009	Hotel Fusion	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Fusion for one night (a stop in San Francisco on our way to Napa). We were so happy with our stay that we decided to write a review. I had researched extensively before our trip trying to find affordable hotels (but clean rooms in great locations). Hotel Fusion is this and a lot more. We paid around 75 dollars (a deal i got online through their website) and we were upgraded to a King for no reason at all. The room was beautiful, extremely clean, and pretty big. We had a flat screen t.v., built in c.d. player on wall, fridge, coffee, huge closets, and a really cute bathroom. We were right on the road, but it wasn't noisy (especially not compared to other stays and our trip to Chicago recently). Furthermore, we had a large family across the hall from us and I didn't even realize it until I saw them in the breakfast room. You could not hear anything from the other rooms at all (nice if you are a light sleeper). The Hotel has a continental breakfast that was perfect for us (bagels, toast and jam, danish, coffee, orange juice, and fresh fruit). They turned down our beds and gave us chocolate mints while we were out at night! The location of this hotel is also great. We easily walked to China Town, some of the Piers, the Financial District and more. We ate at a great Thai place down the street and had drinks at a pub around the corner. If we return to San Francisco we are definitely staying here again. I cannot say enough great things about the staff and quality of this hotel. It's not one of those hotels that's cheap but adequate (assuming you'll be out in the city anyway)...it's a hotel that is nice enough that you actually ENJOY hanging in your room - but it's really affordable!	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Price Great Location	Stayed here for a week in late June/early July '09. You simply can't knock the location, with Union Square a couple of minutes walk away. Even a walk to the Wharf isn't beyond the ability of most (which I did twice). I'd heard about the Infusion Lounge nightclub which is nearby and whilst it didn't really affect me on the 3rd floor, I can't really speak for those lower down. Let's just say it was low-level, background bass for my floor but to be fair, this was only really on the Saturday and following Thursday nights.Rooms are compact &amp; bijou but cetainly tolerable.This was 1/2 the price of the Handlery Union (£333 for 6 nights) which I had stayed at a year earlier and this factor swayed me. The only thing that I would have liked was a hotel bar, but you can't have everything.One more recommendation - get the BART from the airport to Powell Street; it's quicker &amp; a lot cheaper than a taxi and the station is a 2 minute walk from this hotel.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great location very economical	I ended up staying at Hotel Fusion because I Hotwired the hotel. I was a bit nervous after reading other reviews because I noticed a lot of complaints about noise and the rooms being stuffy. When we checked in I asked for a quiet room and that's exactly what I got. They put us on the fifth floor at the rear of the hotel and we heard NOTHING. I slept more soundly than I do at home. The room we stayed in faced the courtyard and did get a bit stuffy in the afternoons. However, we had both a ceiling fan and a small fan we placed on the windowsill and it only took about 5 minutes to cool the room down when we returned from our daily adventures. In fact, there were times we were downright chilly and had to turn the fans off. We stayed in a queen size room and yes, it is small. This is a boutique hotel and I fully expected a small room. For the price I paid ($58/night through Hotwire), I had no complaints. The rooms are in excellent shape, even though small they are wonderfully maintained and VERY clean. And the best part of this hotel is the location. Right off the BART line, a short walk to Union Square, and you can see the Cable Car line from the front door. In terms of convenience, this hotel is about the best case scenario you could hope for. The free breakfast was coffee, tea, juice, bagels and cream cheese, oranges and muffins. This is about what I expected and it adequately met our needs. If you are the type who needs a large breakfast, there are lots of places within a two minute walk where you can eat.	
Jun 30 2009 	Smallest room ever! Good price though on Hotwire	Room made me claustrophobic as it basically was a queen bed surrounded by 4 walls. There was a little desk by the door with a small flat screen TV. The room was old concrete with a piece of modern art above the bed. We got the room gambling off of hotwire.com for $59 so I can't complain too much. Great location in Union Square. Roughly $25 for overnight parking and you have to call 30 minutes ahead to get your car.	
Jun 12 2009 	Clean and Comfortable Hotel in a Great Location	The location of this Hotel is without doubt its greatest asset , the cable cars and F-line streetcars are within a 2 minute walk making it easy to reach much of the city from this central location whilst also being on the doorstep of the central shopping area around Market Street and the fantastic Westfield shopping mall. Powell St BART station is also just a short walk away and a great way to get to and from the airport cheaply (if you dont have too many bags) with tickets costing around $5.35 each way. We considered the price to be good considering the inclusion of breakfast, however tere is no seating dining area and breakfast turned out to be nothng more than a small room/cupboard with a coffee machine and a toaster, my advice would be to eat out. The rooms are small but still comfortable and are well stocked with (expensive) drinks and snacks. The bathroom was modern and clean and actually more spacious than the rest of the room. The rooms are not air conditioned and as they are so small it can get a little warm at times however elecric fans are provided. The Infusion lounge below is ultra stylish and seems to attract the more elite of San Fransiscos's clubbers way into the early hours, the music can be heard in the hotel so if u fancy an early night ask to be on the third floor or above. Overall Hotel Fusion was great value for money,(if you dont mind not having a room with a view or a good breakfast). I would definitely stay there again as It had everything we needed and provided an ideal base to get around San Francisco.	
Jun 8 2009 	Just great :)	I loved this hotel. The location is absolutely the best. It's right in Union Square, but not so in the middle where it is too noisy. The F-line cable cars are just a block away, restaurants across the street. It's just great. We had no problems with checking, or service, noise, or anything of the sort. The beds were really comfy and nice :) Great place to stay	
May 5 2009	Fusion Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Fusion near Union Square in January. The rooms were very clean and stylish; but the walls are thin and let in sounds/conversations you may or may not wish to hear at 2 a.m. The room also got stuffy but opening the window helped. Only stay here if you are a sound sleeper without young children.	
Apr 28 2009 	So Disgusting	This hotel might have been okay until the moment I stepped into the bathroom and found a used CONDOM on the floor. It was horrifying. When I made note of it to the front desk the woman working said she would have the manager get in contact with me (mind you they still charged us for our stay with them), and I still have not heard anything back. Anyone have any suggestions?In addition, if you have a car and you valet expect to wait 20 minutes before they bring your car around. If you have plans to be at the airport, their method is not very efficient.	
Mar 21 2009 	Probably best on week nights	The location of this hotel is great. It's only about two blocks to the BART and Powell St. Station, which is an easy way to get there from the airport. The room was decent. I liked that the door to the bedroom closed separate from the entrance/bathroom area. That was nice for sharing with a roommate who might come in at a different hour than you. They have Internet, but bring your own Ethernet cable. Otherwise, you can pay for one.The main complaint is that the hotel is next to a nightclub. It wasn't too noisy, and some of it is to be expected with the location in the middle of all the action. However, I'd say staying on a weeknight would be better than a weekend because of that. The music wasn't actually that bad, but the lines outside the club were long on Friday, and you could hear the people. Considering this and the room that some of my other colleagues got at different hotel for a better price, I'd say it depends on the deal you find and whether you are staying on a weekend or not.	
Mar 13 2009 	This is where I'll always stay in Union Square	Ok, it's not the Hyatt, or the Nikko, or the Hilton. It doesn't have the fancy restaurants, big rooms, etc. It does however have a great staff, clean rooms with great water pressure in the shower, modern amenities (lcd tv's in rooms), etc., and costs about half what those other guys charge. Ok, so it doesn't have a restaurant. Dude - you're in Union Square - walk out the front door and you have about 100 different restaurants to choose from all within walking distance.I do have to take away a few points for putting the ethernet jacks on the opposite side of the room from your work desk. But, that's why they call them &quot;laptops,&quot; so not a deal breaker.Having no a/c could be an issue in the summer, but in March it did not matter. Union Square offers a large variety of brand hotels, along with many historic independent hotels. The latter category includes some less than savory selections. Fusion is a good choice though, and if you're on a budget (and who isn't these days), this is a very good bet. Splurge a few extra dollars to get the upgraded rooms (i.e. Dlx King or Jr Ste) and you'll be in good shape.	
Feb 23 2009 	Was great..	I happened to like this hotel a lot. Yes from where I was staying, there was no noise.. However, just like most of the complaints on here.. no air came into my room.. NOTE: it was raining and cold here in SF... I had my window opened all the way up too.. .. For what I paid for this hotel, i'd say it was worth the stay and will continue on staying here as many times as I will come here.	
Feb 21 2009 	Simply Awful	This would be a lovely hotel, should you not mind awful customer service and the nightclub conveniently located next door that plays obnoxiously loud music until after 2am. I'm 23 years old and it even irritated me. More so, the hotel neglects to warn you about this. Upon check-in, my reservation was not coded correctly (as I was visiting on business and my company is covering room and tax). A $50 pending charge was to be placed on my credit card for incidentals, however the hotel charged my card $150 EACH night that I stayed for a total of over $800 during the week that I was there, overdrawing my account resulting in hefty penalties and hours of phone calls to the bank. The hotel's Front Desk and Management staff could not have cared any less to assist in speaking with the bank. One associate even went as far to tell me &quot;I'd take it up with your bank, it's not really our problem.&quot; I requested on FOUR different occassions via e-mail and voicemail to speak with a manager, only to have my calls and requests ignored. The hotel later informed me that it &quot;was a computer glitch&quot; and expected that that was explanation enough. The overall lack of concern is beyond alarming. I didn't know of the nightclub next door until Friday night, and even with my I-pod in, the noise was unbearable and apparently no other guestrooms were available to move to. So unbearable in fact, that it is now 2:15am, I am still unable to sleep and have a plane to catch in five hours. While the hotel is centrally located, I would not recommend it to my worst enemy. I have been here for a week, dealt with every Front Desk associate on the staff, only to find they're all as appalling as the Manager, that still hasn't returned one phone call. There were a slew of other small incidents during the week that went unresolved as well, but I'm running out of characters here. Bottom line: spend your money on a hotel that is deserving of your money, and this, I can assure you, is not the place.	
Feb 16 2009 	Watch Out for Homeless People	My girlfriend and I got a great deal on a trip to San Francisco, including three nights at the Hotel Fusion. I'd been to SF before, so I knew that it was a great location. We read previous reviews about the not-so-stellar breakfast, but decided we could live with it. The hotel is easy to get to and clean. Our room was spotless, with the exception of some food stains on the curtain. The coffee pot was nowhere near an outlet, so we had to do some rearranging. Our room was on the second floor facing the street. Many people complained about noise at this hotel, but we didn't find that to be a problem. With the windows closed, we couldn't hear the people partying at the club downstairs on Saturday night.However, we had one big problem with the hotel: the staff and their lack of concern for their guests. On our first day at the hotel we found ourselves on the elevator with a homeless man who was wandering around the hotel. As two young female travelers, we didn't like the idea of random homeless people traipsing about the place. (We're from New York City, so we deal with homeless people everyday. But not feeling safe in a hotel is another matter entirely.) We immediately went downstairs to see the concierge about the matter. He called a colleague of his, who went upstairs to investigate. Apparently, homeless people come into the building frequently. Instead of asking the man to leave, the hotel staff person simply said to him, &quot;Hey, you scared those girls.&quot; Not exactly the response we were looking for. Nevertheless, from that point on, we took the stairs.Two days later, while waiting in the lobby for a tour bus to pick us up, a homeless woman wandered in ranting about satan and pop culture. Several hotel guests who didn't speak English were standing near the door. The concierge walked over to their bags to make sure nothing was stolen, but he didn't ask the homeless woman to leave the building. This is just not acceptable.I understand that homelessness is a huge problem in San Francisco. I understand that I cannot compare the homeless culture in every city to that of New York City. However, there should be borders - and a hotel should be one of those borders. I did not feel safe in this hotel and am not likely to return.	
Jan 14 2009 	Bad news for the price	Great front desk people, great, great. Cleaners, great, great. Small, small rooms for the price of a regular room, but that isn't the problem, just shouldn't be paying the same price as a regular hotel room. Breakfast gone by 9:00am or stale. Coffee weeeeeeeaaaaak. Again, the front desk staff were cool and understanding to a point, same with concierge. I'm not a &quot;fancy pants&quot; but I do know when I'm gettin' ripped off. $99/night ...Off season price...	
Dec 30 2008 	Great Location - censored internet access	The location is just awesome for shopping and to discover this great, great city of San Francisco. Rooms are simple, modern furnished, not too spacious but not too small. No air-con which was not a problem in December.The staff very friendly and helpful.So why only 3 stars? Believe it or not, we live in San Francisco in 2008 and those guys censor the internet access. Now you might say, to hell with all such adult sites - but their sonic wall stops you as well if you are looking for a nice place where you want to sip your whisky sour. Why? Because you may not visit sites promoting alcohol/tobacco.I just hat such invasion of my privacy - so I will definitely NOT return to such a narrow minded place.	
Dec 1 2008 	Good location.	Pros:-great location one block from Powell Street cable car turnaround-extremely clean bathrooms-attentive staff-light continental breakfast provided for free (bagels, toast, muffins, juice, tea, coffee and fruit)-room amenities included: hairdryer, fan, iron and ironing board, flat screen TV, room safe, minibarCons: -no air conditioning	
Nov 17 2008 	Great Location - But that's the extent of it!	Let this be a lesson...check to be sure air conditioning is provided before booking any hotel. Normally, in San Francisco, A/C is not an issue, but we happened to be there during a heat wave. There was a small fan in the closet, which did little but move hot air around. Our window looked out into an interior shaft and there was no cool air to pull into the room. The blinds were broken and the room was very, very small. We could barely walk around the bed. The hotel is in a great location near the BART station, but we would never stay at the Hotel Fusion again. Very small (non-existant) lobby and the continental breakfast was pathetic..	
Nov 15 2008 	Best little hotel on the block	We were needing a place to stay for 6 nights in San Francisco and our travel agent picked this one. I can honestly say it was the best choice he could have made!This place is modern, clean and the staff are ace. Our room was furnished in a simple but modern and stylish way. It was more than adequate for our needs. The staff gave us useful tips on getting the most out of our stay, including the best tips for getting around the city and what to see that shouldn't be missed. When we stayed there the manager threw a weekly meet and greet with wine and nibbles for his guests where he mingled with everyone and sought their opinions on the hotel. This was a nice touch and a good way to get direct feedback.Great little hotel for a city break. Try it - you may like it!!!	
Oct 25 2008	GREAT	Very small room, but furniture brand new and spotlessly clean.Took the BART from airport. Brilliant location. Would definately stay there again if ever in San Fran.	
Oct 21 2008 	Definitely a very good option!!!	I had a very good time in this property... all the accomodations are really nice, and also the service was espectacular... I would recommend this hotel to anybody :) I think I will come back there in my next vacation... and in anytime...	
Oct 18 2008 	Excellent Value	I am torn betwen 3 and 4 rating , somewhere in the middle i guess Yes the room was small and it is slightly noisy (from the 5th floor), but it was extremely clean, very nicely refurbished, and excellent location. And the price certainly justifies staying here.	
Oct 15 2008 	Lovely Hotel but vey noisy	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights (room 504). The room was very nice but no aircon. The surrounding area is very noisy especially after midnight. Could not sleep with windows open and the electric fan that was provided was very noisy. Breakfast not worth mentioning, see other reviews.Location excellent. Very close to the cable car and the BART.Staff very friendly. Our room was very clean. If you stay there I suggest you take ear plugs to block out the noise.Would stay there again if I could get a good deal.	
Oct 12 2008 	Good value for San Francisco	All I wanted was a cheap, clean, safe place to stay for three nights in San Francisco. Hotel Fusion more than met my needs -- and it's also in a great central location.It's a low-frills place, but the decor is nice. Rooms are tiny, yes, but I paid about $130 per night including taxes, and that was about the best deal I could find in SF. Other hotels anywhere near that price were in out-of-the way locations, had bad reviews, or had doors that opened to outdoor walkways (which I avoid as a woman travelling alone).I asked for a quiet room, and got one on the 2nd floor facing the interior walls, so my view was of the room across the way, but that was fine; I just kept the shades down.The bathroom was large and very nice.The &quot;continental breakfast&quot; was on the low end of what seems to be standard these days -- a pile of bages, bread for toasting, muffins, oranges, two kinds of juice, and coffee. Not great but again, my main criteria were price, safety, and cleanliness.My only issue was that the room was stuffy -- sounds like others had this problem too -- and my window didn't open. But I'd stay there again because the staff was nice, the location great (a couple of blocks from Powell and Market), and the price was right.	
Oct 5 2008	Great value but a couple of tips..	The Hotel Fusion is a great choice. It is very centrally located with the cable car just around the corner and the trolley cars in market street which will take you to the Ferry Building for $1.50. There are plenty of shops and department stores close by. The hotel has been refurbished and the decor is tasteful. The facilities are basic but clean and in good condition.My room wasn't fantastic in that the only window opened into the central area of the building. I was on level two and this was the roof of the central area space (gosh that is hard to explain). So, if I was so inclined, I could step out of my window walk on the internal roof to the next room and step into theirs. There is no airconditioning in the building. Being a woman travelling solo this meant that I didn't feel secure enough to sleep with my window open hence I had a very hot and stuffy night. The fans provided are very noisy and are pretty ineffectual unless you sit them on your open window sill.Saying that, the pros of this hotel far outweigh the cons and I would stay here again. I would request a room on the higher floors facing the street and I would be very happy. Really great value for money, fantastic staff and excellent location.	
Oct 1 2008 	average at best	This hotel has a good location, but not a lot else, it took the staff three goes to get us to the right room, including giving us the key to an occupied room, and keys that did not work. We were then allegedly upgraded, from what I cannot imagine, the room was tiny, and not air conditioned. The continental breakfast was a complete farce, a few stale bread rolls in a converted bedroom, which had then to be carried back to the bedroom, where there was no where to eat but on the bed. The staff apart from the initial difficulties were pleasant and helpfull, and the hotel seemed clean.	
Sep 29 2008 	Tiny room but good deal anyway.	I stayed at Hotel Fusion from September 20 to September 28.When I checked in it was a little chaotic because there were a lot of people there for the Oracle Convention but the staff managed to get everyone checked in quickly.Unfortunately when I got to my room I saw that they did not gave me the room I booked thru expedia. My fried got the room he booked, i.e. a standard room with a queen bed but I was stuck with a tiny tiny room with a double bed. I went back to the lobby and I asked for the room I booked but they told me that there were no vacancy and they could not relocate me in another room. They added that the reservation I had only specified that I requested a queen bed, not that they would garanty that I would get one. Even after speaking to the manager and to expedia I could not get another room and I understand that it would be very difficult because it was full booked but I will do a complaint to expedia because the booking information was very deceiving.The only other problem that I encounter there was the lack of climatisation in the room. The window opened in the &quot;interior&quot; section of the hotel, so there was no ventilation at all in the room and it got quite hot. But they provided a fan (stored in the closet) so putting it on the ledge of the windows would did make the room a lot more confortable.Other than that two minor problem I had a great time there, mostly because I almost never was in the tiny room. But if you plan to be in your room a little more (for working for instance) this could be a major reason to go elsewhere.The room was very clean, the bed was small but confortable, the location was great (you are near everything) and the staff made all they could to make you feel welcome. I heard people complain of the noise at night but it did not bother me at all.The &quot;business center&quot; is on the third floor and there are two computers available most of the time. But you will have to pay extra to print (1$/page).The free continental breakfast is on the fifth floor in a small area and it is very basic (bagels, toasts, muffins, coffee and juice).I would probably stay there again if the price was right, but I would definitely require a confirmation for a bigger room.Bye	
Sep 26 2008 	Great deal!!	We stayed at Hotel Fusion Sept 13-20. The location could not get any better! Just two blocks from the Powell St. BART station and the cable car turnaround, just a short walk to all the shopping/restaurants in Union Square. The room itself was pretty basic, but clean. The rooms were kind of small (we had a queen room), but very functional, had lots of storage/closet space, and the bathroom was large. Nice plasma TV, too! It was very clean and the staff were very helpful and friendly. No A/C but you really don't need it, it gets cool at night in SF.We didn't spend a lot of time in the hotel (too much to do in the city!), but our room at Hotel Fusion served it's purpose well, we felt comforable and we would definitely stay here again. For the price and the location, this place is a steal!	
Sep 17 2008 	Friendly staff room tried to be nice but had flaws	Hotel Fusion is located in the heart of San Francisco's downtown tourist area, a couple of blocks from the cable car turnaround. We had no trouble parking (they have two passenger zones), checking in, or getting help with our luggage from the hotel staff. We booked a king bed room. The room was spacious, clean, and recently updated. There was a snack basket and stocked refrigerator in the room. Most hotels gouge you on in-room snacks but the prices here were reasonable for an urban hotel—$2 for a soda, for example.There were some problems with the room layout. The strangest problem was with the free wired Internet. (There is no wireless in the rooms, although we were told there was wireless in the lobby.) The Ethernet plug was next to the bed, and the desk was across the room. The front desk provided a long Ethernet cable but it still wasn't long enough to reach the desk. The only phone was also next to the bed. The bathroom was very small with a glass-enclosed shower that leaked terribly. There was almost no room to store toiletries in the bathroom.The chairs were not very comfortable.The bed was on a platform and it was very hard—it basically felt like a futon bed. Not surprising for an urban hotel, the room was extremely noisy, especially with the window open. I could hear the cable cars going by half a block away, with their bells ringing, and lots of traffic noise, pedestrian noise, and police/fire sirens. I thought this was kind of fun, but your mileage may vary.The free continental breakfast wasn't very exciting but there was a coffee stand half a block away where you could get a breakfast sandwich and espresso drinks. There were many restaurants nearby.We opted for valet parking. The hotel staff let us know that it takes about 20 minutes for the valet parking service to respond to a request to pick up or drop off a car. I would not stay in the same room again at this hotel, because of the tiny leaky bathroom and layout problems, but I liked the location and the staff, so I might consider staying in a different room.	
Aug 30 2008 	Good location	FUSION was a decent hotel on the same block as the APPLE flagship store and right on union square shopping. The location was good it you exit the hotel and turn left.the right hand side of the hotel houses loads of homeless beggers who are completly harmless but may not work for families with children. the room was small but nice and clean. the free breakfast was a plus. concierge was nice enough. the hotel is pretty well located for all other sites as SF is pretty small in size and you can cover it all with a city tour. you can then go back to the places you liked. overall, not bad, but there are better hotels around it which may offer a bigger room.	
Aug 14 2008 	Loved the Fusion!	Hotel Fusion is in a great location, close to shopping, cable cars, and the train station , (Powell) - 'the bart'. The staff were friendly and the rooms, although small, were neat, clean, modern with lovely furniture and pictures. There is a breakfast room that provides a complimentary breakfast, which is good, but tiny and consists of coffee, tea and muffins, pretty ordinary and must get there early or theres practically nothing left. There is also a 'business' room that provides free internet too, thats great, but very uninspiring.The overall experience was good and we would stay there again, although we found most of the things we wanted to do were closer to the Bay, the Piers etc. Great location if you want to spend your time in San Fran shopping.The little italian restaurant opposite was great too, the happy hour deals - pizza, calamari, champayne etc was awesome!	
Aug 8 2008 	not great but not awful...	We stayed at fusion for 3 nights in July 2008. The stay was ok. On the good side the room was clean and big enough with a comfortable king bed. The bathroom was clean, no bath just a shower which was fine for us. The location is great as long as you turn left as you leave the hotel as to the right there are some dodgy characters lurking about. The cable cars are just around the corner and all the shopping areas and good restaurants and nightlife are close by. On the bad side, the desk staff are soooooo rude. They seem to hate their jobs and treat the guests accordingly with one guy in particular saying he'd &quot;rather stay in hell than stay here&quot; as we were checking out! not exactly a nice touch. The rooms are extremely noisy. the lift makes a great deal of noise and rings it's bell loudly on each floor so if your room is opposite it you'll hear it all night. The street noise is horrendous too with fire engines going by al the time. I didn't hate staying at the fusion but don't think i'll stay here again.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great overall experience	Stayed at fusion for 4 nights and would reccomend this hotel to anyone for the following reasons: The price is affordable based on what you can pay in San Fran.Excellent location right in the heart of union square - you can take a quick cab ride, trolly, or even walk to the pier if you have some time and want to see the City. (It was bit of a walk, but there are great sights, and plenty of pubs/cafe's on the way to stop in for a little rest and a drink).Close to great shopping.Spotlessly clean and modern decor in the rooms. Flat screen TVs, treat baskets, mini fridges, comfy beds and pillows. Very friendly and helpfull sfaff.There is a lot to spend your money on in San Fran, but this hotel is very affordable and is so amazing, that you don't feel like you are missing out on anything at all! Very nice experience!	
Aug 3 2008 	High Quality hotel Outstanding location!	I stayed two nights at the Hotel Fusion (Thursday &amp; Friday) and found it to be an overall excellent value. I paid $124/night for the room, which was a bargain considering it was summer in San Francisco. The hotel looked like it had been recently renovated and the room was small but really really clean, which to me is way more important than size. But the best part for me was the location. It was so centrally located, right there in Union Square. It was right around the corner from Macy's, Market Street, etc., with the BART trains and cable cars nearby. I could not have asked for a better hotel location, especially given that I am a young woman who traveled alone to the city simply for a convention. The only reason I didn't give the room an excellent rating was for a couple of reasons; 1) like I mentioned, the room seemed really small to me. Perhaps I was expecting something bigger, but in the end it didn't really matter because I didn't stay that much in it anyway. The second was that the room had no extra plugs. I had to unplug things just to charge up my phone, which I thought was weird for a hotel that seemed to market itself towards business travelers'.	
Jul 30 2008 	worst in the city	My new wife and I reserved a room at Hotel Fusion a good time ago to capitalize on a good rate - well, it is true, you get what you pay for. We left after one night, we had anticipated a 4 night stay as part of our honeymoon. Firstly, the hotel is in a pretty terrible neighborhood, the Valet parking was poor (there was a massive dumpster up front of the hotel that impeded your parking) The hotel was awkwardly layed out. These are the nice things I can say about this dump. I guess the main problem we had was the website they had showed these very nice, trendy rooms.... not so. What you get at Fusion is a tiny, tiny room, no A/C (not a problem in SF if you have Cross Ventalation (we had a stale smelling alley ajoining our room) A queen size bed that was closer to a twin, uncomfortable with (only) 2 pillows. No glasswear in the room, just plastic dixy cups. A 3/4 bath, (just a stand up shower, no tub) Paper thin walls, a seal on the door that let light from the hall in. Basically, when we opened up our 2 suit cases it took up the whole room. It was a pretty negative experiance in a pretty great city. I would avoid at all costs.... pay an extra 50 and stay somewhere else!!!!	
Jul 28 2008	Excellent Hotel - central!	The price, decor, location and staff were all excellent! A jewel of a place to stay in the centre of downtown.	
Jul 22 2008 	Hotel Fusion great place to stay	My friend and I stayed in Hotel Fusion for 9 nights. We didn't expect much only because of the money we had paid. That's why we were really surprised when we arrived to very nice, stylish and clean hotel. Our room was lovely, very clean Japanese-style decorated double room with two beds, flat-screen tv, minibar etc. Hotel staff was extremely friendly, polite and helpful. Housekeeping everyday and change of towels and sheets as often as you like. The location of the hotel couldn't be any better. It's in the middle of San Francisco city centre. Loads of shops, department stores, restaurants, coffee houses, bars are right there when you walk out the hotel door.But even if there's a lot of happening in the city all the time during nights too, we slept very well without hearing any noise from the streets. And for people like us who before booking a hotel room wonder why there's no air-conditioner in the room, we've to say you won't need it in San Francisco because nights are chilly there in the summer too.In the future if we go to San Francisco we will definitely stay in Hotel Fusion again.	
Jul 13 2008 	Great hotel and location	We stayed at the end of June-first week July. Great location right off the BART and in the middle of the shopping district. Hotel staff were very freindly and house keeping was perfect. They have a breakfast room on the 5th floor which had what you needed to start your day and hold you until lunch. They are going to open a sit down area for breakfast during the winter of this year. I did read the reviews and bokked and internal room and did not have any problem with noise. You can not beat it for the price. feel free to send me a note if you have specific questions	
Jun 28 2008 	Nice hotel and staff but ear plugs are advised	We have just returned from a 8 night stay at the Hotel Fusion. The location is great with all muni transport within walking distance, places to eat and the mall. The staff go out of their way to be helpful, very polite and friendly.The breakfast &quot;room&quot; is on the 5th floor, which our room was on and this was a good thing as I did not fancy walking around with lots of plates and drinks when you take it all back to your own room as that is the only place to eat it.Breakfast is :- Bread for toasting, bagels and small muffins, with juice or hot drinks. A bit disappointed with the selection, we went out for breakfast at Mel's diner when we fancied some cereal and more substantial items.Our room was clean and tidy with plenty of space to leave the 2 big cases on the floor and still be able to walk around. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom large and the shower a dream.One problem was the noise on the street, every morning at 4am the garbage men came in a big truck to collect glass bottles, so the sound of a reversing truck and bottles crashing into it was not good. We got used to it though as the days progressed, the one night when hearing the noise we checked out the window to see whereabouts it was coming from. The truck seemed to be collecting garbage/glass from the opposite hotel, backing into, under that hotel, the whole of the surrounding hotels must hear this and I cant understand why they cannot collect at a more reasonable time?Overall a great hotel, just a bit noisy but would recommend it.	
Jun 27 2008 	Good Hotel GREAT Location	Stay here for 3 Nights in Mid June.Location is Excellent and is just 5mins walk from both Union Square and also the BART Station which makes it dead handy if your flying into SFO.Room are small as mentioned but they are big enough for a short stop over and yes walls are thin, but personally didn't find it a problem.Reception Staff 1st Class and spent ages working out directions for our route to our next destination	
Jun 27 2008 	Excellent location!	My husband and I stayed at Fusion for 2 nights and loved the location! the staff was very friendly and helpful. since the hotel is located in a busy shopping district, it is advisable to ask for a room that doesn't face the road.the only complaint I had was that the breakast was served in a tiny room on the top floor and we had to pick it up and take it to our room since there was no place to eat there.other than that, a great hotel and will definately stay there again!	
Jun 13 2008 	Great hotel in centre of town	My wife and I are in early 60s from Australia. Booked hotel in conjunction with Extranomical tours. The room was quiet (ask for internal facing) but rather small. Staff and housekeeping v friendly and accommodating. B'fast was help yourself to toast, danish and coffee etc. Fabulous location for touring city, just stones throw from cable car terminus and right in Union sq shopping precinct. Recommended.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great little hotel!	What a little SF gem!I am a Trip Advisor fanatic, so when I was in the planning stages of a long weekend getaway in San Francisco to surprise my husband for his birthday, I spent weeks reading hotel reviews for the downtown SF area. My criteria: affordable and close to BART as we would be relying on public transportation to get around the city. I narrowed my search down to Hotel Fusion but was still a bit nervous about some of the negative reviews I had read on TA regarding thin walls, street noise, etc. and I am very sensitive to unwanted noise. We left the Hotel Fusion thrilled to death.The location of the hotel is ideal. It is one block from the BART station which was unbelievably convenient. It's also very close to the Powell Street cable car station if you're into that. A hint: the lines for the cable cars at the Powell Street station are ridiculous. If you want to ride and don't want to wait, walk up Powell Street 5 or so blocks to the next cable car stop and there is no waiting. When I contacted the hotel to book the room, I asked for a king room, and I'm pretty sure that all of these rooms are located on the top (5th) floor. The room was small, but nice and perfect for our needs. We could have spent 2 or 3 times the amount we spent on our room for a luxury room, but we really just needed a home base and didn't plan on spending much time in the room so size wasn't really an issue. For the record, I really think two double beds would have made the room feel tiny and claustrophobic but this wasn't the case with the king room. The bathroom was TINY but fine.Some of the negative reviewers have complained about the lack of A/C in the rooms which really wasn't an issue for us. During the day, we opened up the windows to get some fresh air in the room while we were out and about in the city, and the hotel provides a great little fan that helped keep the air circulating. In the evenings we closed the windows and that, combined with the fan noise, completely drowned out most street noise, aside from the random ambulance so street noise was no problem. This may have also been less of an issue for us due to being five floors above the street - who knows? But street noise didn't adversely affect our stay a bit.As for the thin walls...we really didn't experience this at all either. I don't know if we didn't have anyone next to us or not, but we didn't hear anyone in adjoining rooms at all. Not once. The front desk staff was excellent. I had requested an early check in and was told they couldn't guarantee it, but would ry. When we arrived at our hotel at 1:00, we were able to check right in, with no problem, so this definitely scored points with us.I guess if pressed, the only somewhat negative thing I could comment on was the water pressure was a little goofy at times - I showered in the room 3 times and each time the water pressure dropped down to next to nothing for a few seconds, but honestly? No big deal.We had such an amazing time and hope to make this trip an annual event. We will definitely return to Hotel Fusion.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great Hotel for the Price	I stayed at the Hotel Fusion for five days booking through Hotwire for only $69 a night. I got much more for the $69 than I expected. I found the Hotel had been newly refurbished and very modern. The rooms are small but nicely updated and all have high speed internet that worked great. They offer a &quot;mini&quot; breakfast in the morning that consists of toast or bagels and jucie and coffee. There is no air conditioning but in San Francisco that really isnt much of an issue. The rooms do get a lot of noise from the streetcars and traffic but was no more than I would expect in a busy city. The location is excellent, being in the heart of Union Square. Overall this was an excellent value in a City where rooms can easily cost three times what I paid. I would stay there again without hesitation.	
Jun 3 2008 	Great location for short stay a little bit on the noisy side...	Stayed here for one night prior to an Alaskan cruise from SF in mid May. Weather was nice in the high 60's-70's Hotel is conveniently located short 5 minutes walk from BART ( less than $10 pp) Powell exit, though we took shuttle (Lorrie, about $30 for 2) from airport since we got 3 big piece of luggages, didnt want to lug them around even for 1 block.Hotel is centrally located closed to Union Square &amp; across from Parc 55 which I also stayed years ago, a different class of hotel. Since this is just for 1 night and per TA recommendation I though I gave it a try. Hotel reception is fine, staff are friendly and efficient. I didnt need much help from them since I've been to SF many times but they are there when one does need help.Stayed on the 3rd floor, room was slightly stuffy when first entered which immediately opening the window helped since there was cool breeze. Kept window opened all night and a fan in the room helped circulate air, so no problem there. Only problem is for the night we were in, there were some night owls on the street making strange noises, plus some garbage truck or street cleaning vehicle were making noises that was kind of annoying but can get used to it. For those who are noise sensitive can be a problem.As others have mentioned, free continental breakfast on 5th floor and free internet use on 3rd floor. Within 10 to 15 minutes walk, one can cover Union Square, Westfield Mall, Chinatown, access to cable cars, buses, BART etc. A fine 2-3 stars hotel that cost us about $145 (tax and fee included).Also if one likes Chinese food, Tian Sing is in the same building on ground floor. I understand one of the chefs from Yang Sing (which I've been to few times) opened this one. They are both quite good for dim sum.	
May 27 2008 	Thin walls but otherwise fine.	This is evidently a former SRO hotel that has been refurbished and dressed up with modern art paintings on the walls. The rooms are small and the walls ominously thin. One aspect I liked is the Fusion’s stairwells. Fully open to viewing on each floor, cheerfully lighted, carpeted, and clean, they attract usage. The desk staff was sometimes overbusy, but this was during the Memorial Day holiday. I rate the Fusion as a good 2-star.	
May 6 2008 	great location... thats all!	I was not 100% sure of wether to book this hotel, but as I was on a budget and needed something central in SF I decided to give it a try... location is excellent.. minutes from Union Square, the tram/muni etc rooms are small and soo noisy. I could literally be woken in the morning by next doors alarm going off!!! It was really warm (very noisy aircon) and impossible to open the window as noisy at night. Bedside lamp NOT WORKING and after 3 days, TV was NOT WORKING too.The blonde receptionist when checking in was very chatty and warm but only there that 1 day.if budget is a priority this is ok- i would rather save some extra ££ and enjoy my hotel/room a bit more next time. I felt lucky I was out most of day.	
May 1 2008 	ideal location	You can't beat the location of this hotel-2 mins walk from Powell BART station(30 mins direct link from airport)and 2 mins walk from Union Square with every major dept. store-Macy's, Saks, etc-loads of top end shops and a great place to sit and get some free WiFi! You also catch the cable cars up Nob Hill/Russian Hill etc from Powell St and there are loads of places to grab great food nearby. The hotel itself was very clean and my room on 5th floor had no problem with noise from outside or neighbouring rooms-there is no restaurant but they provide toast/croissants etc and coffee/tea/fruit juice self service for free from a room also on 5th floor-pretty handy to take back to your room-especially for single travellers-there is also free use of computers/internet(small charge for printing)on 3rd floor. Room itself very clean-shower was good-LCD tv with DVD player-room pretty small but how much space do you really need!? Only small issue was no air-con-didn't bother me particularly I just left window open constantly and the fan on. San Francisco is great city-loads of brilliant and different ares to see-this hotel provides ideal base to explore all of it by walking or public transport and I paid £35 a night through Expedia-really can't be beaten	
Apr 20 2008 	Great location but noisy.	The hotel is in a great location right beside Union Square,all the major shops and at the cablecar turnaround.We booked a queen room which overlooked Ellis street but the problem was it was very noisy outside with sirens,bin lorries and bells from the cablecar.The breakfast was very basic and you have to go back to your room to eat it.There was no air con in the room which may be a problem in summer.On the other hand the room was very clean with a good tv and cd player and coffey making facility.The bed was comfortable and the bathroom good.Overall not a bad hotel if you have a budget.	
Apr 19 2008 	Better than expected!	We stayed here for 2 nights having booked after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor.Even though we thought it looked good we didn't expect much due to comments on room size, noise etc.We were pleasently suprised by the size of our king room. We had loads of room, a small table and chairs and plenty of storage in the bedside cabinets, chest of drawers and double wardrobe!The bathroom was great, really modern and clean and the room was immaculate.Yes, there was a lot of street noise but what city hotel doesn't suffer from this?Good location (about half hour walk to Pier 39 but easy to get trams etc), friendly and helpful staff and clean, modern rooms.	
Mar 30 2008	Excellent location but bring ear plugs!	My husband and I booked a Queen room with a baby bed for a 1 week stay. Upon arrival - we were put in a teeny,tiny double room with absolutely no room for a baby bed. The front desk people were absolutely excellent in fixing this problem by upgrading us immediately to a king sized room (apparently the qn. rooms were overbooked). Unfortunately the hotel does not have cribs so we had our 22 month old sleeping with us for the entire week. (no explanation given as to why we were promised one when we booked!) The location is fantastic as all other reviewers have said. If you are in an outside room the noise can be a bit much (depending on your tolerance for street noises)... garbage trucks every night at 12:30, sirens ALL the time, car alarms etc...We seemed to get used to it by the 4th night and were able to sleep a bit better.Housekeeping is excellent, rooms were immaculate, and service was always friendly and helpful.Breakfast is nothing to get excited about - handy to have something in your stomach before leaving for the day... can't say much more than that!Overall, I would recommend this hotel for the price and location. I would stay here again as long as I had a room that faced the inside of the building.	
Mar 19 2008 	Location is great! Good for short stays...	We stayed at the Hotel Fusion for 2 nights as soon as we got to San Francisco.The location of this hotel is great! It's only a short walk to Union Square, Westfield on Market St and Powell St cable cars (route to Fisherman's Wharf).The staff manning the reception desk was friendly and the concierge was helpful! He recommended the Chinese restaurant next door which we agree, was a great feed! The Irish pub (Johnny Foley's Irish House?) around the corner was a nice stop after dinner.The downer for us was the size of the room. We stayed in a King bed room, which was quite small to the point where we had trouble moving around and it took awhile to find spots to put our suitcases down. The bathroom was almost the same size of the bedroom!! Would recommend this hotel to the budget conscious traveller, who isn’t after anything flashy	
Feb 19 2008 	excellent location	we chose fusion hotel over its excellent location. during the chinese new year, Most of the hotels were running full house this time. Usually, as a airline staff, I could easily get an attractive hotel discount but not this time. After carefull selection, we found hotel fusion could offer us the superior location. Everything was within walking distance. The surounding was reasonably safe too. The hotel itself has a very simple reception but that was all we needed. The room itself is clean, reasonable size but not huge in anyway. as many of the previous comments, the layout the room is a bit odd and it could be quite noisy due to the thin wall. you could be rest assured that the traffic noise was minimum though. THe so called complimentary breakfast could be quite a scene in room 507. It is a very tiny room. It could be quite crowded . Breakfast includes selection of bread rolls, juices, coffee/tea.	
Feb 2 2008 	Unsure about this one	I am unsure about this hotel. We booked it after reading the great reviews on tripadvisor, and we've never been let down by any of the properties that we've found this way, until the Fusion.Ou main issue with the property was the noise. Not from the street, but the people in the rooms next to us. The walls sound like they are made of paper. We could hear EVERYTHING from the other rooms. Talking, tv's, phones, people using the bathroom ( and I do not mean the hotel plumbing!) nothing was left to the imagination. On top of that the noise from above rooms sounded like elephants were racing round and round.The weather was warm while we were there so we wanted the window open, ( we had an internal room) but the noise from the other rooms with their windows open meant it wasn't an option. We ended up having to use ear plugs for the entire stay.We were offered another room, but when we went to check it out, the tv next door was blaring, so it wasn't a viable option.The other issue we had was the house keeping. When we checked in the room was immaculate. However after that it went downhill. We re-use our towels so didn't want them replaced every day, however some days they would take towels and not replace them at all. The floor wasn't vacuumed for about 3 days, breakfast crumbs stayed for the whole weekend. On the plus side, the location was brilliant. You could walk to shops, the cable car, restaurants, the information centre and transport.I'm not sure if we just got them at an off time, as previous reviews have been excellent, but I would struggle to recommend the hotel to to family and friends.(Sorry for the late review, we have been travelling since then)	
Jan 29 2008 	Great location small rooms	This hotel is good. Great location only 2 blocks from Union Square, nice modern decor and friendly staff. The hair products they provide are Rusk - good stuff. The mini-bar is stocked with great items including energy drinks and they are decently priced. Parking was my only concern - $35 a night. Unfortunately, that is the cheapest you will find unless you walk miles. So be sure to include the extra $35 ($40 with tax) when you are budgeting for your trip. Overall, the hotel was great. Small rooms	
Jan 22 2008 	Great place to stay!!	Got a great rate on this hotel by contacting them directly - WE STAYED A WEEK!!! Had slight problem on checking in with the room type we had requested, but staff more than helpful and they actually did contact us to apologise again the following day.Hotel was excellent, centrally located, helpful and friendly staff, really clean with complimentary breakfast. Would definitely stay again although there is no airconditioning which might prove a problem in really warm weather - we stayed in late October.Rooms aren't massive but have everything you could possibly want and really you don't spend that much time in them! Overall, excellent hotel in great location. Highly recommend	
Jan 20 2008 	great stay	Spent last 2 nights here on our San Francisco trip. My mom &amp; I walked into this hotel to check availability because we could no longer extend our stay in Stratford Hotel. The rates we got for the junior suite is a bit high because there was a Pediatrics' Convention during that time. *The junior suite #514 has a desk, cd player, a sofa bed, bedroom, 2 lcd tvs, coffee making facilities, ref, iron &amp; board. This hotel like many SanFran hotels, has no aircon facilities but they gladly provide a Honeywell fan &amp; portable cool air machine upon request. I had to use the fan because my sofa bed area has no window. Room decor is modern which I like. But the bathroom looks pale to me. Maybe because of the lighting. I saw a king deluxe room on the same floor while it was being cleaned. It was huge. Maybe I will ask for that room when I travel with my husband next time. Our room overlooks a courtyard. My mom said she slept well because it is quiet compared to Stratford LOL  The hotel smells clean. The lobby is small but the decor is modern. Reminds me a bit of home. There is free coffee, tea &amp; hot chocolate the whole day.  *The breakfast room is on the same floor as we are (5/f). But it was just a small room(507) that you get everything you need - cereal, milk, 2 kinds of juice, regular &amp; decaf coffee, 2 kinds of bread, butter &amp; jams, muffins then eat it in your room. Breakfast is included in the room rate. Adequate enough to start your day. I get mine in my pajamas at 7am. My parents wake up later so I eat alone in the desk of the room. My mom prefers to have her breakfast in Chancellor Hotel because of the eggs benedict. *Staff is friendly &amp; helpful. Celso gladly showed us the suite before we decided to take it. I forgot the other names of the other staff I dealt with during our stay. They are happy with giving me directions, always whipping out a SanFran city map. There was one morning I asked direction for Whole Foods Market store on 4th street and I said I will be taking taxi but the guy in front said it is just walking distance. He even went out of the door to point the street down after Stockton where I should head to.  I super highly recommend Whole Foods Market on 4th St.! This is the place to go if you want to eat healthy &amp; not spend too much while on your visit to SanFran. Or if you are on a certain diet like gluten-free/casein-free, vegetarian, diabetic, organic &amp; the like. I got from there fresh persimmon &amp; organic strawberries. There is also a small coffee shop on the front. They have cooked food too. I tried fried chicken &amp; garlic mashed potato to go &amp; some salad. Excellent! I think this is the nearest supermarket in the area. They called a taxi for me on my way back to the hotel with 7 bags full of stuff to bring home to Manila. Coming in late from a day trip to Napa Valley &amp; Sonoma, I asked the guy on the front desk which internet server are they connected, he said internet is free I just need to get the cable from downstairs. This is the only hotel in our US trip that offered free internet! Even if it is cable internet, I am happy. I hope next time there is wifi already. Also, they helped me find a Catholic church for a Sunday mass. Again, they pointed one that is walking distance. We did not take any packaged trip since my relatives come everyday to take us anywhere but I think the bell service up front can arrange this. My dad booked the limo that will take us to the airport at Chancellor Hotel's booth of Susan though. Because they(he&amp;mom) always do that when they are in SanFran. Creatures of habit!LOL Although I found a taxi driver willing to arrange for that too. Taxi drivers in SanFran are nice &amp; friendly people. * Location is excellent! Hotel is near Union Square but not really noisy. Subway &amp; Coldstone is across the street. Apple store on 1 Stockton St. is a short block away. I think a BART station is beside it. Everything is walking distance-accessible. There is Westfield mall nearby. H&amp;M and Gap is a few steps away. Anything you need there is a Walgreens half block away but this closes at 12 midnight. There is another Walgreens near Chancellor Hotel that is 24/7.  Shopping and window shopping is highly recommended. LV has a great staff - Kim, Angelica &amp; Robert are super! Other brands like Burberry, Tiffany, Goyard are all walking distance. There is also a big Borders bookstore - miss Vie was nice, I got a discount card and she assisted me with all my purchases and books that I need. Went there almost everyday. We had a late lunch once at Cheesecake Factory on the top floor of Macy's. Nice view of Union Square. Great service. I forgot to try Michael Mina's restaurant on Westin St.Francis though. We also had our lunch on the last day of our stay at Crustacean on California St. I love their garlic noodles. Dungeness crab is good too. Lunch for 3 is about $120. Though I think there are other restaurants that opened recently which offers the same cuisine? Will I stay here again? Yes! Either here or the Chancellor. For a longer stay, Hotel Fusion offers stay 7 nights pay for 6 I think. I hope to be back real soon! :-)	
Jan 3 2008 	Great Stay at the Fusion	I spent 6 nights at the Hotel Fusion, San Francisco and would highly recommend it. Being my first trip to San Fran, the hotel was located right in the downtown area, easy walking to shops, restaurants, bus, rail and tram services. The front desk staff were extremely helpful and friendly. We had a twin and a queen room, both were very clean, good sized and had complimentary tea/coffee making facilities. Breakfast was available in a seperate room, which was fine for us, lots of toast, muffins, mini crossiants, juice, coffee etc available.I would definately stay at the Fusion next time I visit San Fran.	
Dec 30 2007 	Excellent Hotel for the right traveller!	I read all the reviews before coming, and found them overall good, with a few exceptions I thought I could live with for $65 a night. I booked the 7 night for 5 night special and looked forward to it, cautiously. I was pleasantly suprised. Being a boutique hotel and not a bland and boring chain, it has a small but stylish lobby. Since I'venever once spent time in a hotel lobby while travelling I couldn't care less. What really blew us away was the absolutely perfect location of this hotel. When they say it is 2 blocks from the BART, streetcar and bus, they mean the two tiniest blocks in the world. The trolleys are 1 of those tiny blocks away. It is surrounded by excellent restaurants, coffee shops, and all the shopping and amenities a person could want.It neighbors very expensive hotels and is by far the easiest location for getting to Chinatown, Alcatraz, Fisherman's Wharf, the Castro, Haight, Financial District, and the Mission. There is no better location for a vacation to San Francisco! I love the Fusion and will definately stay here again.The entire hotel underwent an extensive 2 year renovation that completed just last year and it shows. There is beautiful granite everywhere, a very modern elevator with little tv's to watch while youwait (though it never took more than 2 minutes). Our room was tastefuland comfortable with a comfy bed, clean and well lit bathroom with an exhaust fan, and a flat screen TV with a DVD player built in. Our roomwas one of the smallest in the hotel, judging from views of other rooms as we saw them cleaned, and I wished for a dresser instead of a desk, but I did find the furnishings comfortable and nice and I was able to put our suitcase on one of those stands and live out of it. I wouldn't come here expecting a room the size of a football field, but I would expect it to be very nice.The hotel offered a continental breakfast of fruit, toast, coffee, croissants, muffins, milk and juice, and an exercise room we never used. Every room has a fan, ironing board, and iron, fairly affordablesnack bar (that we never used because the Walgreens drugstore was 1/2 a block away), a coffee maker, hair dryer, nice towels, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and soap. If you are used to staying at bland chains you might find the possiblity of a smaller room in such a greaturban setting odd, otherwise, I woud recommend this hotel for your next trip to San Francisco.As a note too.. the hotel doesn't HAVE air conditioning, so the compaints about it's not working and it's noise are puzzling...check out the weather and maybe avoid the hotel if you require air conditioning in the hottest months of the year.	
Dec 12 2007 	Great value Fusion	Stayed 4 nights at the Fusion Hotel. Very comfortable and relaxed atmosphere. Don't expect elaborate, but do expect courtesy and helpfulness and a very pleasant stay. Rooms are clean and comfortable with coffee machine and snacks available. Stayed in room 503 which gave us more than sufficient room (after all, you don't go on holiday to stay in your room). Free coffee available at reception 24/7. Adequate breakfast included in room cost. Perfect location, far preferable to Fishermans Wharf. All modes of transport within one block. Minutes from Union Square. Felt very safe in this area of the city. Staff very polite and helped in every way possible, even searching the internet to find tickets for the Raiders football game. We stayed at the Fusion as we had very little choice, due to a convention in the city. How lucky we were. Next time, the Fusion will not be a lucky choice, it will be the first choice. What value for money.	
Dec 11 2007 	Clean stylish and in a great location but a few problems	Sorry for the late review...I was a little put off by the rave reviews.I reserved 7 nights via expedia.com, as the site offered a book-7-nights-and-pay-for-5-nights deal. Paying about $66/night was a great deal, considering the location. Staff was friendly, continental breakfast items were basic but abundant (we had to take it back to our room because they do not provide an eating area...no biggie), and we snagged a few extra items to snack on during our days. For the price I paid, I think got the smallest room available. I did see other rooms as housekeeping were making rounds, and I envied the larger spaces. Oh well, right? It was only me and my husband. The room was really clean, it had a nice large flat screen tv and mini bar/fridge which we used extra space to stash drinks and leftovers.Here come the &quot;however's&quot;...-There was no fan in the bathroom and its window was painted shut, so it was really stuffy. -The air conditioning made strange sounds when we tried to turn it on, so we didn't bother.-There was no screen in the window, and we had to keep the window open the whole time for some circulation, so we had to accept any spiders and other crawlies that wanted to cohabitate with us. Hoped the big pull-down shade and curtains could help.-Despite our location and knowing that there would be street noise, there was another unidentified and strange noise coming from outside our window, which didn't face the street, the first night that kept us up (maybe another malfunctioning air conditioner?) We would have asked for another room if it continued through the night, but we end up falling asleep because we were exhausted.-The one elevator in the hotel didn't work for one day, which was one day when we really needed it. Being on the top (5th) floor, my legs were screaming for mercy after the last trip up to the room.We're not picky people, and we've stayed in worse places, so we never complained. There are a lot of good things about this hotel, but considering the things that didn't work but should because they offer it (elevator, air con), I would probably stay somewhere else next time. I'd give up a little style for a bit of comfort after a long hot day.	
Dec 10 2007 	Definitely will return	Chose the Fusion having read the reviews on Trip Advisor. The entrance was a bit of a disappointment - I had expected something slightly bigger. However the staff were excellent, the setting was perfect and, as I had an inside room with a rather dull view of a courtyard, it was very quiet. Food in the on site Chinese restaurant was good and good value. Not super luxury, but perfectly adequate, great value, safe and friendly	
Dec 9 2007	Never Again	Although the Fusion is close to cable cars, Union Square, and Market St., I would never stay there again. The rooms (not just mine, but it sounded like all of them) were consistently at least 85 degrees day and night...even when the outside temp was only 65. They have fans in all the rooms, and the windows open so you can set the fan in the window for relief. But that's assuming you can stand all the noise from the nearby cable cars, streetcars, taxis, and general traffic. The hotel staff had no explanation and showed no sympathy or concern, just generally had a &quot;deal with it&quot; attitude. The front desk staff was unfriendly and seemed put out by any request whatsoever. Rooms were clean, but very small. Then they charged my bill for taking snacks that I didn't take. All could be forgiven except the heat in the rooms made it so intolerable that I was miserable the entire week.	
Nov 24 2007 	Great location	We stayed at the Hotel Fusion for 4 nights in November. The hotel is in a fantastic central location. You can walk to the BART, trolley and cable car within 5 minutes. The rooms look like they had been renovated fairly recently and while cosy had a good size bathroom. We received complimentary breakfast each day. It wasnt' a full continental breakfast but was an alright start to the day. Overall, I would recommend the hotel to others looking for a comfortable, central place to stay in San Fran.	
Nov 16 2007 	Loved the Hotel Fusion	We have just gotten back from our stay at the Fusion and loved it. We stayed for 6 nights. The location is really great, right near union square and everything is within a short walking distance. The staff were very friendly and helpful and checking in and out was very quick and easy. The room we stayed in was great. We were on the top floor so we had quite a nice view. The beds were very comfortable and the decor very nice i felt very at home in this hotel. We also had a nice flat screen tv, fridge and safe. The bathroom was a good size and the complimentary toiletries were very nice. Complimentary breakfast consists of muffins, crossants, toast, fruit and juice. In the lobby there is a great selection of useful guides on getting around san fran and information about tours, restaurants and shopping. I would most defitnetly stay at this hotel again and recommend it to others. This hotel is also great value for money.	
Nov 11 2007	European feel	We stayed at the Hotel Fusion with my husband and another couple. We loved it! The hotel is in a perfect location, the interior has that European feel to it - small but comfortable rooms, clean, lots of art hanging on the walls. Very well priced too for waht you get. A place we would stay again - for sure.	
Nov 6 2007 	Quaint but disappointing	This quaint hotel was extremely disappointing. From having to pay for a Cat 5 cable for my computer to an extremely poor excuse for a continental breakfast. The staff was unpleasant and unwilling or unable to address any of my concerns.This year I am returning to San Francisco, but Hotel Fusion is not on my itinerary.	
Oct 28 2007 	Love the location/staff hate hearing next doors noise	Cannot fault the staff, the location and room condition.Downsides:- small room- noisey due to paper thing walls. We constantly were woken up by people just talking ( not their fault - fault of having no noise insulation at all ! ) or playing TV/musicIf you are not bothered by constant noise then would recommend otherwise avoid.	
Oct 21 2007 	On the Pulse	For price and location this hotel is very hard to beat.When you exit the front door turn left....Then..at the end of the street turn right for the jump on point of the main cable car route..turn left and you walk up to Union Square which is the main starting point for all your adventures to be.Staff are anxious to help and a continental breakfast is centrally served each morning.Rooms are clean well kept and there is a safe built in above your room fridge.Anyone complaining about this hotel either lives in a mansion/doesn't do enough walking or is just not happy with life anyway.At the end of the day 2blocks up on Geary Street they serve an all day carvery dinner for about $12 in O'Douls Irish bar.So a great place to stay...a full belly....What else do you want?Thoroughly recommend the Fusion.	
Oct 20 2007 	Great Stay at the Fusion	Ejoyed my stay at the fusion. This was my first visit to San Francisco and the Fusion was a great base to explore the city. The city does have a major problem with homeless people but the area round the hotel is always busy so we had no problems. If we had our time over again we might have stayed further north, but it is still a good hotel. But it may be one to avoid if you are a light sleeper cause the heating system is very noisy. Also the room was hot all the time even when it was cold outside so maybe one to avoid in the summer months. All in all a good, clean hotel in an excellent location.	
Oct 19 2007	Loved it all	We were in SF in Sept for our wedding. The location was spectacular, the staff were awesome (very helpful), the breakfast was a perfect morning start,the rooms were clean and price was very reasonable for location. The rooms were a touch small, but once unpacked enough room for two easily. My inlaws had a room facing the street and they complained of the noise, so ask for one not facing the street. Bathrooms were a little small but doable. We would absolutely go there again. Our friends that had also travelled to the city were also treated exceptionally well and tried to come to our hotel but was booked up. My only true negative point for the hotel would be that I booked thatit was our wedding and told them again at the desk which they commented they would get us a little present and in the end nothing came. But all things considered, I couldn't have asked for a better hotel!	
Oct 3 2007 	The Fusion is the place to stay when in San Fran!	I booked a vacation trip to San Francisco in the middle of September, and I was desperate to find a nice place to rest while visiting. After reading horror stories of hotels in the vicinity, The Fusion stood out from the rest. Since my apartment was being sprayed for bedbugs, the last thing I wanted to see was &quot;anything&quot; crawling in my hotel room, other than myself. I was not disappointed. The Fusion was prompt and courteous during check-in, and I was in my room no more than 15 minutes after my arrival. The room I got had a twin bed in it, and was on the 2nd floor. The bed was clean, smelled good, and had clean sheets. That was my first concern. After sitting in the room for about 30-45 minutes, I didn't notice a single thing wrong with it at all, nor did I see anything else in the room with more than two legs. If you are staying for more than a couple of days, I would advise putting the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on the door immediately upon entering the room, and keep it there until check-out, to avoid anything &quot;mysteriously coming up missing&quot; in your room. I am just paranoid like that, but believe me, it works! Check-out was just as prompt and courteous, but as a note to fellow travelers; please consider doing your own research on where to go and what to do ahead of time, to avoid being disappointed, or disturbing the nice employees at The Fusion. While i'm sure they'd be more than helpful, the internet is the most valuable resource for the out of town traveler. Do yourself a favor, and print up an agenda of where you're going, along with plenty of maps, and you will enjoy yourself 100 times more!!! I love The Fusion, and I will be coming back again.Derek Jordan	
Oct 1 2007 	Liked the Fusion	Rooms a little small but clean comfortable and modernDon't be put off by reviewers who say location is a little dodgy...it's not. Streets around hotel busy even in wee small hours and we felt very ssafe walking aroundStaff friendly and very helpful	
Sep 28 2007 	We loved Hotel Fusion!	We stayed at the Hotel Fusion for 2 weeks during August and September 2007. The Hotel was ideally located for exploring the city on foot. It is right in the middle of so many restaurants and shops, especially a wonderful icecream shop across the road called Coldstone Creamery. The Hotel itself was very clean and tidy with wonderful friendly staff who were happy to answer any questions we had and gave us lots of helpful advice about how to travel round the city. The free breakfast was scrumptious, offering toast, muffins, crossiants, juices, fruit, tea and coffee. Also free internet access was provided as well as access to a small gym! The Hotel was a two minute walk away from one of the main shopping centres as well as it being a one minute walk from the BART station which we used as transport from the airport instead of paying lots for a taxi! Pier 39 was a 45minute walk which was good offering lots of shops, attractions and you catch the boat here to Alcatraz. We also went on an amazing helicopter ride which was brilliant and i would advise everyone visiting the city to go on! The BART station was also linked to the MUNI which was ideal for visiting San Francisco Zoo where you can see the famous Gary the grizzly gulch and Wilbert the wonderful Warthog! The Hotel Fusion made our holiday perfect and is an ideal place to start exploring the fascinating city of San Francisco from.	
Sep 27 2007	Not a good experience	No air conditioning, no sink in bathroom (sink was actually outside the bathroom). Smell was terrible (room 518), couldn't figure out if it originated from humidity or some leaking structure. There was only 1 elevator - when I checked in there was a bus full of tourists arriving so I had to wait for over 15 min for the elevator to the 5th floor.	
Sep 13 2007 	Reasonably priced hotel could be great	Hotel Fusion has a great location in San Francisco. In general the rooms were nice. The first two nights we were in a room with a queen bed, and the third night we were in a full-sized. In fact the room with the full sized was nicer than that with the queen, and cheaper! Most of the rooms are centered around a court yard and a few face the street. Because there is no air con, you really need to keep a window open. However, in the room opposite ours, the couple was having some late night fun :-) and their screams could be heard reverberating around the courtyard. Otherwise, there were a lot of sirens from ambulances and firetrucks.Once the breakfast room is expanded and you can actually sit down, that will be a plus. The free internet at the business center was a real plus. Almost everything was new in the hotel, and general this is a great value. Especially good for younger people, perhaps not so good for families.	
Sep 9 2007 	Great location and incredible SF price!	Room: stayed in a King bedroom. It was just the right size and the bed was the most comfortable I've every slept on. The bathroom is a bit small and the sink has no vanity so you got to get creative with spreading out your stuff. The shower is a glass stand in shower that is cool BUT it leaks through the door crack so be prepared to mop that up so you don't slip. There is no air-conditioning which is usually fine for SF but there was a fairly warm day and our room got a bit hot. They do put a fan in the room and we cracked a window at night to keep the air circulating. There is some street noise coming from the hotel but the fan can drown out the sound. The location is awesome. Just blocks from Chinatown and Union Square which has the best shopping next to NYC Park Ave. in my opinion. We rented a car and it is a whopping $25/day to have your car parked. There is very little street parking. We needed the car to travel to wedding events and wine country but one does not need a car to enjoy SF. It is across the street from a great Sushi restaurant that is open until Midnight so go! It was yummy!	
Sep 5 2007	Excellent!	Great Deal!Nice room, but a little bit hot!Staf very nice!Right in the center of SF!	
Aug 11 2007 	Excellent location excellent price	We were hesitant to try this place, considering it was only $114 a night for two people. Being San Francisco, we were thinking you'd get what you paid for but we were so wrong. This place was a steal! Very clean, newly refurbished and best of all an awesome location - Union Square is right around the corner with some very good shopping and Westfield Shopping Center is literally a two minute walk away. We were upgraded to a king bed suite (which would have cost even more) and were plesantly surprised by the room. Sure it's small (by American standards), but who cares - it was spotless and newly refurbished with a plasma tv, a stereo system on the wall, and very comfortable bedding. The continental breakfast was very simple - coffee, juice, toast, muffins, crossaints and some oranges and apples. Richard, the concierge, was especially helpful when it came to restaurant choices and the front desk staff were all very friendly.Should we ever go back, we would certainly stay here again!	
Aug 9 2007 	You won't regret trying this hotel	This was a great experience staying at Hotel Fusion.Customer service was excellent. These guys are focused on making your stay right!Being a block from Powell St. station was sooooo convenient.Since our flight was delayed twice the day of arrival, we didn't get in till after midnight SF time. They were very helpful in getting us directed to them and then were waiting for us as we got to the door. We wanted a room with two double beds, but they offered us two separate rooms at the same price as one. Worked great. No sharing a bathroom.Don't worry about no AC you won't need it. There was no street noise from our rooms.Staff was helpful with everything we asked. Even printed our boarding passes for us before we left. No Charge.Great concierge too!	
Jul 30 2007 	cramped with good location	My dude and I have stayed in and around SFO for a couple of years now and this is our 3rd hotel.  First the Pro's: Great location, clean, good decor, coffee maker in room, and &quot;breakfast&quot; (see also cons)Cons: REALLY small room that doesn't seem meant for 2 (yes, we do have a double). luggage space is slim, as is walking room. I've hit my shins on the pointy corners of the bed too many times to remember. No hooks in bathroom (or anywhere) and a minimal amount of places to stick toiletries makes the bath a hard place to share with 1 other person. Breakfast is really continental (i.e. bread products and coffee), but at 7:45 (45 minutes after it had begun), they were already out of cream and were not replacing it (that's that!).We paid $119 for the room and think its' pretty alright, though in comparison to the Carlton hotel we stayed at last year, I would suggest staying at the Carlton Sutter, as the price is about the same, you get a little more room and the place is better thought out.	
Jul 20 2007 	All you need...	I stayed in hotel fusion for 8 nuits. While my twin room (single bed) was really small, once unpacked, it had everything one may want: very clean, practical bathroom (shower), flat screen tv with dvd player, mini-bar, assortment of snacks and sufficient storage. On the down side, my bedroom window opened onto a wall, but it was ok since not spending too much time in the room anyhow. Location is perfect; as a few minutes from Union Square, shops and restaurants; Bart and tram lines. 10 min tram from Pier 39. Breakfast was ok but unoriginal (bread, coffee, muffin) but there's a great dinner around the corner. The concierge was very helpful in organising bus tours and arranging pick up as well as an airport shuttle service ($15), much cheaper than a taxi. Overall i would recommend the hotel.	
Jul 14 2007 	ABsolutely Wonderful!	This has to be the best hotel in San Fran for its price. I booked this hotel for three friends and myself. Two of my friends decided to book another hotel because they didn't recognize the Fusion name (yes they are hotel snobs). After their first night at the other hotel, the next night they were staying at the Fusion and wished they had never changed. The staff here is incredible. The location is unbeatable (great shopping, restaurants and the best of public transportation practically outside of the door). The price was very sensible. The rooms were small but very clean and neat - almost like a European hotel room. I definitely recommend the Fusion and will be staying there in my future trips to San Fran.	
Jul 14 2007 	Great Deal	Great place to stay...good 7 day package under 700 for room on the street....a little noisy at night....you might want an inside room less noise and cost less...great location/shopping and etc...buy a 7 day pass for transportaion...you can go anywhere....we did I saw: Golden Gate Bridge, and Park...Persidio, North Beach, Fishermans Wharf, Haight Asbury, Saucilito, and just about every neighborhood in San Francisco. Being from Chicago and a little bias, I thought they should clean up the city. Too many homeless, too many beggars, too much trash. C'mon mayor clean up this place...do not go out at night alone....these homeless are not nice...one lady said she was going to cut me if I did not give her money...I told her to go away or I would kick her [--]....be careful they are Reagans street people and crazy. None like this in Chicago...clean and etc...	
Jul 8 2007 	Great hotel!	Hotel was really nice and clean. Staff was also friendly, especially one guy at the front desk. He told us all the cool spots in SF and helped us a lot. The hotel doesn't have a air-condition so the rooms are VERY hot. Location is near Tenderloin which is bad area but everything is fine as long as you don't walk right from the main doors. :)	
Jun 29 2007 	Miss San Francisco	My wife and I stayed in Hotel Fusion during summer from 3-June-2007 to 17-June-2007. Perfect 2-week stay. The room was always kept clean and tidy, the staff was always friendly and helpful, the shower was strong, no complains from us at all.The free internet was very helpful to do our research for our holidays. The LCD/plasma TV had many nice programs.Initially we were skeptical about no aircon in the hotel but this didnot affect us at all during our stay as San Francisco is always cold,even in summer.This is the most value-for-money hotel I can find for its excellent service, convenient location and comfortable rooms.Thanks for making my stay so memorable.	
Jun 26 2007	Hotel Fusion is the place	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Fusion 6-22 to 6-25. Expedia had a rating for Fusion of 2 stars. Something is terribly wrong witht the rating format. Fusion staff were very nice and helpful. The cleaning staff were on their job also. The rooms were very clean and nicely furnished and set-up in a contemporary style. The rooms are a bit small but fine for two people. I loved that the window faced Ellis Street and you could here the mood of the city. One of the best things about Fusion was I was one block frm the BART system which can get me anywere around the Bay area, one block from the Trollies, and a couple of blocks from the &quot;F&quot; bus line which takes you from the Whorf to downtown and visa versa. Just two blocks away is Weisfield shopping center, you can imagine whats in there! Shuttle service was a breeze to and from the SF airport. The Concierge was incredibly helpful and very knowledgeable. If you plan to visit SF &quot;I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE HOTEL FUSION.&quot; The price is right and you will be happy you did. Feel free to email me for any questions at lincoln44@cox.net.Tony R-Phoenix, Arizona	
Jun 19 2007 	Great Location Great Hotel	We stayed at the Hotel Fusion just a few weeks ago and I couldn't recommend it enough. The rooms are on the small side but perfect for couples-- who wants to stay in the room when you're in San Francisco, anyway? It is one block to the cable car turnaround, two blocks to the BART station, and within walking distance of at least a dozen bus stops. It was in a safe location and there is someone on duty 24/7. The front desk staff is super friendly and helpful, especially Mindy. When we wanted a late night meal one night, she immediately got on the phone and called several restaurants for us to make sure their kitchens were still open. The breakfast is quite good, although not hearty (muffins, toast, juice, etc.) There's free internet access in their business center. Basically this hotel gives you everything you need, and nothing you don't.	
Jun 15 2007 	The Fusion was a great choice	Stayed at the Fusion from June 9-12. Loved the hotel and the location. Rooms are on the small side, but there are larger ones. The most quiet ones are the ones facing the inside court. The &quot;continental&quot; breakfast is minimal, but that is to be expected with the price you pay. Hotel staff is polite and informative. Would not hesitate to stay there again or to recommend it. The best feature? Its location, one block away from Union Square.	
Jun 14 2007	Location Location Location	I got an excellent deal at the Hotel Fusion and spent a week there. They will match any rate you find online so do the research before you call to make reservations. I got a queen bed room for less than $70 per night based on their stay seven days and pay for five promotion.The hotel is in a perfect location only two blocks from the Powell Street BART station (at Market) as well as all the streetcar and bus lines that run along Market Street.The room was very clean and well furnished. The bath was a little small but very clean as well. All of the folks working at the hotel were very friendly and helpful. They have two computers you can use for free and a free continental breakfast as well.My room was very spacious with a queen bed, desk, two bedside tables, minibar, and flat screen TV. The room was large enough it probably could have been set up with two double beds with space to spare.The only downside is that there is no air conditioning and I happened to catch an unusual warm spell so open windows were a necessity. I chose a room facing the street so noise at times was a problem but more so during the day and I was rarely there during the day. They have inner rooms that I assume would be quieter.I knew all this before booking based on the reviews here and I had a choice of rooms but thought the street side would provide more of a view but really all you saw were the buildings across Ellis Street.If I am lucky enough to return to San Francisco, I would definitely stay at the Hotel Fusion again but would try one of the inner rooms this time.	
May 19 2007 	Great Hotel Grast Price	I stayed at the Hotel Fusion for 8 days taking advantage of their extended offer rates. The hotel was fantastic value for money. The location was perfect, the hotel was recently refurbished which meant everything was new and clean. My room was small although it had everything I needed. Other guests complained it was noisy although this was never a problem for me (ask for an internal room). I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a small inner city hotel.	
May 15 2007 	fantastic location-definite stay!!	Hotel fusion is a trendy hotel that's a bit on the small side but the location makes up for it. I went with my boyfriend but if I ever go back for a girls trip, I would feel safe staying here again. There a numerous restaurants just outside and loads of shopping (FCUK and H&amp;M are all stone throws away). The only complaints are that the walls are thin and the room smelled a bit musty. These in my books are minor issues.	
May 13 2007 	Excellent hotel couldn't recommend it enough	This hotel was a great choice, we can't believe how well we did in choosing it, especially for the price we paid. The reviews on this site helped us pick it in the end, and so glad we listened! Despite being close to the Tenderloin, you wouldn't know it, as long as you don't wander too far to the right of the hotel your fine. The location was perfect. One block from the BART and cable cars which was excellent. We also enjoyed shopping within blocks of the hotel with great stores to hand. The hotel staff couldn't have been more helpful, often providing us with information and printing details off from the internet for us. Our room was better than we had hoped for, with a large bathroom, fridge, cd player, comfy bed and air con unit. We chose not to have an Ellis Street view room to avoid noise disturbance, and had very peaceful night sleeps. The free buffet breakfast was a great bonus. There was no seating, but who cares? We just helped ourselves and ate in our room which was fine. San Francisco is an excellent city, and in our opinion we couldn't have picked a better hotel to use as our base. We have been recomending it to friends considering a trip, and would definately make it our first choice if we return to SF.	
May 10 2007 	average place not all bad	First the positives - handy location and good price. Clean and tidy.The negatives - no airconditioning which made a 90F evening uncomfortable. Lots of early morning sirens, ambulances and police cars, seem to pass through this area. Service variable quality - some good and helpful, some of it was surly and unhelpful. Breakfast room a bit sad (you can't sit in, you have to take your breakfast back to your room), and food very average.Also was shocked to be presented with a HUGE phone bill for some pretty limited calls, which they soon knocked back after I complained and compared it to bills in other cities in Europe, Japan and USA I had travelled through.On balance I wouldn't recommend	
May 8 2007	Great Stay Near Everything	This hotel is great for the price and location. My husband and I stayed for 2 nights in May. The room is small (think NY or Europe) but had enough room for the 2 of us. We didn't spend much time in the room anyhow. The room itself was very clean and modern with a flat screen TV. I even liked having the sink in the room and not in the bathroom. I was more convenient to get ready. The staff was very helpful but if you want something late at night you may or may not get it. We needed extra pillows at around 11 pm when we checked in and were lucky enough to get them. There was only person on staff at the point and the guy wasn't sure he could leave. I guess he worked it out. We didn't have the free breakfast so I can't comment on it, but there is so much great food around who needs it.The location is so convenient. It's right near BART and the cable car stop. It is also near all the fancy shopping in Union Square and many other sites (MOMA and AT&amp;T Park). Depending on where you walk it can be dicey. There are a lot of homeless people that will ask for money I supposed because of all the tourists around.Overall the stay was very pleasant and we would stay there again.	
May 4 2007	Hotel Fusion San Francisco	Stayed in the Hotel Fusion for one week, by myself. The hotel location was excellent, five minutes walk from Union square. It is located in the heart of the city. The hotel itself was clean well furnished, and the staff well what can I say, they were just so professional and helpful. They gave me assistance whenever I needed it, and if I ever go back to this city, would have no hesitation about staying in this hotel again.	
Apr 28 2007 	Unbelievable value for money - Stay at this hotel!	This hotel is amazing. It is in the best location in San Francisco - right by Union Square, a stone's throw away from the Bart, tram, and bus stations - absolutely perfect for seeing San Francisco, shopping and eating.I stayed in twin room (American-speak for a single room) which was quite small, but perfectly clean and newly refurbished. The bathroom was enormous and spotlessly clean. There was a flatscreen TV with DVD player, broadband internet access, an iron and ironing board and coffee percolator. Unfortunately, there wasn't a minibar - but I made do by keeping things in the icebucket filled with ice from the machine on the 4th floor! This was one of the budget rooms - the pricier ones (from peeking in during cleaning time) were much larger, more luxurious and had minibars.Breakfast was the worst aspect. Food was provided in a small room on the top floor, and there was nowhere to sit so you had to either eat standing up or take your breakfast back to your room. There was tea, coffee, juice and weird bakery items consisting of &quot;toast&quot;, &quot;muffins&quot; and &quot;croissants&quot; but it all tasted a bit like plastic to me. However, there were plenty of breakfast options in the street so perhaps that's usual for American hotels.The staff were exceptionally friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.Excuse the plug, but just by this hotel were two great restaurants - Kulitos and the Daily Grill. Really classy food for not very much money.Stay at this hotel! You'll be amazed at the price (contact them direct). Really really good.	
Apr 19 2007 	Top Hotel in for the money	Hotel Fusion is in a great location - not on one of the dodgy blocks that are VERY close to the centre as well.It has really helpful front staff and all the main areas are smartly presented.Rooms are very clean and comfortable with LCD tv and coffee making facilities - do not expect huge space however - remember the price.Will definitely stay again and recommend to family and friends.	
Apr 15 2007 	Great Place Great Price...	This is a GREAT place to stay. It is right in the center of town, and it is walking distance to all major hot spots. In 20 short minutes (walk) you are at the Fisherman's Warf, and in 3 short blocks you are in Chinatown. The Hotel is very clean and the staff could not be nicer. The rooms are a tad small, but they are kept up. There is no, diningin the hotel, but that is OK you are surrounded by great places to eat with in walking distance from the hotel. I would stay here again, no questions! Front Desk amazing and our bellman was very helpful!! Love it!	
Apr 8 2007 	Excellent choice	I read other reviews about this place, and their are all true. This place is excellent. The location is fenomenal, is literally one block from the Powell Station (BART) and Cable Car and two from Union Square. The personal was good, always willing to help. The room was great for the money, I stayed for 7 days and only pay for 5 because of a special, bargain. The room was spacious, clean, and modern with Flat screen LCD television. The bathroom was not so big but met my expectation. I don't think they have air conditioner, although I never need it. My room was 204, just in the front of the hotel, I don't think it was noisy, of course, will have noises of the street but not so bad. Actually you can hear the bell from the cable car, barely, it is great. The hotel is surrounded by a lot of place to eat, there is a subway just crossing the street. I, definitively, will return to Hotel Fusion if I come back to San Francisco.	
Apr 7 2007 	Great place good SF price	I stayed here with my boyfriend for 7 nights. we loved it. It was clean, and compact. Our room had a fridge, desk and tv as well as hanging space which was great. The location is good. It's close to Union square, and powell station. The staff are friendly and very helpful giving great restaurant, bar, and gig recommendations (and assisting in late night room changes, see below). Our first night here was very noisy. We arrived home close to 12am and realised we were in a room (facing the inside) near an air unit that was making a lot of noise. We went down to reception an hour later (around 1am) to request a room change for the next day and were given a new, larger room on the spot for no extra charge by the friendly man on the front desk. We remained in this room (205) for the rest of our stay and have no more complaints.The breakfast is a good starter. Nothing amazing, but the brown bread, croissants, coffee, orange juice and fruit make for a good (free) start to the day.I would definitely recommend this place (and if you are not happy with your room just request a room change).	
Mar 30 2007 	Great location clean great price...But bring your ear plugs	Great location, located right near all the shopping. Book through the hotel they will match expedia's rate (109 for me). The rooms are nicely sized, not too big not too small- for two people. Bathroom is TINY. No room to do anything. Walls are very thin, if you dont want to hear your neighbors then stay somewhere else.Also, no insulated windows so the street noise comes through like you were outside. If you are a light sleeper find another hotel. Our room faced the street and there was nothing but noise all night. New York City is quieter!Overall, the hotel is nice, the linens are nice, room is clean, staff is friendly, location is great. Valet parking is $30 a night. The hotel is right on the corner and can be easily missed. If you are looking for a good bargain with a great location then book this hotel...Just remember to bring your earplugs.	
Mar 29 2007 	Great hotel cannot recommend highly enough	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Fusion for a week in March, and we could not have asked for anything more. The hotel is located, as many have said before me, a block from Union Square and is brilliant for public transport as well, less than a 5 minute walk to the infamous cable cars. The staff at the hotel were wonderful, and always on hand for anything we needed (which wasn't much!) and the internet access was brilliant - we got a cable for $2 and had no problems at all with accessing the net in our room.Room wise, it was perfect for us, and given that my husband is 6&quot;6, there are not many people taller, and he had no problem with anything. The rooms may not be as big as many American hotel rooms, but when compared to most European hotel rooms, it was on a par with most of them I've stayed at (having stayed in many in England, France, Holland and Belgium). We had no problem with noise what-so-ever, but we did have an inward facing room, so that could have had something to do with it. We also had no complaints about the lack of air-con, but it didn't get over 80f while we were there - I can imagine it might be a problem in the height of summer.The only real draw-back with this hotel inflicts every hotel in the area - the number of homeless people that constantly ask you for money whenever you step out of the safety of the hotel or a shop - but we never felt in danger, just a little embarassed at times, as I felt terrible saying no - but I was told not to give in as they'll never leave you alone if they see you again...I cannot recommend Hotel Fusion highly enough, and would happily stay there again and recommend it to friends and family alike.	
Mar 26 2007	Great Hotel	This was a great hotel, centrally located between Union Square and Moscone. The rooms were clean, modern and cheap. The staff were very friendly and helpful.The brweakfast buffet was a little thin on selection, but good.	
Mar 24 2007 	Fusion=Fantastic!	My husband and I stayed at the fusion the second week in March (rainy , but still very nice). We arrived later in the evening and had some trouble finding the place, but we didn’t use the hotel’s directions, we used yahoo driving directions instead…mistake. We had no trouble checking into our room and we were upgraded to a junior suite at no charge. The room was great. It had two flat screen televisions and a nice sitting area with writing desk. The closet space is very limited however. The bathroom was large, but counter space was minimal, but I was able to put my makeup on and get ready at the writing desk- large mirror there as well. Beds were comfy. I noticed that some of the other reviews mentioned noise…I didn’t hear any. If you are worried about that, request a room on the inside of the building. Oh, and the rooms are very clean, which is a HUGE deal to me.The vibe of the hotel is young and fresh-very trendy. The hotel’s location is great and close to great food and shopping. It’s in walking distance to just about anything and if it’s not, SF public transportation is great. One minor problem, parking. We had to valet our car at $31.00 per night. All in all, a great stay for the $$$$.	
Mar 9 2007	Excellent Location......Great Price	this hotel is close to every major san francisco must see spots, CHINA TOWN, UNION SQUARE, THE B.A.R.T., FISHERMANS WARF, NOB HILL, NORTH BEACH ETC. ETC. it is a great hotel for singles or couples who want to do a weekend getaway. the hotel is an older hotel built most likely late 1800's or 1900s but san francisco is an old city so lots of old buildings.....the hotel is brought up to 2007 standards...flat screen tvs in the rooms, free internet access. the standard rooms are very small so be prepared for that if you get a standard room, we upgraded our standard room for $20.00 more per night its worth it. if you are a business traveler or a family, you might not want to stay here just because of the room sizes. you can make it word if you are not too picky. business travelers this is not your hotel.....everyone else is WELCOME.........WE HAD A GREAT TIME.	
Mar 9 2007 	Noisy...	I must admit the Hotel Fusion is a great bargain in a great location.My room was large but basic. My only compaint is that while they went to great lengths to renovate the hotel they overlooked one detail, insulated windows. I was on the 4th floor and the street noise penetrating into my room overnight was almost unbearable. I am not a light sleeper and if you are I would recommend staying somewhere else.	
Mar 8 2007	Loved the Fusion	My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel Fusion the first week of March. We were both pleasantly surprised at the cleaniness of the hotel. The decor was nice and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms are small but comfortable and cozy. The bathroom was a nice size and very clean. There's plenty of closet space too. The Fusion was affordable and in an excellent location. It is a block away from Union Square and the Powell and Market Street Cable Car Station. This was a plus for us. If you love to shop. Hotel Fusion is the perfect location. Transportation to and from local attractions were easy from this hotel. If you are planning a trip to San Francisco on a budget then I highly reccommend Hotel Fusion. Trip tips: From SFO we took the BART to Powell Street Station it was about $10 for a round trip versus $45 for a taxi or shuttle. The hotel does not have central air but during March we kept the window open for a nice breeze. Also if you are concerned with noise - stay on the 5th floor away from the elevator. If you are bringing a lap top - you need your own cable however the hotel has a business center with 2 computers for guest use.	
Mar 6 2007	We loved the Fusion	We stayed 4 nights over President's Day weekend and loved the Fusion. It has a great location, near Union Square, the Powell St. cable car and the BART station.We booked their &quot;Climb Halfway to the Stars&quot; online, which is a great deal because it includes a pass valid for all busses, streetcars and cable cars (but not BART). It was a bargain.We arrived after midnight and the desk clerk asked if we had a room preference. We hadn't stayed there before, so we just asked for something nice and I think we got the nicest double room in the hotel #528. It was a corner unit with extra windows and was a great value for the price we paid ($109 weeknights/$119 weekends). The rooms are not particularly large, but it was fine for the price.Their free continental breakfast was nothing special, but it was convenient.The room was very clean and the shower pressure was superb. Oh man, I miss that shower. The room faced the street, but was not noisy. I loved that when we opened the windows we could hear the clang, clang of the cable cars one street over.The staff was uniformly friendly. We're fairly independent travelers, so we don't ask for a lot from a hotel staff, but these guys seemed to be giving other people good advice.We'd definitely go back.	
Mar 5 2007 	Great!!!	My friends and I had a wonderful stay at the Hotel Fusion. The hotel is new and nicely remodeled. The people that worked there were helpful and friendly. We stayed in Rm 405. It was on the 4th floor, but the city noise is still pretty loud. It was surprisingly warm this weekend so the windows were open. I don't think the noise would have been so bad if the windows were closed. I would highly recommendthis hotel. Thanks!	
Feb 28 2007 	Great Value and No Complaints	Since this is a new hotel without much of a following yet, there are some very good rates available at this timeMy room was a single room. I've rarely seen a hotel in the United States offer a single room, and I applaud them for offering solo travelers an opportunity to pay only for space they're using rather than forcing them to pay for two. Some may say this room is very small, but if you're used to staying in single rooms around Europe, you'll find this room very nicely sized with a good shower large enough to turn around in. Everything in the room was new, fresh and clean. I felt like I was the first person using it all. It was very comfortable with good heating and hot water. The bathroom had a nice line of complimentary toiletries. The room had a flat screen television of a good size and a quality clock radio. There was a basket of snacks for purchase on the desk, and unlike most mini-bar arrangements, prices were reasonable.The included breakfast was set up in a small room two doors down from me. It was a self serve arrangement of packaged croissants, muffins etc. There was decent coffee and juices as well as a basket of oranges and sometimes apples. USA Today was available in the lobby for free. While the breakfast was nothing exciting, I wasn't expecting any breakfast at all to be included, so it was a nice convenience and money saver. I found the best way to take it was to put on my robe and go to the breakfast room and fill a plate and coffee and juice cups and take it back to my room and eat comfortably. I got some strange looks from other guests, but it didn't look like such a great idea to stand around in the small crowded room or hallway having breakfast.The location of the hotel was superb. It was very close to Union Square, the theatres, shops and many nice restaurants. If you take the BART in from the airport, the hotel is very close to the station.The staff at the hotel were very nice and helpful. The evening after I checked out, I returned to pick up my stored luggage. The gentleman who helped me invited me to sit down and have a cup of free coffee in the lobby, freshen up in the bathroom etc. before my overnight flight. While most hotels wouldn't refuse these things, it's unusual but nice to be offered use of the hotel's facilities after checking out.This is not the kind of cute small San Francisco hotel with teddy bears on the beds. It is more of a functional decor, but it has a pleasant and restful appearance.My only negative of this experience was dealing with Expedia in booking the hotel. Several days after I booked, the price for my stay dropped over $100.00. Expedia refused to give me the new lower rate making it necessary for me to cancel and rebook incurring an unfair cancellation penalty of $25 as well as voiding a $50 discount Expedia coupon I applied to the stay - a loss of $75.In the future I would book directly with the hotel. They say in their website they honor low rates offered on other websites.	
Feb 5 2007	Basic but a true bargain	There is no question but that Hotel Fusion is one of the best bargains in this trendy part of San Francisco, in very easy walking distance (four blocks) to the Moscone Center. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and very good at problem solving.The downside is that Hotel Fusion is an old apartment building or hotel remodeled into small, very attractive, hotel rooms. Thus the bathrooms are what you'd find in a tiny house -- quirky. Postives: The bed was new and comfy; the internet connection was fast (you need to bring a long cable unless you want to sit on the floor next to the wall) and the room was spotlessly clean and well-maintained throughout my stay. The hotel was also quiet, even though it seemed to be booked full.Negatives: The bathrooms have standalone sinks with NO counterspace whatsoever. There was no full-length mirror -- a problem on a business trip when you need to make sure you looked pulled together. The lighting in the room was extremely dim. Poorly controlled heat was a problem during my January stay: a modern interface had been attached to an old radiator, so even if you turned the heat &quot;off,&quot; the pipes gave off enough heat to make the room like a blast furnace, requiring that you open the windows. (Obviously, this would not be a problem in the summer.) When I complained, the staff graciously moved me to a slightly less toasty room.So, a mixed experience. I'd be more likely to stay there for a one-night visit than for an extended business trip.	
Jan 28 2007 	Location 	I have stayed in many hotels in the Union Sq area over the years and this is one of the better ones available today. Its been renovated, I mean really done up well! Everything seems new and clean. The flat panel TV's are a nice touch. The rooms themselves are on the small side, buy laid out well and are extrea clean and well furnished. Depending upon which side you face, it can be a bit noisy, but considering the age of the building, no real problem. Get a room on the highest floor possible. Staff is very friendly and helpful. As everybody has already stated, the location one block off Powell is hard to beat. Very easy to grab a cab right outside the front entrance. Definitely a bargain in todays SFO hotel market!	
Jan 25 2007	Nice Hotel for the $	We stayed at the Hotel Fusion during Fleet Weekend. The hotel is near union square and the Powell St cable car. The location couldn't be better. Check in was uneventful. Our room wasn't ready, but we were there at noon. We left our bags and went to lunch and when we returned our room was ready as promised. The rooms are small but nice. Ours had a king bed, fridge and a nicely redone bath. No air conditioning and because it was very warm we needed to have the window open at night. The street noise was pretty bad, but I knew that would be the case when I booked the room. Overall I would say we got a good value for our money.	
Jan 19 2007 	Trust the concierge	All other reviews are right on regarding the wonderful location. Certain rooms face into the building and are quieter, but smaller, so decide what is most important., Our room was tiny but well-decorated and noiseproof -- far away from the elevator, too, so not a lot of hall traffic. The bed was firm yet comfortable. But here is the best part: Concierge Rick knows his stuff when it comes to restaurant recommendations. Dining is very important to me when I visit, and he really hit the mark. Do not miss Farmer Brown, an organic soul food restaurant, just a couple of blocks away. He also had a list of places in the Mission District I'm dying to try. Everyone on staff here is superb, but he was outstanding.	
Jan 4 2007 	great location inexpensive close to the action without being noisy	having stayed twice before in SF, I wanted something close to the action without being too noisy or expensive and despite being very new, I gave this a go.No regrets - good value, friendly staff, large room (set up for disabled?), only problem was with the shower which was fixed, could have done with more storage for my shopping and don't worry about the continental breakfast - go up powell to the diner and don't have to stop for lunch!Quieter than being closer to powell with the cable car bells, but close enough to get off the cable car or metro and traipse home without going too far up the hill or past too many winos.Very recommendedfor things to do - try the USS Hornet aircraft carrier in Alameda especially on a damp day when you have lots of energy for walking and steps! Great knowledgable crew who even gave me a lift from the ferry terminal!	
Nov 30 2006 	Hotel Fusion - More Bang than Buck	Great Location - Staff is superb - full of energy and great restaurant recommendations. The location is around the corner from Public Trasport, around the corner from Union Square, across from great restaurants - and the staff - they are so kind and fun to chat with. They remembered my name and welcomed me anytime I had a question. The room is cozy about 15 x 15. But but I wasn't there to stay in the room even tho it was nicely decorated - great water pressure in the shower &amp; great toiletries.	
Nov 2 2006 	Clean pleasant and a great location	I thought my room was delightful. The room had a twin bed and was small but well laid out. The room had a fridge, there was a hair dryer in the bathroom and an iron and ironing board in the closet. The closet was large enough to accommodate all my stuff, but it works best if you keep your clothes and toiletries organised. The room was fresh and clean and the decor was soothing and relaxing with a contemporary feel. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was spotless, I loved the big fluffy towels, and the shampoo and soap that had been put out. The staff was friendly and helpful, the only downside was that my wakeup call came one hour earlier than I had requested. The concierge was very helpful and arranged for an airport shuttle for me, which came promptly. The location is excellent, close to great shopping, Chinatown, the cable car and the BART, and while the immediate area is safe, one should be vigilant as there are some unsavoury characters wandering around. The breakfast was nothing great, but there is a microwave in the breakfast room so you can bring back a doggy-bag from your favourite restaurant and reheat it later. I would definitely come back again. I booked through Expedia and was well pleased with the price and felt that I received good value for my money.	
Oct 27 2006 	You Cannot Do Better For The Price/Location In S.F.	We were a little concerned and scared booking this hotel because the price was so reasonable, and the location was so great. We had a Queen room (Standard room), and the rate was $109/nt. The hotel directly was willing to match any online price we found, so we just booked it directly. You will pay $33/day to Valet for the day, but you are allowed to take your car in and out as many times as you wish. That is really the only parking option, as street parking is limited by both time and availability. The hotel is in a GREAT location. Right in the heart of Union Square. The cable car is about 2 blocks (Right outside the GAP), as is tons of shopping, i.e. GAP, OAKLEY, MACY'S, PUMA, etc. The area is very nice and safe. There are plenty of restaurants, etc. in the vacinity.Now for the rooms. The hotel looks like it is brand new. It is seriously as if it opened a week before we were there. The ONLY drawback to the rooms is the size. They are slightly smaller than the average room, but not a big deal at all. Flat screen TV on the wall, very clean and nice overall. Don't expect a nice breakfast. Just muffins, toast, OJ, etc., but totally sufficient. I am not kidding you, this place is great, and you won't find another hotel in this area for the price. People mentioned on the reviews it was noisy. We didn't find that at all. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone, and I am very picky when it comes to hotel rooms.....Feel free to e-mail me with any questions you may have. jonrhanson@hotmail.com	
Oct 22 2006 	Great location and comfortable hotel	Fantastic location -- I felt safe as a solo traveler. Great shopping and restaraunts nearby. Had a few minor problems with my room and the staff was very accomodating and switched me to another room immediately. Very clean bathrooms, nice showers. Comfortable bed and the flat screen TV was nice. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 16 2006 	Not worth it	Kinda' bummed because I paid top dollar to stay here for a week ($225/night). I did get a top floor room but there was nothing very special about it. There was no adequate work space for a laptop. Also, there was no wireless, you need to hardwire into a network jack that's located behind the bed(!), AND they charge you a few bucks if you don't have your own cable. The bathroom was small and not very accomodating. No counter space or table to place your toiletry items. Ugly colors in the bathroom too. The gym, and I can barely call it a gym, is in the basement. It's one crappy treadmill, an even crappier eliptical, and a few dumbells, all in the room the size of a large walk-in closet. Perhaps the most laughable part of my stay was the &quot;included&quot; breakfast. It consisted of Sam's Club-purchased muffins, croissants, and white sandwich bread that you could use to make toast. Probably the stalest breakfast foods I've ever tasted. To wash down these tasty morsels was watered down OJ dispensed from a machine.As for the good, location I suppose. Within walking distance of Union Square and some key shopping. The concierge was very good, always suggesting good places to go and quite friendly. Also the king size bed was very comfortable.If you're looking for a good place to stay in downtown San Fran, keep looking.	
Oct 16 2006	I Must Be Missing Something	We just returned from a 2 night stay at the Fusion and will not be staying there again. Check-in took forever since there was only 1 person working the front desk and there were 3 other parties ahead of us. We were told the manager had instructed the front desk to give us an upgrade to a suite because they were out of the type of room we had reserved (a deluxe double which we booked 2 months in advance). The elevator was not working on the way up to our 5th fl. room so we had to walk up the entire way. We just figured this has got to be a temporary thing and we'll overlook it ...as it turns out, the elevator was broke off and on all weekend and our &quot;suite&quot; turned out to be a regular size hotel room divided in half. One half had a daybed which was only good for putting your luggage on seeing that the closet was the size of a gym locker (about 12 inches wide). The room with the bed was totally claustophobic. After returning from dinner we noticed an incredible noise that sounded like a helicopter was on the roof directly above us. We called the front desk to request a room change and they moved us to a room directly below the last room we were in. Same problem ..tons of noise. Called the front desk again and they were finally able to come up with a regular room (which is what we wanted all along and what we had booked originally). This room was much better ...bigger room, bigger closet and no noise from the roof. Only problem was it faced the street and and in teh middle of the night you could hear bottles being thrown in a garbage truck and lots of late-nite revelers.At $225/night we expected more. I know you don't get much for your money in a big city but I'm sure we could have done a lot better for the money.	
Oct 10 2006 	rip off	This hotel is in bad shape!! It is loud, dark, hot and stinky!! The pictures and website are very deceiving. They have a good idea going but it has not been implemented.	
Oct 9 2006 	boutique chic for cheap!	Pretty much flawless for a two to three-star property. The service was adequate though there was a bit of a language barrier at check in. It is however, spotlessly clean and in an incredible location - just 1 (short) block to the Powell cablecar, 1 block to Market street with streetcars, buses, Muni subway, and BART. You can go anywhere in the city or the bay area. There are many restaurants from fast food to fine dining in a couple of block radius. There is quite literally a Walgreen's drug store on every block in case you forgot your toothbrush.Formerly the Gates Hotel, purchased by San Fran's ctwo chain and totally renovated inside and out. Virtually no trace remains of the original save for some of the wood trim around the windows and stairs. It feels like a brand new hotel. There are three distinct design themes at play. The first is modern asian, found in the lobby and the rooms. The second is what I like to call &quot;modern american hotel&quot; in the guest hallways - serously is there some kind of law about vertically striped wallpaper in two-tone beige? Every hotel I stayed in on this trip had the same wallpaper in the halls. The third theme, found in the bathroom is retro 30s-40s. We're talking turqoise walls, small mosaic tiles and chrome fixtures. Note that while the building does appear to be that vintage - the facade has art deco touches - the bathroom was all new from top to bottom.The Room - a &quot;Deluxe Queen&quot; was smaller than your average American hotel room but adequate for one person. I'm not sure you'd want to put even a couple in it as there was only space for one side table by the bed, plus a small writing desk, minibar, and a single closet. Larger rooms, available for a slightly higher rate, might be a better choice if you have children or mobility problems.3 simple improvements they could make: a clothing hook in the bathroom, one of those curved shower curtain rods for a little more space in the shower (tub is standard size) and change the flourescent lights in the hallway to something with a bit more character, or at least turn half of them off at night so less light bleeds under the door.The free breakfast is a bit cheap - toast, mini muffins, croissants with butter and jelly. Coffee, tea, orange or cranberry juice, and some rather sad looking oranges and apples. But very much in line with what you get at this level.All in all a great stay and a great value for downtown San Francisco. I will be back for sure.	
Oct 2 2006 	great hotel	A friend and I stayed at Hotel Fusion Sept 26 for 2 nights. It has a great location - very close to Union Square and the cable car turnaround, near the Visitor Centre and BART. The rooms were clean, a bit small though, but very nicely decorated. The staff was friendly and helpful. The free breakfast was on from 7am to 930am - they had muffins, bread to toast and crossants, as well as juice, coffee and tea. We had a great experince at Hotel Fusion and highly recommend it!!!	
Sep 28 2006 	Good price excellent location	Room was small, but clean and comfortable. Didn't try the complimentary breakfast.Location was great, very near the Powell Street cable car turntable and BART station, which made getting to the airport really easy.If you arrive late and can't be bothered to go wandering around looking for somewhere to eat, you could do a lot worse than try the Italian restaurant opposite, Puccini &amp; Pinetti.If you are sightseeing, I also highly recommend getting a 3 day or 7 day MUNI passport, which allows you unlimited rides on all Muni vehicles, including the cable cars and historic street cars.	
Sep 28 2006 	Great Value for Money	After reading the glowing reviews here, I decided to take a chance on the Fusion and was happy with the experience overall. The front desk staff and the concierges were extremely friendly and courteous. My room was impeccably decorated and immaculately maintained, and even contained some of the little flourishes you find in top properties (like the way the towels were laid out, one of them in a flower-like shape). There was a sizeable flat panel TV in the room, and to my surprise, free high-speed internet access (according to the offering description on Hotels, internet access was supposed to be an additional charge for me – I did have to pay $3 for a connection cable since I didn’t have my own, but that covered the entire 7-day stay I was there). The hotel is located in prime tourist area and extremely convenient to public transportation (be careful about wandering just a few blocks to the west though, as you end up in the notorious Tenderloin -- its proximity isn’t really a concern if you just don’t go there). Now here come my gripes: The internet connection jack was right behind the bed’s headboard, which means I had to use my laptop on the bed instead of at the desk. This got fatiguing after a while.Another thing: Sometimes there was a humming noise in my room. Not sure if it was the pipes or what.Also, the maid service left something to be desired. One morning, around 8 AM, one of the maids tried to enter the room without knocking first. Granted, I didn’t have the DO NOT DISTURB sign on the door, but I think they should always knock before entering, especially at that hour.On another day, I placed a tip for the maid on the pillow then left for a few hours. When I came back, the room still was not made up but the tip was gone. I found that really weird.On another day, one of the maids disturbed my afternoon nap to ask if she had left a cell phone in my room (she hadn’t).The real kicker came after I checked out. While checking out at the front desk I was asked if I had drunk any of the bottles of Evian in the room. I answered no, but thought to myself “What Evian?”, as I had never seen any bottles of water in the room (and even if I had, I wouldn’t have been stupid enough to consume them, given the ridiculous prices of mini-bar type items). When I got home, I checked my credit card bill and found an extra charge from the Hotel Fusion for $7.90. I called the hotel and got put through to the manager, who explained to me that the charge was for Evian bottles. When I told him that there had never been any Evian in the room, he contacted the housekeeping staff, who insisted that there was. I reiterated that there wasn’t, so he told me he would remove the charge immediately, but did so in a manner as if to say “I’m not sure if I believe you”. I suppose he has no way of knowing who is telling the truth in this situation, but that just added insult to injury. It certainly made me regret tipping the maids as much as I did.However, these negatives don’t even come close to outweighing the positives of the hotel. I booked my reservation through hotels.com and got an excellent weekly rate. Really, it’s hard to believe that this is only rated as a 2* hotel, since it is just so nice. Okay, so the breakfast consists of synthetic muffins, but I don’t care about breakfast anyway.	
Sep 26 2006 	Great location Great time	We took a trip to San Francisco over Labor Day weekend and wanted to post a thank you to all the people who have written such great reviews of Hotel Fusion! Your reviews are right on; in fact, throughout our stay, I kept saying to my husband &quot;the reviews mentioned this&quot; or &quot;they mentioned that.&quot; The street noise and meager breakfast were our only complaints, but we expected them because of the reviews! This is a wonderful place to stay at a decent price in the heart of the city. It was so close to BART (We flew into Oakland, did AirBART then BART to Powell Street). And we were right on a bus line to our daughter's new pad - couldn't have been easier. The lack of air conditioning should not be a problem now that the warmest part of the season is over. You can request a fan as we did - my husband needs white noise for sleeping, so it drowned out most of the 3:30 am garbage truck noise. If street noise will bother you, I highly recommend requesting an interior room. (My husband returned the following week for a convention and had an interior room, which he said was much quieter.) We enjoyed watching the neighborhood go to sleep and wake up outside our window too much to worry about noise. Great shower, great towels and linens, cool TV. We were very comfortable each night after long days of sightseeing. Thanks everyone!	
Sep 25 2006 	Never Ever Want To Come Back	I usually stay across the street at the Monticello Inn, but since they were booked and the Fusion was a new hotel I thought I would give it a try. From the very beginning (at check in) it seemed that no one really knew what they were doing. The check in process seemed to last for days. The room that I was assigned to was an accessible room. Which was also located next to a &quot;storage room&quot; little did I know that it also meant that there would be a constant loud motor humming sound/vibration to my room. Although there is free high speed internet, it's not wireless...so remember to bring your own cord or else be prepared to be charged a fee.The bed was hard, and the room was warm (no AC) so I had to make do with fans to cool my room off. The shower head was broken so a sit down shower was my only option.The valet parking is not actually with the hotel. They work with another company, so they can only guess what is going on with your car. I tried to fit my car into their valet area, I told the bell captain/concierge who then said that my car would get ticketed if I left it there. Instead of moving the car himself he asked me to move it because he didn't know when the valet service was going to be picking up the car. I had to get back into my car and move it myself...why was I paying over $30 a day for?It doesn't feel as though many of the workers at Hotel Fusion have a clear understanding about what their job is or what customer service means. I really do suggest paying more to stay somewhere else.	
Aug 21 2006 	Comfortable and modern	Surprisingly modern. It feels like a small hotel, but the rooms are perfect. Very clean, very modern, great shower. Helpful staff. Only stayed one night, but it is a really good location.	
Aug 20 2006 	Nice Hotel Great Value	Have a great stay at the hotel for a week ... the room is clean and service is good.. Near to Union Square and some nice resturant near to the hotel.. For the the price i pay its really is value for money	
Aug 19 2006 	cozy and nice hotel right in the city center	Fusion hotel is just right in San Francisco city centre, few steps from Union Square. The rooms are a bit small but clean and well furnished. Our queen size bed was comfortable and the bathroom was good with great shower. Our room had a flat screen tv and wireless internet (with low fare). Staff was friendly and helpful but they don't have delivery to me an email. The breakfast is included but they do not have restaurant and the customer is forced to carry it in room.	
Jul 24 2006 	Nice Hotel	I paid $132/night--a good rate for the Union Square area. Hotel was very nice and rooms were clean. Pros: Hotel staff very friendly and helpful, room was nicely decorated and spotlessley clean, location was convenient to BART and lots of shopping.Cons: No in-room movies (as advertised on the hotel's website), continental breakfast was the cheapest I've every seen. A staff member did tell me they plan to upgrade it in the next few weeks, air conditioning did not work, location is noisy (any hotel in this area is probably noisy).Overall, I liked it and would stay again. I don't think you can beat it for the price!	
Jul 20 2006 	Loved the Fusion - Great Hotel	Hi,My girlfriend and I stayed at the Fusion June 26th - July 3rd.Arrived early afternoon, and had no problem checking in.All the staff we encountered during our stay were very curtious, friendly and helpful. Everyone from the front desk to recetion to the cleaning staff.Had no problem with street noise - you're in the middle of one of the most popular areas of the city, and noise is to be expected.The hotel is 2 minutes away from Powell Street turntable/BART station/Market Street (they are literally just around the corner), and only a few more minutes away from Union Square.The hotel has recently been completely refurbished, and is a real gem.The room was on the 5th floor overlooking the street. A great room - a fair size with all new furniture, fixtures and fittings. Extremely comfortable bed, and a nice large LCD TV on the wall at the end - perfect to watch the World Cup whilst laying in bed (8am in the morning remember).Nice bathroom.I would without question stay at the Fusion again, and would whole-heartedly recommend that you do the same.5/5. Cheers,Shane :-)	
Jul 17 2006	Clean and Friendly	We just got back yesterday from our trip to San Francisc(July 16/06). Want everyone to know our stay at the Fusion was great! Staff was very friendly and suggested great places to eat. It was very clean everytime the maid came to clean it looked like the first time we got there. Everything was in it's place. Although the rooms were small they were very cozy and we had a flat screen tv too. We would recommend this hotel to all of our friends and anyone who is still deciding where to stay. It is also close to all the great shopping and restaurants. We will definitely consider staying there again. We want to thank the staff at the Fusion for making us feel welcome especially Rich who recommended we eat at Boca and Peppe. Great restaurant for kids too. Hope to see you again.	
Jul 4 2006	Nice Little Hotel for the money	We take monthly weekend trips to SF to escape the Central California heat in the summer, and thought we knew most of the hotels in the Union Square area, but had walked by the Fusion before (we've stayed at the Monticello Inn across the street) without ever noticing it (until this time, when we saw the big sign outside - duh !) We booked it due to their low rates compared to the competition for a Friday night stay, and we were very pleased at how well the building had been renovated - literally everying was in near-brand new condition, and in great shape, from the lobby, to the elevator (there are still a lot of old ones in many of the smaller budget SF hotels), to all the carpeting, windows (which actually open easily), to the furnishings, including a nice wide flat screen tv. Our only minor complaints were that the room was on the small side, as are most SF boutique hotels, the sink is not in the bathroom, but outside it, and we got a full size bed (for 2 of us), where we'd rather have had at least a queen, and the parking was not very convenient (the valet parking was $33, which we though was too high, so we ended up parking at the Union Square garage and paid about the same - duh on us again - ). The staff was very friendly, and the location is great - just a block from the cable cars, and three blocks from Union Square, and it's a safe area to be in at night. We'd definately stay here again, and would recommend it to singles or couples (but not to families, due to the smaller size rooms).	
Jun 28 2006	A good boutique hotel	Decided to stay at Hotel Fusion with my partner on the basis of decent reviews in expedia through which we had booked a 2-nights' stay in late June. The recently revamped hotel pleased on most accounts - location was perfect, the room was bright, furniture was new, staff were friendly. The room rate included buffet breakfast - well, free flow of juices, coffee, muffins and toasts - which meant that we did not have to scurry out for food in the morning. We even managed to tap into the wireless connection of a neighbouring building and free internet access.It would have been a dream stay for the price except for a little - or for some, a rather major issue. As the rooms do not come with air-conditioning, leaving the windows opened - it was summer after all, meant that we had to put up with the street noise along Ellis Street all through the day and night. This included the occasional screaming drunkard and blaring fire engines as well as car alarms. Closing the windows, on the other hand, led to sweaty sheets. Must say that the 2 nights there had not been very restful.For this reason, a &quot;3&quot; rating (well &quot;3.5&quot; score would have been more appropriate) has to be awarded. Would still happily recommend the hotel to budget travellers who want a clean and functional hotel next to Market/Powell and Union Square.	
Jun 27 2006	Great little hotel in Union Square	I was a little skeptical because the price was so much less than the &quot;big&quot; hotels around Union Square--I really thought I was going to be in a sketchy neighborhood. I couldn't have been more pleasantly surprised by the location. It is kitty-corner from the Renaissance Parc 55--right in the middle of restuarants and an easy block away from shopping.Yes, the rooms are small and basic. But, they are impeccably clean and well-appointed. Towels were soft and large, bed linens were new and of high-quality, and bathroom was stocked with generous amounts of Rusk products. And surprisingly for an older building in San Francisco, the hallways did not have that musty old building smell. Hard to find ice machine (there is only one on the fourth floor) but the front desk was easy to reach and helpful. The free breakfast was really only bread with a super-slow toaster, muffins, coffee/tea/hot cocoa, and juice--nothing very exciting. But with such great restaurants around--who wants to eat at the hotel anyway.....I felt that for the price paid, I couldn't have asked for a better place to stay. I will stay here again next time I'm in SFO.	
Jun 26 2006	Great stay and location		
Jun 18 2006	Loved the Fusion		
Jun 15 2006	Bare-bones hotel but very clean		
Jun 13 2006	Great Deal!!		
Jun 13 2006	Lovely staff nice clean hotel		
May 25 2006	Not bad at all		
May 13 2006	Good value place to stay		
Apr 6 2006	well located hotel		
Mar 28 2006 	What a relief		
Nov 13 2009 	Perfekte Lage toller Service guter Preis. Gerne wieder!!!		
Oct 1 2009 	Cómodo pero mejorable aunque muy bien situado		
Jul 20 2009 	Excellent choix confortable très central et économique		
Dec 30 2008 	?????????????		
Nov 16 2008 	Hotel con un precio razonable y bien comunicado		
Oct 21 2008 	excelencia en servicio		
Oct 8 2008 	Terriblement décevant		
Sep 14 2008	Idéalement situé		
Aug 27 2008 	hôtel correct propre idéalement situé		
Aug 20 2008 	Hôtel situé à l'endroit idéal		
Aug 10 2008	Nichts für Geräuschempfindliche!		
Jul 16 2008 	Geniales Hotel		
Jun 16 2008 	Bon hôtel pour sa catégorie		
Mar 23 2008	Muy buena relación calidad precio		
Jan 14 2008 	Parfait rapport qualité-prix		
Jan 11 2008 	hotel comodo		
Nov 9 2007 	Beste Lage gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Sep 7 2007 	Vicino a tutto lontano da niente!!		
Sep 4 2007	Poco confortevole		
Feb 28 2007	Le trio gagnat: propreté situation qualité/prix		
