Nov 23 2009 	We liked this motel	We decided to stay in this motel becouse of free parking, but we were pleasenty surprised that this motel is located in the hart of SanFrancisco (cable car stop only 2 blocks away), rooms were comfortable and clean. Only breakfast is poor, but you get a croissant and coffee...	
Oct 11 2009 	Great location in the heart of San Francisco	We were pleased that parking was free .Our room was very quiet and very clean.The owners were helpful and provided tips of how to get around the city etc.We will definitely stay here again if we get back to San Francisco	
Oct 9 2009 	It's a MOTEL	Family vacation for 4. Last minute vacation plans from Reno, NV to San Francisco, CA. Looked on line - Nob Hill rcvd high marks. Free parking, reasonable rates. Contacted them directly and rcvd a cheaper price than I found on line. Upon arrival, we noticed the neighborhood wasn't so nice. Entered the hotel parking area and noticed it was a MOTEL. Wow, were we shocked. No where did it say it was a MOTEL. We aren't MOTEL people. Courtyard is the lowest we go. They have a lobby. This place had a window and room for two people to stand at the counter.We wouldn't have stayed here if we new it was a MOTEL.We went out for dinner the first night...scary neighborhood. Nob Hill is the rich area...this is as far from ritzy as you could find. Coulndn't walk to anything really and feel safe.Would not stay here again.	
Sep 10 2009 	Avoid this property if you need a quiet night!	My family and I stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn from August 11 to August 12, 2009, and our stay was nothing short of terrible. Once we: (1) drove up to the property and realized that the photo on its website is not at all representative of the rest of the building; (2) learned after checking in that the advertised “Continental Breakfast” would be nothing more than some sweet rolls on a plate in the office; and (3) entered our room and immediately noticed that it certainly had not been “newly renovated” and heard every footstep of the family in the suite above us, we knew that the property had been misrepresented to us and the public and that we had made a gigantic mistake in selecting this motel. I asked the manager if there was another suite to which we could move and she told me that no other large enough room was available for the four of us, but she urged me to let her know if we had any problems, because she could only help us if she knew about our problems. I later called her twice, including a final call at 11:30 p.m., during which she dismissed my suggestion that the floor/ceiling above us was either paper thin or poorly constructed. In fairness to her, I believe she tried to get the family upstairs to settle down and stop galloping around their suite, but ultimately, she admitted there was nothing more she could do to quiet them down to give us a peaceful night’s rest. As a result of her inability to provide what is supposed to be its primary service—a good night’s sleep—we all spent most of the final night of our vacation awake and fuming that we had spent over $200 to be totally miserable. Travelers considering this motel should also know that in our room: (1) the bathroom door did not fit squarely within its jamb, making all activities in the bathroom quite evident to those in the room; (2) the soft and deformed mattresses and lumpy pillows on the beds are way overdue for replacement; and (3) the “mattress” on the sofa bed was so thin and worn and overall awful that the property should not even refer to it as a place to sleep. Before we checked out, I took my family to a nearby restaurant on Polk Street and spent $48.00 to feed them in a manner comparable to our free in-hotel breakfasts around Northern California. The manager told me when we checked in that what her property offers is just like what all the other hotels they have visited offer their guests. I’m not sure where they vacation, but I have no doubt what families have come to expect when a hotel advertises a “continental breakfast” and her plate of sweet rolls is a far cry from that and I think she knows it! When we checked out, the manager apologized but was unwilling to offer any compensation for our misery.	
Sep 8 2009 	Reasonably priced clean comfortable and conveniently located.	Very friendly and helpful husband and wife management team. Spacious room equipped with microwave, small refridgerator and coffee maker. Within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square and Chinatown. Plenty of good restaurants nearby. We will be back!	
Aug 25 2009 	Clean comfortable quiet great location and free parking!	We stayed here on a Thursday night - quiet room for being so close to Van Ness Ave. Room clean and well laid out, bathroom large. No tub, but a very spacious shower stall. Microwave and refrigerator handy. The TV was not the best as it was a tired, old school version. We only watched a little news for the weather report which was fine. The free breakfast was a bit o' fruit and donuts, packaged pastries, coffee/tea. Instead, we ate dinner leftovers which we saved in the little room refrigerator. The managers (owners?) were helpful and offered us maps and guides, but we have been coming to the city for years so know our way around. Great location for walking to shops (Whole Foods is about four blocks south, just east of Van Ness). Next door (corner of Van Ness and Pacific) is pricey looking restaurant for dinner if you want to splurge. We didn't. Cable car, bus lines and trolleys all around so easy to get to Union Square or to take the bus straight up Van Ness to Ghiradelli Square area. Best news to report: free parking at the inn!! The lot is a carport with all the rooms above - in a horseshoe style. We had a big vehicle but were able to fit the thing in with the other SUVs. Easier of course, if you have a small car. We stayed on the top floor (technically the third floor). No real view.	
Jul 4 2009	Good location friendly owners free parking	Stayed here on the last day of our 2 week trip, before returning to Europe. We left the car in the parking lot and took (long) walks from there. Surprisingly quiet at night (Van Ness is just around the corner), but beware of 2nd floor footstep noises (we staued at the 1st floor).Price was a little steep (95 Euro = USD 130), but compared with the Lombard Street motels (all around USD 100) we felt it was worth the extra money. Small breakfast included.Got some good tips from the owner. Free WiFi.	
Jun 15 2009 	well managed motel	The manager and his wife were very helpful to us in explaining what to see and where to avoid. The room was clean and had parking which is not easy to find in San Francisco. We also got a good rate. The breakfast didn't have a lot of choices, but everything else was great.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great Location Free Parking	My husband and I took this trip as a break from our nine month old daughter. We were looking for something that was clean and centrally located with free parking (hard to find in San Francisco) And affordable. This hotel offers all of that plus an extremely friendly and helpful staff. On the day we checked out, they let us keep our car parked in their lot for four extra hours while we finished up some souveneir shopping. The managers, a husband and wife, were very knowledgeable about San Francisco's districts. They let us know which ones were safe to walk in and which one's were not. Rather than use our car in the city, the manager recommended we use the muni passport. 18 dollars for a 3 day pass was well worth it! You can buy the pass just three blocks away from the hotel and it allows you access to all city transportation, including the cable cars. The nearest bus stop is just one block away, and that line takes you straight to the waterfront area (one block away front the cable car stop, a few blocks away from pier 39). Our hotel room was spotless both days we were there (even after we left late our second day and thought they might skip our room.) The refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker looked brand new and worked great! The king bed in our room was comfortable and the bathroom was very roomy. There was no bathtub in our room, but the shower was huge. The hotel complex is closed to the street except for the driveway, so the noise level was nearly nonexistant: we both slept very well.If your looking for a luxury hotel, this is not it. But, if you're looking for a hotel with a great location, free parking, is clean and is centrally located for a great price (we paid $69 a night), this place is for you.	
May 8 2009 	Stay Here! You won't be disappointed.	The Nob Hill motel is a great place to stay right in the heart of San Francisco. It was affordable, clean, and included parking (which, apparently, is a rarity in San Fran). The owners are happy to pull out a map of the city and highlight where to go...and where not to! It's located within walking distance of the Wharf, Union Square, and Downtown, and there are plenty of restaurants and bars to keep ones spirits up. I will definitely be staying with them again. You should too!	
Apr 13 2009 	Perfect location great value problem in my room	It is perfectly located in the centre of SF - you can reach any area of the city really fast. Bus and cable car stops close by. But very quiet!! Free parking, WIFI works. My room was small, which is allright for the price. Only problem: There was a certain bad smell from the sink which I alerted the staff of. Probably some old plumbings. But nothing to get terrified about.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great price for San Francisco!	We spent four nights here on a spring vacation getaway. My first impression was that it was clean and decent after booking it from reviews on trip advisor. The price can't be beat --- we paid only $83.00/night for our king room after booking it directly with the motel. My biggest problem I had was that I kept smelling mold and mildew in the room. I actually saw mold growing on the ceiling in the bathroom. The room looked clean but I couldn't get that mildew smell out of the room. The manager needs a thorough cleaning with bleach! Maybe put in some new vanities in the bathroom! Hairdryer, shampoo and coffee were all provided in the room with a refrigerator and microwave. Don't expect writing paper or tablet --- couldn't find a single sheet! Breakfast was apples or bananas, cruissants, danish rolls in paper which was adequate for a light breakfast. There was a great crepe place nearby. Also next door to a Cheese Plus store that had everything we needed such as deli sandwiches, great salads, and more! We didn't rent a car but had a three day pass for public transporatation such as trolley cars, cable cars, buses, etc. It worked out great and would do it again.Also, don't get in too late for checking in or call ahead because the desk closes at 11:00. Good thing I called ahead or they would have been closed. Early check outs before 7:00 need to be checked with the manager as well. A decent, quiet, roomy place to stay and would recommend it more if the mildew smell would disappear!	
Apr 7 2009 	Just What We Needed!	I wanted a suite so my four daughters and I could all be together for our overnight stay in San Francisco. We were going to see Wicked at the Orpheum Theater. The accommodations were perfect - the girls shared two large beds in the bedroom and I had the nice large bed in the main room. The couple who work in the office were very helpful and nice. Our only complaint was the people upstairs who awoke at 5 a.m. and were walking back and forth, had the tv going, and were talking loudly.	
Mar 26 2009 	Great location comfortable bed room was clean great price!	Free parking! Great price (AAA), clean rooms, comfortable beds, friendly (couple) manager- very helpful with suggestions on restaurants,sights to see, locations, transportation around city. Would recommendto friends!	
Mar 15 2009	Reliable convenient great treasure	This is the 2nd time we've stayed at this hotel. Loved it the 1st time and love it as much the 2nd. The wife and husband managers are great, helpful, polite and full of great information on the area. I've written about this motel a few years ago and my opinion hasn't changed since then.This trip was a college tour for my daughter.- (2) queen beds: The beds and pillows were very comfortable and clean.- Room: large/spacious- Bathroom - just great. Shampoo/conditioner &amp; soap are provided. The towels are a great quality and fluffy- Refer &amp; microwave: We went down the street a few blocks and bought some snacks and drinks. Save some $$$ by keeping these in the room for the teenagers I had with me.- Breakfast: some donuts, muffins, pre-pkg'd pastries, bananas, apples, instant coffee (not my forte, but....it works), hot water for tea, and OJ- Parking: can't beat this deal. No extra charge for parking. The spaces are pretty narrow, but with patience, just about any larger vehicle can park here. For our 1st stay we were able to maneuver our full-size Bronco into a spot- Restaurants: plenty of places to choose from and the mgmt will help you find something that fits your taste. We tried the House of Crepes. Mmm, Mmmm..- Transportation: We didn't do it this time, but the trolley is just up the street a block or two.- The street that this hotel is on is relatively quiet. - We were able to get a room at the rear of the motel - low noise overall- We paid $120.00 for one night. We booked this on-line via the Nob Hill Inn website. AAA was actually more expensive! This price is absolutely reasonable. This includes the parking!!!- Wireless internet serviceI highly recommend this motel if you want to have a modestly priced place to stay, friendliness, convenience, a decent breakfast, clean &amp; comfortable rooms and friendly management.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great location very nice rooms and pleasant managers.	Centrally located in a pleasant and quiet neighborhood , you are never more than a 10 minute bus or cable car ride from most of the San Francisco sites. The room was large and very clean. Check their website for prepaid specials. If you have a car this motel is an even greater value. Highly recommended.	
Feb 25 2009 	great location but to noisey	When you cant get to sleep on a night because of the noise of conversations ,tv,showers toilets etc in other rooms it does tend to sour the holiday expierience.Yes it is in a great nieghberhood, yes it has free parking yes the rooms are small but clean yes the management are helpfull,would i stay again NO not blooming likely.	
Feb 10 2009 	Perfect location!	Our family booked 2 rooms for a July vacation in 2007. We arrived at nearly 12am and were checked in quickly and safely. The rooms are good sized, recently renovated, AWESOME location. We stayed here 4 nights and never had a problem. Parking is FREE, which is hard to find in SF, there were pastries in the office for breakfast, and right around the corner is a street with all the ammenities you need: great little restraunts and bistros, Starbucks, a drugstore, liquor store, and my fave, a wine a cheese store...offering local cheeses from Sonoma and Napa valleys. All in all we had a wonderful experience and would stay here again.	
Jan 30 2009 	Good Value 	Great Neighborhood, close prox to many attractions by either walking or public transportation, free covered parking, breakfast snacks in the morning w/ coffee.I did some price searching and found the best deal by calling up the actual hotel.	
Jan 22 2009 	Nice place to stay	I stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn for 2 nights in November 08, and found the place quite comfortable. It was nothing special, but it was clean and safe and not overpriced, and, really, isn't that what most travellers want? Somewhere to sleep at night that isn't going to cost so much that you can't afford to do anything during the day? I would stay here again.	
Jan 14 2009 	Aussies had a great stay	Our family of four stayed here 12 mths ago on our first family trip to the USA. It was our very first stop so I wanted to make sure that the accommodation was decent enough to get started on a good note. The motor inn is operated by a lovely couple who were more then helpful with our many questions we had for them. The room was clean, quite large and with a mini kitchenette which we found it quite useful especially seeing as though we had a 3 year and 6 year old travelling with us. Coming from Oz, we found the price a little high for the standard, but it seems as though this is what you have to pay for something decent in San Fransisco. Apart from the long walk we had to the wharf, we found the Nob Hill Motor Inn quite satisfactory and very friendly. We may travel again this year, but will probably look for something with a closer proximity to the Wharf.	
Jan 12 2009	the parking garage is never safe!	There is a parking garage next to the office. But never safe! They just sleep like us during the night. My car's front window was broken the next morning right after check-in. My GPS and camera that were kept in the box under the dash board and thus not seen from outside were stolen. I felt terrible all the way staying in SF. Anyway don't rest assured after parking your car. Their garage is open to anybody like other streets of SF. Without this, my family and I would have more fun....	
Jan 8 2009 	Worst experience ever!	Very deceptive in their business practices. I have traveled all over the world and never encountered the likes of such problems. Upon check in they charged my card for the full amount of the stay. Price was way to high considering the bugs, age of room, and how dark and dingy the place is.	
Dec 17 2008 	Excellent stay	I went San Francisco with my family, and my uncle´s familiy book a 2 bedroom and I book a queen bed room, we had a great experience.First the Owners are very helpfull because they told us all of necesary to have a great stay at San _Francisco they recomend us where to go and where not to go, they use a map to explain me all the places we have to view, also where to eat near the hotel, etc.Thew rooms are very clean and comfortamble, this is a smaal hotel with two floors, and good location on the city, you can get a bus a walking distance.This hotel has free parking and free internet; the parking in the city is too expensive, because there are no much palces to park the car.I highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 15 2008 	Roll the dice	&quot;Sold to the highest bidder&quot; is the way this place works. we made reservations months in advance for the first week of december, only to be called a couple of days before our trip and told they &quot;accidentally gave our reservation away&quot;. in talking to the manager i was told that it was given away by a travel website by accident, so I asked her why she could not call the people who booked later and cancel them and she said she had no contact info on them!!! are you kidding me?. Anyway we were supposed to have the family suite for about $180.00 a night and she said that she could give us a room at their sister property Broadway manor for $140.00 a night. As i was talking to her I looked on their website and saw I could get a room for 3 of those nights for $59.00 a night , 1 night for $99 which she later gave me the discount, but if I had not asked we would have been paying a couple extra hundered for our stay.Instead of staying in a family suite that we booked months in advance in a hotel that we picked because of tripadvisor, we were packed in a standard room of a lower rated hotel. We would have stayed elsewhere but it was a high volume week and we could not get anything reasonable on such short notice.(I'm sure they got a lot more money for the suite). Being pretty mad about this I started checking other reviews and I realized that if you change the tripadvisor search to lowest rated instead of newest, every person who gave this hotel a 1, did so because they were duped out of their reservation. The funny thing is this is the only hotel I have seen with a 48 hour cancellation policy instead of 24.I can only rate this hotel a 1 even though I'm sure it's alright once you actually get a room, but as Seinfield once said &quot; taking the reservation is easy, it's actually about holding the reservation&quot;. Roll the dice if you want, just have a backup plan. Would love to hear a response from management!	
Dec 10 2008 	Clean recently renovated motel convenient	We had a very big family suite with a bedroom and a living room. The rooms and the motel were clean. The breakfast was served at the office. You go there and take your food to your room. In the room we had a coffee maker and a refrigerator. The manager in the office was nice and helpful.It's a very good value for the money.	
Nov 30 2008 	Well located but disappointed by the lack of amenities the noise and price	Stayed here with the wife and kids over thanksgiving week. Owners are nice folks who were full of local info and spent a good amount of time giving me a run down on the transport and sightseeing options. I have tried really hard to like this place but can't help feeling disappointed with the stay. The family &quot;suite&quot; is huge but there are no family-specific amenities supplied like cutlery or crockery. There is a microwave oven supplied but again no bowls, etc to use inside it. The free continental breakfast comprises a tray of pastries and a fruit bowl in reception. This was appreciated but stretches the definition of a continental breakfast.My biggest complaint is the noise from other rooms. The building is of timber construction and dates back to 1955. We were on the 2nd floor (one above ground level) and the noise levels transmitted down from the wooden floor of the 3rd level above were very high. We were woken at 5am most mornings by the noise from early-rising guests located above. We could hear every voice, footstep, running water, toilet flush, etc.The lack of in-room amenities and the noise levels make the family suite overpriced in my opinion at $184.00 per night plus taxes.On a positive note, the place was very clean and is well positioned with a one block walk to the nearest Powell-Hyde cable car stop.	
Nov 10 2008 	Nice hotel in lovely city	Stayed here for days whilst in San Francisco. Motel is a fair track from Powell St (where we arrived) but in a great location, about 10 mins walk (down hill) to the city front - Fishermans Wharf area. It's a a cab ride back as it's uphill.The lady on the front desk was very helpful pointing us in the direction of local restaurants and bars. Russian Hill is just round the corner where the famous twisty street is located. And trams run up and down a couple of blocks from the motel. All in all it was good value and a nice place in a beautiful city.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great family run motel	Stayed here again with the family, 3rd time. As usual check in was seamless and the husband and wife team ensure the place is well kept. Not too near downtown and all the better for it as you can drive or catch public transport easily from here. Thanks we will return.	
Oct 15 2008 	Nice Outside Horrible Inside Too much $$!	Upon driving up, this place looks cute. Hanging baskets, newly refinished OUTSIDE front doors, freshly hosed down. Alright. But then, you enter. Ooh, yucky. Very outdated and dirty. The bathroom had very outdated cabinets that were beat up. And to add insult to injury, we paid exactly 807.00 for two nites!! Total ripoff for what we got.	
Oct 7 2008	booking confirmed - room unavailable on arrival	Although I booked my room through the hotel website, it turned out to be unavailabe when I arrived. I was sent to a nearby hotel (also property of the the Nob Hill owner) with a terrible person at the front desk. In the end, I decided to look for another hotel myself.	
Oct 6 2008 	Greal location Clean rooms Very nice staff !!!	Very nice place, Elavator, Spacy rooms, Clean and Super location. Free Parking !! We loved it !!!	
Oct 3 2008	Overrated - Look Elsewhere	As a an editor at a popular travel magazine, I have found TripAdvisor.com to be a reliable resource for honest, firsthand reviews of hotels around the world. I've relied upon the site dozens upon dozens of times without disappointment -- until now. I can't help but feel that there is some sort of scam going on with the authenticity of these reviews. There is no way that this property deserves such a high rating. This place is overpriced and much further than it implies from the fisherman's wharf area - count on at least a 25 minute walk. Picture the decor and amenities of a dingy roadside motel in the middle of nowhere and that's pretty much what you'll get.Don't be duped on their junior &quot;suites&quot; which are little more than a room with two queen-sized beds and a dirty couch. The innkeepers are intolerant of any guests who speak in tones louder than a hush. I was traveling with my husband and some friends in our mid-30s and actually had to tip-toe back into the hotel past 10pm, in hopes of not rousing the innkeepers who were quick to complain on several instances. There was a family staying there at the same time that we were who said that the innkeepers had given them a hard time because their kids were being kids. Do yourself a favor if you want to really enjoy your time in San Francisco -- look elsewhere.	
Sep 21 2008 	Helpful staff/good location	Booked this hotel after seeing many satisfied posts on Tripadvisor and was not disappointed. Staff were friendly and helpful, location in a safe area, clean although small room, great choice of restaurants nearby on Polk. I hired a mini van and although tight, parked OK (maximum height available is 6ft 8ins). My only regret was that many of the restaurants on Polk were booked up and I would recommend booking a table in advance. Great visit - I'll be back.	
Sep 20 2008 	Real Americana - I definately had a nice day	I came across this place from reviews on Trip Advisor and loved it. I booked directly and had a great email and phone conversation with the owners. The room was great, a big room with plenty of space for three motorcyclists. The hotel is built around a parking area, so free parking too. The place was very clean, furnished well and did not suffer from noisy guests or traffic. The owners were superbly helpful, giving great advice about trams, buses and diners and there is a host of maps and guides there too. The help were very friendly as well and the price was out of this world. A basic buffet breakfast allowed us to fill our bike jackets with muffins and fruit and then be on our way. Far better than Fisherman's Wharf which we found to be seedy and dirty. Two blocks from the tram and then a $5 dollar ride down to the Wharf, cab fare back was around $8.	
Sep 11 2008 	Clean tidy and ideal for bus and cable car	As the name suggests a great place to stay if you arrive by car. Nob Hill Motor Inn has spaces under the accommodation- safe and just a short walk to the lift.We had a 2 room suite for 3 nights and found it very clean with helpful staff. A short walk to Van Ness Street will put you on the main bus route, and a 5 minute walk will get you to the iconic cable cars. (Leave the car in the garage and go buy a travel pass from The Holiday Inn on Van Ness St. A bargain!)Breakfast is coffee, juice and pastries which you collect from reception then take on a tray to your room. Not ideal but ok.Overall a pleasent stay.	
Aug 23 2008 	Dont Judge by the name! ITs not so bad!	When you hear the name &quot;Nob Hill Motor Inn&quot;... you think ghetto. But in fact, it wasn't bad at all. We booked this hotel because there was six of us, and we were looking to share a room all together to save on costs and also make it more fun. The room ended up being VERY spacious! When you first walk in, you see the little dinette table, couch, coffee table, mini fridge. Within that large room is a queen sized bed along the back end of that main room. Next to the bed is a mirror, sink, and the microwave. The other room has the 2 double beds. So all six of us stayed in that room quite comfortably. Location was great. Within walking distance are some cool bars and a great cheese store (make sure you stop by and try some!)We had rented a car, but the hotel was very close to fisherman's wharf, china town, etc. So it ended up suiting all of our needs for the weekend. We were able to find parking at the hotel every night, so we never had to park in the street. BTW, there are some pastries that the owners usually have out in the check in office.... grab some! If we needed to find a room large enough for 6 again, we'd definitely come back to Nob Hill.p.s. Virgina America ROCKS! That is the only way I want to fly to SF ever!!!	
Aug 23 2008 	Very comfortable hotel	Our first stop in California. San Francisco is great and this hotel did the job. Not very close to any of the main attractions (but that meant we weren't a long way from any of them either) but close to bus routes which could get you to them all, so that was a bonus - and the buses run til 01.00 so not a problem. Staff were helpful. Breakfast was basic - my daughter loved their coffee - we have brought some home with us. You can get away with not having a car in SF, buses, trams get you just about everywhere in the city and there are excursions to the attractions further afield, Golden Gate, Napa Valley, Muir Woods/Sausalito.Recommend a visit to Sausalito - beautiful town with great views back across the bay to SF	
Aug 13 2008	Nice stay	We stayed here for five nights and it is in a great location, two blocks from cable cars, approximately 25 minute walk to attractions, such as Lombard Street and Fisherman’s Wharf, depending on speed going up and down hills! Union square takes a bit longer. It’s off Polk, where there is a good selection of bars and restaurants. There is an abundance of Laundromats in the vicinity, a Walgreens pharmacy around the corner and there is a small grocery store on the corner. For an excellent Italian head two blocks from the motel and eat in Ristorante Milano. Tangential note, head to restaurants before 9.45pm as we’ve seen people refused entry after this time as restaurants stop serving early, well earlier than we’re used to in Ireland anyway!The room was spacious and the décor a bit dated. Although the room was clean, there was a damp smell in the room and bathroom. The bed was fairly comfortable, with clean linens. The room had a fridge, microwave, ice-bucket, TV, coffee maker, iron and ironing board. The bathroom was standard and clean. There wasn’t a separate shower/bath; the bath had a shower unit attached to the wall. This is very acceptable and quite common for us. The only issue was that the shower door opening was too close to the toilet, so manoeuvres had to be made to get in and out of the shower. It would have been more practical if it opened the other side. That's just a little thing. The motel in general was nice and quiet and felt safe. Complimentary muffins, pastries, fruit, juice and coffee, fresh daily, are available in the reception office to take back to your room or if you’re heading out and about. No dining area otherwise. Parking is free. Just note that the spaces are a bit on the narrow side. There are vending machines and an ice machine in the parking area, opposite reception. Frank and Judy take great care of the premises. They are very helpful and friendly. Frank checked us in and he was a font of very useful information. He pulled out a map and highlighted the attractions, areas to avoid and the location of nice restaurants, including the Italian mention above. We found this very useful to have. This is an unfussy plain place to stay, so if one wants someplace a bit more plush look elsewhere.	
Aug 6 2008 	great deal	The best deal in SF. Small but clean rooms in a great location. The owners are very nice and helpful and you can park your car, included in the price of the room.	
Aug 5 2008 	Very nice hotel and management	Needed a room at the last minute for a mother and daughter. All that I called in the area were more expensive and booked. Got a nite athe this motel for 189-good price and free parking. Man at desk very nice and full of info. Gave us detailed map and lots of suggestions. it is a motel but very pretty. large room, large bathroom. What a great location. near buses. 2 blks from cable cars--if you can get on them. Right off Polk-great restaurants and shopping. Also near Sasquatch-quirky bar! Felt very safe--important to me. Lots of cabs around. this is a great place!	
Aug 1 2008 	Quiet comfortable beds no views free parking	Got a cheap rate online of $189 for two queens and free parking which in San Fran can run you up to $50 a night. Nice beds, good linens, dated but quiet, great location. Nice bar two blocks east, great breakfast one block west on Van Ness where you pay for a great egg/bacon sandwhich. Hotel breakfast was coffee, muffins and fruit (again free, so it's worth it if you have kids). If you just want a nice bed to sleep in, great location and two blocks from cable car, go for it. Otherwise, no view, no frills place. But the free parking and in/out privileges make it worth it! Nice folks run the place, too.	
Jul 27 2008 	Nob Hill Great Location Great Value	We stayed at Nob Hill July 23 - July 26. We were very pleased with our accomodations. The locaiton was great. Our room was very clean. The grounds were very clean too. The owners, keep a close watch on their property. If you are looking for luxury, this is not the place for you. If you are looking for a clean, safe, good locaiton this is for you.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great choice	Would recommend this hotel for a short stay in SF. The couple at the front desk were very friendly and helpful. They gave us some great detailed information about the city. The man doodles all over a map regarding areas to visit (and to avoid!). We found this very helpful. Booked a room that in fact had 1 large room for me and my husband with a connecting room within the same appartment for my twin boys aged 17. They loved this hotel!Include free parking which is a novelty in this citySome good eateries just round the corner....fabulous Chinese 'Tai Chi' - really authentic and cheap and 'Pokers' great burgers!	
Jul 20 2008 	Clean Rooms and Dated Motor Inn	Good Value and a good location; walking distance to various locations; Motor Inn uses pink sheets/bedding; outdated bathroom from 60's or 70's. Very helpful front desk. Hard to park SUV - very tight spaces - but there is no charge for parking. Breakfast muffins; juice and instant coffee maker down at front desk; they will supply you trays and you would then bring up the breakfast to you room; no room downstairs to eat. Again very good value; we paid about $160.00 per night.	
Jul 13 2008 	Great location! Large room! Great value!	Amazing value for the money!! For $80/day, this motor inn offered large, clean rooms. It is centrally located and walking distance from Fisherman's Wharf, Lombard Street and Chinatown. Trolleys located 2 blocks away. They offered FREE parking (unlike the $38/day fee I was charged at another hotel)The desk staff were very friendly and helpful in giving directions, tips, etc. Will definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the San Francisco area!	
Jun 29 2008 	Nice place	Stayed here for 3 nights while in town for vacation. Considering affordable choices in the city the place is fine and within a few blocks of cable cars and 1/2 a block to the bus on Van Ness. There are a number of coffee, pizza shops and restaurants near by too. The front desk was very helpful in giving directions and recommendations. The room was fine and as clean as could be expected with housekeeping doing a good job every day.	
Jun 22 2008	Better than expected	We stayed for 3 nights, and it was better than we expected. Free parking, nice neighboorhood with good restaurants and stores, if you need them walking distance, and friendly service. Good value.	
Jun 12 2008 	Ok for one night but freezing bathroom!	Certainly a good position if you need car parking - but the rooms whilst clean and tidy are rather dark and uninviting - in our case the shower/WC was long overdue a refit - rather grubby and VERY COLD - absolutely no heating at all - the owners are very nice and helpful - As we used it to stay overnight after a long flight it was ok but I would not want to spend much time here. Also very pricey for what you got - staying in a Marriott the following two nights was cheaper and luxurious in comparison.	
May 31 2008 	Excellent Value - Free Parking!!	My husband, our 4-month old and I stayed here for a week in September. The motel is nothing fancy but offers tremendous value considering how expensive hotels in the SF area can be. The room was clean, decent size and had an upgraded, newer bathroom. The room came with a refrigerator (no freezer) and mini-microwave - very handy for those with children. Our microwave broke at one point in our stay but was promptly fixed. Overall the owners are very attentive and willing to answer any questions you might have. The free parking is a HUGE perk and unheard of in the area. The parking spots are tight though, and the owner will come out and make sure you are parked perfectly between the lines! This was more comical than irritating.A few things that could use improvement: - Elevator - One of the slowest I've been on in my life! Most people won't have to use it since it's just one flight of stairs but with a stroller we used it every time.- Linens- The bottom sheet is not fitted and got bunched up every night. Also, the sheets are pink! A duvet would be nice instead of the Motel 6 style polyester blanket	
May 30 2008 	Great Place	Much Better than expected. We had an excellent stay. I had two rooms, including a Jr Suite. This is a case where the rooms were actually, better than the pictures on the website. It's a very good location. Easy to get to and from. Pretty convenient, though the walks are longer than indicated, or at least they seem to be. Restaurants close by. Pete's Coffee and Starbuck's &lt;two blocks. A great high-end steak place, Harris', on the corner and the famous House of Prime Rib about two blocks. We walked to North Beach, but take the Broadway tunnel it goes under the big hill.The rooms were large, very clean and everything worked. The hosts, Frank and Judy Ramey, are the best. Very helpful and accommodating. The free parking is a real plus, but beware, it's a bit tight if you have a mini van or large SUV. Driving in SF isn't as bad as people say. There really isn't that much traffic, except on the Bay Bridge and rush hour downtown. Parking is real difficult and scarce. I mainly used garages and paid. We would definitely stay again. Joe &amp; Lynn	
Apr 23 2008 	A good choice	I stayed here in 2007 on my way back from New Zealand. I think that it was good choice. The location was good although be warned Fisherman’s Wharf is a bit of a trek particularly when you have to walk up the hill! I really liked the hosts who were very helpful and provided some good advice for day trips and restaurants. When I previously stayed in San Francisco I stayed in the Holiday Inn which in contrast was soulless and not particularly friendly. I would certainly stay here again and the hosts will always keep you updated on the latest cricket scores!	
Apr 20 2008 	Loved this Place!	We stayed here for 3 nights and found it to be a fabulous hotel for us and our 3 year old. The front staff were just so helpful - the guy gave us a superb description of where to go (and not go!) and marked it all out on a map for us - fantastic - we did a lot of walking and were happy that we knew where the bad parts of town were. The rooms were very clean - you could smell it upon entry! The rooms were quite spacious even with two queen size beds in it. Bathroom was nicely spacious with good water pressure and soap etc. Plenty of clean towels! There is a fridge and microwave in the room also, along with ice bucket for the ice machine. Breakfast was down in the office and you could help yourself and bring it up in trays to the room, or grab something on the way out - lovely muffins! Laundromats were close by, as well as small grocery store, wine shop, restaurants. Fisherman's Wharf and Ghiradelli within short walking distance, but Union square was a bit of a hike.	
Apr 20 2008 	OK but pricey (compared to last year!)	Stayed at Nob Hill for three nights during our tour of California. It had been highly recommended by a colleague and the reviews were all very good.We were somewhat surprised when we saw the new rates for the rooms which came out in Jan 08 - they increased by about $100 per room per night. But we figured it would be worth it.We had a huge suite with a separate room for our boys. All adequate and clean. Excellently located and great advice from the owners. There was some noise from what sounded like a &quot;hen party&quot; arriving back at 2 am.Our only gripe was that the room was depressingly dark! It was very hot in SF the weekend we were there and we needed to chill in our room at times - but we did find it simply too dark (one small window facing out onto the inner court).Not sure we would stay again - however we have nothing to compare it to in SF and it is quite possibly a really good motel if you have a car to park and want to be centrally located.	
Apr 7 2008 	good value for the money	This is the 2nd time we stayed at this hotel. The rooms are dated but clean and adequate. The free parking is a big plus in this city. There are a lot of good restaurants within walking distance. The area is safe.A tip: Ask for a room in the back of the motel. The front rooms are subject to street noise &amp; neon lights of the motel.We would stay here again.	
Apr 7 2008 	Excellent value great service but still some points to bear in mind...	My wife and I stayed here as part of our Californian tour, largely due to the great Trip Advisor reviews and low price (£50GBP).All in all we enjoyed are stay here, the rooms are very large and reasonably well decorated and in a good state of repair. We had a room over the main entrance which was somehwat noisy. There was a bitt of traffic noise during the day and at night/early morning there were a surprising amount of cars zooming past the room, which did wake us both. The main disturbances however came from the recycling centre next door which seemed to be dropping bottles off at 5am - very noisy.Still, the location is great. Its a 15 minute walk from Lombard St and a further 5 to FIshermans Wharf which is were we spent most of our time. Its also not too far from Union square and China town if you are feeling energetic! There are lots of shops and restuarants nearby and the Pancakes at Polkers on Polk street are the best ever.The staff were very helpful and gave us a map with various items marked on telling us where to go and avoid.I would certainly recommend this motel for those on a budget who want to be right in the centre of SF.	
Apr 3 2008 	Affordable Clean 	The Oak Hill Motor Inn is an excellent value. A very friendly staff located not far from the cable car on California Street. Also closeto the Muni bus system. A short walk to Hyde Street will put youclose to one of the best seafood resturants - Hyde Street Seafood House - in San Francisco. The bus system will take you directly to the Golden Gate Bridge &amp; the Exploritorium. The only improvement that they could make is to have some way to print out your boarding pass for your return flight. Otherwise, a great value. I will stay there again.	
Mar 27 2008	Great Place with helful Staff	Coming from out of state and not knowing anything about SF, we considered staying at a national name hotel, but we found the reviews and prices acceptable to our budget. We found the hotel in great shape for the age of the area, and every space was well kept and in a very clean non-smoking state. The motor inn is well kept. We were most pleased with the helpful staff. They went out of their way to inform and educate us to the local area getting the best value of our time. This establishment and staff are extremely worth the value of this high price area. We recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 22 2008	Loved the Nob Hill Motor Inn	I feel remiss in taking so long to write a review, but considering it's 4 years later and our stay is still very memorable, maybe my review shows what consistent great service this motel has. The couple who own it are fantastic....and sincerely interested in making your stay in San Francisco a pleasant one. The motel is very close to the cable car line and the owners will point you in the right direction to transportation, tours, nearby restaurants and (in our case) somewhere to have a couple of drinks after having arrived late. Our stay was enjoyable and, oh yes, lest I forget, our room was comfortable, clean, convenient and quaint (and I didn't try to be poetic..those words just happened to come easily.) But don't expect a Holiday Inn!...this motel is not your run-of-the-mill safe expectations...it's an honest to goodness motel full of welcome and charm.	
Feb 11 2008 	Very good hotel	A very god place to visit san francisco. The cable car is near the hotel, the hotel is very quiet, the price is correct and you have a car park under the rooms.The owners arve very sympathic, they give you a lot of information to visit frisco.	
Feb 8 2008 	No Problems	We had a room with 2 queen beds, which was enough for my partner and myself, and a friend in the other bed. We had a small fridge (not tiny, sort of waist height) and microwave, and coffee-making facilities. A kettle would have been useful though!It was quiet enough, although yes, you can hear people in other rooms if they are loud enough.Sadly one major piece of 'dirt' (for want of a better word...) was on the toilet seat when we arrived, which was quite disgusting, but other than that the place was clean and the room was cleaned daily (apart from one day when I was feeling ill and asked them not to).Yes the place could do with a refurb but everything worked as it should and overall we had no complaints.The staff were nice and really helpful - they recommended places to visit, places to eat and places to avoid (eg unsafe areas). Thanks too to the Indian man on the front desk who recommended sunset in Santa Monica (where we went after SF), it really made for a memorable part of our trip.	
Jan 29 2008 	Great little budget gem	More than adequate for the price, especially in San Francisco. Clean, comfortable, and spacious with helpful and friendly staff. Bathroom was cold when showering because the fan runs all the time. Did not find it noisy (had requested upstairs room, as per tripadvisor advice). Great diner for breakfast around the corner if continental is not enough for you.	
Jan 22 2008 	Great Place	We enjoyed our stay here. The rooms were clean and well kept. It was conveniently close to all the tourist traps, without any of the noise and crowds.. The cafes/restaurants on the nearby Polk Street serve some awesome food. Everyday, we'd begin our day with breakfast from one of those places.The parking spots are free, but tight. If you have a compact car, you'll be fine.If you need a decent, non-pricey place in SFO, close to all the major attractions, this is definitely the place to stay..	
Jan 19 2008 	Loved Nob Hill Motor Inn!	Spotlessly clean; gracious and accommodating hosts; and free parking - we couldn't ask for more. It was a great price too. Will definitely stay again if we're lucky enough to get back to this amazing city. The hotel was convenient to cable cars, easy to find, and located in a walkable neighborhood. We felt like locals away from the tourist traps, but close enough to get there quickly.	
Jan 8 2008 	Amazing for the Price We Paid	My boyfriend and I stayed for three nights, and were very pleased with our room with a King bed. We paid $65 a night.Pros: As stated in other reviews, the couple that owned the place were very friendly and helpful, letting us know what areas to stay out of after dark, and where some of the better tourist attractions are. The housekeeper was even friendly, and was smiling every time we saw her. She seemed very sweet. The motel is in a great neighborhood, and I never felt unsafe when walking around at night. The shower in the room was fantastic and large enough for two. The bed was really comfortable, and smelled surprisingly good for a hotel bed.Cons: The room smelled really, really musty when we checked in, but after about 10 minutes I didn't notice it anymore, and I never noticed it again during our stay. The free wi-fi was spotty at best, and I don't think that the channel for HBO was ever on while we were there. I think they were having some technical issues though, that I'm sure will be resolved eventually.The only major con was the parking. Oh, the parking. Thank god my man is a good driver, because the spots are _tiny_ and there are poles everywhere. Some nights there were cars double parked in the lot, because there weren't enough spaces. If you're reasonably comfortable with difficult parking though, don't let this discourage you from staying there.Summary:If you can get a room for somewhere in the $60-85 price range, I'd highly recommend a stay here. It's essentially a really nice motel, so don't stay here if you're expect something amazingly spectacular. It made for a great home base to explore the city.	
Dec 28 2007 	Great Place to Stay	Really good location, nice and clean and spacious. Everything you need to explore the city easily (we had a car....). The guy on the front desk who owns the place gave us a good run down when we got there of what to do and how to do it. Well pleased.	
Dec 2 2007 	Great lodging in an exciting city	Lodging at the Nob Hill Motor Inn was a very pleasant and affordable experience while visiting San Francisco during the Thanksgiving holiday. My husband and I have visited S.F. many times and this is one of those places that we'll definitely return to on our next visit. Reason why is that the rooms are very affordable and immaculately kept; parking is FREE, covered, and secured; close vicinity to major attractions, relatively quiet environment, helpful staff. If you can do without the amenities (and cost) of a large, corporate hotel, this is the place for you. Give it a try, you'll like it.	
Nov 25 2007 	well placed motor inn	third trip to San Francisco , decided to try the nob hill motor inn , knowing the neighbourhood , having stayed nearby two years ago , we arrived at the NHMI to find a great car park area on the ground floor and a great welcome from Frank and his wife.We stayed for three nights in there clean and well equipped rooms . the area is great for walking to the attractions like the piers and fishermans wharf (downhill , taxi back about $7).handy for cable cars and really well placed for a large selection of restaurants. Our only problem was our own fault because we booked the small queen rooms, best advice is pay slightly more fore the bigger rooms. Overall a great place for the money and even includes a free car parking space !!!	
Nov 22 2007	Nob Hill Motel is a great value	The Nob Hill Motel is conveniently located; very near to public transit, and close to Polk Street shops and restaurants. The rooms are spacious, well-appointed, and clean. The staff is courteous. I stayed for 3 nights and never heard a peep out of any other guest, even though the place was fully booked the entire time. I would definitely stay there again!	
Nov 19 2007 	motor in for a great deal	Stayed here nearing the end of our N.California trip.Driving down from Point Reyes it was so easy to locate. Free Parking was excellent- another plus for the motorist. Rooms and breakfast are basic , though more than adequate. If you are able and like walking, most tourist attractions are easily reached on foot. Area felt safe (although we were not out until the early hours). Loved Polk Street- dined at different restaurants on this street every night and was not dissapointed once. Also Nob Hill quite convenient for Chinatown- a must in my opinion. Finally, must mention the nail salon on the corner opposite the Nob Hill entrance. I went there one evening after walking around the city all day- did I need a pedicure- it was fantastic- and just to fill in time while my toenails dried I decided to get my fingernails done as well! Ladies you will not regret a visit - go there!	
Nov 13 2007 	Really Liked the Nob Hill	Spent 5 nights at the Nob Hill at the beginning of Nov. Owners were lovely and really appreciated the talk on arrival with the map and highlights of where to go and places to avoid. We didn't have a car so can't comment on the parking. Room was a bit on the small side but very clean and had everything we needed. Great shower pressure. Location was fantastic. Plenty of good restaurants and bars on Polk Street and only a a short 15 minute walk to Fishermans Whalf. After visiting the Union Square area on day trips we were very glad that we have not decided to stay in that area of the city much prefered the location of the Nob Hill.	
Oct 7 2007 	Quality depends on room	This stay has lots of good ratings. And there are many good things about it. Free parking (which saves you so many bucks in sf). Great and helpful staff (one of the best ever met). Nice location close to Van Ness on Nob Hill (safe, quiet, walking distance to cable car and many bus lines and eateries). But: if you choose a single queen room ... the size is a shame. Smallest room I ever had. Ever. Truly. Lugagge on floor means: floor = no-walking zone. So beware of that. Quality of room is fine, sure. But the size ... no. Other rooms much spacier but not too pricey. OK, price: ranges from extremely cheap to extremely expensive. Watch your date, book in advance. Full recomendation if other room than 1 queen.	
Oct 1 2007 	Wonderful Experience!	This is a great hotel in the charming Nob Hill neighborhood! It is located close to a number of restaurants, small shops and public transportation. The room was extremely nice and spacious, with a bathroom that appeared to be newly renovated. We loved the owner's &quot;S.F. 101&quot; speech about what to do and what areas to avoid! We had a minivan, and parking in the covered spots was no problem, although it was a bit tight... We will recommend this place to our friends and stay here again during our next getaway to the Bay Area!	
Sep 25 2007 	Great base in SF	Great place to use as a base to explore some of San Francisco - far better than the overpriced and tatty Fisherman's Wharf Marriott I stayed in last year. Friendly staff, clean rooms with plenty of space and easy walking distance from Fisherman's Wharf and Chinatown. I didn't find the parking a problem - it may depend on the size of your car! No surprise that it's on a fairly decent hill but that's half the fun of San Francisco! I'll definitely be back again and the Nob Hill Motor Inn is my new recommendation for anyone asking about places to stay in San Francisco.	
Sep 20 2007 	Happy with the Nob Hill Motor Inn	My husband and I stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn in June 2007. This was the first hotel we stayed at on our 4 week holiday in the USA. We did think the room was quite small but we weren’t sure what to expect from hotels in the USA. In reflection though it was a tiny room, but nevertheless it was very comfortable and adequate for a few days stay. The location was good for a first timer in San Francisco because it is half way between Fisherman's Wharf and Union Square area. We ended up spending most of our time in the FW area so next time I might stay somewhere closer to FW. The free parking was great too. San Francisco was such an awesome city! I loved every minute of my time there and I’m looking forward to going back one day and seeing much more of the beautiful city!	
Aug 9 2007 	Great Little Hotel	Twelve of us stayed here in three rooms for two nights during the start of our touring holiday. The hotel is quite small and is run by the owner who made us very welcome and gave us all hints and tips about the best places to visit during our two days in San Francisco. We had two standard rooms with two queens and a junior suite with an extra bed. The rooms were all spotlessly clean, quite large and well equipped with fridge and microwave. All rooms are located off of a two story internal courtyard so there was no traffic noise at all. The hotel is located about 30 minutes walk from pier 33 to Alcatraz (excellent place to visit) and Fisherman's Wharf (awful tourist trap). The area around the hotel has many restaurants which seem to be used by locals which was good. The cable car lines are less than 5 minutes walk away. The parking at the hotel was free although fairly limited - first come first served - but its a walking city so get the car space and leave it there! A free breakfast of coffee, fruit and danish was available in reception each morning which was a nice touch. In summary, an excellent, small, well located and friendly hotel where we'd definitley stay again.	
Aug 5 2007 	A good choice	We chose to stay at the Nob Hill Motor Inn after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor - and it was a good choice. We stayed for 3 nights in a 2nd floor room which had plenty of space for the 4 of us. There was a little noise from the room above but it was not overly intrusive. With parking so expensive in the city, the free parking at the hotel was very welcome.The breakfast provided in the lobby was not fantastic but then what do you expect for free?The location is good with some good places to eat within walking distance. We also made use of the cable cars down to Fisherman's Wharf and the Union Square/Chinatown area.All in all, we found the Nob Hill Motor Inn to be an excellent base for our short stay in San Francisco.	
Jul 31 2007 	What a Find!	We like many others were attracted by the free parking. We have a Toyota Sienna, and did not find parking too tight. The hosts are fantastic - very personable and helpful. This is a great location, close to bus routes, attractions and cable cars. The bathroom had an odd odor, but I suspect this is because the building is quite old. The rooms are very clean and have a very small microwave and fridge. There are donuts &amp; coffee in the office - find breakfast elsewhere or make your own. There is a little market a couple of blocks away and a deli on the corner.	
Jul 28 2007	Great Place Great Hosts	This is a great little motel with very helpful, personable hosts in the office. They tirelessly help guest after guest find their way in the city, doling out advice, marking good spots on the map, showing where NOT to go after dark, insider tips (like where to get 3 day transit passes to save $), and generally helping out any way they can. The rooms are clean and above average. And the free parking in the courtyard on the first floor is very convenient for those driving or renting a car. It's also relatively quiet as city hotels go.We can't recommend it highly enough. Loved our stay and would come back.	
Jul 28 2007 	Good place if you like hard beds	We stayed here after reading tripadvisor reviews. We liked the idea of free parking, didn't want to be near Union Square, and didn't want to spend a lot of money. The location is good, just off Van Ness, with busses close by, and cable cars within a few blocks. Everything was indeed very clean. Parking was tight, so we rented a very small car and had no problems. Don't depend on the continental breakfast - it was just a few rolls in plastic. The room was outdated, but would have been OK, except for the bed. Rock hard. Now, we knew we weren't staying in a luxury hotel, so our expectations weren't high, but there is really no excuse for a bad bed. The room was noisy, as people mention - try to get on the 2nd floor - we had one of those heavy walkers above us. I might stay here again, if I was renting a car, because other hotels charge 38-40 a day, but only if I knew they had upgraded the beds. A backache isn't worth it.	
Jul 20 2007 	Do Not Stay Here!! These People Only Care About Your Money!!!	Due to a delayed flight, my wife (5 months pregnant) and I arrived at the Nob Hill Motor Inn after the office was closed this past Wednesday night (7/18). There was no phone number posted, just a sign reading, &quot;Office hours 7:00AM - 11:00PM&quot; so I called information and paid the $2.50 to get the local number for the motel because all we wanted to do was get to sleep. Finally a gentleman came down to meet me and was shocked to hear that my wife and I were there to check-in to our room (that was prepaid and for which I had a voucher that explained the room would be held for us until 7:00AM the following day). He said that they already gave our room to somebody else. As you can imagine, I was less than satisfied. He explained to me the reason for his mismanagement (i.e., not holding a prepaid room for a guest who had not canceled) on this particular occasion was because the motel didn't actually get paid yet and typically does not get paid from brokerages such as those with whom Otel.com contracts until after the guest checks out. While I can understand his &quot;business&quot; purpose for not holding our room, I still don't understand why the customer (who already paid for the room) is the one left out in the cold - literally...and in this case at 1:30 in the morning with a 5 month pregnant wife in tow. Please, for our sake, do not stay at this motel. And if you do, please convince them to change their policy/arrangement with their suppliers.	
Jul 1 2007	Great Place/Great Hosts	This was our first trip to San Francisco and Nob Hill was a great hotel for us! The staff was excellent---helped us with getting our MUNI pass; setting up day tours for us for two of the days we were there and the tours were superb; told us where to eat on Polk street and gave us other numerous suggestions.The hotel is in a quiet neighborhood, which we preferred to downtown or other parts of town and the cable cars and buses were very easy to access. The price was great considering that of other places, the kingsize bed very comfortable and the continental breakfast was very satisfying as we set out each day. I would definitely return and recommend it. Judy and Frank and their staff are very helpful.	
Jun 26 2007 	A Great Find	Stayed at this hotel after reading the good reviews on this board. I was particularly attracted to the hotel because of the free parking since we'd have a rented vehicle.The hotel was indeed spotlessly clean and was within reasonable walking distance of some attractions. We walked to Chinatown for dinner (about 45 minutes) and also to Fisherman's Wharf (about 30 minutes). Neither walk was overwhelming, but a bit hilly. As other readers have noted there are numerous places to eat very close to the hotel. We enjoyed the Italian restaurant (Milano, I think) where they make homemade pasta daily. I also visited the Indian restaurant where they have a tasty buffet for lunch and dinner at a VERY reasonable $8.95. Breakfast was simple but as expected. Overall, no complaints and would stay at Nob HIll again.	
Jun 17 2007 	Not worth the money!	The picture of the room on booking websites as compared to what you get are very misleading. The actual room is pretty small and doesn't have couches. We booked a Superior King but I'm not sure if thats what we got. We stayed there 3 nights and after the first night had to move rooms for reasons unkown. The first night we were on the bottom floor and the noise from above was terrible. Every footstep upstairs could be clearly heard and made sleeping difficult. Especially since the people up there decided 5am was a good time to start stomping around. Moving rooms was very inconvenient. The hotel says they are conveniently located within walking distance to San Francisco attractions, when it is really a 45 minute walk to Fishermans wharf. There is not enough parking spaces for the number of rooms they have. One night we had to block cars in and leave our keys at front desk in case they wanted to move. The parking is very narrow and customers are advised to keep all belongings out of sight. During our stay one of the cars got broken into.The continental breakfast is served at the front desk. You have to go get a tray and fill it and take it back to your room. The choices are very basic, consisting of some sweet pastries, muffins, apples and bananas. This hotel would be ok for $100 a night but at it's current price it is too much.	
Jun 13 2007 	Great location! Wonderful motel!	My husband and I vacationed in San Francisco in Oct/06 for the first time and after reading such great reviews about Nob Hill Motor Inn, we decided to stay there. Everything was exactly as described. The owners were extremely nice and helpful. The hotel was conveniently located. Parking spots were a little tight, but hey, they were free! Our room was clean and beds very comfy. The light breakfast in the amwas good too! Would stay here again!	
May 31 2007 	Another Great Stay	I stayed here again last week. I always worry that after 20 great years that it will suddenly start going down hill. I shouldn't worry, it was as fabulous as ever.Some new things have happened to the neighborhood and there are so many places within a block of the motel where one can get a bite to eat. There's a fridge, microwave and coffee pot in the room, so I went to Starbucks to get ground coffee (or you could go to Peet's Coffee, or Teavana, if you're so inclined.) An organic market supplied the yogurt, milk and the sweetest strawberries I've had in a LONG time. I breakfasted in the room on my neighborhood finds, although if I felt like it, I could have ventured down for coffee and donuts in the office. The bed is firm and comfortable. The a/c-heater worked well and the room was spotless. An iron, ironing board, extra pillows and blankets were stashed in a large closet. The cable TV was good, although really, who wants to watch TV in San Francisco? The parking is free, but the spaces are narrow. I recommend that if you rent a car that you get something small. If push comes to shove, street parking is free until 7:00AM. I missed Judy and Frank, they were visiting some relatives, but the couple in the office were very helpful. I brought my own blow dryer and tripped the circuit breaker. The gentleman in the office hot-footed it to get that resolved and I had electric within a couple of minutes. This was in the middle of a busy morning check out. This hotel cannot be topped for service, convenience, comfort and general restfulness. There's Internet for the business traveler!I came out on business and I could have stayed in any hotel in the city on the company's dime, I still chose the Nob Hill Motor Inn.	
May 30 2007 	Great motel in excellent neighbourhood	In May 2007 we did a roundtrip in western USA starting in San Francisco. I booked Nob Hill Motor Inn for our 1st 3 nights in SF. The motel itself is located in a nice neighbourhood: russian hill and nob hill are at walking distance. The room on the 2nd floor was small (even for European standards) but clean and affordable. Also a big plus is that you can park your car for free instead of paying $30 a day...The owners are very friendly and helpful. If you need any tips or advice feel free to ask them.I can really recommend this motel and of course the city of San Francisco. We had a wonderful time here!	
May 24 2007 	Spotless 	A very nice room in a spotless motor inn in a classic central San Francisco neighbourhood, parking included, for $112 -- that's good value. This was good accommodation run by people who obviously care about the place and its guests.Our top-floor room was extremely clean, spacious, and well-maintained. The king bed and its linen were four-star quality. The bathroom was spacious but lacked a bath. Equipment included a large mini fridge, microwave, coffee maker, iron and board, and lugguage racks. While the room overlooked the street, night-time traffic was light and we slept well. This place's location is its main asset and it is tremendous -- right in Russian Hill, a central neighbourhood that is safe for walking at most hours. People live and work in this area. All around are buildings in the classic SF style. There seems to be a good view from almost every corner: of the Bay, the city, or a row of classic homes. You can walk (as we did to Telegraph Hill), or take either of the main cable cars, to most major sites in the downtown area. We were able to park at the motel for no extra charge. The car park is spotless, bright and well-watched. We were delighted to be able to leave the car and explore on foot. In fact, on the day we checked out, the propietors let us park the car (with luggage inside) at the motel until late afternoon while we walked about the city.The motel is run by an affable husband-and-wife team who seem to live on site. From their positive attitude, enthusiasm for the city, efficiency, and presence about the place, we felt well looked after. We particularly liked their honesty in advertising &quot;coffee, pastries, and fruit available in the lobby&quot; in the morning. That's just what it was and it was good enough for us. Most other places bill this a &quot;free continental breakfast!&quot;. The few minor problems did not detract from our good experience here:- The room air conditioner/heater was far too loud, giving us a choice of little air or little sleep.- The sign on the building reads &quot;Nob Hill Motel&quot;, not the &quot;Nob Hill Motor Inn&quot; we were trying to find. This caused a little confusion. - Some noise was audible from the adjacent room.Overall, at this price level, we felt that this place was as good as it gets.	
May 15 2007 	Great motel	Stayed 3 nights at this motel. Huge room with very comfortable bed and lovely bathroom. Very clean. Owners couldn't have been more helpful with info on where to go and not to go. Breakfast included with lots of fruit as well as pastries, orange juice, chocolate and coffee. Safe parking too. Central location made it easy to visit all the sites but it was quiet at night. Would definitely recommend and go back.	
May 14 2007 	Great Place Great location	WOW, looks plain on the outside but when you get inside this place is great. Large comfortable very clean rooms, great bed, and free secure parking. Easy access to public transportation, which was good enough we didn't move the car for three days. The wife and I spent three nights here seeing the sights in San Francisco and this was the perfect place. Staff was more than helpful, sort of like staying in a B&amp;B. All the great reviews are true!	
May 10 2007 	Great value for money	The Nob Hill motor inn was an excellent place to stay for the price paid. We had 5 nights in Feb 2007 and we were so glad of the spacious room (217) because it rained solidly for the whole time we visited SF! It meant that we had a good base to return to when the rain was at its worst.We found that our room was clean and well maintained with a very comfortable king bed and kitchenette, small dining table and large TV.The managers were very helpful and gave us a lovely welcome when we arrived after 8.30pm, making sure that we had plenty of information about the area etc.	
May 4 2007 	OK hotel in good location	A good value for money hotel in a very convenient location. We chose the hotel for its central location and free car parking. It is only a short walk to the cable car where you can catch a ride to Pier 39 &amp; Fisherman's Wharf. The cable car museum is also a short walk. There are various inexpensive but good restaurants nearby (Milano, just up the road, is recommended) and reception will be happy to point some out to you. The rooms themselves are not too flash - a bit small, the decor is quite dated and unusual, no bath - but they seemed clean enough and the beds were comfortable. The complimentary breakfast, that you collect on a tray from reception and bring up to your room, is not much - just coffee (no tea), some sweet pastries/iced donuts (for breakfast?) and some whole fruits (a banana or apple). Overall an OK hotel but we didn't expect too much considering the price and we were happy with the location.	
May 1 2007	Nice Hotel Great City	Nice Hotel, Great CityWe finished our road trip here, and were pleasently surprised with this hotel. It had good reviews and pretty much lived up to them.The room was big and very tidy plus had a kitchenette, the staff here do a great job. The front counter were very helpful.The only downside to the room was how much you could hear... as you could hear people in the rooms above and next to you clomping about as well as people walking down the corridor outside.All-in-all the hotel was in a good location just a few blocks from the trams.San Francisco was great.	
Apr 28 2007 	A Great Experience	This was a great place to stay in San Francisco. It is a relatively inexpensive place to stay in a great location. There is free parking for those with a car or if not, there is plenty of public transport close by, including the cable car route which is only a couple of blocks away.The room was clean and roomy (and included a fridge). The free breakfast was one of the best, with plenty of fresh fruit, a variety of pastries, juice, coffee, hot choc, etc.I travelled with my husband and 6 &amp; 4yr old and we always felt safe in this area, even walking around at night. There are heaps of great places to eat and a supermarket and pharmacy within walking distance. There is also a laundromat close by.The only problem we had was with a blocked toilet on our last morning, and when I went to report it, I was given a plunger! While we managed to fix the problem, we thought this was a bit odd!Overall though, it is good value for money and in a great spot.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great Family Vacation thanks to Nob Hill	We (2 kids + 2 parents) were in family suite 222 which had a seperate bedroom and a large living room with kitchenette, king bed and sitting facilities. The whole appartment was perfectly clean and well maintained. All facilities worked properly. Interior, furniture etc. was new and clean. We didnt experience the dust problems and maintenenance issues you read from the other visitors below. Staff was friendly and helpful. I cannot comment on public transport as we took the car to everywhere in SF. A medium sized supermarket is 10 min away (by foot).All highly recommendable.	
Apr 14 2007 	Run Down Family Suite	We booked this property due to the consistently good reviews it received on tripadvisor. What we found was a very mixed story. It is true that there are some unique positives here, such as: the large family suite for my family of 5; free parking; free breakfast items; and the central location. We found it very difficult to find a suitable room in SF that fit 5 people and this hotel did fill this requirement. The problems that we found with our room (#106) did take away from our SF experience though. My wife's dust allergies started acting up after only 5 minutes in the room. Maintenance issues were everywhere. The toilet tank was persistently leaking into the bowl. There were 2 large brown stains on the sofa bed mattress where my 8 year old was to spend the night (the manager did bring in a cot after our request). The wallpaper was peeling. The carpet badly needs to be replaced. The wetbar/kitchen cabinet door was broken and tiles were missing. There were circular water stains on the top of the TV in the bedroom. There were holes in both the sheet and blanket in one of the bedroom beds. There were whiteish stains on the chairs around the coffee table. The white doors to both the bedroom and bathroom were grimy. The soundproofing is poor--the pounding noise from the people upstairs as they walked around their room was amazingly loud and drove us from our sleep on 2 of the 3 nights we were there. Yes, the breakfast is free, but it consisted of donuts, danish, and other sugary items--no bagels, cereals, milk, juice or other healthy choices.As nice and as helpful as the managers were, I can't understand why someone would let a hotel room get to this stage of neglect. The maids seemed to do the best they could, but the problems are surely beyond their scope of work. Surprisingly, it seems that for $3000 or less, all the issues of this room could be fixed, making a world of difference for the traveler. It is just so unnerving to find yourself in a hotel room that feels unclean and disregarded, especially when children are brought along.	
Apr 6 2007	Good Value in view of Location	We stayed at this property for three nights and were suitably impressed. Other reviewers have made comments about the property and we would agree with those made and the ratings given. Accommodation in San Francisco can be expensive and this Hotel is great value. Some tips though for first time tourists to San Francisco. There are many homeless people in San Francisco, and this area (Nob Hill) is no different. Expect to be accosted and asked for money. Most are harmless, we did encounter one scary character in the next street to the Hotel who was erratic in behaviour and threatened an innocent passer-by. The owners of the hotel will point out &quot;No Go&quot; areas for tourists. There are many eateries in Polk Street which runs along the next street. Would also recommend a top level room as lower levels can get noisy if upstairs guests move around a lot.	
Apr 3 2007	Dreary Frisco weather but fun time anyway	We picked this motel, because the Tripadvisor ratings were very high and the price was reasonable, especially the free parking. When we arrived, I was a bit disappointed as I'm used to staying in nicer hotels, and I was worried the noise would bother me, but once we were settled in, it was a very nice experience. The owners were extremely helpful and nice to offer directions, etc. They also let friends visiting park in the lot for free which was great. The room was fine, very clean, with a nice little kitchen area incl a fridge and microwave. My only complaint would be the walls and ceiling are thin, so if you are on the first floor, you can hear people walking around above. Might want to ask for a second floor room. Otherwise, it's a nicer motel in a beautiful and fun city with lots to see and visit in walking distance.	
Mar 31 2007	This hotel was a gem!	Let me start by saying that the couple that run the hotel are charming, helpful and welcoming. Free parking in San Francisco and a super neighborhood full of great shops and eateries. The room was superb. I will surely stay again.	
Mar 21 2007	Friendly staff and good rooms	I expected something different from a motor inn, but this place was great. The rooms were very good and the staff very pleasant. For a budget priced inn it was excellent and was well placed in the city.	
Mar 19 2007 	Nob Hill - Nice	With the help of the the AAA Travel Guide and TripAdvisor reviews left by previous people who had stayed here, I was glad to see that you both were 100% right. I also called Judy and Frank (the owners) and made my own reservation. They were helpful on the phone and when we arrived. They told us places to see, how to get there, where not to go, etc. The room was clean and they offered danish, fruit and muffins with coffee and juice in the morning. If you don't want to pay a huge amount of money to stay in a room just to sleep, I would highly recommend it. Close to the cable car and bus line.	
Mar 19 2007 	Very Nice Nothing Overly SPECIAL though	Location is good - central to the tourist areas in San Fran and easy to get to Bus and Cable Car service. We stayed March 15-18 2007.If you book a stay - DO NOT STAY ON THE FIRST FLOOR. Take my advice and ask for a second floor room. As other travelers have warned about, the noise from the second floor guests above you is VERY LOUD and annoying. Sounds, literally, like a herd of elephants. We lost sleep because of the noise. Do not make this mistake or you will regret it.The rooms are not cavernous as some guests indicated - they are slightly above average; at least the double queen room we had was.If you want the benefits of staying at a nice pampering Hotel, with amenities like a pool and sauna, live music and a restaurant, then this is not the choice. If you just want a clean place to park your luggage and sleep, then this is a nice selection.This is nice, clean, centrally located, and the free parking is great. But it's not a 3-star Hotel - maybe a medium 2-star at best.	
Mar 16 2007	good place to stay	Stayed only 1 night. Rooms were clean and large. Free parking in garage is a definate plus. Owners very friendly and helpful with recommendations for where to dine and how to get around. Excellent location. Would highly recommend.	
Mar 12 2007 	As advertised here - Clean Comfortable Good Location Feb 23-25	My Wife and I stayed here at the end of February for three nights. This Motel delivered as advertised here, although nothing more. We had a well-situated motel, with a clean and comfortable room. Our hosts were hospitable and informed making good suggestions on places to eat nearby. The free parking underneath was tight but a real money saver for the rental vehicle. Don't go expecting Hyatt or Hilton style linens and beds, but it was all very clean and comfortable. The walls are thin, as indicated on other reviews. You can hear people outside your door walking around and people moving about above you. The continental breakfast was some store bought doughnuts, danishes in the plastic foil, and some fruit and juice. There is no toast or toaster that I saw. Overall, for a city like San Francisco this is an excellent value. We booked directly through the motel website with a total cost less than $100US per night. With our savings we had an amazing meal at Harris' Steakhouse a few doors down. My Wife said that was the best rib steak she has ever had. My prime rib was excellent too. So enjoy the city since there's so much to see. Jump on a cable car, visit the Wharf and take some pictures. Hope that this is helpful. I would return for the value. Fussy travellers or those who expect the Ritz will have a little sticker shock when they pull up to park. Happy travels.	
Mar 9 2007 	Loved the Nob Hill Motor Inn	Whenever we travel I always use the TripAdvisor site as my guide to where we stay and I'm happy to report that once again it's been right. I booked our stay at this location primarily due to the great reviews it had received, but also because trying to find accomodations for a family of 5 is difficult in San Fran. I was little nervous as we had never stayed in a motel before but boy was I ever surprised. The room was large 2 queens and a sofabed plus a sitting area and a mini kitchen! The room was very clean, the beds were very comfortable and the room was very quiet. The only two negative comments I could say about this location is that the paking is VERY tight (but FREE :) and the vanity in the bathroom and in the kitchen were a little dated (in my opinion... so what as it did not hinder our overall opinion). As a family we all agree we would definitely stay here again as the service, location and overall stay was great!	
Mar 2 2007 	Great find!	This is a great choice for San Francisco - it's inexpensive, with friendly managers, in a central location, and onsite parking is included. It's a basic motel room, but it's clean and the room I was in also had a fridge and a microwave, which would be great for longer stays. I will definitely be back!	
Feb 23 2007 	Great spot to stay	After much searching and planning on where to stay in San Francisco, we decided to try the Nob Hill Motor Inn. What a lovely surprise. The owners are delightful, and quite eager to make sure you have a great stay. We got an incredible internet price of $60 per night (unheard of in SF), including parking, mini-fridge in the room for all our leftovers, and doughnuts and juice in the morning. Starbucks and Peets Coffee are down the block, a great Chinese restaurant is right around the corner, as well as a wine and cheese store for a snack in the room. Yes, the rooms are a bit outdated, and the pillows very uncomfortable (huge), but we would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 13 2007 	Great experience	I stayed with my partner at the Nob Hill Motor Inn for 9 days. It is a great place where to stay for vacation: it's near the cable car and the bus stop, in a quite area (even during the night). Our room was big and clean, with a microwave and a fridge. The breakfast is not fantastic but it's a good beginning for the day and near the motel you can find a lot of places for drinking a good coffee. The staff (Frank and his wife) is very helpfull and very kind. I would reccomend this motel for sure also for its price. Enjoy the city!	
Feb 7 2007 	Wonderful place to stay	My husband and I stayed in the Nob Hill Motor Inn for four nights in June 2006. The location was perfect, with a cable car stop right up the street. The rooms were large, and it was very quiet at night. The only problem with the room was the shower...it was the worst water pressure. The people at the front desk were extremely nice and helpful, the gave me directions to almost everywhere! They even helped us find an alternative route to our next stop, Yosemite, when we found out that a rockslide closed a major entrance into the Park. I will stay here again. I highly recommend it!!	
Feb 2 2007 	Excellent choice !	I got this hotel through Hotwire.com and the surprise couldn't be any better. we payed 54 USD plus taxes for a very spacious and comfortable room.The location is really very good, the staff very friendly.Frank, the manager took about 30 minutes to introduce us to SF, drawing everything onto a map. That was very helpful.The hotel is very clean and everything is neat.Wireless worked well and fast.The only minus is the horrible coffee ...	
Jan 29 2007	Excellent Location	My husband and I stayed at this motel at the end of December. The owners absolutely made our trip. We had never been to San Francisco before and were provided with a map and all the necessary information to eat at the best places, buy bus tickets, where is safe, etc...The room was very clean and huge! It was quiet and the bed was very comfortable. One note, if your vehicle is tall (Thule Box), you may have a problem parking there and in San Francisco, you don't need your car, just take the bus! This problem was easily solved with a parking garage around the corner for $7.00 per day. Also, if you want to see Alcatraz book before you get there! I would recommend this motel to everyone!	
Jan 27 2007 	Great Place to Stay--Highly Recommended	Stayed at this Motel for a few days while in town for The Fancy Food Show.This was my first time to San Francisco and booked this reservation from the reviews I read on TripAdvisor and I was not disappointed at all.The Nob Hill Motor Inn is a small Motel run by a husband and wife team. We had a great experience staying here because we felt like we were at home. The rooms were very spacious and very clean although the decor is slightly outdated but who cares! Each room has a microwave and mini fridge, full size ironing board and iron, a binder with very helpful info about area attractions/places to eat etc.., they also provide free wireless internet access, and complimentary continental breakfast . We were greeted by Frank (owner) who patiently explained all the things we needed to know about the area--he even gave us a map and wrote down areas that were unsafe, as well as must-see attractions. The day after we arrived the Motel was being run by Naresh and his wife--who were taking over while Frank and Judy were on holidays--they were also extremely helpful and went out of their way to make sure we had everything we needed--they also gave me some great tips on how to make great tea!!There is a Starbucks within a few blocks, as well as some other restaurants--we arrived on a Saturday night and were very disappointed to find that most restaurants around our Motel closed at 9 or 10pm which we found very inconvenient and strange--if you go to North Beach area (little Italy) apparenlty the Cafe's and restaurants are open very late and are quite busy.Overall, we had a great experience at the Nob Hill Motor Inn and would definitely return.	
Jan 17 2007 	Reviews are true - this is a find!!	Very good location!We stayed in the family suite – huge rooms and VERY comfortable beds!The owners are nice – the breakfast is coffee/hot chocolate/tea/juice, muffins and cakes, banana and apples – not very healthy but good :- ) and free!Parking and wireless network worked perfectly – Very nice place to stay – would absolutely come back! Le Petit Robert is an excellent restaurant on Polk - a few minutes walk!	
Jan 9 2007	Great location comfortable room friendly service	Our stay in the Nob Hill was very comfortable and the husband and wife team who run it were helpful and friendly. The free parking was super because it meant we could just leave the car for the 4 days we were in SF.The location is great with cable car stops nearby. We also walked from the motel down to Fisherman's Wharf which was not as strenuous as I feared - and actually very picturesque.There are some good restaurants locally and all in all we found the neighbourhood very pleasant. Our room was very clean and I really enjoyed having a bath tub!However, we did have one problem at the start. I cannot remember which website we booked through but unfortunately although I had been issued a 'reservation number' it turned out not to be and when we arrived the Inn was full. We had to stay in another hotel for that first night, but the owners of Nob Hill organised that for us and we were not charged extra even though the other place was a bit more expensive. We were back in the Nob Hill the next morning and had no further problems. For this reason might be a good idea to double check your reservation before leaving home.However, despite that hiccup, I would highly recommend Nob Hill Motel Inn.	
Jan 5 2007 	We keep coming back!!	This is our fourth or fifth visit at the Nob Hill Motor Inn in the last 2 or 3 years. We stayed here 4 nights over the New Year. I have found that if you contact them directly, you may get the best deal and no hassle confirmed reservations. In our opinion, this is by far one of the better areas of San Francisco with retail stores and fantastic restaurants on Polk Street, a few steps away. You are also very close to Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf, and the trolleys. Besides free parking, you have easy access to the Golden Gate or Bay Bridges on nearby Van Ness. The Cheese shop next door is delightful.Frank &amp; Judy, the managers, have always treated us well for all of our visits. It is their personal touch and room cleanliness that keep us coming back. As the California governor says, &quot;I'll be back!&quot;	
Dec 27 2006 	Liars- Bait and Switch Operation	The night before we were scheduled to check in at this hotel, I called to confirm our reservations. The person at the hotel told me that Travelocity sent them a fax saying we had backed up our reservation to come in 2 nights later and that they were booked the night I was scheduled. When I asked them to fax me a copy of this&quot; fax&quot; they refused to do so. I then called Travelocity who called the hotel for me and came back saying that the hotel said we changed the reservation. Total Lie! I had never called this hotel before this moment. Travelocity then told us they had to talk to the Managers and would call us back by 11pm Central Time. We never received a call back, so we called again. They got back in touch with the hotel and said we could check into their sister hotel. Luckily I read in a previous post that this hotel was awful. We said that was not acceptable and Travelocity said they would book us another room (at the same rate we were scheduled to pay at another hotel). So we picked another hotel that was a little more expenisive and they still charged our card the higher rate. And took until 2 am on the phone to get another hotel (we could have rebooked one ourselves quicker if we knew we were going to pay a higher rate).My guess is the Nob Hill overbooks and takes the people who received the cheaper rates online and trys to bump them to their worse hotel. Oh and The Travelocity Guarantee is not a guarantee.	
Dec 13 2006 	Great Stay in Nob Hill	We stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn for 4 nights over Thanksgiving.I have to completely agree with almost every other review as to the good location, value and friendliness of the staff.Although on the small side, the room was clean and comfortable.Would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 5 2006 	We loved it!	Enjoyed a 5 day visit in August. Loved San Francisco, loved Nob Hill Motor Inn. Accommodation was clean and comfortable, good value, very central, good shops, bars and restaurants close by. Best point was the friendly staff, they provided endless info on local attractions and were generally helpful throughout our stay. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place.	
Dec 3 2006 	Amazingly helpful owners....	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights having read the great reviews on this website. We were certainly not disappointed. On arrival we were checked in efficiently by the husband and wife team who run the hotel - there was an instant friendly atmosphere to the hotel. We were given a detailed map of the area with commentary of where to go and where not to go. We were given tips on how to get around the city - all this helped us to make the most of the 2 days that we had in the city. The room was basic, clean and the bed was really comfortable. The hotel was centrally located to easily get on the cable cars which could take you to the main shopping, eating and sightseeing areas within about 10 minutes. There was a self serve breakfast each morning with muffins, fruit, cake, juice, coffee etc which could be taken to room or eaten on the go. On our final day we had trouble with our satallite navigation system and the owners of the hotel were SO helpful, even going to the extent of lending us their laptop so we could get it working. We were in their reception area for a couple of hours and never once felt that we were in the way. A massive thank you to them for their help.	
Dec 2 2006 	Great Stay	Nob Hill Motor Inn is in a great location.Only 2 minutes walk to Van Ness Avenue bus stops, it is handy for the #47 Muni bus, which takes you to Fisherman's Wharf, Market Street, or the City, as well as linking you other major transport routes.Nob Hill Motor Inn is also about 4 blocks / 7 minutes walk to the California cable car line. This, from the canny tourists point of view is good, because the California line doesn't seem to be as busy as the lines running from the City to Fisherman's Wharf. In other words, you can usually get a seat on the cable car.The Nob Hill Motor Inn rooms were clean, reasonably quiet, and the Managers - Frank and Judy both friendly and helpful. Actually too helpful! Frank took great delight showing us a map of where to go, and not to go, when we checked in - he probably didn't realise we'd been travelling for 16 hours! I needed a shower!Basically, he was enthusiastic about his city, which was great to see.He and his wife were also very informative about local attractions and shopping.In nearby Polk Avenue, there were plenty of places 5-10 minutes walk for dining, and there were 2 laundrys within about 5 blocks for those on extended stays. Get a #47 bus northbound to Fishermans Wharf - there's a laundry on the right, and, further along, one on the left.I thought the complimentary wireless internet was very convenient.Also, this hotel is one of the few places I have stayed at in the USA, that DOESN'T charge huge $$$ for phone calls.The complimentary breakfast helped get you under way for the day - tea or coffee, juice, fruit, muffins and sugary sticky danish. A bit of a surprise to the Kiwi stomach at that time of the day, but welcome all the same! (Must admit, I was getting addicted).I would highly recommend Nob Hill Motor Inn to travellers, and would stay there again. (Sorry I blocked your lavatory, Frank!).If you visit San Francisco, and want to see the sights, buy a Muni Pass - they come in 1, 3, and 7 day issues.We had the 7 day pass - $24 - and this got us unlimited rides on all Muni buses, cable cars, street cars and the subway (not the BART system). Consider paying $5 for a one-way ride on a cable car, and you can see the value of buying a Muni pass.Overall, a thoroughly enjoyable stay - thanks Frank and Judy.	
Dec 1 2006 	Thanksgiving	Stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn for 9 days over Thanksgiving. Booked via Expedia after seeing the reviews here and I can honestly say that what this hotel lacks in gloss it more than makes up for in sheer value for money and service. It is situated on Pacific between Van Ness and Polk in a residential district but there are many good places to eat nearby, not least Polkers on Polk street and the amazing steaks at Harris's (the latter is one of the oldest and best establishments in the city and is fabulous). We found it better being out of the hurly burly of the city centre and the eclectic quality of the neighbourhood is charming. It is a good walk into the City centre, but not too strenerous if you choose your route carefully. In fact Polk Street offers one of the easiest walks to and from the wharf area.	
Nov 30 2006 	Great friendly place to stay	Nob Hill Inn is a really good place to stay. The owners know almost everything there is to know about San Francisco - they'll tell you where to visit (and where not to) and how to get there. The rooms are large and comfortable (your above average standard room really). If you have a car, you can park here, which is a real bonus in a city where parking is limited. The Inn is fairly well located - although it's in a residential area, so there's not a great deal of nightlife. There are some nice little restaurants nearby as you walk towards Hyde. Muni travel passes (the 3 day passes are a real bargain if you plan to be in the city that long) can be bought from the Holiday Inn on Van Ness. This Inn has a good reputation and when we were there it was fully booked and it seemed that the majority of the guests had been there before which is always a good sign. Definitely to be recommended if you want a standard room in a handy location.	
Nov 28 2006	what a find	stayed in this hotel 1 st week of november for 7 days with my wife and 16 year old son.it was our first visit to san francisco so was a bit worried about this hotel location but as alot of people have said on here in other reviews it is a excellent location not by all the noise of the big hotels but close enough to easilly get to the main attractions. the owners are very nice and polite as said before when you first get there they will give you a run down of where to go and where not to go.the breakfast is basic cakes, rolls, tea, coffee, fruit etc but great for early mornings out. the rooms are large very well keept clean and it has a fridge and microwave. if i go back san fran again i will deffo use this hotel again and will tell anyone oi know to do so also.	
Nov 27 2006 	Great place in San Francisco	We stayed here for 3 nights in October 2006.This hotel is located between Pacific and Van Ness. A small hotel with 2 floors and has free parking. Good value for money. Close to Fisherman's Wharf and China TownFriendly staff. Sangita with the helpful tips on places to go, eat. and shop. This made our stay in San Francisco a lot easier.The room includes a basic breakfast of tea/cofee, danish pastries, fruit (apple and banana) and juice.They also have free wireless internet connection.We stayed in Room 107, and could hear the occupants upstairs. We had a junior suite, which was OK and had 2 double beds, a bathroom and a small kitchenette. It was deifnitely big enough for our extended family (3 adults and 2 young children)In San Francisco, we went to the following restaurants.* Chinatown - Yuet Lee - Stockton and Broadway. Great food. Exterior questionnale, but these places are the best kind of places for food!* Cheesecake Factory at Macy's - Long waiting times to get a table. Tried the cheescake, but I think the place is overrated!* Bubba Gump at Pier 39 in Fisherman's Wharf - Received terrible service. They tried to shove us off our table as fast as they could/* Polkers on Pol Street and Vallejo Street. great place for breakfast within a couple of blocks from Nob Hill Hotel.* Italian ice cream on Green.* Little Italy - Original US restaurant - Colombus at Green. Good italian.We drove from San Francisco to San Diego (along Highway 1) and stayed in the following hotels (see other reviews).San Francisco - Nob Hill Motor Inn, 1630 Pacific Avenue. Carmel - Carmel Resort Inn - Carpenter and 2nd.Santa Barbara - Casa del MarAnaheim - Holiday Inn And in San Diego, we rented a 2 bedroom condo in Mission Beach for a week. It's far more economical than a hotel!	
Nov 19 2006 	value for money - couple from Galway Ireland	good value for money, good location, helpful staff, large clean room, large bathroom with good water pressure. however, slight musty smell. Complimentary breakfast in reception area, must take back to room as no seating area - fruit, juice, muffins, croissants, tea, coffee, enough to keep one going. Free parking.Nice eateries on Polk Street (towards wharf direction - great Thai - Lemongrass, very reasonable. Also Scomas - great seafood restaurant (good steak took), Pier 41 in to left, towards sea, off the main road. We hired bikes from Blazzing Saddles and cycled along sea front &amp; across Golden Gate Bridge to Sausilito, ( all down hill from bridge) came back by ferry as too steep to cycle back. Thoroughly enjoyed the trip, took about 1hr 15 mins.A warm fleece or jacket is need in SF in late Sept/early Oct.We spent 3 weeks driving from LA to San Fran( up Highway 1) to Death Valley via Yosemite and onto Las Vegas. We then flew to New York to stay with family for 2 nights before heading home.The following is a list of where we stayed &amp; quick commentsLA - Hollywood Celebrity Hotel - great location, basic but great value. - 2 nightsSanta Barbara - Cheshire Cat Inn - excellent overall, not too expensive - 1 night - loved the town.San Luis Obispo - Petit Soleil B &amp; B - excellent overall - not too expensive - 1 night - nice town.Monterey penninsula - Old Monterey Inn - better than excellent but expensive, - very romantic - 2 nights - lovely area especially if one is into golf as we are - Pebble Beach - wow!San Fran - Nob Hill Motor Inn - good location, basic but great value.Yosemite Nat Park - Ahwahnee Hotel - excellent but expensive, romantic - 2 nights.Lone Pine - Dow Villa Motel - good value, 1 night, on hind sight no need to stay here, could have driven from Ahwahnee to Furnace Creek in Death Valley without breaking the journey with an overnighter here. Could just have stopped for dinner at the Merry Go Round restaurant.Death Valley - Furnace Creek Ranch (Inn not open) - no real options in DV, 1 nightLas Vegas - The Orleans Hotel - off strip, shuttle every 15 mins, took about 7 mins - fantastic value - 3 nights.See separate reviews also, have listed as above because a lot of people seem to do this trip and if we had come across something like this initially, it would have taken us a fraction of the time to put the trip together.	
Nov 19 2006 	Nightmare experience	We had a reservation that we booked online directly through the property. When we got there to check in they said they had been trying to contact us (which I know they hadn't) because they did not have a room for us. When I asked how they lost our reservation, she said they did not lose it but rather they never had a room for us &amp; when they received our reservation they had handed it over to their management dept. to handle, who never once tried to contact us. Funny how we got a confirmation via email but we did not receive the email they supposedly sent to tell us of the situation, nor did we receive any phone calls they claimed to have made. They offered to &quot;upgrade&quot; us at another &quot;sister&quot; property so we said ok. They drove us to new property which was further away from where we wanted to be &amp; looked like a dive. When we walked into the office, the man behind the desk did not even look up or speak to us for a couple minutes. He finally said the room was not ready &amp; we could wait next door. This was supposed to be a smoke-free hotel but the manager was in his room (right off the registration area) smoking away in his unmade bed. The complimentary continental breakfast consisted of powered orange juice, coffee, tea, hot cocoa, &amp; danishes that had been sitting out in the smoky office. Needless to say, we did not stay here &amp; found accomodations elsewhere in the city. Bottom line--poor management &amp; customer service. I would not stay here if it was the last place in San Francisco.	
Nov 16 2006	Nob Hill exceeds expectations!	My wife, two children, and I stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn for three nights in early November. For under $100 a night, we received a spacious room with 2 very comfortable queen beds, continental breakfast, and free parking. From the outside, it looks like a typical 1950s motor inn with a U-shape and parking underneath the rooms. But the rooms themselves have obviously been renovated. They are as nice or better than most chain hotels. The location is on Pacific Ave, one-half block east of Van Ness and 2 1/2 blocks west of Hyde, where you can pick up the cable car. Pacific is amost level so the walk to the cable cars is easy. We purchased 3-day Muni transit passes and rode cable cars, streetcars, and the subway all over the city. Within 2-3 blocks there is a wide variety of restaurants. The continental breakfast (muffins, doughnuts, apples, bananas, and packaged pastries) is quite satisfying. We enjoyed breakfast, but if you want something more gourmet or more substantial, you will need to eat out. The husband and wife owners appear to work all the time and are quite friendly. We highly recommend Nob Hill.	
Nov 13 2006	Fantastic great motel nice neighbourhood. Perfect and a bargain price too	Stayed the the nob hill motor inn for 4 days at the start of November 2006. Had a very plesant greating with the couple who run the hotel showing us all the major do's and don't.The room as great, nice and big, clean and tidy. Maid service every day. TV with 80 channels and in room coffee. Could not fault this place at all. And all for less than £50 a night. We shall be staying here again for sure.Complimentary breakfast as pastries and coffee at reception.All major bus routes nearby, with cable cars a block away.Book this motel and you will not have any problems. Positive reviews on tripadvisor made me book this motel, and i was not disappointed. Great!	
Nov 13 2006	Loved the Motor Inn	Stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn at 1630 Pacific. It was perfect, free parking there at the hotel. If you drive you can park your car right there, off the street, lighted, SAFE. the owners are always there. They will help you get around as soon as you get there. they gave me a map. They will help you with anything you can think of. They told me what bus to catch and where. refrigerators in rooms and microwave. Request a third floor the noise travels through the floors. I could hear the people above me, but that was the only thing I would change. I will stay here again my next visit.	
Nov 11 2006 	I loved my stay at Nob Hill Motor Inn	After having a great hotel stay in Puerto Rico based on what I read on TripAdvisor.com, I decided to find a hotel in San Francisco based on customer reviews. This hotel lived up to its great reviews! My boyfriend and I call it &quot;A hidden treasure&quot; in San Francisco - Nob Hill. The room was spacious and clean. The bed was comfortable. The parking was a little tight, but it was free and secure. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location was great and close to the sites! The rate was very reasonable. We were able to park our car and walk and/or take public transportation to the sites. It was quiet too! I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 31 2006 	Brilliant Hotel quiet convenient friendly	We started our trip in San Francisco, and after reading good reviews we went for it and booked it before we went. The good part of this hotel is the parking. We left our car there for the entire 3 days we were there. It is central, so good for most things. Easy walking to cable cars, buses, etc. so you can get to everywhere from here. The people who run it were so friendly, giving us advice where to go and, more importantly, where not to go! The room was clean, comfortable and quiet. It had everything in it you needed. Tea/Coffee, TV, fridge and even a Microwave. Information in the guest book was really good too. Buy the MUNI passes, which save you money as a trip on the cable cars are $5 each way. There's a good wine shop called Jugs on the next street, opposite a very nice delicatessen. As we were ending our trip a couple of weeks later back in San Francisco, we liked the motel so much we booked for our final night before we flew back to England. So I can say it was an ideal hotel for us.	
Oct 29 2006 	Would Stay There Again In A Heart Beat	My husband and I stayed here this Labor Day weekend. (2006) We drove in from Illinois. It was such a joy to park the car - with no parking fees - and just use the city transportation.We took several tours, and were picked up at the hotel for most of them. . It is about a $10 cab ride to the bay. The staff was extremely pleasant and helpfulThere is a cheese store on the corner which serves great sandwiches. Suggest you split one if you are not a big eater. Great place to check out snacks too.The rooms were clean ,spacious,and well appointed. The price for the great room and free parking was the best I could find (on line )in the city, and believe me I did my homework.	
Oct 28 2006 	Not bad at all	We have just returned from a week stay at the Nob Hill Motor Inn.I must admit to normally avoiding motels but was glad I didn't in this case.The people who run the hotel are very friendly. The rooms clean and comfortable.I wondered if it might be a little noisy - not all all. The only thing we heard was the fog horn !!Don't get over excited abot the free breakfast - it's just cakes, fruit and drinks in reception. However if you're booked on a day trip with an early start it comes in handy.The location was good. You're only a couple of blocks away from one of the cable car routes and one block away from Polk St where there are numerous restaurants and bars.	
Oct 18 2006	A great little hotel	We stayed at the Nob Hill Motel for three days at the beginning of October 06, It was a well presented and very clean hotel set in a very good location, this enabled easy access to all the sites you would usually visit in San Fransisco, They have free covered Parking beneath the rooms which is watched by close circuit TV so your car will be safe whilst you stay. The Hotel is run by a very friendly couple who will give you all the advise you need to enjoy a perfect stay which will include where the best places to eat and drink are located, how to safely get to all the tourist destinations and will even tell you where to avoid to stay safe, they really are friendly hosts and nothing is to much trouble for them.The room we stayed in was well equiped and spottlessly clean but was a little cramped when you need to be living out of two suitcases as we were when we toured california, although they do have larger rooms and I would recommend reserving one of these if you are to stop longer than one night.I would not hesitate to return to the Nob Hill Hotel if I was to return to San fransisco.	
Oct 18 2006 	Quite a Find!	My husband and I just recently returned from a 7 night stay at the Nob Hill Motor Inn. We read all the reviews on Tripadvisor and still were a little nervous as to our choice. We needn't have been. What a terrific place to stay! We had a room with king size bed, microwave, frig, coffee maker - it was perfect. Very clean. The hotel is within walking distance of the cable cars and the MUNI, which we used as our mode of transportation because we didn't rent a car. (We bought 7 day MUNI passes which I highly recommend - what a bargain.) Frank and Judy, the managers, were so nice and very helpful. I would highly recommend this gem of a hotel to anyone who asked.	
Oct 16 2006 	Bait and Switch terrible breakfast thin walls good location	My wife, 16-month old son, and mother-in-law wanted to make a memorable weekend in San Francisco, and based on reviews in this site I called the motel for a room. Frank, the manager/owner, reserved a &quot;suite with a king bed and 2 queen beds&quot; for 2 nights last weekend. I asked him to email me the confirmation, but this did not happen. He gave me the confirmation # by phone and said that was enough.We reached the motel late Friday night, and as I was checking in I asked him that this was indeed a suite with the king and 2 queen beds. He gave me surprised look, and said, no, this was a 1 room suite with 2 queens and a sofa. He was still going to charge me the same rate as the bigger suite (based on the price on his website), but continued to maintain that this is what he had told me when confirming on the phone, and I must have mis-understood, and he offered no apologies or regrets ( I just dug up my post-it note from the conversation and it clearly states Family suite - 1 king 2 queen). Since it was 10pm on a Friday night, and I was traveling with family, I agreed to this down-grade, as long as it was a one-room suite, it would still ensure some privacy and rest for all of us. When we walked into the room, it turned out to be a room (not a suite!) with 2 queen beds, and sleeper bed that was so bad that we had to squeeze in on the 2 queen beds, a very uncomfortable experience.We were woken up several times during the night by guests running around at all odd hours, (3am, 4am), and could pretty much hear the neighbors' TV and conversations through the thin walls. Breakfast in the morning was very basic and pretty gross. The hot water for the hot chocolate stunk, the coffee was weak, and the OJ was watery. The muffins, crossaints, and rolls were those extra-sweet plastic-wrapped non-fresh kind, definetely not bfast material! My wife asked me not to make a big deal about this, and to keep everything calm. When I checked out, Frank did not even bother to ask about my experience...All in all, it was the sights and sounds of San Francisco that made the trip memorable, while nob motor hill is definetely not the place to stay in SFO.	
Oct 16 2006 	Great family hotel	We spent 5 nights in the family suite Oct 6th Till Oct 11th. The room was clean and spacious. There was plenty of room for my husband, myself and 4 children. The couple who run the hotel provided us with great advice and the location was excellent. It wasnot in the touristy area but part of a neighbourhood. It was a short walk to the bus and cable cars. The only thing that it lacked was a laundry but there was one just a short walk away. We would happily stay here again.	
Oct 14 2006 	Great Location	A great location in the centre of the safe part of San Francisco, easy working to all the main areas of interest. Very helpfull staff made our visit safe and entertaining. Lots to do within a few minutes walk, but of course very hilly. Not too many shops nearby and most of the eating houses were on the small side but the cost and quality was good. Free parking is a good bonus for this hotel as the good public transport system (very cheap taxis) saves you risking the hectic driving conditions. Only set back was that the open walkways could be a little noisy on a night time.	
Oct 13 2006 	Great Value	The Nobb Hill Motor Inn is a great value when staying in San Francisco. My wife and I spent 5 nights there. The managers are very helpful and seem to be there almost all the time. The rooms a very clean. It is not the Ritz but for the price it is everything you could want. Plus the parking is free...big plus in this city. The area near the hotel is full of great food options. Try the Bell Tower, Thai Spice and especially Sac's Oyster Bar. All with in walking distance. There is a bus line right outside the door.	
Oct 11 2006 	Great value and location!	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, and it was worth every penny! I can't say enough about the free parking, and the location is central enough that you could get to where you needed to go without a problem - public transportation (bus, cable car) is within a few blocks, and it's also nice just to walk around on foot. Receptionist was very nice and personable, and quite knowledgeable of the city - she was well informed of the places to see and do, and was prepared with a little map that helped us out immensely getting around town. Rooms are nothing fancy, but they were clean and comfortable. It might not be a 5-star hotel, but I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great place without spending an insane amount of $$ on lodging. When we're back in the city, we're definitely going to book our nights at Nob Hill!	
Oct 3 2006 	Best "Gem" in San Francisco	What a great place to stay. My husband &amp; I stayed here for 5 nights 26-Sep to 1-Oct-06. It's not a 5 Star hotel, but was just what we needed. Comfortable, clean and homey. It's centrally located to bus &amp; Cable cars. Purchase a 3-day ($18) Muni pass and it pays for itself with just 2 round-trips on the cable cars, which are 2 blocks away. The staff is great, the rooms are large and beds are comfy. We arrived at 12:45 p.m. - well ahead of our check-in time, but were able to leave our bags and advised about a great little restaurant on Polk Street (just up the hill) for lunch. We enjoyed the Bell Tower Restaurant so much; we went back on our last night for a spectacular dinner. By the time we were finished lunch, we were able to go to our room. The parking was fine - we had rented a Pontiac Vibe, so parking wasn't a problem at all. It could be a little tight if you had a large SUV. My husband is a smoker and although the rooms are non-smoking, there is a &quot;spot&quot; in the back corner where he could go to indulge. Little Thai Restaurant down the hill on Polk Street was great too. The pharmacist at the Walgreen's on Broadway &amp; Polk was very helpful when a small medical problem arose as well. We will definitely stay here again and recommend it highly to others!	
Sep 29 2006 	Very Clean 	Well, first off, i would like to thank all the previous tripadvisor reviewers. I booked this place for 2 nights based on all the positive reviews from this site. We were very satisfied. Upon check in, we were greated by a very friendly and helpful receptionist. She immediately gave us a map of the city and told us where to and not to go. She also booked us a City Tour trip of the city for the following morning. The rooms were nothing fancy, but very clean and adequate. Another plus is the free parking, inside and under cover. That definately made us feel more comfortable there. The location of the hotel is actually on Russian Hill, right off Polk St. There is a wide variety of restaurants, bars, clubs, stores and businesses very close and within walking distance of the hotel. We actually walked all over the place, its a very nice city. Fisherman's Wharf is a nice little walk downhill. During the weekdays, they offer coffee and pastries in the front office. If you need internet access, they do offer it, but since i didn't have a pc with me, there was a Kinko's about a block down the street where you can get very inexpensive Internet access, if you need to check your email, make a reservation or print out your flight boarding passes... All in all, a wonderful clean and convenient little place to stay in a nice part of town. If we come back to San Fran in the future, we will definately stay here again plus I will mention it to others!!!	
Sep 25 2006 	Great Value and Very clean	We stayed here with my in-laws and my 14 mo old son in a family suite. It was very spacious and the refrig and micro were great to have. The free continental breakfast was enough for all of us.(Donuts, crossants, danishes, muffins, bananas, and apples.) The parking is tight but doable. We had a room on the top floor and found it very quiet. The owners were very friendly. I have stayed at high end hotels and the only difference is you pay for a beautiful lobby. I don't care about a lobby. Some of the rooms in expensive hotels are more outdated and worn than the rooms here. I found them to be very clean and up to date. I can't find one thing wrong with this hotel. The location is good, but a 20-25 minute walk or so to Fisherman's Wharf. I would stay here again, especially when traveling with family or kids. Call directly for best pricing and for Sr. and AAA discount.	
Sep 25 2006 	Convenient great accomodation for travellers	After a 12 hours flight from Europe we just loved their beds!Clean, silent and comfortable accomodation at absolutely good price. Some excellent restaurant at walking distance.Staff friendly and helpful , lot of information for tourists .Free parking. Cable car and bus at 5 min .Very good choice. Hope to be back , who knows?	
Sep 19 2006 	Just Right	Looking for just the right place? Clean, spacious, quiet, helpful staff , free parking, great location.	
Sep 14 2006 	Great Find	This is a great spot, in a convenient location. The rooms are very large and comfortable. There is free parking in the hotel, which I believe is unheard of in San Francisco. They have a small breakfast available in the lobby in the morning, which is a nice touch.The hotel staff (owners) are so friendly. When we checked in, we were given a map of the city, and shown were all of the main sites were. They even told us where &quot;not to go&quot;, which is great for tourists - you don't want to be wandering into dodgy areas at night.We walked to most places in San Francisco from here. Fishermans Wharf is about 15 mins. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 12 2006 	Need to Keep This One a Secret	I did a lot of research to find this gem. I was taking my teenage daughter and a friend out to San Francisco for their spring break and needed a reasonably priced place to stay. I read a great deal of the reviews, good and not-so-good, and I was glad I made the decision to stay at the Nob Hill Inn. The rooms were very clean and comfortable and suited our needs. It was nice to have the fridge &amp; microwave, too! Since we were only out there for 5 days, we did not spend a great deal of time in our room. Getting to the attractions was relatively easy. There were quite a few coffee shops, stores and restaurants in walking distance as well. It rained just about the whole time we were there, but we had a great time anyway.Frank and Judy were extremely helpful with maps and directions and were available if we had any questions. If you are a traveler who expects the type of accommodations offered by a 5 star hotel, you should not stay here. This is a place that is appreciated for it's moderate price, comfortable, clean rooms and really nice staff. When you are visiting San Francisco as a tourist or even visiting family, you're certainly NOT spending much time in your room anyway! The parking may be tight, but the price is certainly right!I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 10 2006	Great location service parking	I expected less from a hotel in the city, and was pleasantly surprised. The room was quiet enough to actually get some sleep! The free parking is a bargain - no in/out charges, though I suggest a compact car as the spaces are tight. The room was clean &amp; comfortable, with plenty of storage &amp; drawer space. The microwave &amp; small refrigerator worked well. I especially enjoyed bringing up the continental breakfast from the lobby, as it gave enough sustanance to get the day started. The managers are very pleasant &amp; helpful. If you are a smoker you will enjoy the area set out for you - a comfortable table &amp; chairs with lovely plants.The location is good - safe and relatively central. A quick bus ride takes you to Chinatown or the Wharf in minutes. You can't get lost, as the inn is right off of Van Ness, so feel good about hopping in the car to run about town, too.SAFETY TIP: The doors do have deadbolts, so you're okay to leave your travel lock at home. The managers will provide you with a map of areas not to drive through (nothing close to the hotel). There were no obscured corners/lurking areas, and the lobby is open late.	
Sep 7 2006	Countless Positives	Being close to San Francisco’s major attractions was a definite plus. The Nob Hill Motor Inn was conveniently located a mere ten minutes away from Fisherman’s wharf and a couple blocks from the Cable Cars. Even “Crookedest” Street was close by, but walking it just wouldn’t have been as entertaining as driving it was! The façade of the Inn looked classy and the rooms themselves were nicely furnished and supplied with a fridge, microwave, coffeemaker, etc… The wireless internet made checking flight times a cinch (down-time allowed me to clean up all the clutter in my hotmail account as well). FREE parking was a huge plus. All in all, I had a great, relaxing stay.	
Sep 5 2006	Walkers best friend	San Francisco is a small city and walking truly is a tourist’s best friend. With this in mind, I booked a room at the Nob Hill Motor Inn because of its prime location and good reviews. It is all that it’s advertised to be - large rooms, great extras, friendly staff and free parking. Nob Hill’s location puts it near lively Polk Street with a brief walk, in every direction, to places like Fisherman’s Wharf, Crooked Street, and City Hall. My wife enjoyed the Wireless internet as an added bonus - helped us map out our trip to her relatives near Yosemite. It's refreshing to find places where the service is outstanding. Frank and Judy, the couple at the front desk, had much to say about the city and recommended some great places to eat. If you’re looking for a nice room and a friendly environment to stay in, choose the Nob Hill Motor Inn.	
Sep 3 2006 	Great location but disappointed with accommodation	We recently stayed at Nob Hill Motor Inn (based on previous reviews in tripadvisor and expedia) and were greeted by Frank, who recommended Milano's restaurant on Pacific Ave for dinner on our first night in San Francisco. (Great Italian food by the way, we went there twice!!). We stayed on the first floor( the Inn only has 2 floors) which is above the parking area and yes the free parking is great but spaces are tight for minivans. The room's decor was outdated, beds were lumpy and uncomfortable(kids complained of back aches in the morning) and there was an odor that lasted the duration of our stay. So practically every day we had to leave the door open to air out the room. The room had a small tv in the living room/bedroom, definitely deserves a larger tv. The bathroom's decor was also outdated and the floor was uneven. We were often awakened by early risers due to very thin walls and ceilings and quite often heard doors slamming from other rooms. The complimentary breakfast which we took advantage of for 2 mornings consisted of a few bananas, apples, muffins and danishes in plastic wrap along with coffee, tea, hot chocolate and orange juice which was served in there reception area which is in their tiny office. We also recommend Polker's for breakfast. We found the location to be excellent ie based in Russian Hill area, close to Cow Hollow/ Union Street Shops, Crookedest Street, Fisherman's Wharf, Ghirardelli Square and within driving distances to Union Square, Chinatown, North Beach. Unfortunately, the hotel owner's recommendation to take a tour with Tower's Tours did not go well for us. The driver spoke very quickly and stops at Twin Peaks, The Golden Gate Bridge and Park were brief and we didn't even know the tour had started in Fisherman's Wharf area. Plus my daughter fell asleep on the tour(that says alot). It didn't help that the day was overcast and yes the temperature fluctuates in San Francisco and it is important to always have a sweater or jacket with you because the evenings get pretty chilling. We loved visiting San Francisco and hope to return one day but we would not stay at the Nob Hill Motor Inn again. We would probably pay more and stay somewhere else.	
Aug 31 2006 	Best Hotel Managers	Both Mona and the other woman manager made our long-anticipated family trip so much nicer. Both ladies went out of their way to provide helpful and practical suggestions from places to do laundry, to getting a transportation pass, to helping with directions and restaurant suggestions. Their suggestion of a local Italian place for my daughters 16th birthday ended up being the best meal we had the entire trip. The hotel was quiet, clean, very comfortable beds and spacious rooms. We wouldn't consider staying anyplace else on our next trip to San Francisco and have recommended it to friends already. While the hotel really is a great find with the free parking, access to nearly everything, it was the managers that made it special.	
Aug 30 2006 	A terrific motel	My family of 3 stayed at the Nob Hill motor inn for 2 nights ($119 per night, booked 6 months prior). The motel is very reasonable especially with parking included. I found this motel from excellent reviews I read here on Trip Advisors. The motel is very clean and if you can stay on the second floor, you will not hear the cars parking under the first floor rooms. Around the block is the 47 bus which is less than a 10 min ride to and from the wharf. The bus is $1.50 per adult and .50 per child. That amounts to a $7.00 round trip. That beats the cost of parking down at the wharf. Lombard street is also nearby. The people who work at the motel will great you with a smile and do all they can to direct you in any direction you wish to go. Anytime my travel plans take me to San Francisco I will stay at this wonderful motel. Thanks to all who made our stay extra special.	
Aug 29 2006 	The Best	This place is the best! Great people who work at the hotel, they could not have been friendlier or more helpful. Not only did they help with places to go, how to get there, etc... they were very pleasant to talk with and they were interested in hearing about our experiences to share with other guests. The hotel is small and intimate and the suite we had was great for a family. Lots of room and privacy. Each of my teenage boys had their own queen size bed and a TV in their room. The rooms were clean and neat. The Continental breakfast had the greatest donuts we have ever had. The neighborhood was a great location. Lot's of places to eat near by, cafe's, shops, markets, and all the charm of SF. Free hotel parking as well. I would go back in a minute without even looking for an alternative. Thanks for a great time!	
Aug 25 2006 	A very nice place to stay	Nob Hill Motor Lodge is located on Pacific Avenue, just off Van Ness (one of the main streets). It's a small hotel with a courtyard inside. The rooms are located on the second and third floors and the parking is under the rooms, on the street level. The rooms were large, nicely furnished, and very clean. The location was perfect. The bus to downtown and Chinatown runs right down Pacific, and the bus to the wharf runs on Van Ness. Be sure to get a transfer and you're &quot;good to go&quot; for several hours. It was a quiet neighborhood. There was an expensive restaurant on the corner and a BMW repair shop across the street. The parking is included in the price of the room; parking spaces are a bit small, but okay. They have Coffee/juice/hot chocolate and sweet rolls or muffins for breakfast. There is also a fridge and microwave in the room. One thing I found odd was that the outlet in the bathroom was connected to the lightswitch, so a nitelight wouldn't work. Also the shower water temperature was &quot;set&quot; to warm and you couldn't adjust it. I would have preferred it a bit warmer, but it was okay. We would definately go there again if we were in the area.	
Aug 16 2006 	Pleasant place to stay and a good location	A good spot for our family of 4 including 2 teenagers. We had very a large room (large kitchen area with table, bedroom area with 2 queens and a sofa bed) at the back of the motel on the top floor - which unlike the previous reviewers room had a panoramic view over the city (not the courtyard) we could even see the top of the Golden Gate bridge though I believe we had the only room with this view. The decor was perhaps a little dated but all was clean. No problems with TV or phone and free wireless Internet was huge bonus for daughter who wanted to catch up with her friends back home. We found the location excellent for us, walking distance to most things and SF public transport is excellent. We avoided breakfast at the hotel completely and went to Polkers on Polk Street (as recommended by the staff) for superb breakfasts (pancakes, waffles etc etc etc you name it they do it), we also had an evening meal there which was also excellent and very good value.We found the staff at Nob Hill were very welcoming and friendly (despite having to wait up late for us due to a cancelled flight) They were extremely helpful giving us lots of local info, places to see (areas to avoid) etc.If I was to give a couple of tips for staying in San Francisco they would be avoid Fishermans wharf unless you like really touristy trash and if you want to make the trip to Alcatraz in the summer book it before you go - we hadn't done this and found all the trips were booked up for the whole week.	
Aug 13 2006 	The best hotel In San Francisco	This was a truly fantastic hotel. From the very beginning the front desk went out of their way to help us. Upon learning it was our first time to San Francisco, they got out a map and showed us the areas to stay away from and where the main tourist attractions were. They also recommended a few places in order for us to get dinner. Plus they provide a light breakfast in the morning free of charge, which is really handy. The location was fantastic; we were close to the cable car line and within walking distance to some delicious restaurants. After a month in the USA, this was my favourite hotel. It was clean, comfortable and the staff were friendly. This hotel is a great introduction to the magic of San Francisco, and things will keep getting better!	
Aug 12 2006	Standard motel in beautiful San Francisco	Our family of 4 stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn for 4 nights in July 2006. While this is indeed decent value for the money if you are on a tight budget, there is nothing else special about it. For the 1st time in years of relying on Tripadvisor users, we were a bit surprised with so much hype. Our room was large and particularly clean but there were: 1) no phone for the 4 days (the technician never came), 2) sliding closet doors that were already off the rails, 3) TV that did not work the 1st night (remote needed some programming?), 4) strobing light in the tired bathroom. Complimentary breakfast was minimalist and needed to be complemented with our own purchase of cereal, fruits and bread. You get it from a tiny office corner, where it gets replenished in small loads making us feel bad to take more, and bring it to your room. One morning, there was hardly anything left and it was not late. The managing couple are indeed welcoming, calm and patient but they looked tired and we did not see enthusiasm in dealing with customers. The rooms get partial day light, you get no view and no sense you are in S-F. The walls and floors seem thin so we could hear our neighbours and stomping from the people upstairs. Location is fine although not that central. We unfortunately can't say we would return. The city otherwise if fabulous. We recommend you should &quot;bike&quot; the Golden Gate bridge like we did (any novice can do it): we dealt with &quot;Blazing Saddles&quot; bike rental near Fisherman's wharf, took the trails to the bridge, crossed the bridge admiring the breathtaking views, ended up in upscale and charming Saussalito for lunch and shopping and came back by ferry through the bay (part of the package from the bike rental). Definitely one of the highlights of our 15 day trip through California!	
Aug 9 2006 	Very nice place	We spent three days in the Nob Hill in July . We had a 5-people suite, which is actually a huge bedroom plus an area with a sink, mini-fridge and microwave and also a table with two chairs .There was more than enough space for the five of us plus our five suitcases opened on the floor, although the table with two chairs made breakfasts a bit difficult .Breakfast must be picked at the hotel lobby and brought back to the bedrooms because the lobby is too small to eat in it . The choice is quite limited (they should add some milk for the kids) but the pastries which aren't packaged are obviously fresh from the shop and very good .The parking spaces were big enough for our minivan .The couple at front desk was very nice .Our suite was on the first floor . I had read a review which said that when staying on the 1st floor one hears every step from the 2nd floor and that is very true . That wasn't a problem for us because the people upstairs didn't go to bed too late or wake up too early, but you never know who will be staying above you, so my advice is to ask for a room on the 2nd floor . We did so when checking in but that was too late, so do it earlier by phone or email .As a conclusion we were very happy with the Nob Hill . It is nothing fancy but very clean, well located and at a very good price .	
Aug 7 2006 	loved it at the nob hill!!!!	Wow! what a great hotel! It was in a great area that felt 'safe' Only a 20 min walk to fishermans wharf (downhill) and a very regular bus service (no 19) up the hills for return to hotel.All the staff were super friendly and efficient.Rooms were large and very clean and unlike previous reviewers we thought furnishings looked fresh and clean and not at all dated.The fridge and a microwave were very useful and the free parking is a great bonus and we didnt find the spaces too small,but being brits we found spaces everywhere else quite big.Polk street was 30 seconds away and there are some great places to eat,our favourite was Little Thai.There is also a great deli on the corner of Polk andPacific.Our top 3 tips for your trip to san Francisco are :Stay at the Nob Hill.Pre-book your alcatraz trips,they were sold out for 5 days when we were there and we were very pleased that we booked online pre trip.the 3rd tip is take the time to drive to Twin Peaks,we did, as recommended by the very nice staff at Nob Hill and it was awesome,the whole of the city spread out before you,we took our pastries and coffee that were part of the continental breakfast with us.A .great peaceful start to the day	
Aug 5 2006 	Excellent accomodation and location	My wife and I stayed here in October 2005 and we chose the Nob Hill Motor Inn after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor.I have to say we were not disappointed. We stayed on the 'top' floor and our room was comfortable and clean. The free parking is an added bonus and we had no problems with the tight spaces even with our rented Jeep.There are a lot of bars and restaurants within walking distance of the motel. We ate at Tai Chi Restaurant on 2031 Polk Street which was fantastic value. Also check out Green Sports Bar on 2239 Polk Street, for a variety of beer and sports on the various TV's, even English Football, if you ask nicely!As with most of the reviews here, the Nob Hill Motor Inn comes highly recommended and we will definately be staying here on our next trip to San Francisco.	
Aug 3 2006	A Hidden Treasure in SF...	San Francisco is an amazing place to visit, but can be pricey, and bogged down by overpriced hotels. The Nob Hill Motor Inn is certainly an exception to this catch. With friendly service, clean rooms and central location to several of San Francisco's major attractions, it comes as no surprise that this hotel has received so many wonderful reviews. With Fisherman's Wharf only a twenty minute walk away and the Golden Gate bridge a four mile drive, which takes about twelve minutes (yes I timed it), this hotel makes touring San Francisco relatively easy. On a separate note, the friendly couple at the front desk, Frank and Judy, only contributed to the homely feel that exudes this Inn. Any questions I had, they answered. They helped me plan out my day and pinpointed all the necessary locations to take -- buses, cable cars, etc. I would strongly recommend staying at the Nob Hill Motor Inn!	
Aug 2 2006	"I left my heart at the Nob Hill Motor Inn"	Frank Sinatra wasn't kidding when he sang &quot;I left my heart in San Francisco.&quot; The city was beautiful and packed with countless places to visit, dine and shop -- it felt great to catch up on sleep after a busy day in the comforts of a well furnished and spacious room in a nice, central part of San Francisco. The Nob Hill Motor Inn was an excellent place to stay. The continental breakfast in the morning provided just enough to start the day off right. The FREE parking put my mind at ease when-- I kid you not-- I witnessed one meter maid hand out four tickets in the span of ten minutes. Parking is a hassle in San Francisco, even at hotels. Most places charge an arm and a leg for this seemingly simple amenity. It was nice knowing that I could spend the thirty to fifty dollars I saved on parking for dinner, souvenirs, etc. The free wireless internet was a wonderful little extra. As many before have said, the best part of this Inn is the superb service. As I parked my car and decided to tour San Francisco on foot and by way of public transport, Frank and Judy, the couple at the front desk, were more then helpful in helping me map out my day. In the end, I would definitely come here again and would advise other out-of-towners looking to truly enjoy all that San Francisco has to offer to do the same.	
Aug 1 2006 	A little Gem.	Stayed in the Nob Hill Motor Inn mid July for 3 nights. We loved this place. The owners are what make this place so special. When we checked in we were given a map of San Francisco and given advise on where the sights were, how to get about and where not to go (safety wise)! This was great for getting our bearings as we had never been to San Francisco before. Our room was most likely one of the smallest in the complex but was adequate for what we needed it for which was just to get our heads down at night cause there is so much to do in San Francisco. We had that room with the fridge and microwave in the bathroom but it didn't particulaly bother us. The room was a little dated but it was spotlessly clean and had all we needed in it with a comfy bed. I would definatly recommend staying in the Nob hill Motor Inn especially if you have a car with you (we didn't) as there are not many places in San Francisco that give you free parking so that in itself is a steel.Will def return to Sf and will def return to this hotel.	
Jul 31 2006	Nob Hill Motor Inn is the place to stay when in San Francisco	What a wonderful little treasure the Nob Hill Motor Inn turned out to be. I highly recommend staying here when visiting SF. Quitely tucked away on Pacific Ave we didn't hear any city noise, parking was free and we were a cable car ride away from Fisherman's Warf, Union Square &amp; Chinatown. The personnel in the office were very helpful with all our questions &amp; needs. A very clean place and affordable. Stay here when visiting SF, you won't be disapointed	
Jul 26 2006 	Perfect Location Great Staff Clean Rooms	This was our 2nd stay at the Nob Hill Motor Inn and we just LOVE staying here. There are several restaraunts, Pubs, and Coffee houses right around the corner. It is a 15-20 minute walk or $5 cab ride to the Wharf, Chinatown, and North beach. The staff is very friendly and helpful with maps and directions.. The free parking underneath makes this place an absolute steal. I must respond to the &quot;I must have stayed in a different motel&quot; review. The couple managing the place are two of the nicest peeple I've met in California. They have always been very friendly and helpful and were happy to take time to answer any questions that we may have had.... I would highly recommend the Nob Hill Motor Inn to everyone!	
Jul 21 2006 	I must have been in a different motel.	I cannot believe some of the reviews I just read. I will agree that the Nob Hill Motor Inn had very clean rooms and was located in a safe neighborhood, but I found the owner to be the most unfriendly person in the entire world. When my husband asked him for directions, he replied, &quot;Didn't I give you a map of the city?&quot; When we checked out, there was no &quot;thank you&quot;, &quot;did you enjoy your stay&quot;, or &quot;come back again&quot;. Nothing!! The parking spaces are EXTREMELY tiny, and we had a problem pulling in and out everyday. The cars are parked so close together that we had trouble just getting out of the car after parking it. What a hassle. The room was very dark, plus our microwave &amp; refrigerator were located in the bathroom. Very strange. The complimentary &quot;continental breakfast&quot; is the absolutely the worst I have ever seen. Everyday there were the same donuts, muffins, and packaged danish pastries. Instant coffee, oj, and hot water for tea/hot chocolate were our beverage choices. Nothing else. Plus, they advertise that they are in walking distance to SF attractions. Well, that is completely untrue. They are in walking distance to bus stops and one cable car stop that takes you to the attractions. There are no attractions anywhere near the Nob Hill Motor Inn. I guess you get what you pay for. I was &quot;penny wise and dollar foolish&quot;.	
Jul 19 2006	great place to stay	My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights 7th to 9th July. The hotel is easy to find, great location, super rooms, great free continental breakfast, and Frank &amp; Judy (the owners) &amp; the new girl(can't remember her name..sorry) were tremendously helpful. They put us right for public transport (buy a 3 day pass) restaurants, tours, areas best avoided at night etc.They could not have been more helpful! We chose this hotel by using trip advisor and it was worth the research. I would recomend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 9 2006	Great Location!	My husband &amp; I visited San Francisco for the first time June 24-28th. I picked Nob Hill Motor Inn due to the great reviews from this site. I also like the idea of free parking. We had no problems checking in with Frank. He gave us a map of San Francisco &amp; marked off the areas to stay away from. We would visit him daily for directions outside the city or to grab the appropriate bus line.The hotel isn't fancy by any means. But...the rooms are large &amp; very clean. The mini fridge is a plus too! The only fuss we had about the hotel was the showers. It would either freeze us out or the water would be way too hot. Everything else about this hotel was wonderful! It is in a great location. There are several places to eat along Polk street, which is a block away. It's about a 20 minute walk to Chinatown. A couple of tips...Bring comfortable shoes and buy a Muni pass to take public transportation. We rented a car for our trips outside San Francisco, like Muir Woods (highly recommend this!) and Sonoma. The car stayed parked the rest of the time while we took the Muni. Don't let your trip go by without visiting Alcatraz. We used the Blue &amp; Gold Fleet tours, which let us on the island. Some of the other tours just boat around the island. Go to a Giant's game! The ballpark is beautiful. We loved this city! There is so much to do &amp; see. Have a wonderful trip!	
Jul 6 2006	Great Location 	My huband,our daughters &amp; I recently stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn for 3 nights recently. We were completely happy with our stay. We reserved a Junior Suite &amp; the room was large &amp; comfortable. Two Queens &amp; a Sofa Bed, it also provided a fridge, microwave &amp; coffee maker. They also offer free WiFi which was always working properly. We never had any trouble connecting. Included in the price is a continental breakfast, just pre-packaged pastries &amp; juice, coffee &amp; hot cocoa. Free Parking is another plus. We had a car that lived in the garage for most of our stay. We mainly used public transport which was only about 2 blocks to the cable cars and less than a block to the bus stop.Excellent value for the money!	
Jun 30 2006	Great Location	We recently visited San Francisco and picked the Nob Hill Motor Inn after reading reviews in Trip Advisor. This was a perfect location for someone visiting the city for the first time. The room was very clean and large and was located in safe neighborhood. The staff was friendly and very helpful with information and suggestions. They had maps of the city and marked areas to avoid to keep you safe. The prices where cheap compared to other places in the city. This is not a 5 star location, but my suit cases are not picky after all we only used the room to sleep in and bath. The location made it easy to get to all of the other sites that tourist want to see. The free parking was a added plus. Hint you really do not need a car in this city, there is no easy parking to find and it's so much easier to use the great public buses or cable cars to get around. Buy your Muni Passes to save money. Nob Hill motor Inn is great choice.	
Jun 28 2006	Fantastic	My daughter and I visited San Francisco for her 18th Birthday/high school graduation. We were very pleased when we checked in with managers Judy &amp; Frank. They truly make you feel special and a part of their family. We had lots of fun talking with them and they gave us excellent directions, good places to eat and where NOT to go. We felt very comfortable and safe at this hotel. They give you a map and tell you everything you need to know. I also loved the idea of parking without having to pay an exuberant fee...what a plus!!! I think one and all would feel comfortable staying at this hotel. Transportation is no further than 3 blocks away for the Cable Cars!!!	
Jun 25 2006	Hidden Gem!!!!	Our two-night stay in San Francisco could not have been better. The Nob Hill Motor Inn is not a big chain hotel like the Hilton or Hyatt, but rather a quiet little inn with a family-run atmosphere. Our room was clean, up-to-date. Staff was unendingly helpful in assisting us with our itinerary in seeing the city. And don't overlook the free parking-- other hotels charge $40-50/day-- this was a bargain!!!! If you don't mind walking a short distance to catching public transport or just walking period, this is a great place to stay. Highly recommend!!!!	
Jun 23 2006	Value for money	We arrived at the Nob Hill Motor Inn after a ten and a half hour flight, a one hour wait at immigration and a one hour wait to collect our car - we were pretty darned tired!! Upon arrival (and it was really easy to find), the managers of the place were very friendly and efficient. They provided us with a map of San Francisco and blocked off the &quot;no go&quot; areas so we wouldn't stumble into trouble. Our room was fairly large but very dark and a little dated. The rooms have a &quot;kitchen area&quot; with a microwave, basin and refrigerator which was great.The Nob Hill Motor Inn is located on Pacific and Polk which is a really cool area. There are plenty of bars and restaurants within a 2 minute walk (I highly recommend the Little Thai Restaurant on Broadway and Polk). It was a 15 minute walk to Fishermans Wharf and a 20 minute walk to Union Square.	
Jun 19 2006	Great Base for tourists	Nob Hill Motor Inn was a great place to base ourselves in San Francisco. It is close to the cablecars (sometimes hard to get on because they are full).,and the staff were full of information and directions. They even helped us to get us to a doctor when our daughter fell ill. This area was a very safe area and few homeless were seen. We even went to the cinema around the corner in our 4 days visiting. There were a few restaurants around that were very good and a handy convenience store on the corner. No washing facilities was a drawback when traveling with kids. The rooms were large for the 4 of us. Even room to sit at a table and chair and also a sofa to sit on instead of the bed. We liked this motel and thought the price was great for San Fran and parking was free. Would recommend this hotel for families.	
May 31 2006	Excellent - Wonderful Customer Service	We have used TripAdvisor in the past to find the real &quot;dirt&quot; on hotels and restaurants and the site has never let us down. In terms of the Nob Hill Motor Inn, the rave reviews did not do the property justice! My fiancee and I were extremely pleased with the customer service at Nob Hill Motor Inn. Judy and Frank are such wonderful Property Managers - it seemed like they genuinely cared about our trip and were interested in helping us plan our sightseeing days. Our room was large and very well maintained - It looked like the furniture and carpeting were only 1 or 2 years new. Judy helped us to book a tour of Alcatraz - We took the Cable Car which was only 2 blocks away down to Fisherman's Wharf and up to Union Square. Our favorite memory of the trip was watching the Giants play at AT&amp;T Park - many of the seats have views of the water (but bring a jacket because it can be a bit chilly). All in all, San Francisco is a wonderful city and we plan on returning frequently - we will definitely will stay at Nob Hill Motor Inn again when we come back.	
May 30 2006	Would Recommend this hotel	A very nice, no frills hotel. Good location - close to some restaurants and the bus line. A big bonus was the self -parking under the hotel. The staff was very nice and helpful! Would stay here again.	
May 30 2006	Reviews are pretty accurate	Am writing this in the room as we pack up after 5 night stay. Great location on Russian Hill. The staff very friendly. Light daily continental breakfast (muffins &amp; sweet rolls), tea, but no fresh coffee. We stayed in the 2 bedroom &quot;family&quot; suite, which was very large by SF standards. Had a king bed in the main room, with a separate bedroom which had 2 full size beds. The bedroom was not cramped with the two beds. Beds comfortable, quiet, and sheets soft. Large pillows. TV's one 25&quot; in each room. Microwave, fridge and wet bar area with that gross hotel packed coffee in it. Overall, was very pleased with the choice. 3 little aggravations. 1. Hard parking, but free (a luxury in SF) 2. We were on 1st floor and could hear feet pressure walking above us at all hours of the night. No talking, but walking. 3. The cleaning staff really cleans the rooms, but loves the bleach and the rooms had to be aired out when we came in after a day's sightseeing. (but I have a sensitive nose). We had one window, with a view of the side of the office building next door. But we were not in the room that much anyway.Rec. a visit to the Muir woods while in SF. , really recommend a little known trail in the Golden Gate Recreation area on the way from Sausilito, to the Muir Woods. It is known as the Tennessee Valley Trail. It is about a 1.5 mi walk each way on a fairly flat trail to a lovely secluded beach. There are no tourist there, just a few locals. We had total private use of the beach for about an hour. Deer, birds, etc. It was great.All in all the hotel bill was under 1K. for 5 nights, was very satisfied. Thanks reviewers!	
May 30 2006	The pros and cons	I was initnally disappointed probably because I had just checked out of nicer hotel in Carmel that morning. I also wasn't so sure of the neighborhood, until I got to know the city, then it seemed not so bad. We got a lower level room at the end near the street, the room had only a small window which made it dark, most have large windows. It did have A/C. The office was very small and dated, but very clean. The parking was very cramped, but clean, covered and free ( most hotels charge $35 yo $65 ).They served coffee, cocoa and donuts every morning at the office. The husband/wife managers were friendly, helpful and likeable. We could hear the people in the room above stomp when the came in and got ready to leave in the mornings. We occasionally heard traffic pass. The room had the feel of an older Best Western road side motel, with shower only and dated decor. More important to me was the cleansiness of the room. It was spotless and odor free. The wireless internet was free and worked great with my laptop. There were no drifters in the area like I saw in the snazzy warf and union square areas. There are older shops and cafes in walking distance, If you need your clothing laundered or dry cleaned, I recommend Cameo Cleaners at Washington and Polk a couple of blocks away, Note there is a Starbucks, Walgreens and Guitar Center in walking distance. Trolley and bus passes for sale at the Holiday Inn on California street a few blocks down from this motel. The trolly cars bring you to Union Square, Warf/Pier attractions, China Town and all in between. It was a bargin, I really spent little time there and I could park free plus it has an elevator. I would consider staying there again but would request an upper room with large window.	
May 29 2006	San Francisco rocks	Loved San Francisco. Stayed from 23 to 26 May 2006 and chose Nob Hill Motor Inn on advice from Trip Advisor reviews. The location is SUPERB. Easy access to buses, cables cars and Polk Street restaurants. Swensens Ice Cream on Hyde Street is an absolute MUST. Biked across the bridge and down to Sausalito. It was very windy and we needed to walk the bikes at times but it was by no means a tough ride. Sausalito is a beautiful little village, a must see. The Nob Hill Motor Inn itself is nothing out of the ordinary, in fact it is very ordinary. It is an old style motel and the rooms are a good size. They are a little outdated but very clean and very comfortable beds which to me is more important than a fashionable look. One tip, ask for a room on the second level as we felt we had a herd of elephants running around in the room above us. Breakfast consists of fruit, muffins and pre-packed danishs with juice and coffee. It is over by 9am so if you want a sleep in forget it. But it is free so make the most of it. Staff were friendly and helpful but no more so than anywhere else we stayed in the US. Overall I would recommend the Nob Hill Motor Inn but be prepared for what to expect.	
May 29 2006	Great Price and Location	My wife and I had been on a Mexican Cruise and wanted to stay a few days in San Francisco. I found the Nob Hill Motor Inn on tripadvisor and everything I read about the Inn was accurate.The location was just great to the transist system as well as eating places. Frank and Judy were very helpful to us.We would recommend the Inn to all our Friends, and we would certainly stay there again.Ontario, Canada	
May 23 2006	Loved the Nob Hill Motor Inn	I recently stayed at this hotel with my husband, and in-laws, and we would absolutely stay there again on our next visit. The proprietors were very helpful and friendly, the location was perfect - within walking distance of just about everything, and the rooms were large, clean and comfortable. Plus, because of the way the property is laid out, the rooms face towards the inside, so it was very quiet - never knew you were even close to a main drag. The free parking and free continental breakfast helped keep our costs down for the week as well. Good restaurants and coffee shops (Petes) are just around the corner, and a great little local grocery store on the corner has wonderful meats, cheeses, and wines. Overall, I give it a big thumbs up!	
May 14 2006	Fine but you can do better	I just returned from a fabulous week in San Francisco and the surrounding area. My only regret was staying at this hotel for one evening. I would agree with other reviewers that the management is helpful (as should be expected from any hotel) and the room was clean (but extremely outdated), but you can do much better. For a couple of dollars more (we stayed earlier in the week for $10 more) stay at the Best Western Tuscan Inn (Fisherman's Warf) - the rooms are gorgeous, the front desk is top notch, and they offer extras that made my vacation extra special. Fine for business or a place to keep your things, but would not stay here again on vacation.	
May 8 2006	perfect spot	Just came back from a week long trip to California, spent the first three nights at the Nob Hill. If there's any better value in the city someone needs to let the world know. We checked in very late (early morning) no problem there was someone waiting for us. The rooms are clean, large albeit the walls are a bit thin but who cares we were so tired from walking and riding the cable cars. The owners took the time to point out the places to go and more importantly the places and times where not to go. The hotel is close to restaurants, Pete's for breakfast every morning, the cable cars are a short walk away or you could take a leisurely stroll downhill to the waterfront like we did the first day. Take the boat ride out under the Golden Gate and around Alcatraz best $10 we spent. We had a great time, loved the city and can't wait to go back and I know where we'll be staying.	
May 5 2006	Friendly hotel in a friendly neighbourhood	The owners are wonderfully helpful - giving us a cheery check-in along with very helpful hints of where to go/what to do in San Fran.Our room was large, well equipped and very, very clean. We had a room at the front and as a result there was a little noise from the street (a minor complaint that in no way detracted from the stay). easily remedied as next time I will ask for a room away from the front.I've stayed in SF a few times before and always booked hotels downtown (around Union Sq.). Never again - this location has it all - except the menacing feel at night. The neighbourhood is great - vibrant local community with good choice of shops, bars and restaurants. Well served by bus routes and close to trams - which really opens up the whole city. Overall a well run, wonderfully manitained hotel in a superb location.	
Apr 29 2006	Friendly helpful management	Spent 2 nights in San Francisco in April and checked out accommodation on trip advisor - am so glad we did as we found this clean, comfortable and friendly motel - excellent price especially considering the free parking (also breakfast included but don't get too excited about this if you like a hearty breakfast!). The helpful owners gave us advice on where to go (and where not to!) and it was situated within walking distance of everything we wanted to see. Would recommend this to anyone wanting well-priced, comfortable rooms in San Francisco.	
Apr 26 2006	The Only Place to Stay in San Francisco	I fly in to San Francisco every two weeks for work and swear by the Nob Hill Motor Inn. I originally found the Nob Hill via the AAA office in Denver - apparently, other AAA members had stayed at this property and raved about the location and service. The price point was actually lower than what I was expecting to pay in San Francisco and parking was free so I was willing to gamble and try a non brand property. The moment I stepped into the office, I felt confident I had made the right decision. Frank (the manager on-site) greeted me with a large smile and asked me how my journey to SF was - we chatted for 20 minutes before I even began the process of checking in. In my book, that type of service is priceless. Both he and his wife, Judy run this Inn and they were extremely knowledgeable about local restaurants, bus maps, taxi services, etc. For guys who travel as much as I do, the perks at Nob Hill Motor Inn are superb - wireless access throughout the hotel at no cost // microwave and fridge in all rooms // oversized, spacious rooms. The hotel runs full throughout the year so I'm careful to book in advance but even with that demand, there has never been price-gouging- just a good price for a great place to stay. I'm very very happy with this hotel and the service I've received and have/will recommend it to anyone I know traveling to San Francisco..	
Apr 22 2006	Loved the Nob Hill	We had the large family suite for a great price. The room was huge, very clean andhad 2 separate bedrooms. It was in a great area, we felt very safe walking around. There were many restaurants close by. Got recommendations from the couple at the front desk for dinner, everything worked out great. It was a great value especially with the free parking. I got a better rate by reserving on-line at their website (--) than I could by calling directly. We would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 18 2006	ABSOLUTELY THE BEST!	If you're looking for something fancy schmancy with a swimming pool and fitness center, forget the Nob Hill Motel on Pacific Ave. But, if you're looking for sparkling rooms in a great neighborhood, AAA approved, reasonable, quiet, safe, free parking, continental breakfast, fantastic owners that were extremely helpful, free pick up for tours, three blocks from cable cars, one block from buses, great restaurants in three block area, Shanghai Kelly's bar, etc., then this is for you!! We stayed there 7 nights and would stay there again, without a doubt. By the way, while visiting SF, MAKE SURE you see Beach Blanket Babylon (see their website) and get tix in advance. Also bike the Golden Gate Bridge into Sausalito, take the early &quot;EVENING&quot; tour of Alcatraz and purchase a MUNI pass (good on cable cars, buses, trolleys); don't miss visiting Fortune Cookie Factory in Chinatown, DeYoung Museum in GG Park, Muir Woods/Wine Country tour, and spend hours enjoying the sea lions at Fisherman's Wharf. What a great city --wear comfortable shoes!!!	
Apr 15 2006	Great place to stay!	What started out as a huge disaster from another hotel turned out for the better for us since we were able to stay at Nob Hill! The front desk was wonderful and very helpful. The room we stayed in was recently refurbished, large and very clean. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. Public transportation was very easy to access and close to the motel. We enjoyed our stay in SF and will definately be back to Nob Hill.	
Apr 7 2006	Wonderfulplace to stay	I picked the Nob Hill Motor Inn from reading other peoples reviews of the place and the place was even better than expected. The rooms were wonderful, the bed was comfortable, nice pressure in the shower, and the wonderful couple in the office couldn't of been more helpful with directions and places to go and places to eat. We definitely plan on staying here every time we come to San Francisco.	
Apr 5 2006	Good value at the Nob Hill	This was the first stop on our journey from SF down Highway 1 to Santa Barbara. All the hotels we booked were on the basis of reviews on this web site - see subsequent reviews from me.Stayed 4 nights. Room was fine. Breafast in lobby OK with a few pastries, fruit plus juice tea and coffee.It was handy to be able to park the car as we used it to visit Golden Gate Bridge, GG state Park and Seal Rocks.Some noise from other rooms early some mornings but perhaps we were sensitive to it as we were not sleeping that well due to jet lag.Good location with a tram stop a short walk away.The Managers were very helpful with directions and suggestions for eating. We had a meal at &quot;The House of Prime Rib&quot; about 5 mins walk away. if you like Beef go here! Certainly an experience. Make sure you book. It was packed on a Wed night.Overall very good value hotel for exploring SF.	
Mar 30 2006	Thanks again Tripadvisor!!	Once again we checked out Tripadvisor before embarking on our trip to 'Frisco and were not disappointed with the recommendations - the Nob Hill Inn is great value in an expensive city. The rooms are spacious and clean and it's in a safe neighbourhood convenient to all the sights. Our 3 night stay was very comfortable and I can't say better than I'd stay here again in a heartbeat. Free parking is a big plus.	
Mar 25 2006	Glad I stayed at nob hill	Spent three nights at the Nob Hill Motor Inn and was very pleased. The price and free parking cant be beat. The hotel was very clean, quiet, comfortable and located in a safe neighborhood. Had no problem getting around. Bought a three-day Muni pass and was able to travel as much as we wanted. The hotel is close to a cable car stop and several bus-stops. The inn-keepers are friendly and helpful. They provide guests with a map of places to go and not to go. Our one complaint was a dinner recommendation. After requesting an idea for dinner at the Wharf, we were told to try a restaurant called 9 Fisherman's Grotto. We're sorry we took the advice. It was absolutely horrendous... possibly the worst meal we've ever had. Other than that, a very pleasant stay. It's not five-star... but it's clean, safe and affordable. Would stay there again.	
Mar 25 2006	Listen to Trip Advisor!!!!	We did a lot of research before going and wanted someplace that was in a good central location, and was not too expensive. Following the good reviews on TA, we made reservations at the Nob Hill Motor Inn. Everything said about this place is true. But the one thing that is not mentioned enough is the owners Frank and Judy. They not only run a great hotel, but they will help however they can to make your vacation great.	
Mar 18 2006	Best Deal	For the price this is about the best place to stay. We were able to check in before check-in time. As we walked into the room you could smell clean. Everyhthing felt clean. The sheets were soft. We had a microwave and sm refrig. Parking is on the main level then there are two levels above for the rooms. The girl at the counter was nice and helpful. We left our car parked the whole time. We walked 5 blocks to the cable car at the top of the line for the California Street one. You take it down all the way to the financial district and you can pick up the F line to go to Fishermans Wharf area. Don't forget to buy your 1, 3 or 7 day passport that gives you unlimited rides on public transportation. A three day is only $18. We rode all over.	
Mar 17 2006	Gets Top Marks from us	My wife and I just spent four nights of bliss at Nob Hill Motor Inn (3/11 - 3/14/06). It is actually located in the Pacific Heights/Russian Hill area, not Nob Hill. The location was very quiet and we felt perfectly safe walking the neighborhood at all times. The location is convenient; several great restaurants are 1-3 blocks, bus is 1 block, and cable car is 3 blocks. We parked the car (free and off-street) and used our three day Muni Passes to the max. The room had only a view of the motel courtyard, but we didn't spend much time there anyway. The room was large and well furnished. There was a small reefer, microwave, and a separate sink with counter space. The bathroom was large with plenty of room for the two of us to share. Our hosts were very knowledgeable and helpful, almost like being at a bed and breakfast. The continental breakfast was rolls,juice, and good coffee. Since S.F. is generally an expensive place to visit, we felt like we really hit a homerun with the Nob Hill Motor Inn.	
Mar 10 2006	awesome find.....thanks tripadvisor	We stayed here Feb 24 - 27. We chose this property because of the reviews on trip advisor, we were not disappointed at all. The place was excellant. (remember this is not a five star property with all the bells and whistles, but it is cleaner than many of them that I have been in) Frank and Judy were great, very friendly, lots of information. The first thing they do when you arrive is get a map out and mark all the spots to go to, they also mark the places in San Francisco not to go to. That map was our bible for the weekend! Thanks Frank!, it really helped make our trip. Upon driving up to the place we were impressed, I have never seen a cleaner parking area in my life! The rest of the place was the same. Our room was spotless. To be honest I think we were in one of the smaller rooms(it was actually very roomy not small at all,really), we faced the front street, (our window faced a balcony not the street though). We had no noise problems whatsoever! I repeat no noise whatsoever! This motel is in a quiet and safe area. No homeless people in the area either. Great location as well. 15 to 20 minute walk to the wharf, which was great, 2 1/2 blocks to the cable car. It is located in between Van Ness and Polk streets, we loved Polk street, great restaurants and wine bars. We would definatley stay here again. When we were touring around you see lots of other motels, but talk to the people staying at them (we did on a bus tour), most were very very noisy and located in high traffic areas or the staff were not very friendly and did not offer any information. We loved our location, to close to the wharf and you don't get to experience those wonderful hills, and the noise level picks up. You do not need to rent a car at all, (I think you need a special license or crazy skills to drive there though, just joking). Buy a Muni pass, we paid $18 for a three day pass, we could ride the cable cars, street cars and bus as much as we wanted. It was great. Alcatraz is a must. We had a great time in San Francisco, with thanks to our motel choice, it helped make our trip great! No problems whatsoever. I've seen where people were complaining about the breakfast, we thought it was okay for a continental breakfast, muffins, dainishes, donuts, fruit, orange juice. Pastries and fruit were fresh. We would grab a juice and a pastry to tie us over until we got to the wharf, then we would get into the seafood, I didn't go to San Francisco to eat breakfast. We ate as much seafood as we possibly could. Pacific Catch was a great find for a restaurant, about $7 in a cab, again lots of great wine bars in that area as well. Very safe to walk aroung at night too. Thanks Frank and Judy we plan to stay here again. Hope to see you sooner rather than later. This property is awesome because of you.	
Feb 24 2006	Wonderful friendly visit	My husband and I, along with our three children (ages 10,7,3) recently stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn on Pacific Avenue. As previous reviews described, the owners were wonderfully friendly and helpful. They even loaned us a stroller after we forgot ours at home. Our room was very spacious and clean. There was little to no traffic noise, although there was noise from other rooms (TV's, etc.) But nothing to complain about. We would highly recommend this establishment in San Francisco and would stay there again on future trips.	
Feb 11 2006	Go Ahead book it!!	This is a quaint, and very clean property--A great bargain that you should not pass up!!The rates were excellent for any location, especially for San Francisco. The rooms are also a nice size. There are many places to eat nearby, and a scenic walk to Fishersman's Wharf.The management is very welcoming upon check-in. They will provide you with a detailed map of all the major places to visit, AND places you should avoid!! Very helpful...The FREE parking was a major plus for us when deciding to stay at the Nob Hill. It can be a little tricky fitting into the narrow spaces, but it sure did save us a lot of money in parking fees.Go ahead and book it!!	
Jan 18 2006	Excellent Location good prices	I stayed here for a couple of nights before meeting up with some friends at the airport for a skiing holiday in Nevada. I found it via the internet, booking was easy and the prices good. Parking for the big Dodge 4x4 I'd hired was a little tight but not too tricky even for a Brit used to tiny right hand drive cars :) The room was spacious and clean, the desk staff very friendly and helpful with locations/directions/suggestions etc. I liked the fact that Polk St is next door with varied shopping and eating. I like to walk in SF so left the car where it was for two days and set out from the hotel on foot each time. If you're looking for basic accomodation with parking in a good location you could do a lot worse! (I certainly have before!).	
Jan 16 2006	I adore the Nob Hill!	My family has been staying here for decades. We discovered the Nob Hill in the late eighties and I wouldn't consider staying anywhere else. I lived in the Bay Area for years and visit frequently. The Nob Hill remains an excellent value for the money. The free parking, clean rooms and fridge and microwaves make this a fabulous, comfortable home away from home. Excellent cable TV for those afternoon rest periods and late night jet lag moments.The location is one of the best in the city, close to public transport and in a great, safe neighborhood. Walk to movies, restaurants, shops and Kinkos to check your e-mail. Starbucks is one block away.You could pay twice as much and not have nearly as nice an experience.	
Jan 6 2006	Would return here without hesitation	We are a family of five who stayed here, using two rooms next to each other. It was a very positive experience for all. Clean, comfortable beds, quiet, safe, a real value for this city. Near trolley lines, restaurants, and close to lots of popular activities of the city. Possibly the best part, though, was the helpful counsel of the jewel of a couple that run the inn at the front desk. Simple foods at breakfast, so plan to eat heavy elsewhere.	
Jan 3 2006 	Enjoyed our stay.	Excellent place to stay... No frills, clean, and free parking under your room in courtyard. Close to everything.A classic, clean 1960's style motor lodge, in a beautiful city.	
Dec 26 2005	Comfy Clean Motel	The three-story Nob Hill Motel is perfect if you drive into San Francisco and want a nice motor court style place. Perfect home base for all sight seeing in the City.Things We Liked:* Must take breakfast donuts, fruit and muffins back to your room to enjoy* Great value including free sheltered street level parking (a $30+ value in SF)* Always found a parking space every time we drove in* Room was Very Large with fridge, microwave and plenty of furniture and a closet* 25&quot; Cable TV with basic plus HBO* Elevator made it easy to get to the 3rd floor* Friendly staff* Clear phone calls and emails from staff* Half block from Van Ness and the MUNI bus and 2 blocks from the Hyde St. Cable Car line* Almost no traffic soundsThings Needing Improvement:* Shower ran very hot then cold then hot again with any warning every shower* Inside of elevator door was sticky from use* Manager kept the keys to a guest's tall van which he parked behind my car blocking me in and moved it upon request* Parking spaces were Very Narrow with support poles to run into and a low overhead making it very hard to get in and out of without someone standing outside and guiding the driver. Solo parking is not advised.	
Dec 22 2005	Very satisfied with the facilities	We stayed at the motor inn in early December 2005, on recommendation of others. It more than met our expectations. We were not expecting a Hyatt or Hilton, but we had a clean, comfortable room in a convenient location with free parking and more than the basic amenities. The staff were very helpful with information about nearby eating, shopping, and tourist attractions. For the price, we were very satisfied with the facilities and would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Dec 20 2005	Great Motor Inn	This is a very nice place for the cost. It is very clean and the staff is very friendly. It doesn't have alot of frills, but it is a good place to stay if you want a small motel atmosphere. I read the trip advisor reviews before I book my reservations and they were all positive and they were right.I would defintely stay there again.	
Dec 17 2005	Exceeded my expectations....	Stayed here on 12/4/05 based on recs from Tripadvisor and some local recs and I'm very glad we did. I needed to find a reasonably priced, clean place with free/low cost parking near most of the city's attractions and Nob Hill Motor Inn more than fit the bill. The motel is located right off Van Ness within easy walking distance of many restaurants and other businesses in the Nob Hill/Russian Hill neighborhoods. Management was very nice and through. The rooms weren't fancy but they were clean and had basic amenities which is all we needed. The only con was slightly thin walls. If you are a light sleeper, I would bring ear plugs but otherwise it is a nice place. I would definitely recommend this place to others.	
Dec 16 2005	Basic and disappointing	Basic and disappointing. The photo is misleading, we thought. The layout is unattractive, as the car-park is the whole ground-floor and also serves as the entrance! The reception is a tiny office and the rooms are on narrow internal balconies overlooking the centre of the carpark. We could not understand glowing reviews by earlier visitors. Staff at the front-desk were quite friendly but when the toilet became blocked the room staff did not hurry to help. Breakfast was awful. At least it was quite clean, and it does seem hard to get a moderately priced place in SanFrancisco in Summer. It is near to the overrated cablecars, and we enjoyed a boat trip in the harbour (but watch out for sunburn even in the mist). We would try somewhere else if there is a next time in San Francisco.	
Dec 15 2005	Ideal location great price!	I had read reviews on TripAdvisor before my holiday and we managed to find our way there ok. The location was ideal, 2 blocks from Cable Cars, five minutes by bus to Fishermans Wharf. The owners we really helpful when we arrived giving us a great map with lots of do's and don't bothers. Our room was big, clean and quiet, we could even see the top of the Golden Gate from our room. Perfect for the price!	
Dec 14 2005	Great place to stay	We have now stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn three times and have been there several nights each time we were in San Franscisco. We have never been disappointed. The people who run this inn are very helpful, friendly, and resourceful. Our room has always been very clean, quiet, and comfortable. It is located conveniently close to public transportation and we have always been given good directions at the front desk. We definitely will go back the next time we visit the area.	
Nov 26 2005	Great Price for a Big City	We picked this establishment because of the reviews on tripadvisor and were not dissapointed.It is not a huge hotel like Marriot or the Hilton. So if you are expecting extravagant accomodation, this will not be your style.If you are looking for cheap, clean, centrally located comfortable accomodation, then this is your place.Stayed here for 3 days. The accomodation includes a continental breakfast, which is the average muffins, hot chocolate, coffee deal. The proprietors were friendly and very very helpful. When we checked in they got a map out and pointed out all attractions and also areas to be wary of.The motel is cosy with only two levels of rooms. So it's very homely. It is ideally situated and within walking distance to great places to eat and shop.Major attractions are also within good walking distance. If walking is not your style there are buses and trams very close by, to get you to all of the attractions of San Francisco City.The rooms were very clean and fresh as it is a non-smoking establishment.	
Nov 14 2005	Great value and location	Me and a friend stayed here for the Rolling Stones concert. This is a great location - easy bus ride to SBC Park or to the Wharf. Very clean room and comfy bed. Quiet. Loved the restaurants and shops on Polk Street around the corner. Good place to stay.	
Nov 2 2005	Just Perfect!!	We chose the Nob Hill Motor Inn, based solely on the reviews on Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed. We booked at the start of the year and requested a quiet room away from traffic noise and that was exactly what we got. Once we were in our room we never heard a thing which is just how our family prefers it. The room and bathroom was clean and spacious and we found the beds very comfy. We liked the layout of the property and felt extremely safe and secure there. Anyone coming off the street has to walk right by the office to get to any of the rooms.We loved the location, it was convenient to everything we wanted to see. The cable car stopped close by, and the bus was just around the corner on Van Ness, but we walked pretty much everywhere. On our last day we even walked to the Golden Gate bridge from the Motor Inn. That was quite a hike, but it was no bother at all to walk to Fishermans Wharf and although we enjoyed the wharf area, we were very happy to be staying in a quieter location away from all the hustle and bustle.The breakfast was a small selection of sweet pastries and fruit, with juice and coffee. While we wouldn't want to eat that sort of food every day, it was fine for us for the 5 mornings we were there. Our days were busy so it suited us not to have to go out for breakfast. Judy and Frank, in the office were a lovely couple, very helpful with advice and so hospitable we almost felt like family by the time we left!The free parking is a real bonus too, although we returned our rental at the start of our stay, and never once felt we needed it while we were there. San Francisco is a very easy city to get around without a car.Judy also recommended a wonderful Chinese restaurant just around the corner, can't remember name of the street, but she will tell you.	
Nov 2 2005	Great value	Stayed here with my children and grandchildren. Parking was great. Rooms were very clean and very well lit. Office staff friendly and helpful. Breakfast was just ok. A real value for the price.	
Oct 29 2005	Great find in an expensive area	This was as good as the other reviewers claim, the staff were very friendly and provide extremely helpful information the type you could only get from locals who live in the area. The roms were a good size, clean and well maintained. When comparing the cost of staying at a hotel in the area this is a real diamond at the price. Make sure you have breakfast at Polkers on Polk St. Be early or you may have to wait out the front to be called when a table is free.	
Oct 28 2005	Expected it to be great - And it was	Saw this hotel had good reviews on tripadvisor, and it lived up to what was written. Stayed 3 nights, easy to get to by car and the free parking was good.Great location, in walking distance to all the main sights (Providing you don't mind steep hills!)Friendly helpful staff. Clean rooms.Reasonibly priced as well. Would recommend to anyone going to San Francisco, who does not want to spend a fortune and stay in a safe convienent, and friendly location.	
Oct 23 2005	Its was as good as reviews said	I picked this hotel from the good reviews and it lived up to my expectations. Stayed 3 nights, having come in from the airport. Easy to get to by car &amp; easy to drive out of the city as near to Van Ness, which was also usefull if you used the city buses as they stop right near the hotel. Rooms were good &amp; we found the parking OK even with an SUV, which we left at the hotel for our stay. Very helpfull staff and they gave good details of how to get passes etc for the transport which was an easy walk away. Also it was usefull that they told you of where not to go in SF, if like us you are not experts in the area. There are several places to eat in easy walking distance. As long as you do not want a big swanky hotel, with a pool or in the middle of one of the famous areas of town and you want good value &amp; parking then this could be the place for you. I would certainly stay there again, especially if the way it is run remains the same.	
Oct 23 2005	Enjoyable Stay	Stayed for 5 nights in September and chose this motel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor. Very pleased we chose this motel as the room was very clean and spacious and well equipped - there can be occasional noise from other residents but I didn't find this a problem. Frank &amp; Judy who run the motel are also very friendly and helpful. The attractions of Fishermans Wharf are about a 15-20 minute walk and there is a variety of bars and restaurants along Polk. There's a laid back feel about the area &amp; I much prefered this location to the hustle of Union Square or busier parts of the city. Would definately stay here again and overall found it good value for money.	
Oct 22 2005	Good location Free Parking	We stayed here twice on our trip, the first room was huge but smelled very musty, the second room was smaller but quieter and fresh.As you'd guess from a motor inn you get free parking, this is a real bonus in San Francisco, also an easy drive from the airport.The location is pretty central, with a good facilities within walking distance, the rest can be done by tram, bus and cable car.The continental breakfast was far from extensive but served it's purpose, this place is not luxury but priced well for SF. Recommended as a clean, safe, convenient budget stay.	
Oct 19 2005	Great Room Value	This Motor Lodge was very nice.The room looked newly renovated.The price was a great value for SF.It was close to almost everything.The hosts were extremely helpful in helping you to get to the places to see.The only downside is the continental breakfast is really not worth it but I went to Walgreens and got cereal, milk &amp; Juice. There was a fridge in the room to keep milk&amp;juice.Also a microwave.The parking was free, a big plus but if you have a large SUV it could present a problem. The spaces are small &amp; the area is tight. This is no fault of the motels at all. Space is such a premium in SF anyway.	
Oct 13 2005	Great Value Super Service	First let me clarify, this is NOT a 5 star hotel by any stretch of the imagination, but it certainly is a 5 star value and a wonderful place to stay at a great price. If you want luxury, don't stay here. Go downtown and pay $200-$500 a night plus parking. We just wanted a reasonably clean place with friendly people to crash at the end of each busy day. That's what this place is.Now about the hotel... Small little motor inn, like a motel. 2 floors, 1 elevator, 1 luggage cart. Parking is very tight and limited, anything bigger than a mid-size or intermediate car is going to have problems. I had an Impala and more than once had to get out the passenger side after pulling into a spot against a wall. Our room was clean, pretty big with a king bed, table w/ chairs and a kitchenette type area with a sink, microwave and mini-fridge. The bathroom was decent but the shower wouldn't hold temperature very well. TV gets very few channels.Service was exceptional. They really make an extra effort to make sure your stay is pleasant. They gave us a detailed street map, recommended a great combo tour and booked it for us right there (the tour was awesome), and recommended a couple restaurants which we unfortunately didn't get to. Check in and check out were very easy with no surprises. The free parking just can't be beat, especially if you're in good enough shape to walk down to the warf (it's a pretty good hike, but do-able). Still one of the best hotel locations you'll find for the $.Bottom Line: If you are going for a special occasion and/or a hotel that spoils you is important, don't pick this one. If you are low maintenence and are looking for decent accomodations, great service and want to spend your hard earned money on other things (food, tours, nightlife, wine country, etc.), then this is absolutely the place for you. We'd go back.	
Oct 10 2005	Great place for visitors	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights while we took in San Fran for the first time in 4/05 and have nothing but positive things to say. The room was clean and had everything we needed. The bed was comfortable. The managers who run the place are great and are willing to help you out w/ tips and suggestions for sight-seeing. They gave us a nice map and detailed the things to see, which areas to stay away from, how to get around town, etc. The hotel is within walking distance to the Wharf and downtown area but is also very close to a cable car line and the bus lines. And you can't beat free parking - the spaces can be tight but we never moved the car once we got there until we left.	
Oct 8 2005	Nice place. Loved the free parking. Close to cable cars.	We stayed at Nob Hill for 2 nights in June. It was the beginning of 10 days of absolute fun in California.One thing I will say is it is REAL easy to just drive by and not notice the hotel. Take your typical city-scape with high office buildings and them being all interconnected. At some point, driving along (without remembering the EXACT address), you expect a break in the buildings to find a seperate building that might be the hotel you are looking for. This one is actually built into the rest of the surrounding buildings, with a single (for lack of a better term) garage door opening up into the city street. You will probably drive by it the first time and then notice the sign as you are past it, and then have to go around the one-way-streets block. It's an odd setup, but very effective. It allows them to have the real estate for the parking area and the hotel area in one place, while being surrounded by the rest of the city.The office area is on the first floor by the parking area. Picture 2 rows of cars, and then a small office. The small office basically also serves as a security office for the parking area. Within the confines of the office area are some hard-working, very knowledgeable people. They were able to answer all of our questions on where to go find such and such, and how to get to the cable cars. The rooms are on a balcony overlooking the parking area. It would be like going to a large Marriott building, and instead of your balcony overlooking the atrium, you are overlooking the cars. The rooms themselves are not bad. For the money, they are excellent. The Free parking is what did it for us... try parking at some of the fancier places. It's easily $30-40 a night.The cable cars are only about 3 blocks away, to the east. That particular one will bring you north right to the top of the hill on Lombard St. (at the top of the crazy crooked street) and then on down right to Fisherman's Wharf. To get back to the hotel, get back on at the turnaround by Ghirardelli square and just tell the conductor where you are trying to get back to and they will stop at the right street. Very convenient.All in all, I would stay there again.	
Oct 7 2005	Great value location 	We stayed here for 2 nights. We came in late the 1st night and the woman in the office was very nice and helpful! I definitely agree with the parking, as we had a Pontiac Monte Carlo which was a mid-size sedan, and even that was a tight fit! But the room was really clean and nice, and the bathroom was quite big! The location was great, as it was a 5 minute walk to the bus that took us to the SBC Stadium area, from which point we were able to grab the MUNI up Embarcadero to catch our ferry out to Alcatraz. This was also a great deal! We happened to be there during the Oracle conference, in which EVERY room in San Fran was booked...except 1 at Nob Hill Motor Inn..and while other hotels were charging $500/night, we only paid $135/night with free parking! (The free parking was a great perk!) I would definitely recommend this hotel..it's much nicer than its title &quot;motor inn&quot; may infer!	
Oct 3 2005	Great Location 	We stayed for two nights in Sept. Our room was just as described. Recently renovated, clean and spacious. The owners (Frank &amp; Judy) were extremely accommodating and even helped with parking our &quot;larger than requested&quot; rental car in the tight parking spaces. Even though the parking is tight, it's free, which is something to appreciate in the San Francisco area. Since it's not on one of the busy streets, it's much quieter than most. Yes, you do hear car doors closing, etc., but we didn't spend that much time in the room other than sleeping or changing clothes. The bathroom was spotless and had a nice sized shower and large counter space. The bathroom was completely separate from the sleeping area, which is something we prefer. The refrigerator &amp; microwave were an added bonus.The property is in a great location, just off VanNess and within walking distance of everything you need. We found the continental breakfast to be very basic, but there are restaurants within a few blocks that offer something hardier at reasonable prices if that's what you want . The Swan Oyster Bar is a few blocks away, and has been featured on the Food Network - great lunch, pricey, but fun to watch the bantering of the staff &amp; customers.We would definitely stay here again when visiting San Francisco. Thanks, Frank &amp; Judy, for making our stay in SFO enjoyable.	
Oct 2 2005	Agreed!!! A Nice Place To Stay	Stayed here Sept. 2005 for three nights in Room 222. We had a quite top floor 2 room suite which had 1 King, 2 Queens and a Sofia bed. We would stay here again without a doubt. I agree with all the positive things other reviewers have stated here on TripAdvisor. The only problem we had was the TIGHT parking. We had started our trip in Redwood National Park and had rented a Lincoln Navigator. When we pulled into the Inn I didn't think the truck would fit in a spot, it did but it wasn't easy. I decided I wasn't going to deal with this every time I wanted to park so I went back to Hertz that day and swapped the Lincoln for a mid-sized sedan. Keep this in mind if your renting a car, think small.Stay here you'll like it!!!! BTW if you do have a car goto Twin Peaks Vista/Overlook in the daytime as well as at night. Great Views	
Sep 30 2005	Just right	We stayed here over a busy weekend in September 2005. We usually go for places that are comfortable and clean and not necessarily expensive or luxurious, since we spend most of our time outside the hotel room anyway. This place was just perfect for our needs -- excellent location, friendly and helpful owners on site, clean room, quiet, wireless internet available. I see other reviewers have mentioned somewhat outdated rooms -- perhaps, but we found nothing unpleasant about them. The price is very good for such a good location. I will definitely stay here again the next time we're in San Francisco.	
Sep 27 2005	Great Value	This motor inn is the best deal in San Francisco. It is centrally located, in a good neighborhood and has free parking. Our family of 4 (2 A, 1 teen, 1 pre-teen) were delightfully surprised by our room. The family suite included a huge main bedroom with an eating area, couch, t.v., large hallway closet, refrigerator, sink &amp; microwave and a separate bedroom with 2 double beds and another tv. The bathroom was also a good size. It was spotless, and pretty quiet considering it is in the middle of the city. The owners are on-site, and helpfully labeled a map, noting area restaurants and attractions. This is a great value.	
Sep 13 2005	Would return in a second!	We stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn for 8 days, and were very pleased with the accommodation and services, and the location. We were in room 224 on the top floor -- the northeast corner -- and found it comfortable, spacious and quiet; we didn't encounter any of the mould issues reported in other reviews, nor were we troubled by noise from the street or elsewhere in the property. The bed was comfortable, the daily cleaning thoroughly adequate if not stellar (there were cobwebs in a couple corners of the room, but the bathroom was spotless every day), and the fridge and microwave were very convenient. One of the huge strengths of this property (note that the signage reads &quot;Nob Hill Motel&quot;) is its location: it's extremely convenient to Van Ness Avenue and boutitque-y Polk Street, and to the California Street cable car terminus. It's situated in a primarily residential area -- we felt as though we were living in a neighbourhood rather than &quot;hotel row&quot; or a business district, which was a huge plus and gave us a much better feel for the city. We found plenty of nearby places to eat cheaply (check out Nick's Crispy Tacos, Polk @ Broadway, and The Crepe House, Polk @ Washington). No question, we'd stay here again.	
Sep 11 2005	25th Anniversary stay! Great Location and room!	We spent 7 days here during our visit to San Francisco for our 25th wedding anniversary vacation. Tucked away from the hustle and bustle of the tourist spots yet minutes to anywhere you want to go, the Nob Hill Motor Inn is THE place to stay in SF. 1/2 block to Van Ness Blvd where the buses run to everywhere and 1 block to Hyde for cable cars, this Inn is a great choice. Clean rooms, quiet (even though you hear the noise of the road but that is hard to avoid in the city), basic housekeeping every day, nice hot shower, fridge and cofee maker, FREE parking if you rent a car which we did for 2 days. What else can we say? A/C and Heat work fine and comfy bed. FREE wireless internet too! Thanks to Nob Hill Motor Inn for making our stay hastle free and great! Highly recommended! AAA+	
Sep 7 2005	Very clean and affordable	We stayed in this hotel over Labor day weekend and I have to say it was the cleanest, quietest hotel I've ever been in! We were very impressed. They have good coffee in the rooms and hot water/tea in the lobby. The only slight issue we had was that they should not advertise a contenental breakfast....it really is just coffee and tea. However, there are so many great restaurants around, you don't need breakfast at the hotel. For the great price, I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 3 2005 	Clean room good value	Other reviewers raved about this place especially for the value so I booked 4 nights here. It is a good value I must admit, but I also wasn't in my hotel room a whole lot. My room looked like it was just recently renovated. It was nice and clean. Like the previous reviewer, it was very damp. The owners told me they had some water damage and they actually had to re-carpet my room while I was there. It proved to be a minor inconvenience. Also, the place is fairly noisy. There is free parking, but the all the cars park below the rooms. So, you can hear families, kids, doors slamming, and even cars starting in your room. The walls proved to be pretty thin too. The free wireless internet worked well and the room has all major amenities. Management was nice and pleasant. The location is good. Close to California 1 bus-line and the Cable Car. Close to Polk St. shops and restaraunts. If you're looking for basically a clean room and a bed to crash while travelling in SF this a decent choice. I'd probably stay here again.	
Sep 2 2005	A Perfect Spot!	Our family stayed her for 2 nights and found the accomodations quite spacious for a motor inn. The room was very clean and the area was ideal for visiting San Francisco. The free parking is an added plus, if somewhat a bit tight. The breakfast was served in the reception area-no tables but you could take it to your room or on the road. The standard donuts, muffins,etc. No tea, but there was coffee and hot cocoa. All in all, we were pleased with our stay here.	
Sep 1 2005	Ok -But Disappointed	We ended our first tour of America with 4 nights in San Francisco.Our hotels had all lived up to our expectations except this one.We had stayed in a superb hotel in New York for the same price and so expected the same standard at Nob Hill.Plus points; the owners are friendly, good location, many restuarants nearby, the' Lemongrass' Thai Cuisine- Polk Street - (5min walk) was excellent and for a special meal the' Ristorante Milano' was wonderful.We had a 1 room suite with 2 queen beds, table, microwave, small fridge. Our first impressions were that there was a damp smell and later found evidence of mould on the wallpaper on the outside wall.The bathroom unit was shabby and there was bare wood along one edge.We had a coffee machine but didn't like the paper cups supplied.The rooms were clean but the decor rather dated.For the price I am sure we could have found better accommodation.	
Aug 23 2005	Wonderful Inn	A great find. Very spacious, beautifully appointed room. Spotlessly clean. Very friendly and helpful staff who went out of their way to answer all our queries. Free breakfast, free parking and within walking distance of cable cars and Fisherman's Wharf. What more could you want?	
Aug 11 2005	Great Value-Priced Hotel	The Nob Hill Motor Inn was a great find. We found a nice hotel (close to Fisherman's Wharf) without having to pay an extravagant amount. They offer various size rooms. (We had three rooms of various sizes.) All three rooms were clean and well kept.The owners were very helpful. We asked them several times about public transportation routes. They were always able to give us valuable information.Would definitely stay there again and recommend it to friends and family.	
Aug 11 2005	Great location	This is an excellent little motel in a great location. The cable car stops 2 blocks away, buses right outside. You can walk to Fishermans Wharf and Downtown in about 15/20 minutes. Room was very big with loads of storage space. The couple who run this motel are very helpful and friendly. Loads of nice shops, bars and restaurants right around the corner in the Russian Hill area. Would recommend this place for anyone looking for a good, quiet location, but who doesn't want to spend a fortune. Would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 2 2005	Wonderful Hotel und nice owners	This is one of the best deals you can make in the city. We stayed here four nights, the owners were absolutely nice und helpful. The first room we had was a suite, the second a king room. Both rooms were hudge and nice. Free parking in this area, an absolut curiosness. There are a lot of shops, restaurants und bars in this area. You can reach the most by foot. Cable car is two blocks away, bus directly in front of the door, or at Van Ness. In 20 min. by foot you can reach Fishermans Wharf or in 10 Min. Lombard Street, but there a really great (fish-) restaurants directly on the Polk Street. Ask the owners for some hints and you will know where to go. There is also a great sportshop (Lombardi) just few steps from the Hotel. Absolutely worth a visit are the Thai restaurants und the chinese directly around the left corner, on Polk. We enjoyed our stay and we will come back.	
Aug 2 2005	Thanks for your reviews	I just wanted to thank everyone who wrote reviews for the Nob Hill Motor Inn. It was exactly as other vistors had described, it was cheap, clean and above all good value in a town where that is hard to find. The room was small but clean, with a working tv and air conditioning. We had a room with a micro &amp; fridge both of which allowed us to make our own breakfasts. The staff were friendly and helpful - above all it was good value and exactly what I expected. Thanks to Frank and Judy for the warm welcome and for all the precious advice about all the aspect of the city! The free parking it is a plus! Thanks everyone	
Aug 1 2005	Great deal for San Fran	We found this hotel on tripadvisor, and the great reviews are correct.The hotel is clean, the rooms are spacious, and the staff is so very helpful.It is in a great location and you can easily walk to the bus stop or trolley.Restaurants, drug stores, and small groceries are right around the corner. You can't beat the price, and parking is free! We will definitely be recommending this hotel to all our friends.	
Aug 1 2005	Great choice	I've stayed in plenty of places in the Bay Area- for price, location, and cleanliness, this was the best.It's located just far enough off the tourist area to feel like you're part of the city, but still the cable car and bus lines are never far away. It also has quick access to 101 for those early morning returns to SFO.Room had everything we could have hoped for, including a microwave and fridge. Not that we needed the microwave, way too many good restaurants in the area!From now on, this will be my first choice for any visits to San Francisco.	
Jul 30 2005	San Francisco's Best	I tell you what, unless you're used to staying in really ritzy places, you should stay here. You can stay in the middle of San Francisco at a reasonable price and a very comfortable stay. I should say that if you are traveling to San Francisco on a tight budget, you can stay here cheaply in the double bed room. The room is small, but it is really clean and has all the amenities you need. If you are willing to spend $20 more a night, I would recommend the queen bed room. It is much, much bigger than the double bed room and definetly worth it.The room: We stayed here two years ago in a queen room, and just recently in July of 2005, in a double bed room for one night and a queen bed room for two nights. Like I said, the queen bed room is HUGE for a San Francisco motel room. Plus you get a refridgerator, microwave, free parking, and wireless internet. The owners are very nice and our room was kept clean our whole stay. When my wife and I have to leave this place to come home, we start to feel homesick. We will definetly stay here everytime we come to San Francisco. If the owners read these reviews, we just want to thank you again for making our stay in San Francisco so comfortable!	
Jul 29 2005	Great Place	Booked a room here based on the good reviews I read on this website. We were not disappointed. Huge L-shaped corner room on the second floor with a good sized bathroom. Very quiet, off-the-street location. Free parking was a definite plus in a city where hotels charge more than $30 for their own guests. Wonderful staff and very clean rooms. Not really within walking distance of the Wharf area but the bus line is just a block away. I would suggest not bothering with the cable cars during the summer. Lines were long throughout the day with a minimum wait of 45 minutes. The bus runs every 15 minutes and was only $1.25. The restaurants near this hotel weren't our style so we went to the Wharf area every night for dinner.In short, this motel was inexpensive, clean, quiet, friendly and near public transportation. Would stay there again.	
Jul 29 2005	Great find in SFO!	The Nob Hill Motor Inn is a nice find in this busy city. Well maintained, and family run, the property is very reasonably priced. Rooms are spacious and have been refurbished with care. Fridge was a nice bonus. Free parking! Easy access from the highway via Van Ness, and to Lombard street for both the Golden Gate Bridge and the &quot;crookedest street&quot; which is only about 5 blocks away. Cable cars are 2 blocks, and buses only 1/2 block. Rooms are quiet, but it is an outside hallway so folks do walk past your room window. The owners were very knowledgable and helpful about suggesting attractions, routes, discount passes for the cable cars/buses, and local restaurants. San Francisco has lots of wonderful restaurants, but the little Thai restaurant around the corner was excellent - reasonably priced and great food- exactly what we needed after a full day of walking! We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 28 2005	wonderful welcome	We stayed here for four nights in July 2005. We were given a warm welcome such as we have not experienced in nine years of travel in the U.S.A. by Frank and Judy. They could not have been more helpful with advice about all aspects of the city. It was a large clean room with microwave and fridge. The motel is in an ideal location. Yes, the parking spaces are cramped but once you are parked forget your car and use public transport. We cannot understand somebody's comment about car park noise which we did not experience whatsoever. We would highly recommend this motel to anybody for value, convenience and friendliness. Once you have found this place stop looking further.	
Jul 27 2005	A great stay!	I've stayed in the city many times always paying more. This motel is a find. It is CLEAN, CLEAN, CLEAN. Great value for the money. No, it's not the Westin (stayed there several times), or Hyatt, but is a third of the cost. Good location, easy walk for shopping and eating out. I found the room to be in good shape, clean and quiet. Free parking is a plus if you have a rental. The only con is the spaces are small. Very TIGHT parking! If you have anything bigger than a midsize, be prepared to crawl out the window or the back to get out once you've parked. I'll stay here again next time, with or without a car.	
Jul 25 2005	Great Price Great Location Great Owners	My husband and I stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn for 3 days late last November. First of all, if you are driving to the Inn, do NOT use MapQuest for directions, they are completely wrong and they will take you through some scary areas of San Francisco. Despite our 1 a.m. arrival on Friday night, both of the owners were there to greet us and give us a warm welcome, and mark off all the great tourist attraction locations on a map for us, and x out all the areas that we should avoid for safety reasons. Free parking in San Francisco is definitely a great plus for this inn. Our room was clean, fairly large with King sized bed, and housekeeping was excellent.If you want to take advantage of the simple complimentary breakfast, you will have to wake up early, waking up at 11 a.m. will leave you with nothing but crumbs.Some tips for tourists to San Francisco: don't miss hiking through Muir Woods and a day trip to Carmel is worth it if only to catch a sunset that you will never forget.	
Jul 12 2005	Perfect motel	We had a wonderful experience staying 3 nights at this motel in San Fransisco. Location is great for experiencing the entire city by foot or cable car. It's surrounded by eateries. The rooms include micro-waves and refridgerators, and we parked for free right below our second floor room. The motel is relatively small and we felf very secure due to the layout. The office can monitor the only entry into the parking lot and the rooms seemed private since they were off the street. Frank and Judy were our tour guides and told us everything we needed to know about being a tourist in the city. What a great value - can't wait to go back.	
Jul 12 2005	Ok but over-rated	After reading numerous reviews about this motel I expected too much. Sure the rooms are clean enough but they are small. And it is a great feature that it is a &quot;non-smoking&quot; property. But that's where the positives end. The motel is comprised of two floors- the second and third- and the bottom floor is where you park your vehicle if you drive. However, therein lies the problem, on a cool evening or morning, it is just too noisy - especially when you want to open your windows for some fresh air. Too noisy with all the car noise below filtering up to your room: the constant opening and closing of car doors and motors starting. Would be more of an enjoyable motel if the cars were somehow situated differently than directly below the rooms. The location however, close to Pacific and Polk Ave is ok - with walking distance not too bad for most locals: Fisherman's Wharf, China Town etc.	
Jul 10 2005	Great location	We stayed 4 nights in mid-June in a standard room with 2 queen beds on the second floor. We were 4 adults. The room was clean &amp; the beds comfortable. We chose the hotel for its location &amp; were not disappointed. It's in a nice neighborhood, with several restaurants close by. Although they have free parking, we opted to pick up our rental car on departure day as we really did not need it. A 3 day pass on public transportation was all we needed. Two cable car lines are within walking distance &amp; several bus lines are even closer. Although the hotel offers take-out muffins, croissants &amp; pastries in the morning, we preferred a more substantial breakfast which was available close by. The inner courtyard where the cars are parked can be noisy in the morning when guests are departing early as voices are amplified, but it wasn't a problem for us as we were early risers. Taking price &amp; location into consideration this hotel is rated above average. We would certainly consider staying there again.	
Jul 1 2005	Best Stay in San Francisco	We just returned from vacation with the first stop in San Francisco. We stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn and absolutely loved it!We are a family of 5 and stayed in one of the 2 bedroom suites. The accomodations were great! The suite was spacious, rooms were neat and clean. Hosts Frank and Judy were very helpful in answering all of our questions on the ins and outs of getting around the city. The hotel is in a very nice location, just a couple of blocks away from the cable car stop. Ir's very easy to access the city from here by foot, car or public transportation.A continental breakfast was available in the morning. and the kids really enjoyed the hot chocalate! Free parking was a big plus as well.The Nob Hill Motor Inn is a wonderful place to stay and a great value as well. We coudn't have had a better start to our vacation!	
Jun 25 2005	Great location but tiny room	I stayed here between 11th and 15th June. The location is great just off Polk Street with all it's bars and restaurants. The room which myself and my wife stayed in, room 225 was tiny it only had a double bed and not much else. The room was clean and the fridge was handy. The reception staff where very polite and helpful. I think i would stay here again not for the hotel itself but for the location.	
Jun 12 2005	The reviews are correct an excellent place to stay	The Nob Hill Motor Inn, just fantastic. If your going to San Francisco just stay there. Possibly the best value hotel in the world, free parking in San Francisco only two blocks from a cable car. This sort of hotel is rare.	
Jun 4 2005	Wonderful hotel would thoroughly recommend! 	A really excellent hotel - fabulous room - very spacious. Hotel is very convenient and owners make one feel so very welcome and are very helpful - would recommend the hotel to any one - it's great !	
Jun 3 2005	Nice place friendly staff free parking	I stayed there for 3 nights in May, the room was excellent, very spacious and clean. The location of the motel is really good, because, it`s a safe and also quiet (at night) area, with a bus stop directly in front of the door. take the bus and you`ll be in chinatown in under 5 minutes. Additionally there are great restaurants around the corner in polk st., which are a good deal compared to other places in sf. compared to the worn-down places in lombard st., this is a good pick worth the money. i will definitely come back!	
Jun 1 2005	Real value for money	We stayed here for 3 nights in May and can highly recommend this motel to people who want a central base from which to explore SF. Okay - so this motel doesn't have all the fancy amenities of a posh hotel - but who cares. The rooms have been recently refurbished and were comfortable and clean. The 2 owners were particularly helpful, including giving us clear instructions on which areas of SF were safe and which were not, providing us with a map and showing us which places to see during our time in SF. Breakfast was just pastries and coffee which we skipped and instead found ample places on Polk Street instead. The other reviews talk about how conveniently located this motel is - believe them it really is. We bought a 3 day muni pass at SF International Airport and really got our money's worth. Not only do the no. 12 and no. 19 buses run from outside the hotel, but also the no. 47 and 49 run on Van Ness which we used to get to and from Fisherman's Wharf. The cable car is literally a block and a half away. SF's public transport system is excellent and we didn't take the car out of the garage for the 3 days we were there. Parking is tight but not impossible if you have a large car. A real gem of a motel in the heart of SF.	
Jun 1 2005	Helpful clean and a place to park	We checked several sites for a place to stay in San Francisco for our one-year anniversary and the Nob Hill Motor Inn was rated pretty high. We were not disappointed.The front office was very helpful to a couple that hadn't been in San Fran before and even called us back when they couldn't answer a question.We had a rental car, so the parking was a definite bonus. The spaces are a bit small, but so are the spaces on the streets of San Francisco. Close to the bus line, cable car line and easy to get from place to place.Rooms are very nice and clean.	
May 27 2005	Great hotel  very fine managers  lovely area: a gem in San Fran	We stayed in this hotel several times ; our most recent stay was in may . Judy &amp; Frank Ramey are the couple managing this place and making -plus keeping- it the gem it is ! All rooms we stayed in on different moments where always very clean and the cleaning staff also does a great job . The moment you walk into the front office the managers make you feel as if you are home , help you any way they can and tell you where to go and how to get there in a safe way ; get a muni pass if you plan to get around in the city :bus 12 stops at the end of the street and takes you all the way to the ferry building downtown ; bus 19 takes you down polkstreet to fishermans wharf .There are also several good restaurants - in different price ranges -in the area .	
May 24 2005	Unbeatable Value Great Neighborhood	Newly renovated, this nice motor inn is nestled very nicely in San Francisco. A 15 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf, and a short 5 minute walk to many restaurants. The folks running this inn give you 100% personalized service. Rooms are clean, reasonably well appointed (nothing fancy), noise level ok. The value here is quite incredible.If we are heading to San Fran in the future -we'll be staying at the Noib Hill for sure.	
May 16 2005	Cute Hotel Spacious Rooms Safe Area Inexpensive	We drove into SF from Tahoe for a belated honeymoon in late April 2005 here. I found the hotel online and took a chance after reading so many positive reviews and getting a great rate ($74/night). All the positive things people say here are true! The place is quaint, in a safe area, the owners (Frank and his wife) tell you everything you need to know about where to go, where not to venture to, etc., the continental breakfast was great and saved us some cash also. The fridge and microwave were great for dinner leftovers to eat for breakfast or late at night. Everything was very clean. We loved it and were very happy with it. We would stay here again in a second. Thanks, Frank, for making our honeymoon and first stay in SF affordable, safe, fun and pleasant!!! Please note: parking is a little tight so I might recommend a small rental. We had a pontiac aztek and it was a bit of a squeeze, ok but a squeeze in the narrow parking spots.	
May 7 2005	must stay here	This place was so great! The location was amazing and the free parking makes it even better. If you are looking for a nice place to stay for a really good price than look no farther. The people running the place act somewhat nice, they can be rude. It seems like they get asked the same questions over and over again and they have an attitude about it- who cares just don't rely on them. I suggest getting a muni pass before you come to SF b/c the inn will not help you get one. They will point you in the direction and if you ask them to repeat the directions then expect an attitude. Turn out of the inn and walk a few blocks to Hyde st. a trolley will take you down to the Wharf or up to chinatown/union sq. We used the trolley cars a lot. Be careful- they can get packed during certain times and will not have room for you. I felt like I had to write this review b/c I wanted everyone visiting SF to love it as much as we did. The location were we stayed I think had a lot to do with it. Tip- bring a coat, SF can get hot / cold throughout the day. Also, eat at Neptunes @ the wharf. SO GOOD!! Alcatraz is fun too!! There is a great pub down the road from the inn too. Friendly locals. major tip-- wear comfortable shoes!!	
May 3 2005	Good hotel in great location	Great price ($100), great location, free parking, clean room. If you do not expect more than a clean motel in the heart of SFO, then this is for you. If you want luxury and want to pay, stay somewhere else. One warning, walls are thin and people upstairs were loud getting ready in the morning. stay on the top floor if possible.	
Apr 30 2005	Great Location Excellent Stay	This is a great motel, right on Polk St this is a fantastic location. I arrived somewhat jet lagged from an 11 hour flight from London, upon arrival my reservation was already expected and they quickly booked us in. I had been to SF before but we were given a brief overview of the city on a handy map, where to go and not to go. This was really handy, as I stayed on Geary St last time in the Tenderloin and as I remember its a bit shady down there, so it was cool to be told we could freely wander around the area with no worries.The Motor Inn is just on the corner of Polk &amp; Pacific and has access to loads of great bars and restaurants within a few mins walk, the 19 bus takes you to the Wharf and you can pick up a cable car one block over on Jackson.The rooms are fine, sometimes I feel some people ask too much for their $, for the price we paid the room was fine, good bed, TV works fine, shower works fine, fridge &amp; microwave! Aircon works and storage is fine, after all its a motel not a hotel so I dont expect youd stay for longer than a week anyways.Considering the service you dont get in the UK this place is class.	
Apr 26 2005	Great bargain great location	This is the perfect little motel for people who are more interested in seeing the city than the inside of their hotel room. The parking is free. The rooms are clean. I slept great -- no excess noise from the street. There's a microwave and refrigerator in the room so you can store your snacks and have a few meals in if you want. The desk staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The location is actually Russian Hill between Polk and Van Ness on Pacific Ave. Walking distance up to Ghirardelli Square and the cable cars. We loved it.	
Apr 23 2005	I nice comfy hotel in a good location at a great price.	I stayed here in mid April for a 4 night stay. Had been looking for a hotel in San Francisco but found that many of the hotels charged $35 dollars a night for parking. So when I called Nob Hill Motor Inn I was pleased not only that the AAA rate was 89 per night, but that parking was free. In terms of the facilities, they were nothing fancy, but this is a motor inn so I was not expecting much, and other than sleeping, we did not spend much time at the Inn. The place is clean and well maintained, the room we had was spacious with a comfortable king bed. The manager was a treasure-trove of information. When we got there, he asked me if I knew the area, when I said no he immediately pulled a out map and marked off areas that I should visit and which bus line to take to get there. He also crossed out areas that I should avoid. He directed me to where I could get bus/cable car passes (about a 10 min walk), and informed me about places to eat. Parking in San Fran is apparently a problem, so taking the bus/train/cable car lines was very easy, the closest stop was less than a five minute walk away, and by changing lines you can pretty much get to anywhere you might want to go. We never felt uncomfortable walking around the immediate area, and there are lots of restaurants on Polk a block away, there was this GREAT crepe place that has a great variety of crepes and other things, the roasted eggplant sandwich was delicious! The Inn can get pretty noisy in the morning with the maids doing all their vaccuuming and cleaning. . . if you are looking to sleep late or are looking for a romantic hotel, you might want to consider something else. In the morning there are some donuts and coffee, it is nothing fancy, just something to grab on your way out the door.I would defintely stay here again and would recommend it to the budget minded traveller looking for a nice base for their exploration of this beautiful city.	
Apr 19 2005	Really good value motel in San Francisco	I stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn with my husband for 10 days in March/April of this year and felt it lived up the reviews on tripadvisor which we used as our guide.Good points:Excellent Location, you can walk to all the main sights and to downtown. or you can walk a couple of blocks to the cable car. Polk street is nearby and there are great restaurants within walking distance and a really useful supermarket in case you want to use the fridge and microwave in your room and save even more money! Also good cafes for breakfast to supplement the free pastries. Very clean. Immaculate rooms and bathrooms. Fresh towels and toiletries every day. The standard of the decor is very good and we felt very comfortable and relaxed. Great large TV. Fridge, microwave and coffee machine.Quiet location (better than downtown) and very comfortable beds. Helpful owners, can go to them with questions but they are not intrusive and you can come and go as you please.We felt it was a home from home!	
Apr 17 2005	Good but disappointing	Having read the reviews I was expecting something amazing. The owners were very friendly and the place was very clean but the room was TINY and cramped with hardly any storage space. I think you can get a bigger room if you make enough fuss but when we were there the motel was full up so there was no chance to change room. The location of the motel is excellent however. I would recommend the motel but only if you don't want to spend very long in your room. Breakfast was included but this was just a couple of buns/cakes that you had to eat on your way out as there is nowhere to sit and eat the food! We weren't even informed what time the breakfast ran from/until and so often we missed out on breakfast. Good but don't expect too much.	
Apr 14 2005	Excellent Property!!	I work for three hotels in the French Quarter in New Orleans so I have a good idea of what to look for and expect from a visit to a hotel and all I can say about the Nob Hill Motor Inn is that it is an excellent property. It is located three blocks from a cable car stop and one block from a bus stop. My wife and I stayed at this great little property for four nights. The price was right, the property and the rooms were clean and the front desk staff was very helpful and friendly. We made our original booking over the web but later had to call and adjust our departure date. When we arrived everything was in order with no surprises. Upon check-in the front desk person gave us a map of San Francisco showed me the city highlights, cable car lines, and bus lines and told me where I could get a three day pass for the city transit to save money. The housekeepers did another excellent job cleaning the rooms each day. So if you like a little (29 rooms), clean, friendly, motel away from the hustle and bustle of the tourist area yet in a nice safe area this is the motel for you.	
Apr 13 2005	Great find in SF	I agree with the other reviews. The parking space are VERY SMALL, but I really liked that it was free. The only 2 complaints I have is that the continental breakfast was only donuts, instant coffee, apples and o.j. I wish they had a varity of fruit and maybe cereal and yogert. Also, the walls are kinda thin, so we could hear the people in the room above us walking around and talking loud. But, overall the room was great, the staff was great, the location was good and the price was terrific. The hotel was very neat and clean. They were painting the outside of the property when we were there. If you stay here you should try Polker's restaurant on Polk, the omletts and french toast are great!!!!	
Apr 8 2005	Just as advertised	My husband and I stayed at the Nob Hill Motel for 4 nights and found it to be clean, spacious, and comfortable. The couple at the desk were friendly and helpful (even allowed our son who lives in the city to park his car in their lot for a couple of hours).We had requested a room on the top floor and that's what we got. We slept very well at night; heard no noise from the street or other rooms. Didn't really take advantage of the free breakfast as it was just instant coffee and some donuts. There were two things about the room that I didn't like but would not keep me from returning. The cleaning solution or air freshener used by the cleaning staff had a sickening sweet smell . . . had to open the window upon entering each time. The bathroom fan operated with the light switch so the fan was on even while I was applying makeup . . . and it was very noisy. A separate switch for the fan would be nice.The area around the motel seemed very safe . . . even tho we did some some homeless people sleeping in doorways less than a block away. There are lots of restaurants within walking distance. We ate at The Bell Tower twice; very good food and very friendly waitstaff.	
Apr 2 2005	Great Find!	Excellent place to stay. We had a car, so it was great that there was no parking fee! Staff were really friendly and helpful- pointing out attractions, giving maps and directions. Rooms and whole property were spotless and a great touch was having a microwave in the room- great for warming pizza. The free continental breakfast was also good.Wasn't as close as I thought to all the major attractions - around a 30 minute walk away to most, although we discovered lots of really good restaurants and bars close by. Would definately return.	
Apr 2 2005	A great bargain for the price!	Just stayed four days in this hotel and it was a perfect combination of price and features. No, it's not the &quot;W&quot; or the Ritz Carlton. However, if you're not looking to be regaled with the latest modern design, this is THE place to stay, and you'll have quite a bit more cash to spend on other luxuries. The rooms are pretty standard in size and furnishings, but the stuff is all in great shape and looks pretty new. There are fridges and microwaves in the rooms. The free parking is BIG feature, especially since paying at least $20 per night is the norm in SF. While the spaces are VERY VERY narrow, there was always a spot to park in, even when returning from late night sight seeing. Breakfast in the morning was limited to crossaints, sweet rolls and donuts. My caffeine addicted partner was disappointed by the instant coffee they served. However, you are literally a block away from several great coffee stops on Polk St. There are places to eat on Van Ness and Polk, and you're walking distance (if you're on &quot;tourist time&quot;) to Union Square, Chinatown, the wharf and Pacific Heights. The staff was VERY friendly, and laid out cookies every afternoon. There is a four-star steak house two doors down from the inn which was VERY good (and pricey), multiple breakfast places within a few blocks (find the place with the banana walnut pancakes on Polk!!), and great restaurants and clubs nearby as well. The property is clean, appears very safe, and well kept. They were very accomodating when I asked to check in a few hours early. I'd definitely go back to this place, as well as refer my friends and family if they're looking for a balance of price and convenience.	
Apr 1 2005	Nob Hill Motor Inn you get your moneys worth.	I travel a lot. So I was actually surprised on how nice this place looked upon our arrival. The rooms face a courtyard which give it a european feel. The rooms are spacious, fairly modern, and very clean. Frank &amp; Judy who run the place are extremely friendly &amp; helpful. Our family will definitely be back!	
Apr 1 2005	Worked great for us	Our family of five just stayed five nights there and everything was great . I'm glad I saw the previous reviews and booked in advance. We all were happy with it and would stay there again.	
Mar 18 2005	clean and comfortable with great location	We stayed here for 2 nights in March and I agree with all the prior reviews. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and loaded with advice on the city. The rooms are very clean and modern with comfortable beds and nice bathrooms and you can walk to many areas with lots of nice restaurants. I will definitely stay there again. Finally, all the rooms are non-smoking so not a hint of smoke anywhere! Not fancy and no views to speak of but a good value and a pleasant place to rest between explorations.	
Mar 15 2005	As good as described in previous reviews	Nob Hill Motor Inn is as great as described in previous reviews. The office staff was extremely helpful. The rooms were decent sized and very nice. The only thing is that the breakfast is very limited. I don't think I'd call it a continental breakfast. Overall, we had an excellent stay at this hotel and would recommend it to friends.	
Mar 1 2005	Wow! Nice people!	We stayed at that hotel only one night but it was great. The young gentleman and his wife (the owners were absent) were very helpful. They helped us find different locations on the map (my husband had business meetings) and they even helped us when our internet didn't work (they later called our room to make sure everything was okay). They also gave us good recommendations for restaurants (The little Thaï on the corner of Broadway is great). The place was very clean, the bed was extremely comfortable and to those people who think the noise is too disburbing, when you turn on the fan in the room, you don't hear a thing and you can have a sound sleep!We will return to the Nob Hill Motor Inn for sure and we will recommend it to our friends.	
Mar 1 2005 	Best motel ever!!	Had a wonderful five day stay in this very nice motel. Groceries and restaurants are all within walking distance. I didn't need a car since I could just walk to the bus stops or the cable cars. Most important of all is that I felt SAFE unlike in other places where I stayed before in SFO. Let me not forget to thank Judy and her husband for being so nice and accomodating. Best welcome I ever had in North America!! Wish they'll always be there whenever I visit San Francisco.	
Feb 24 2005	Great Place to Stay	I stayed @ the Nob Hill Motor Inn based on the glowing reviews from Tripadvisor and the bargain price--I was not disappointed! The location is ideal for exploring the City. Polk Street is the major cross street and there you have great restaraunts, functional shops (postal centers, grocery stores, tailors, cleaners, Walgreens etc) and walking around you get the sense of a neat San Francisco neighborhood with a good vibe to it. Access to transportation is great as well. I had a room with 2 queen beds--very spacious and clean, w/fridge, microwave, coffee maker and lots of good cable channels. But above all the owners of the Nob Hill Motor Inn--a nice married couple--really make this place special. They are really friendly people and go the extra mile to make your stay a good one. Case in Point: I needed to mail off some binders I collected from being at a conference and didn't want to carry it all with me on the plane--they not only directed me to the closest UPS Store but they even gave me a box to use and helped me tape it up so I can avoid getting charged $$ for the box at the store. I will definitely come back to stay the next I visit San Francisco.	
Feb 9 2005	Great Hotel in San Francisco	We stayed here for 2 nights in early February based on reviews from TripAdvisor and agree its probably the best hotel for the price in San Francisco. It's central to transportation, shopping, attractions and dining. It's in a quiet area of the city so the rooms are nice and quiet at night. The rooms are very well appointed, very clean and extremely comfortable. And as another reviewer pointed out - the beds are very comfortable. Thanks again to the owners who provide such welcoming and great accomodation in such a beautiful city! 	
Feb 7 2005	Wonderful Hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn For 3 nights - Jan 29- Feb 1. The owners were helpful, knowledgeable and very gracious. They detailed on a map for us and others, the more unsafe areas of the city which, as tourists, we could have innocently ventured into. So much to explore in the area, so be sure to wear comfy shoes and be prepared for a workout climbing all of those San Fran hills!The hotel is a hidden gem in the city- highly recommended!	
Feb 7 2005	Nob Hill - Great place!	We stayed here for three nights in January 2005. I picked this place for our first trip to S.F. after reading reviews on Tripadvisor and because it was non-smoking. It was just as described and as others have mentioned in their reviews. A great place to stay!!!!	
Feb 2 2005	Outstanding Choice in a quiet location	My wife and I stayed at the Nob Hill in mid January for two nights, and we loved this place. Run by on-site owners, the three story motel (parking courtyard and 2 floors of rooms) offers free covered parking, and large, comfortable rooms in a well-maintained facility. Rooms appear to have been remodeled recently. in-room coffee maker, extra sink, and a TV that receives 70 cable channels are great extras. The street is quiet, yet there are restaurants, bars, and ample public transportation within a couple of blocks. In a city with lots of high priced, old hotels on noisy streets, this one is stands out.The staff was very friendly and helpful. Definately will return there!	
Feb 1 2005	What a great choice	I found this hotel on this website and it was as good as the reviews said. First time in SF and the location was perfect. The staff was great and the rooms were every bit as good as any $200 hotel. Polk St was a nice place to spend the nites, good food and good bars. The walk up to see the homes in Pacific Hts is a must. We will be back!	
Jan 30 2005	The Very Best	Stayed here for four nights earlier this month. Excellent in every way. Close to everything, friendly, free parking, how can this be beaten? Not likely in San Francisco. Everything was just so. Perfect.	
Jan 25 2005	what a great find!	My mum and I stayed here for five nights mid January 2005 after reading reviews on Tripadvisor. it was a great find - very clean, with a maid service every day. i have to say the beds are the most comfortable i've ever stayed in in a hotel (anywhere in the world - i'm not joking, i wanted to bring them home with me). our room had cable tv and en suite facilities and was very spacious and comfortable. the owners were so pleasant and helpful, booking cabs for us and making sure we had maps etc. the location is perfect - in a very safe area, with great places to eat nearby and right on the major bus and cable car routes. the continental breakfast is pastries, biscuits and coffee (very nice). for the price you won't do any better in san francisco. wholeheartedly recommend this place!!!!	
Jan 25 2005	Perfect for a budget SF stay	I stayed here for one night with my father. Free parking. Continental breakfast. Easy to get to. Friendly and helpful staff. Very reasonable rates. Clean room and premises and comfortable beds.	
Jan 15 2005	Best bargain room in The City	The rate is almost always less than $100 for a spacious room and good bed ($75 the other night). You can park for free. Everything works. The hosts (who, sadly, are planning to move to Utah) are friendly, helpful, and efficient. What's not to like? I've stayed there twice and it is going to be my regular hotel when I need a room overnight in San Francisco. You will get a good, quite night's sleep and a good bath or shower in the morning.That said, if I was going to San Francisco on a once- or twice-in-a-lifetime vacation, I'd spend the money to stay somewhere nicer, probably near Union Square, with a room big enough to enjoy hanging out in. Yes, you can walk up to the Hyde St. car, but that's not the same as being able to walk to all the stores and to the main Muni (local bus/streetcar) and BART (regional subway) routes. Fact is, the Nob Hill is near a useful, workaday section of Polk St. that is likely to have little charm for a visitor. A perfectly respectable neighborhood, and you can walk over the hill to Chinatown and North Beach, or down to the Wharf, but not what people think of when they think of San Francisco.P.S. The motel is *not* actually on Nob Hill, which is just as well, as there is no way they could offer free parking if it was.	
Jan 12 2005	Perfect Second Honeymoon!	My husband and I live in Sacramento and wanted to spend a nice romantic evening together without the kids and some of our close friends recommended the Nob Hill Motor Inn. Our room was beautiful! The decor was elegant and the furniture and fixtures looked brand new. Even though we were located very close to some really good restaurants and shops, the hotel was very quiet, we slept through the night soundly. Judy and Frank were very friendly and helpful with suggestions. There's no question, when we escape our kids to visit SF again, I will make reservations here.	
Jan 10 2005	Outstanding value	We stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn for a week over the Christmas holidays. The room was of average size, not luxurious but very, very clean and comfortable. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. For a couple of walkers, the locale was perfect - no more than a thirty minute walk from Ghirardelli Square, Pier 39, Union Square, Ferry Bldg, - and near a variety of restaurants ranging from Zagat 25+ types to inexpensive but delicious ethnic. Cable cars were only five minutes away. On-site parking eliminated the hassles we experienced last year when we stayed in a B&amp;B in the city. And when we wanted to leave for day trips to Sonoma wine country or Santa Cruz, egress was easy on Van Ness Ave. (US 101), just a block away. Overall, the best value in lodging I could imagine in a fairly expensive city. We would definitely come back.	
Dec 27 2004	Location and Cleanliness	Excellent place to stay. Perfect location with or without a car (no parking fee!) Staff could not be more friendly and helpful. Rooms and whole property spotless. Lots of really good restaurants in all price ranges close by, in fact every kind of shop you could need right there!Would/will return.	
Dec 19 2004	Great hotel good value couple of very minor gripes	The good news is that you are unlikely to find a hotel with such a plesant receptionist. A benefit of a small family run hotel perhaps but as new visitors to SF we were given maps without asking and told all the best spots to see. Nothing was too much trouble and for that reason the hotel should be on your shortlist in you visit SFBed was fantastically comfortable and pillows just right for me.The couple of very minor gripes were that the room was a bit on the chilly side (however it was warmer than our house when we got back) and as a consequence the unheated bathroom was really nippy first thing in the morning with the cold tiled floors. Secondly the heating/aircon unit was a bit noisy and the fan in the bathroom was a like an aircraft taking off. Heater/aircon unit not a problem as we just switched it off for sleeping.	
Dec 7 2004	Best motel in San Francisco	A real GEM!!! Stayed there Nov 30 -Dec1. Most helpful and friendly staff. Wish we had planned a longer stay in SF. Very,Very convenient location. Free parking a plus.	
Nov 30 2004	Great location. Stay here!	Stayed here for two nights on our honeymoon. Fantastic location, with a carpark. Clean, decent sized rooms. Close to the cable cars. Would highly recommend staying here. WARNING! If you are using the expedia route finder coming south from freeway 101, there is a step missing! When you get off the freeway (Mission St exit), turn left (North) into Van Ness Ave. That is the continuation of 101, not Mission St as stated in the instructions.We saw more of San Fran than we wouldve liked from that little doosey. Speaking to the hotel staff, apparently it isnt the first time people have done it. Great hotel. :)	
Nov 27 2004	Perfect Honeymoon!	We were pleasantly surprised upon checking in that the managers had remembered from our original reservation that it was our honeymoon and they genuinely seemed interested in hearing about our wedding and travel plans for San Francisco. Judy and Frank offered a ton of great suggestions in terms of restaurants, how to walk to the tourist sites (eat some crab at Fisherman's wharf - very very very tasty!) and who to call to book an Alcatraz tour. We stopped in for some hot chocolate (served in the office all evening) each night just to chat with them - Because of their excellent service and a really nice room, I couldn't recommend this place more. My husband and I are hoping to come back for one of our anniversaries!	
Nov 22 2004	Nice surprise!	I chose this accommodation only after thorough research on several websites and stayed for 1 week. The service was lovely, it's close to many attractions and it's very clean and safe. Quiet also, not a lot of noise. I loved the fact that the parking was totally FREE! I also liked that I could catch the bus to another hotel (parking wasn't free there) where a conference I attended was held. Took minutes. Would recommend this motel wholeheartedly! Worth the money.	
Nov 19 2004	Enjoyed our visit...	My son and I were in town for a rugby tournament he was playing in at Kezar stadium. We had a room with 2 queen beds which was fantastic. Large enough for both of us and all of his sports gear -- This was my son's first visit to S.F. and the location of the Nob Hill made it real easy for us to hit all of the major tourist sites on our day off. Must recommend Swan Oyster Depot a tiny seafood restaurant just near the inn- great food (we ate there three times during our 5 day stay!)	
Nov 18 2004	The Reviews are right on	This place was great. It was clean, brand new looking (all new furniture, carpet, etc), big rooms. the staff was extremely helpful, right next to public transportation and a couple blocks from the Cable Cars.	
Oct 19 2004	Wonderful place to stay!	We were two women (older) traveling alone. We can not say enough good things about this hotel. It was very clean, safe area, easy access to public transportation, the staff was wonderful. We were there 9-29-04 to 10-4-04.	
Oct 15 2004	pleasant experience	Stayed a single night here last week. The (top floor) room was clean and spacious, and the front desk hosts were very friendly and helpful. Free parking seems to be quite a rarity in the city, so it was definitely a plus. We had reservations at a more expensive hotel downtown the following two nights, and I wish we'd stayed at this one instead (and not only because it cost $20/day for parking). Simple, but comfortable accomodations at a decent value.	
Oct 12 2004	Just great	This place was perfect for us. Very clean. In a great neighborhood.We walked around the corner to the coffee shops, bagel shops, drug store and health food stores. Everyone at the inn and around the area was so friendly. The free parking was such a plus. Try Polker's restaurant for lunch, very good. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Oct 12 2004	Excellent Choise	We stayed at Nob Hill Motor Inn for 6 nights in August 2004. We made our choice based on Trip Advisor reviews and were very happy with the property. The location is excellent, walking distance to waterfront, and there are several good restaurants nearby. There is a public bus service to downtown at the corner and the cable car is just a couple of blocks away. (The All-Day pass for the cable car is recommended). The owners are very friendly and obliging and the rooms clean, tidy and large enough. It was really good having a microwave and fridge. This was our third visit to San Francisco but the first time we have stayed at Nob Hill Motor Inn. We would definitely return.	
Oct 12 2004	Very nice place to stay in San Francisco	My husband and I really enjoyed our stay at the Nob Hill Motor Inn. They have nice rooms with comfortable beds/pillows. It was really convenient to walk most anywhere right from the hotel. We would highly recommend the Nob Hill.	
Sep 27 2004	Good area to stay	We stayed here for 3 nights at the end of our trip to SF. I found the desk staff to be helpful - they arranged for our room to be ready early and pointed out other places of interest we may have missed.The room was one of the smallest I believe - which was my fault as I only booked for 1 person instead of 2 but was still adequate. The fridge/microwave thing is a great idea - I missed my cereal and tea in a morning [we didnt bother with the breakfast so I cant comment on that]Location is great - preferred being here to Union Square. Great places to eat, bars and cheaper shopping on Polk Street.What really let it down was the noise from visitors/maids in upstairs rooms - not much hope of sleep after 8am. This was a shame as we were on wind down and I actually looked forward to leaving. Would stay again but contact direct to reserve upstairs room.	
Sep 10 2004	Great Find!	What a great find in a big city. My husband and I stayed 3 nights at the end of August. The room was a nice size and very clean. We felt very safe walking to the Wharf, and the couple blocks to the cable cars. We were given great direction to all the places we wanted to go. The people were very knowledgeable and told us the areas to stay away from, which was very helpful. The free parking is a plus. We will stay here again when visiting this beautiful city.	
Sep 2 2004	Call me a regular	My wife and I have stayed at the Nob Hill at least 7 or 8 times and have never been disappointed. I know the area well enough that I feel like I lived there. It's within walking distance of many cool places. The staff have always been top shelf, the rooms have refrigerators, and parking is included. I always think of the Nob Hill as a much-better-than-average motel for the price of a mediocre one.	
Sep 1 2004	What a great find in a big City!	My husband and I along with our two young sons stayed here for two nights in August 2004 and we will be back again. After searching this site for a month looking for a place to stay on a trip through Northern California, we are glad we took a chance on Nob Hill Motor Inn. Quiet, very clean and spacious room, location and street are very safe and a quick walk to catch a bus or cable car. Excellent local restaurants within walking distance including Ristorante Milano (outstanding Northern Italian food but kids should be on their best behavior) and others around the corner on Polk Street. The managers are so kind and helpful with directions, things to do, places to eat and places to steer clear of...they are truly a San Francisco Treat! Free parking is terrific and you truly do not need you car. Our boys loved catching the bus and cable cars. Pier 39 can get very crowded and I found it very touristy. Blue and Gold Fleet Bay Cruises were a great value if you booked before 12 noon. Book Alcatraz ahead of time-very popular in the summer. A beautiful place to visit just about 16 miles North of the Golden Gate Bridge is Muir Woods National Park. Beautiful, beautiful place with giant Redwoods and excellent trails to hike from easy to difficult. A definite highlight for our family. We will visit again!	
Aug 29 2004	Loved the Location!	We chose to stay at this motel for three days in August based on reviews we read here. Originally we had booked a hotel in the Union Square area, but wanted something in a neighborhood versus downtown. We were not disappointed. We felt very safe and were within walking distance to cable cars and The Wharf (if you don't mind walking a bit uphill). The family suite had plenty of space. It was great having a refrigerator and microwave. The only snag we ran into was that the room we had booked online was double-booked for one night. We were moved to two rooms next door to each other the last night. The owners were really good about moving our things while we were out exploring and charged us the same rate as the family suite (which was cheaper than two separate rooms). My only suggestion if you are booking online, is to call and confirm directly with the motel before arrival to make sure they received your reservation. We would stay here again!	
Aug 13 2004	Excellent Location	My husband &amp; I with our 16-yr old twins stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn for 3 nights in July. Great location for walking through the streets of SF to Fisherman’s Wharf, Chinatown, Union Square &amp; Lombard Street. The owners were extremely helpful in restaurant recommendations and with directions to various venues. The rooms are large and very clean with a good sized fridge &amp; also a microwave &amp; coffee-maker. The parking spaces are quite tight but manageable with outside direction. Would definitely return.	
Aug 10 2004	Great Overall	Well run, mom &amp; pop inn. Excellent location, free parking, quiet room, clean. Lots of amenities; continental breakfast was minimal but otherwise an excellent place to stay in San Francisco!	
Aug 5 2004	Great one night stay	Stayed at the Nob Hill back in December for a one night stay. I was travelling with a rental car, so it was pretty fantastic that they don't charge for parking. The couple that runs the motel were fantastic...very friendly and personeable. They recommended a great local eatery to have breakfast the day I had arrived. As for the room, it was clean if not a bit out of style. Still, the size was nice and it served its purpose. I was in San Fran to see the city and not stay in my room. And the motels central location more then help serve that purpose. Overall, I would stay here again if the prices were reasoneable. In comparison to other hotels in the same area, I had gotten a great deal.	
Aug 2 2004	Great Value and Great Management	We just returned to NE after staying 3 nights at Nob Hill Motor Inn. It is the greatest value in San Francisco. The management was great, within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, and the rooms were very clean. We will certainly stay there again.	
Aug 2 2004	Room bate and switch after arrical	I booked a room with 2 queen beds here on the internet over a month in advance. Upon arrival I was told that the room was only available for the first night but that they would put me in two separate rooms on separate floors one with one full bed and one with a twin bed. As we were traveling with our two teen sons this was not a reasonable option, they both would not fit in a twin bed nor were we comfortable with separate floors. The owners insist on blaming the internet provider saying that the providers oversell the rooms. Even backing it up with horror stories of several times people came in from overseas with 2 week reservations that they had to turn away. I have booked rooms though the internet multiple times and never had this problem, all the other motels I stayed at had a block of room available for the internet providers that they would not sell themselves. I believe this motel will sell the rooms that people buy on the internet and trade the internet customers down to their lower end rooms. I didn't mention that the hotels direct quote was 42 dollars higher per night then the prices available on the web at the same time. We cancelled the second night and found another hotel. Needless to say I would never stay there again.	
Jul 25 2004	Pretty good!	The location was great, the rooms clean, the staff friendly and helpful, the price good (found a great rate through AAA website). We enjoyed the family suite and it was great having plenty of space (for 4 people including 2 teens) to relax when we weren't out touring. But, our first room was a little odorous, the free breakfast left much to be desired (instant coffee-horrors!), and there was mold in the bathtub. But, there is a Happy Donut on the corner and the trolley stop was just a couple of blocks up Pacific. Great having free parking, too!Driving around San Fran, by the way, is easy, as is using the public transportation. Recommendations on eateries: For a quickie, fairly inexpensive meal, try Lori's Diners, located in Union Sq and Ghiradelli Sq. Good Italian, try Ciapinnos in Fisherman's Wharf.We had a wonderful visit...it's a beautiful city! Also visited Mendocino and the North Coast...so awesome!	
Jul 10 2004	Highly Recommend Nob Hill Motor Lodge	Can't say enough, great location, very helpful and friendly staff, free parking, rooms are very clean, like new, have everything you could possibly need. Stayed 2 nights, would highly recommend to anyone. Will stay there again if we ever go back.	
Jun 28 2004	What a gem!	We had read such good things about this hotel on Trip Advisor, and we were not disappointed. We got a corner room on the top floor, and it was GREAT! The room was huge, spotlessly clean, very comfortable bed. Great view of the city. We were totally happy with the Nob Hill Motor Inn. Frank &amp; Judy were so nice, and very helpful with directions, restaurants, and suggestions to make our first trip to the city more enjoyable. And you cannot beat the price in San Francisco.We loved our stay, and will definitely be back.	
Jun 25 2004	Best deal in Frisco	We stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn on the 16th, 17th and 18th of June and can't say enough good things about this motel. The location is perfect, the room was clean and comfortable, free parking, continental breakfast and a very helpful and FRIENDLY staff. Thanks Frank and Judy for making this a memorable vacation. 	
Jun 14 2004	Hidden Jewel	Convenient loc, clean, safe rooms &amp; very affordable. Very helpful staff (great restaurant recommendations). The free parking, fridge &amp; microwave were bonuses too. We would stay there again!	
Jun 3 2004	clean affordable SF	The Nob Hill Motor Inn is an exceptional choice for clean, affordable lodging in S.F. Free Parking is an added bonus. The room my wife and I stayed in was very clean and everything looked brand new. The location wasn't the greatest, but the Hyde-Powell cable car to the Wharf and Union Sq. was a short 2 block walk away. If you like walking , Fisherman's Wharf was about a 20 minute walk (all downhill). In room coffee and a modest bkfst of donuts and muffins and juice was ok, and there are plenty of breakfast spots (Starbucks + bagel shops) within a 5 minute walk.Frank (the owner) was extremely helpful in pointing out sites to see and areas to avoid.If you want to pay $150 plus per night for a stay in SF, don't stay here. But if you want a veryclean, affordable, friendly place to sleep - this is it!	
May 8 2004	Great Service	Frank and Judy were just adorable. They were so knowledgable and helpful. They gave us valuable, practical information. The room was clean and everything worked. We did not hear traffic noise or other guests comings and goings. I highly recommend this establishment.	
May 8 2004	A pleasant and comfortable stay at the Nob Hill Motor Inn	My wife and I went to San Francisco for the weekend and Nob Hill was a great choice to stay. The friendly staff made us feel comfortable and they were very accomidating to our needs. Our room was very clean and spacious. The location of the hotel was perfect. In walking distance of many great attractions in San Francisco. We enjoyed our stay very much and recommend the Nob Hill Motor Inn to anyone that wants to experience an enjoyable stay in San Francisco.	
May 4 2004	Great stay at the Knob Hill Motor Inn	My friend and I stayed at the Knob Hill Motor Inn. The husband and wife management team really took care of us. As soon as we arrived we were given a map and information of things to see and how to get there, since we didn't have a car. The room was very comfortable and clean. There were pastries in the morning and coffee/tea all day and night. This is a very inexpensive motel in a great area and we were treated like we were part of the family. I would definitely recommend it!	
May 3 2004	Perfect for me and my family!	We spent 4 nights at the Nob Hill Motor Inn in a family room that contained 1 king bed and 2 queen beds (2 rooms suite). There was plenty of room for our family of 2 adults and 2 teens. The furniture and carpet was brand new - the whole place looked recently remodeled. Our room was surprisingly quiet, although we were in a very central location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. It really helped the kids had their own TV and phone line in the family room - my husband and I kept an eye on them yet didn't have to watch MTV the whole time! : )	
May 3 2004	Spotlessly Clean Safe 	Found this small hotel on the internet, read the reviews and now following up to confirm that we were not dissapointed! The rooms are spotlessly clean and well proportioned with fridge, microwave, coffee maker etc. Parking was always available although spaces are narrow. Very helpful and friendly management with a real dedication to their work. The area is safe with many places to eat (many of which we sampled)! We fell in love with San Francisco and plan to return - this hotel will be our choice again.	
Apr 26 2004	Great time in San Francisco	My stay at the Nob Hill Motor Inn was a great one from the time I arrived and the time I left. The rooms are very big and very very clean. The people that run this hotel really take care of it. They really helped us out with places to visit and eat. The location is just great which is only a half of a block from Polk Street that has lots of places to eat and shop. It is a great place to stay as you can just leave your vehicle and just take the bus and or cable car as they are walking distance to get. The breakfast was pretty good. I would like to tell others that might be thinking about this hotel is that it is in a great location, the workers are friendly and just a great hotel to stay at.	
Apr 25 2004	Friendly and welcoming	Good location, with trolley car stop only a block away, very friendly hosts who enhanced our stay with many tips on things to do.	
Apr 24 2004	Comfortable Clean Safe Friendly Hotel!	The Staff at this hotel are the nicest people you'll ever meet. They have been working at this hotel for years and know everything about the neighborhood (which by the way is safe, close to the cable car line and a lot of good places to eat). Our room looked like it had just been remodeled - everything was new, spotless and smelt fresh. I chose this hotel because of the location and it's free parking but it really does have a lot more going for it! If you want a comfortable clean safe friendly hotel - stay here!	
Apr 20 2004	Very Very Happy.	My husband and I drive down to San Francisco 7 or 8 times a year to watch the 49ers -- Normally we stay at a big name hotel with expensive parking etc but this time, we decided to flip through our AAA book and called the Nob Hill Motor Inn because of their free parking. We couldn't have been HAPPIER. The managers at the Inn were very helpful, the parking was free and our room was much bigger than the expensive place with some nice extras like a fridge and really comfy beds!! Recommend this place highly to all of our friends --We have found our hotel in San Fran!	
Apr 17 2004	BEST for the price and great all around. A+++Worth it !!!	Read all the reviews before finding a room and I'm glad I didn't listen to idiots who judge a place for the complimentary breakfast, rather than the important factors such as quality for the price, location, service and hospitality. Been in many hotels and motels in SF and I highly recommend this place. The owners are really nice and will get out of their way to make things smooth. It was a very busy week there and they didn't have to squeeze me in and they did, they even without me asking for one, threw in a extra bed for my 2 little boys. All this for under $84. I am sure I could've gotten a lower price if I booked in advance with Orbitz, but it didn't matter because they were worth it. I would rather stay here and pay up to $150 than at other places with &quot;breakfast buffets&quot;. Most important thing to look for if you want to stay on your budget is cleanliness, great service, nice spacious rooms, Free Parking, centrally located, pretty quiet and very safe. It is definatley a place I will stay again and trust me, if you don't want to spend too much this is the best. I was very surprised.	
Apr 2 2004	An unbeatable value for San Francisco	I've been going to San Francisco on and off for over 20 years and I always try to stay here if its available. You can't beat this place for location, large size of rooms, excellent bathrooms, quiet, free parking (try to find that in any other San Francisco hotel) and cleanliness of this hotel. All this at a very, very reasonable rate for any big city hotel. Is it the Four Seasons or the Hyatt? Of course not. Is it a B&amp;B that provides a great breakfast? No. It is however probably the best low priced big city hotel that I've ever stayed in. The staff IS very friendly and have provided lots of little extras in the rooms that many hotels forget, like hooks and EXTRA towel racks in the bathrooms, refridgerators, and microwaves. The Tai Chi restaurant 1/2 block away on Polk is a good place for lunch or dinner, and the Bolangiere farther away no Polk is great for breakfast. Believe me, this is THE place to stay in San Francisco if you're on a budget.	
Mar 30 2004	Hard to Rate	Neighborhood was safe and clean. Centrally located and an easy walk to the wharf. I asked the maid not to enter our room and put the dnd sign out but she did anyway. She took my sheet towel. I was very upset and told the manager who dismissed the incident as MY fault because the maid can't understand english! She should at least be taught a FEW words. The manager said she couldn't because she did not speak spanish! We paid full price and I thought that the least she could have done was give us 10% off as a gesture. Breakfast is a joke. Nutrigrain bars and plastic wrapped danish. Fruit would be nice for the price!	
Mar 25 2004	Breakfast was a joke	The room we were given was at the front of the hotel and we did not sleep all night long because of the traffic noise.The next morning we went looking for the &quot;breakfast included&quot; and found a sorry-looking plate on the front desk with a couple of Nutrigrain bars and plastic-wrapped Danish, an instant coffee flask and some hot water. Not my idea of breakfastespecially as we had stayed the night before at a Residence Inn in S. San Francisco where there was a full range of food choices.I was not impressed, would not stay there again and feel there are better choices than this hotel for a similar price.	
Mar 7 2004	A nice little place to spend your time in San Francisco!	We stayed in this hotel for two nights, in the family suite. The beds were very comfortable, and the room spacious. The owners were helpful in providing us with a map and short explanation of the area. The only two small things wrong with this hotel were the parking spaces (which were narrow) and the &quot;breakfast&quot; which was almost non-existant!!!! But, above all, a good, comfortable stay	
Mar 4 2004	Nob Hill was central and quiet.	We stayed at Nob Hill Motor Inn for 4 nights, and really enjoyed the place. Complementary hot cocoa, coffee, and bear-claws in the morning helped us save, as well as the free parking. Our room was clean and quiet. We walked to Fishermans Wharf, China Town, and Union Square from this central location. You do need to be in good shape to handle the hills, but the walks don't take too long. Nice staff too!	
Jan 31 2004	Exceptional Value	After days of reviewing accommodations on the internet, I finally made reservations at Nob Hill. We were moving my daughter to college and did not want to spend outrageously. Nob Hill has good prices and was a wonderful place to stay. The room and bathroom were big, clean and there was a microwave and refrigerator. Miss Hiten at the front desk went out of her way to make us feel comfortable. She gave us a map, indicated all the sites we might want to see, told us which ones were walking distance and where we could catch public transportation. I requested a room on the top floor to keep down the noise and it was great. I have only been to SF once before and stayed at the Ramada Downtown for the same money. It was in a bad part of town and I was not impressed with the hotel. Nob Hill Motor Inn rates the best in our book and we plan on staying there on future trips to SF.	
Jan 23 2004	Wonderful place to rest in the city!	In a nutshell, the holidays were here and I was faced with the prospect of finding affordable accomodations for four adults ... needless to say I was not looking forward to my search after some initial searching! After a few hours, I wished there were cheaper places in downtown SF. I stumbled across this motor inn that seemed to have to have some pretty good reviews. I gave them a call and found a solution that fit our needs. Upon arrival, we were extremely pleased. My boyfriend and I had a large room with a king bed, a pullout sofa, small kitchen with microwave, mini-fridge, coffee maker (or cocoa if that is what you fancied), and a heating/air con unit. Our friends had an adjoining room with two queen beds also with a heating/air con unit. There was an iron and board also with a nicely appointed bathroom (good hot shower and plenty of extra towels.)Perks:1. Free parking - there were other places in SF under consideration until I learned about the nightly fee. Our Ford Escape rental fit snugly but to be honest, some of the spaces were a bit narrow on the nights that we got in late. We learned if there is a full house, they will park your car for you and move it accordingly if necessary.2. Free continental breakfast - translates to free coffee, cocoa, Tang, danishes (cheese, fruit or cinnamon). Nothing fancy but a nice a.m. snack to get you going.3. Free wireless Internet in our room. I believe they were making it available throughout so check before you making reservations if this is really important to you. There may be a deposit for the wireless card but I am unsure because we have an AirPort card in our laptop.4. Color television with HBO + basic cable. Our room and the adjoining one had a television for convenience. 5. The entire hotel is 100% non-smoking. There is a small area in the courtyard for smokers because there are notices posted prohibited smoking on the walkways between rooms.6. Frank and Judy. They are the managers of the property and they were some of the nicest people we ever met in the hospitality industry. Alex was also helpful in answering our questions so during our stay we had no difficulties with any of the desk staff. Off the top of my head, I can only think of one drawback.Unless you have the top floor, we noticed mid-stay that we could really hear the family above us. We had second floor accomodations so next time, we will definitely request the uppermost floor.Other than that, this place is a good value for the money. It is clean, safe, and the price is definitely right for long term stay in SF. It is not the top of accomodations but after all, do you plan to spend all day and night there? No. One's hotel room is a place to shower and sleep til your next day of fun in whatever city.	
Jan 19 2004	Great place to stay	My wife and I just got back from celebrating our 10th anniversary in S.F. Which is where we spent our honeymoon. I found out about the Nob Hill Motor Inn from different websites Travelocity, Expedia etc...I started reading the reviews and all looked positive. I booked our room and I got a fantastic price. Then I started to see some not so good reviews. I started to worry if I made the right decision. Then the 12/29/03 review of the motel put my mind at ease. One of the things I didn't do is request a room on the top floor. Lets face it, when you put requests like that in one of the chain hotels' reservations, chances are it doesn't make a difference. So being a week before our arrival I called directly and spoke to Judy to confirm our reservation and to request a top floor room. She said it wasn't noted on the reservation but she said it wasn't a problem. She also said that she does pay attention to special requests made on bookings that are made. So don't be afraid to ask. I ended up talking to her for about 10 minutes about the weather and other things and mentioned my wife and I were spending our 10th anniversary there. When we arrived at the motel, I was pleasantly surprised with the setup. There are 2 floors of rooms with parking below. The parking spots are small but if you've been in any garages in the S.F. area they are all small. Compact cars are not a problem, but I rented a 4WD SUV because we were going to the mountains and it is a challenge. The parking is free which is a big plus being garages charge you rediculous rates but that's for another review.When we walked in the office for our reservation I gave my last name and Judy immediately said to me &quot;You're here for your 10th anniversary.&quot; That impressed me because I mentioned it in passing to her when I called a week earlier and she remembered that.Our room was huge! I requested a King size bed which I got. But the room was well furnished with tables, chairs and an armoir. A microwave and fridge which was also in the room came in handy for our leftovers. The tiled bathroom was nicely decorated with a &quot;real&quot; tub and shower with shower doors. Not those prefab deals you get in some hotel chains. The water was powerful and HOT!!! Which was nice after being in the cool S.F. weather. The only thing I didn't like was that the complimentary soap was too small and dissolved quickly. I would recommend bringing your own bar of soap if you are staying for a while. But that complaint is a stretch. The room also included an Iron, Ironing board and hairdryer which are amenities you sometimes don't find in small motels. The other reviews talked about noise and there is no doubt you here everything. But that's not the hotels fault. If people were a little more courteous It wouldn't be a problem. Slamming doors isn't necessary. Since there is no smoking in the rooms, people would congregate outside at all hours and talk...LOUDLY!!! There should be a sign designating a &quot;quiet time&quot; so that way people can come back to the room from a day of activities and relax.Frank &amp; Judy are too of the nicest people you'll want to meet. When we arrived they gave us directions to the major attractions in the area and also explained that tours can be arranged for you by them. Since we've been here before we knew our way around. They recommended a great Chinese restaurant on Polk Street right around the corner from the motel. The food was great. They ended up going out of town halfway through our stay but the couple that was there was just as nice and friendly. The continental breakfast are danishes bought in Bulk from Costco, Sam Club type places but we would go and grab a bite to eat at a diner before starting our day. In conclusion, I have found the place I will stay everytime I'm in S.F. It was a clean safe room with nice bathroom which is important to my wife and I. This isn't the Westin St Francis, so if you're the type of person that stays in fancy hotels or even selected Hotel chains this won't be the place for you. If you are on a budget and looking for a motel with great location and access to all transportation and attractions this is the place to stay.	
Dec 29 2003 	Great little find	Okay. Here's the deal. Enough of the froo-frooness of some of these reviews and the sheer audacity of others.Cut to the chase: CALL BEFORE YOU COME to notify them you are coming in late or that you WANT THE ROOM ON THE SECOND FLOOR (you are adults and should be doing this anyway before you visit a hotel to make sure they even have your reservations.)-Politely ask for a room on the top floor- minimizing overhead foot traffic.-the contintental breakfast is a &quot;Sam's Club&quot; danish and some juice/coffee/hot cocoa. So what. it's not as though you're paying $200 a night for this place. it's a mom and pop thing (when they are there- that's later) they aren't chargin' for parking, so take that money and have a nice breakfast down the street.-the parking spots are narrow. however, when we were there and every room was filled, and people couldn't park right, we were allowed to park in one of two handicapped spots. there are more spots than rooms. they can also make a phone call to have someone come and re-park their car, if you ask nice.-Because the photos don't show it, what this place is is, well picture an three layered oval (uncovered in the middle) (like a doughnut) the top two layers are rooms. the doors open up into the middle. the lowest level is where you park. so, if an idiot sets off his car alarm or some parents don't teach their children to respect hotels and use their &quot;inside&quot; voice, yes you can hear stuff. but i don't think it is nearly what people are making it out to be.-this hotel is pretty much near everything you want. 2 blocks to the trolley which will take you pretty much everywhere. it will also take you to the bus line for places further out.-the mom and pop who are there most of the time bring in another gentleman when they go away on family business, trips, etc. they are working too and from speaking with them, a heck of a lot. Now, i DO agree with the fact that they know a little bit more about where to eat, thing to do etc. but the young gentleman i just as good.. just give him some idea of what you want. saying &quot;uh, anything&quot; gives no one a chance.- the place is clean as a whistle. the rooms are quite large for those of you toting kids.-the price can't be beat (you've no doubt read about the free parking)-the pizza place down and around the corner rocks.i guess just use a little common courtesy and common sense and you'll probaly see it for the money saving gem it is. you get what you pay for. if you are looking for lux, go somewhere else. if you are looking for clean comfort on a budget-- give this place a try!!	
Nov 26 2003	We'll be back!	We usually stay in Union Square, but not anymore! At this hotel the rooms are much larger, there's free covered parking, very quiet (not on the main street) and it's at half the price of what we would normally pay in Union Square! It really did feel like home staying here, they even gave us chocolates for Halloween! We'll be back!	
Nov 13 2003	Quiet and affordable!	While my sister was undergoing some treatment at a hospital in San Francisco, I stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn. The people there were very friendly and were a big help on recommending affordable places to grab a bite to eat, etc.. since I wasn't really in town as a tourist. As it turns out, it looks as though my sister is going to be fine (thank God) but will require several more 2-3 day visits to SF. I will definitely be staying at the Nob Hill Motor Inn, oh by the way, the best part....FREE PARKING!! I just took the local bus (there is a stop less than a block a way) to the hospital each day. The people in the office recommended that I take the bus and get a three-day bus pass which is what I did and it worked out perfectly!	
Nov 12 2003	Nice place great rate!	My visit to San Francisco was great! I found this hotel on the web and chose it specifically because it had internet access and most smaller hotels don't....I have to keep up with both work and school on the internet while I'm vacationing so this was a definite plus!! The rooms were clean, comfortable and there was even free parking!!! The front desk staff was very helpful and pleasant. I quickly found out how much easier it is to rely on the buses or walking to get around in S.F. The hotel is close to most of the &quot;touristy&quot; attractions and the staff even helped me arrange to take a tour that picked me up right in front of the hotel. I have to come back to S.F. a few times a year for work and I've found a new place to call &quot;home&quot; while I am away!	
Nov 7 2003	Hosts	My recent stay at Nob Hill Motel was riddled with problems, as well. The room was certainly spacious, and clean. And the location is wonderful, as well as the free parking (but, I do agree with the review which stated the spaces are extremely narrow). However, the noise from rooms above is definitely a factor - to the point of not being able to sleep well. And, I experienced the same &quot;cool reception&quot; another review stated. I was terribly disappointed, because when I made my reservation, having spoken with Frank and Judy several times, and from viewing the motel website and other reviews, I expected the same friendly, helpful, accommodating atmosphere during my stay. I found out, as others have, that Frank and Judy are not the owners; that's Mr. Patel. Frank and Judy are the &quot;hosts&quot; and cannot be present at the motel all the time to give their good service. I would suggest, if you would prefer the wonderful treatment received by others via Frank and Judy, you should visit when they are at the motel. When I was in town, to my misfortune they were not. Therefore, the next time I visit San Francisco, I will not be staying at the Nob Hill Motel again.	
Nov 5 2003	Horrible Experience!! Beware	We had read great things about this place. The rooms are large, indeed. But, if you are on the 1st floor, you will hear your neighbors walking around upstairs. Those are the good things, now on to our stay.Our experience before we got there was troubling. We called from Monterey to verify a late check-in. The front desk was rude and said that 'they liked to get some sleep around here, too!!'. We planned on checking in by 10 pm.Upon arrival, the front desk clerk (after 15 silent minutes) said that the room we had reserved (family suite) was not available! Absurd! We tried our best to find out how they had given our room away. We have a family of four and needed the suite. After an hour of tense discussions, we finally were put in a room with two beds and a roll away bed. That sufficed for one night. The clerk then made a concession on the price for the rest of our stay. We were tired and accepted his offer. It seemed reasonable.The next day, the owner called. It impressed me that he cared, until I found out that all he wanted to do was retract the agreement on price that had already been signed and charged. It goes on and on from there. At first he said he would 'honor' the agreement, then he changed his mind later in the day. Our entire stay was marred by the whole mess. More tense moments occurred upon check out. Customer service is not in their vocabulary. $$$$ is.To top if off, they intentionally charged an unauthorized amount on our credit card! This amount was considerably higher than the agreed upon rate.San Francisco has many better alternatives than this!! Hospitality missed the boat here.	
Nov 5 2003	Great Service - Even Better Price	Coming from New York, one thing we are not used to in a major city and at an beautiful motor inn is FREE parking! The Nob Hill Motor Inn had it and we took full advantage. We arrived on November 1st - parked our rental car in a spot close to the elevator and never used it again. There are a ton of nice restaurants close by and the cable car / fisherman's wharf were all within a short walk. The hotel rooms were spotless and we especially enjoyed the in-room microwave/fridge for leftovers. We tried a couple of the &quot;staff recommendations&quot; in their in-room binder and particularly enjoyed Chinese food in Chinatown at Yuet Lee (it's a hole in the wall but fabulous chinese seafood!) -- The staff was very friendly - we exchanged contact info with Frank and Judy (the owners). My husband and I made reservations to return for Christmas -- Our daughter lives nearby and our first grandchild should be gracing us with his/her presence by then! : )	
Oct 30 2003	Great room and location - but cool unfriendly reception	On the whole, this was a very good stay which exceeded our expectations in most areas. The room was large, comfortable and well furnished (though the TV was a bit small). The location was excellent, in a surprisingly quiet area considering the proximity to busy Van Ness Ave. If you don't mind climbing a few hills, it's perfectly feasible to walk to either Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown or Union Square, but otherwise the cable car is only 3 blocks away.The free parking was a major plus - though the spaces are narrow, particularly if you end up close to someone's oversize truck (why do people drive these things in cities?).&quot;Breakfast&quot; is a bit of an exaggeration - some instant coffee and a pastry available on the front desk - though perfectly acceptable given the room price.Biggest gripe was the extraordinarily unfriendly welcome. Maybe we just caught them on a bad day, but the front desk had a serious attitude problem. We were made to feel quite uncomfortable; having travelled halfway across the world to be met with frosty, indifferent, almost suspicious reception staff (who I believe are actually the owners). This let down an otherwise excellent impression.	
Oct 30 2003	Love the spacious rooms	We found this hotel from the internet and decided to stay there after reading good reviews from Tripadvisor. We book a standard room and a junior suite. The rooms are clean and very spacious. We love the microwave ovens in the room because we were travelling with small childeren and the ovens come in handy when we prepared their formula milk.The owners are very friendly and give good tips on where to eat and how to get around the city by public transport. This hotel is really value for money (FREE parking) and my husband intends to stay there again when he is in SF for business.	
Oct 27 2003	Very Nice	I recently stayed at the Nob Hill Motor Inn and what a delight. It's not the Ritz, but for the money in such a good location in San Francisco, you can't beat it. The room was spacious and very clean. The microwave and refrigerator were nice to have. The management went out of their way to be accommodating. The continental breakfast left something to be desired, but given all the other pluses -- you can live with it. Did I mention free parking -- in San Francisco, that's a biggie. P.S. bring your walking shoes -- they don't call it Nob HILL for nothing.	
Oct 6 2003	What a gem!		
Sep 18 2003	great location great management		
Sep 10 2003	Great value		
Sep 2 2003	Good Hotel - Great Value		
Aug 31 2003	Perfect place to stay in SF!		
Aug 23 2003	Beautiful Hotel!		
Apr 29 2003	Great treasure!		
Apr 26 2003	A good value		
Apr 17 2003	Good location great owners!		
Dec 2 2002 	Free Parking / Great Service - Awesome.		
Nov 25 2009 	excellent pas assez connu		
Sep 27 2009 	Excellent !		
Oct 12 2008 	Excelente Estadia !		
Oct 27 2007 	très bon hôtel		
Mar 26 2007 	Sehr schöne Zimmer		
Feb 2 2007	Super hôtel		
Oct 6 2006 	Tolles Motel!!!		
