Jun 24 2009 	Not bad at all	Despite what I read, I booked this hotel because of the free parking and that it seemed to be less far from where I wanted to be. It is true that you can hear your neighbors very well, but as for everything else, it was perfect! The managers (BOTH) were very kind and talked with me for a little bit. The water was just fine, even hot. I checked that to make sure. I heard my neighbors having a muffled conversation at 2am, and could hear every time they opened and closed their door. I had room 104 which is closer to the street and the street noise did not bother any of us one bit. We stayed two nights. I took a walk with my 10 year old in the morning and we walked around and did not have any problems. At night the street seemed to be fine also, but we were not out late anyway. The bathroom is clean, the room is clean. No funny smells, no cigarette smells, nothing. I loved the hotel and would stay there again because I got a great deal!	
Jun 11 2009 	Comfortable Lodging in a Safe Neighborhood	When booking a place in SF it was important to have free parking. This is one of the cheapest motels I could find online. I was a little worried about the neighborhood. However, I felt perfectly safe, even walking Lombard street past midnight. The location is good. It is possible to walk to Fisherman's Warf for sights and resturaunts. One draw back is that there is no night life to speak of in walking distance. It was quick and easy to find after crossing the Golden Gate. Being a bit smaller than average, the room was clean and deffinately worth the cost.	
May 30 2009 	Hot water not	This motel has several pluses: the manager is helpful, the location is within a long walk to Fisherman's Wharf (but there is a bus on Van Ness St. three blocks away), and the parking is free which is no small thing in San Francisco. Another good point... there is a public internet laptop in the check in area which works well, and WiFi. A bid downer for us was the water is lukewarm at best and management stated the owner likes it that way to save burns. I think it's more likely it's lukewarm to save the owner money. The continental breakfast is juice, coffee, apples and a few bananas, and pastries in plastic. There is no common area so breakfast is eaten in your room. Fortunately there are several restaurants open for breakfast within walking distance. Since the motel is on Lombard St. there is a lot of traffic noise during the day. It cuts down at night, but even with &quot;upgraded&quot; windows it still sounds like the ocean is outside your room	
Nov 1 2008 	Great value clean convenient	2nd stay, just one night this time, right on 101, near to Golden Gate Bridge, Crookedest Street, lots of restaurants nearby.50's style motel, two stories,no elevator, rooms are small, ours had two double beds, 10x16ft approx, small bathroom, tv, clock,phone,shutters on windows,no airconditioning, found a box fan in the walkin closet, we needed it to drown out the noise from the very busy Lombard/101 street,not for cool air.Breakfast is muffins,coffee,oj. Owners very nice and helpful. Great rate for location. Free off street parking.	
Mar 28 2008 	Clean and great location	This place has new owners as of just a few months ago and they are very friendly. This place was certainly no luxury hotel however it was clean and at such an awesome price. It is located just a few blocks from the most crooked street in America and a short walk to Fisherman's Warf. The parking here was free. I would for sure stay here again on my next visit to SF, what more could you ask for but a clean room with free parking, in walking distance to many hot spots and at such a great deal.	
Nov 15 2007 	NOT RECOMMENDED for familes with young children	From the first phone call to the property we knew our stay wouldn't be all that great. The person answering didn't sound too friendly; he was gruff, short, and didn't seem to want to talk.We stayed for two nights in room 101: two double beds with a sofa bed. It was on the second floor, above the office, right next to the street. Definitely not a room for light sleepers; expect street noise during early morning rush hour and sunlight filtering through the shutters.The walls are paper thin and floors are, too. Not 30 minutes after we settled into our room we received a call from downstairs to not run across the room, something our two kids (5 &amp; 4) love to do at hotels. We've NEVER received a complaint before and we've stayed in MANY hotels. We could also hear people talking &amp; watching TV next door. And on the morning of our check-out we heard pounding/knocking on the floor, presumeably from the office (no calls this time). Apparently, our infant was being a baby and our children were being kids, either laughing/crying too loudly and/or walking on the floor too hard, if that's possible. The floor creaks in spots even if you walk carefully across!The room itself was shabby with outdated furniture. The beds were fairly comfortable, although the blankets needed changing because of holes. Our kids slept in the sofa bed, which my son thought was broken because it was sinking in the middle and didn't look too comfortable. The carpet was dirty, as testified by my clean white socks. Although we asked for a non-smoking room, I could smell the lingering, musty odor of cigarette smoke. Not good for sensitive people. Also, the bath towels were small, thin, and some were fraying.On the plus side: minimal continental breakfast is included and the room came with a TV, 'fridge, and microwave (which wasn't plugged in and we didn't use). However, there was no temp control in the 'fridge. And since foraging ants were noticed in the bathroom, eating in the room can be risky. Some renovations to the room were noticed: plantation shutters, shower door, bedding, throw pillows.Other than that, the location is great if you're not afraid to walk steep hills or take public transportation. Parking is FREE (a $20/day savings), but spaces are compact and the driveway is one-way with one entrance/exit.Final thought: you get what you pay for. Wished we would've paid more for better customer service and accommodations. We will NOT be coming back to the Town House again.	
Nov 20 2006 	Great Location Great rate Clean room	Very good value for the money. I stayed at this motel for 3 nights. Having lived in San Fran for 7 years in the past, I knew what I was looking for. This Motel while modest in amenities provides great value and location for your money. Included in the price are parking and free wireless internet access.The rooms were small but clean and functional, with iron and ironing board, cable TV and a small fridge.You are within walking distance of the Marina, Ft. Mason, Presidio, Union Street, Golden Gate Bridge, Chrissy Field and a 3 minute bus ride from North Beach and Ghirardelli Square. A 15 minute bus ride from Civic Center BART station (airport connection) and CalTrain station which services towns south of San Francisco to San Jose. Hard to complain when you consider all of the above and how much money you will have left over after staying here to spend on all the good food and wine that can be found about 2 blocks away.	
Nov 3 2006	Noisy - Thin thin walls!	The price and location were great but the walls are paper thing. I am a travelling rep. and stay in a lot of hotels and this place is noisy, noisy, noisy. Light sleepers beware. Other than the noise, the place is clean and does have wireless.	
Jan 4 2006	Good value for money	Not sure what to expect after reading reviews but was pleasantly surprised.For the money (£45) this Motel was a good choice. We stayed here for 2 nights at the end of our holidays and found it to be clean and quiet.The room was not fantastic, with the bathroom being on the small side. Shower only and had to close the bathroom door before you could open the shower door, but no great hardship.The room was clean and the cleaners seem to work all day. Just be sure to ask that they leave enough towels.Free parking but no breakfast.The central location was excellent. Be sure to ask for a room at the back as I think the ones at the front along the main road could be noisy.	
Sep 26 2005	A good night's sleep	We stayed at the Town House for 1 night (a Monday) while on our way to Sonoma. It was clean, and the bed was extremely comfortable. In fact, on a 6-night trip to the CA, this was the most comfy bed of them all. The sides of the window coverings (wooden folding blinds) did not completely block out the light, but that did not bother us- we only noticed after we woke up before daylight (having just arrived from the Eastern Time Zone).We were in a room set back from the road, so traffic noise was not a problem either (plus it was a Monday night).This place is not within walking distance of downtown SanFran, but it has a FREE parking lot on the premises, something we later came to appreciate.We did not have trouble with the management, as someone mentioned here earlier, but the person on duty was certainly less than friendly. We would definitely stay here again if we didn't care about being right downtown.	
Mar 21 2005	Horrible Management	The room was decent yet the management was horrible. We faced discrimination, harrasment, and accusations. They were not cooperative and we had to call in the police to settle the matter. They made up policies, told lies about complaints on our room (which they told the police there were none), and would not give us owner information to complain too. We had no privacy from them and it was a horrible experience that ruined a great day. I would never recommend staying at this establishment.	
Feb 4 2005	Happy with this choice	Good pick for not knowing the area. Very reasonable rates but the extras we got were above and beyond more expensive hotels. FREE PARKING! At least a $20 per day savings and nice free muffin breakfast. The room was cozy and clean, small bathroom w/ shower but were very happy to have own bathroom at the price we paid. Good location. Can get a little noisy. So pick room in back or off street. Would recommend if you are on a budget and have a car- tight parking in lot use your small car not an SUV. Great Coffe cafe right down the block on corner. Safe area. Bus nearby. Close to wharf, well a lonnng walk but driving close. IF walking get a MUNI pass on the bus and your trip will be fun and with in budget.	
Oct 1 2004	No complaints very pleasant	Nice clean motel room, reaonable rate, plenty of parking available and only 5 minutes walk from the bus route to Fishermans Wharfe &amp; Downtown. Simple breakfast served in the reception. Staff were helpful in passing telephone messages on to me. Seemed like a reasonably safe location. About 15 mins walk to Ghirardelli Square.	
Dec 27 2003	Good value and good location	Nice place close to everything with free parking.Take a room as backwards as possible because there'sa lot of traffic even at night on Lombard Street. Rooms are small but kept very well. Staff is friendly and helpful.Parking and continental breakfast included in a very reasonable room rate.Quite a good place to stay in the middle of everything in SF.	
Jul 3 2009 	San Francisco città da viverci		
Mar 24 2009 	Posizione ottima buon rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Dec 30 2008 	Propietari simpaticissimi		
