Oct 8 2009 	Perfect for the price room was quiet and clean and staff was nice.	We usually stay in 4 and 5 star hotels downtown....San Francisco was booked this last weekend and this was our best bet. I was very pleasantly suprised...it was quiet and clean and the staff was super nice....the parking was free and felt very, very safe.....the only drawback was I am sensitive to perfumes and there was a strong 'cleaning product' smell to the room. Other than that it was great for the price....and we might even stay there again!!!	
Sep 23 2009 	I do not care to foster goood feelings between you and Days Inn.	Most Hotels send your confirmation emails or some follow up emails to make sure that the traveler and the hotel are on the same page. I was under the impression that it was just held temporarily and that I would need to call back to get a reservation. I recieved no confirmation information. I got charged 115.49 for a stay that did not happen. I concluded that I did not have a reservation or that it was canceled so i booked a room elsewhere. When I called and asked Andy Suthar about their procedure and how they handle errors and mistakes. WE do not send any follow up emails since that is not our job. I asked for a credit to fix this problem and to help foster good feelings between me the consumer and Days Inn. Andy Suthar said, I don't care.&quot; After reviewing the reviews of this hotel it was a blessing in disguise that we did not stay there and never will. It is too bad that Days Inn will have to suffer just from one rogue operator who geuinely does not care to keep traveling consumers happy. Bye.	
Sep 23 2009 	Alcatraz swim	The hotel staff was kind and friendly. The rooms were small but very well kept and clean. The location was great for shopping, nightlife, swimming and beaching. Great experience.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great Value for the price!	I stayed at Days Inn for the Labor day weekend and I found it to be of great value. I paid $75.00 a night and for that price you can't get a better deal in town. Check in was a breeze and I received no attitude from the front desk during my entire stay. I don't know what the others were complaining about. There was enough parking and the room was clean. The room was also very quiet. I stayed in room 21 which was a non smoking room on the bottom floor toward the back. Breakfast did not have much to offer - pastries, bananas and hot drinks but why complain at this price point? With the money you save on not having to pay for parking, you can walk across the street and go to IHOP, if you want a heartier breakfast. I agree with all the other visitors who said if you want 5 star service and amenities stay in a 5 star hotel! I will definitely rebook at this hotel the next time I'm in town.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great! Very friendly staff good location free parking pet friendly.	After reading all negative reviews I was ready to see horrible place with unfriendly staff. But my experience was completely opposite! I was very surprised to find friendly staff, responsive to our special requests.The place is pet friendly, not easy to find. Free parking is a great, considering street parking is almost impossible to find.The room is small, but clean with plasma TV. Street noise level was not bad at all.Location is great with a lot of great restaurants and businesses. Walking distance to Exploratorium. Short bus ride to Fisherman's Wharf.Bottom line: If you expect to find Ritz Carlton amenities this hotel is not for you. Otherwise its a great inexpensive place to stay.	
Aug 13 2009 	TERRIBLE PLACE---STAY AWAY!!!!!	I have never had a worse experience. This place is just awful. Let me quickly list some of the details:1. They overcharged me. And not just a few dollars. They charged me 20X's the amount they should have. And they did it on two separate cards.2. The place is very noisy. Unless you get a room at the very back, be prepared.3. Some of the outlets didn't work in the room. The refrigerator didn't work. It was dimly lit, probably because it was missing a lamp.4. Linens were filthy---smoke burns in some, stains in others.5. The room stunk. They used some spray to mask a foul odor, and that made the odor only worse. 6. Continental breakfast? Ha!!! Just terrible. Don't touch it.There were other things too, but these are most of the more memorable highlights.BEWARE!!!!!! Not sure why Days Inn hasn't terminated the Patel's franchise.	
Jun 2 2009 	Greatest experience	I was in town for my high school reunion and booked a room at the Days Inn for 1 night while I was in town. I stayed in room 117, very quiet ! especially for a hotel on a busy street. No traffic sounds, no people going up and down the stairs like in some other places I have stayed. The room was very nice and clean. The man at the counter was so sweet and helpful. I paid only $69.99+tax for the room for a sunday night during the Memorial Day weekend. Loved the flat screen TV, the sky light in the bathroom and the PARKING! which is a big hassle in the city. Definetly a place I would stay again.	
Jun 1 2009 	perfect for adventurous young couples (and everyone else!)	The Days Inn on Lombard street is the perfect value hotel for travelers visiting San Francisco. I had a very good experience from a planning perspective; it was easy to find the exact room I needed (we booked a smoking room, something that is difficult to find in the often 100%-smoke-free city) and the price was excellent for us... it was $71.99/night at the end of May, plus free parking! The other hotels we looked at were far more expensive with the added price of mandatory valet parking or no parking at all. So the Days Inn seemed perfect on paper.When we arrived, check-in was easy and stress-free. The room was really nice, especially for the hotel being such a deal on price! We got a king bed. There was plenty of walking space in the room, rather than all the furniture being crammed in like other places we've stayed. The bed was springy and the pillows were soft. The bedspread looked clean and the sheets were clean too. The room was a smoking one but it smelled nice, not musty.We got free Wi-Fi, there was a coffee maker, fridge, and microwave, and a nice flat-screen TV with plenty of channels. The only problems with the room were that the lighting was a little dim (which didn't really bother us) and that the bathroom door didn't close all the way---not a problem for a young couple because privacy isn't really an issue.The hotel is a hearty walking distance from Fisherman's Wharf--I say hearty because you will have to walk up one of the steepest hills in the city! But it was doable. My guy and I walked all the way down to Pier 39, up Columbus Street and back... we are very out of shape so if we can do it so can you! Otherwise, there's lots of great public transportation in the area. Parking seemed to be an issue for a few people. I think there are more rooms than spaces. But we had very good luck and were never wanting for a place to park when we got back from our drives; and it didn't seem to matter what time of day we came back during, there was always at least one spot. We saw two people having to wait, without spots, but the manager seemed eager to solve the problem. It's better if you have a compact car.The street was packed with plenty of eating establishments. There's a liquor store down the way and a Walgreen's. We were only asked for money by two homeless people and they were very polite. It's a safe area. The parking is inside so I knew my car was safe. I would definitely stay again if the prices stay low and I would recommend to family and friends!	
Apr 14 2009 	Hotel just cancelled the booking	Might seem a little strange to write a review for a stay that never happened, but the behavior of the hotel is worth mentioning. I went through and booked a stay via daysinn.com and got a quite good rate. Two days after I just wanted to check some information in my reservation and pulled it up on the daysinn.com website. There it stated: &quot;Your Reservation Has Been Cancelled&quot;. I had gotten no email or notice whatsoever. I called the central reservation line for daysinn.com and they told me that the hotel had cancelled the reservation but the could'n see why so I had to call the hotel, and then the fun began: (In the meantime the rates had gone up...)At first the attendant couldn't find any reservation on the date and name (understandable since it had been cancelled), but he claimed that my booking probably hadn't gone through. I emphasised that I had in front of me a conformation email with a conformation number so it most certainly had gone through. I then quoted the confirmation number, twice, only to get back that &quot;That is not a conformation number, our numbers are different&quot;. I told him to stop making a fool out himself and pull up the reservation, which he finally did. (I really, really hate being lied to...) Then he blamed the computer for giving me an incorrect rate and that no way he could sell me that room for the price in the confirmation email, he could however give me a &quot;special price just for you of $89,99&quot; since my reservation had been cancelled. I said that I wanted him to honor the original agreed upon rate and that I could get cheaper rooms elsewhere. And now for the best part; he started telling me that I couldn't compare his place with the other cheap hotels, he ran a &quot;four star hotel, ocean view, walking distance to almost everything, top-of-the-line&quot; so $89,99 was a fantastic deal. Anybody been here before knows this is complete rubbish....After also being served a lie like &quot;We couldn't send you an cancellation email because we didn't have your email-adress&quot; (Ok, so how could you send me an order confirmation? At least he know admitted that he had cancelled the hotel room...) I basicly just gave up and decided I didn't want to stay there no matter the price.	
Apr 7 2009 	LG Flatscreen Plama TV Rocks	,nice stay, we like room and service was good, enjoyed near by attraction, nice night life, nice restrurants around are, enjoyed free parking ,breakfast, like high def plama tv , love to have bigger breakfast area	
Feb 21 2009 	Rubbish.	pre-booked well in advance and was told on arrival that i hadnt confirmed the booking (which i had) just so he could then charge me more for the room (as it was Fleet week there were very few rooms anywhere). heard the staff do the same to another couple to. avoid at all costs.	
Jan 24 2009 	Expectations exceeded	This motel was a very pleasant surprise and brilliant value - much cheaper than we expected to find in this area of San Francisco.The location is great for visiting the Marina, beach and Presidio on foot.The bed was very comfortable, with good quality linen. The temperature of the room was easy to control, the bathroom was adequately equipped and clean, and there was a large, brand new widescreen tv. The check-in clerk was very friendly and helpful; athough the car park was full when we arrived, he made the effort to ensure we got a space. Although located on a very busy street, the rooms were quiet.Just one reservation - the 'continental breakfast' included in the room rate was self-serve from the reception area and offered only a slightly tired danish pastry and a small selection of fruit, although the coffee was good.	
Dec 30 2008	Terrible experience!!	Having read the recent reviews for this place i cant belive the amount of people that have been lied to by the staff at this Days Inn. After a wonderful experience in another Days inn on our road trip we were delighted to find another that was located pretty close to the Warf. The staff told us we could have the room for three nights and then in the morning said it was no longer available and swore he never said anything about three nights. We had the inconvenience of trying to find an alternative and ended up having to cut our stay in San Fran short as a result. Very rude and abusive staff and the place wasn't great either	
Aug 8 2008	This is a place NOT to stay in SF!	Sometimes when you find a place, a little hole in the wall place, a place you can count on time and time again--it's the right price, located in the right place even includes free parking and free Internet, you take for granted that it will always be this place. But nothing is forever... and once it stops being that place, it's hard for it to ever recover. Because once trust is betrayed there is forever doubt...This is a story of such a place that betrayed our trust. And because they made it so miserable for us, challenging us by saying things like, &quot;tell whoever you want, we never want for business!&quot; we would like to remind people that such betrayers of trust are defiantly out there! They think we the people are powerless against them and their poor service, that we don't have choices, that our voices won't be heard nor our warnings heeded! Full commentary (we even have a PowerPoint to illustrate the point) at irasciblechef dotcom--IrascibleChef	
May 20 2008 	Great Neighborhood	We actually explored the neighborhood a iittle more this visit, and found it to be full of restaurants and markets and movie houses. It was great. And the hotel was fine. It was clean and you could get a free banana and coffee in the morning. I had enough towels, and they gave you shampoo and lotion. I didn't have much interaction with the staff, but the front desk was helpful when I needed them to be. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Mar 7 2008 	A bit out of the way.	We stayed only one night at this motel and it was quite ok. The room was small, but clean and the staff was friendly and helpful.We chose this motel mainly because we needed a place with a parking space. The location is not ideal and we ended up having to take a taxi when going out at night. In retrospect it would probably have been just as easy to find a hotel with a parking space more centrally located and the next time I am in SF I will choose a hotel closer to union square. Like most motel chains the breakfast was poor, but there is an Ihop just across the street so we ate there instead.	
Feb 25 2008	Great Location Good Service Nice Room	All the bad reviews that this place has been given did not deter me from keeping an open mind. My companion and I were comfortable, treated fairly and cordially, I made several requests that were attended to immediately with kindness and overall, it was a very very good stay in a convenient location. Go in with an open mind and gentle heart and you will be treated well, and enjoy your stay at this location. We paid $70 and I didn't bother to check for lower rates but at San Francisco prices I think it was a good value.	
Feb 1 2008 	Worst Experience Ever	After having a satisfactory experience with the Day's Inn on our road trip, we had the misfortune of staying one night at this location. The location is definitely not to acceptable standards. It was dirty, old, moldy and in poor repair. The attendant was rude, lied to us and unpleasant in his demeanor. I would not recomend this location to anyone. I have also advised the Day's Inn Head Office people of our experience and I would advise other travellers to do the same.	
Nov 25 2007 	The worst experience ever	We booked through Days Inn directly, and for a good rate, pre-paid with a no cancellation policy. The experience was the worst in our 30 years of traveling. We were lied to, the place was filthy, my wife was called a &quot;whore.&quot; We had been regular customers at another Days Inn in the city with generally good treatment, but this particular place is unique --in the world. We complained to the company; it referred us to the motel directly; we got in contact with it; it bumped us back to the company. And so forth. Avoid at all cost.	
Nov 9 2007 	Excellent Location	There are a lot of complaints about this hotel in Trip Advisor Reviews and as a result we were very nervous about staying here. We found the reception staff very pleasant and helpful. They had our reservation at the price we expected and when we wanted to book again at the end of our stay in the USA they were very obliging.Whilst the hotel is undoubtedly quite old, with paint peeling off the walls in some areas, the room was clean and more than adequate for our family.The breakfast advertised was disappointing and you should not make your choice based on this inclusion. However, excellent restaurants are located only a very short walk away. There are also small grocery stores around where it is possible to buy breakfast cereals etc.Overall a good choice for the budget minded traveller wanting a hotel in an excellent location. This hotel does not deserve all the bad press.	
Oct 23 2007	This motel gives Days Inn a bad name	Pretty much the same horrible experience as other guests. The manager lied about our confirmation. He was rude. And yes, the poor service, we also had to get our rollaway bed. Rooms were dirty. The front desk area smelled. All in all, it was one of the worst lodging experience in my 30 years of travelling. Wish I had read the reviews before booking. Days Inn franchises their hotels/motels to private parties, so there is no quality control. I will also avoid staying at Days Inn.	
Sep 24 2007 	Bad smell old torn furniture unfriendly personnel - why stay there?	I have not much to add to the reviews you can read below. I can confirm the bad reviews entirely. It started with a completely ignorant hotel manager.I had a reservation for a king, he gave us a double queen with the remark that the 2nd bed was free. What a [--].If you want to share a bed with your girlfriend a double queen is not the same as a king. Anyways prices for both any of those two arrangements are mostly the same wherever you go. This guy thinks he is funny. The room was equipped with old torn furniture, old mattresses and there was an intense bad smell in this hot steamy room.We decided not to stay there and pay anyways (advance rate, not refund).Worst experience on a 3 week trip through CA, AZ,NV.The Days Inn on Sloat is a lot better. We stayed there 5 nights.	
Aug 17 2007 	Very bad experience	We reserved two rooms with two beds. The owner told us we only booked room with one bed. It is impossible. I booked with my colleague together. He did not tell the truth! We have to get another bed from storage room ourselves. Room not clean and bad smell.Never book Days Inn anymore!	
Aug 17 2007 	Scam - Beware!	At checkin they refused to honor my confirmed reservation (via email), saying they were booked solid. I did not receive notification that it was bad before I got there. After looking the place over and seeing the street noise and quality of the building, I was relieved, even though put out at suddenly not having a room. They sent me down the street to an Econo-Inn that was worse, at a significant upcharge. Days Inn customer support put me on perpetual hold - I never got through.	
Jun 19 2007 	Not so bad but...	We chose the Days Inn, Lombard Street for several reasons. Firstly we have stayed at Days Inn in different cities and it always seemed to be the best value for money (Cheap, clean, sometimes pool and full continental breakfast included)Second, the situation on Lombard street seemed quite centraland third, the parking was free.However, the rooms were slightly smaller and shabbier than on earlier occasions. There is no pool. The parking is free but very small and tight. The distance from the hotel to Fisherman's Wharf is actually very far. It can be walked but too far for us. There is no direct bus to the Wharf, so we took two busses.(For the evening, there are a lot of restaurants at the Wharf that, if you eat there, you get 3 hours free parking right at the waterside (eg. Pier 39 parking lot) )The breakfast was here only bearbites (pastries) and tea/coffee, nothing else.The worst thing was the smell of Indian cooking all day long at the reception area. The management (doing the cooking) was not very professional. Tried to help us with a room change but ended up making quite a mix up, even giving us the wrong room key which gave us access to someone else's room where we could have stolen anything we wanted. And on the second morning, we wanted to make an early getaway but the reception and breakfast area didn't open until 8am although it was supposed to open at 7am. A sleepy receptionist (owner?) let us in saying that it was normal because they didn't open until 7:30am!All in all, budget minded people will have an enjoyable stay here, but the mangagement should get a serious shaking up by &quot;Days Inn&quot;	
Feb 16 2007 	They were wonderful!	I booked another motel on line for Christmas week. It was terrible, so I started looking around and found the Days Inn about 2 blocks away. They were so nice! Even arranged for me to check in at 11:00 AM after my one nights stay at the other place. The room was large, clean, and the staff went out of their way to be helpful. When I went next door at ask a question of one of the maids, I found her on her hands and knees vacuuming under the bed. That is going the extra mile! Manger explained the bus routes for me, drew me a map, and even gave me his cell number if I were to get lost. I WILL certainly go back there.	
Oct 17 2006 	New owners doing their best to run service into the ground	The person I stayed with here has been staying here for a dozen years at least. It's perfect for coming up from the South Bay and dining around this amazing neighborhood for the weekend.However, the ownership changed three months ago, and after our first night with the new people, we will never go back. They are rude, combative, and let the cleaning staff steal whatever is left behind. I went back for something and was actually told that there was nothing they could do if the cleaning staff had been by. Of course, my item was missing and the owner just shrugged.Our toilet didn't flush, our door didn't lock, and our things were stolen. All of these things were our fault according to the management. They told us to come get a plunger, just shut the door tightly, and tough luck for leaving anything behind.When we said we'd be writing a review on my site, he said go ahead. He didn't care that he'd lose loyal customers because, &quot;We never lack business.&quot;Read the entire review on[--]	
Oct 14 2006 	dirty moldy room free parking great location	The room was gross with alot of street noise, but its cheap and parking was free. Its also within walking distance to fishermen's wharf etc. so if you just need a place to crash its ok. The hallways are outdoors and are cat-walk like, so expect noise when others walk by.	
Jan 6 2006	Will never stay at Days Inn	I never actually stayed at this hotel, but I must let others know about my unfortunate experience with this specific hotel for future reference. I made a reservation to stay at this hotel with my travel agency, AAA. I cancelled the reservation four days in advance and was given a cancellation #. While I was in SF on my trip (and staying in another hotel) this Days Inn held money on my account because they claimed that I did not cancel the reservation. This money (almost $80) was later taken out of my account by Days Inn. When I provided them with the cancellation number, they claimed I would have to wait until they could investigate it. I must add that the entire process of dealing with the hotel was awful. I dealt the a manager who was very rude named Jack. He told me this was not his problem, never once apologized for the inconvenience of erroneously taking money from me, and hung up on me. My husband had to call him back and talk to him because he was so rude to me. After numerous phone calls to corporate office, I was told I would have to make a claim. I was also informed that since this specific hotel was privately owned, corporate Days Inn couldn't really do much about it. I was then told I would have to wait 10 days to give them time to investigate it. Waited 10 days and was then informed that my travel agency was the guilty party and that they had made a double reservation, which is highly unlikely because I watched the agent make it. So, instead of just reimbursing me money that I was owed for a false charge made by them, they now want to place the blame on AAA. So now AAA is going to reimburse me the money because its easier than dealing with Days Inn. So this unprofessionally run Days Inn gets to keep my money that they wrongfully took from me and that rude manager never gets to learn from his error. No justice. Hopefully this awful experience is useful for someone someday!	
Jul 12 2005	Good location room very musty	This is one of a number of inexpensive hotels/motels in the Marina District of San Francisco. The room I got had a strong mildew odor, could have been either the carpet or the shower area, I forget which. Otherwise the room was OK, not spectacular. On the other hand, the neighborhood is very lively and safe. Lombard St. in this area is a major arterial street, mostly full of fast traffic, fast food and other cheap hotels. But you can walk two blocks north to Chestnut, or a few blocks south to Union and find yourself in a very nice shopping/restaurant area. Access to public transit (Muni and Golden Gate buses) is also very good.	
Nov 24 2003	Would recommend	Stayed here for three nights while exploring San Francisco. While the hotel is not located near any of the major sights (well, the Golden Gate Bridge is a short 10 minute drive away), I enjoyed my stay here. I got an excellent rate of $55.00 a night plus free parking. Since I booked this hotel in advance and knew what the rate was, I was a little worried that it would be a rat trap for being that cheap in San Francisco. As soon as I got into my room (all rooms were outside corriders, which I don't really care for), I checked it over completely to make sure everything was O.K. - no bugs in bed, clean sheets, water was clear, not brown and dirty, and the air conditioning/heat worked. Satisfied that everything was O.K. I unloaded my car and enjoyed staying there the next three nights. I didn't have any problems at all. The area was pretty safe as there were plenty of other hotels and a few restaurants close and the hotel is located off of a major street (Lombard, which is also Highway 101 a major street that cuts through San Francisco). The hotel was pretty far from most attractions, but was along a bus route (though I never used the public transportation in San Francisco so I don't know if it is any good or not). One night after dark I walked back to my hotel from Fisherman's Wharf, thinking that it wasn't that far away, and ended up walking 2 miles! (I drove the same route the next day and clocked it to see exactly how far away it was.) I would definetly stay here again when in San Francisco based on the price and the fact that it wasn't a complete rat trap for that price.	
Jul 1 2003	Horrible	Horrible service, the attendants were rude and unprofessional. When we arrived, they payed little attention and gave us a hard time when we asked for help. We've even said good morning without replies except with cold glances. We were extremely disappointed by the manners of staff and the rooms did not have hot water constantly. I would definetely not recommend staying here.	
Nov 6 2007 	Muy bueno		
Sep 28 2007 	Nie wieder dieses Motel!		
