Jun 12 2009	Better deals must exist in SF	I traveled here a long time ago, but never got around to writing the review. I stayed one night with my dad, because I had SF State orientation the next day. We basically wanted a place just to crash and it was within a day or two of SF Pride (aka like the biggest weekend of the year) and I booked pretty last minute. There wasn't a whole lot that was good at this place. It smelled funny and the elevator was pretty scary. It felt like it was going to break any second. The service was ok and the room was pretty small (I would expect that from a cheap place I guess)The area around the hotel was a little uneasy for a couple blocks. It was before I moved to the city and being a short, young girl, I would have been scared to be alone in the area. There are many budget hotels around, so I would say don't stay here unless you really have to.	
Oct 14 2008 	Never Ever Again	What can I say !!!!As we were travelling from Australia [17 hour flight ] we e mailed the hotel and explained that as we would be travelling for many hours could we please have a quite room away from the noise of the street Well after arriving and getting a cab to the hotel we were told that check in was 4 pm NO EARLIER by a VERY rude lady so we had to walk the streets for 3 hours and then we did eventually get into our room it was right on the street and the noise was terrible ALL night rubbish trucks and delivery trucks all night the air conditioner made more noise than the Plane we flew to the States in.To say the rooms were poor would be VERY kind they were filthy and I feel the Y would be a better standard I do understand it is a budget hotel bit for your own sake spend an extra $20 a night and stay elsewhere DONT EVER STAY HERE I won't ever again As for San Francisco FANTASTIC loverly place to visit and would go back again and again dont miss Alcatraz [ book before you go as you would get there otherwise] and pier 39 is great	
Aug 25 2008 	wish I had found trip advisor before our stay!!	OK...normally when I read these reviews I think that they are harsh but these were dead on! We didn't have the problems with bugs but the rooms were small and the web site is really deceiving! My husband and I took our 12 year old daughter with us and we didn't want her out past dark when we were on the way back from dinner! There are flop houses on one side and a club on the other that played music of course until after 2:00am. My husband and I are smokers and had to hang outside the hotel to smoke and you should have seen all of the drunk underage children spilling out of the club and the freaks coming out of the flop houses! I decided that the smoke was not worth going outside for! The elevator still felt like it was going to drop so we decided to use the stairs where we noticed paint peeling and smelled smoke from the elevator. The staff sat behind a desk with a baseball bat which made us question being there in the first place. If there had not been a no refunds policy we would have left...and don't get me going on the continental breakfast!! NEVER AGAIN!	
Feb 7 2008	Good location Bad cockroach issue	I stayed here with 4 girlfriends while in San Francisco for a conference. We were sightseeing prior to the conference and wanted a well-located, cheap place to stay. We were students so the $100/night split amongst 5 ppl was right up our alley. However, the place was old and rundown, it smelled of old wood (a urine-like smell), and there was an abundance of cockroaches in our room. I'd only seen cockroaches once before in my life and my goodness they were everywhere in our room! We discovered the roaches when we tried to move the two twin beds together the first night to have more sleeping space. As we pulled the nightstand away from the wall, the cockroaches scurried everywhere. We only stayed there two nights and then we were able to check into the conference hotel. For graduate students on a tight budget we made do, but now as a working professional I would never lower myself to stay there again.	
Jul 20 2006	Absolutly the Pits	The Alexander Inn, altough near Union Square, is located among several low rent flop houses. The hotel is in disrepair with wall paper peeling, faded and stained carpets, thread-bare towels, doors that won't close easily and an elevator that feels like its going to fail at anytime. The list can go on and on. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone and I'll never patronize it again. For my money, SF Chinatown feels a lot safer.	
Jun 21 2006	Not a good place to stay	This is, by far, the worst hotel we have stayed in in San Francisco. I would not choose to stay there again. Very noisy, stains on the walls, sheets had bugs in them, dust built up everywhere, mold in the bathroom and that is just to start. The best thing I can say is it is close to Union Square, but I would not suggest walking anywhere from that hotel at night. The &quot;free&quot; breakfast was cold cereal and bagels but you got to get there early because they do not restock the food. What they put out is it and when it is gone it is gone.	
Oct 16 2005	OK for students - NOT for families	We have 3 small children and were looking for a suite in downtown San Francisco, and from the website this hotel looked fine. When we arrived (after getting the bus and a train from the airport to the center of town - very easy and cheap even with 3 kids, a stroller and 2 suitcases), there was a leaflet about the hotel at the Tourist Information Center and it looked great. We walked there (a few blocks, slight hill), and all looked good as we passed a Hilton when we were almost there. All of a sudden the neighborhood started looking really dodgy - adult bookstores, scary characters etc - and there was the Hotel Alexander with a Pakistani restaurant in it. The smell from the restaurant permeated the whole hotel and was especially bad in the elevator. The reception staff was scary (even my husband thought so) and when we got to our suite we were horrified. It was so old and in a very bad state of disrepair. We couldn't even push the stroller in the bedroom it was that small, and the &quot;suite&quot; part meant the smallest room I've ever seen on the other side of the bathroom, with a grotty sofa and TV unit. The electric points were falling off the wall and sparked when we tried to push them back. It was just awful and unsafe - not suitable for young children at all. No cribs either, despite requesting one. That night my husband insisted we got back to the hotel before dark because of the area- and he was right. It was just getting dark when we got there - and I was scared. We slept there that night as we had prepaid on Expedia, but as my husband and I lay there we could feel &quot;things&quot; around our ankles, and I wept as I looked at my kids in the next bed, feeling so bad for making them stay there. We sat and watched various drug-dealer and prostitute types running around the street screaming from the bedroom window in the early hours of the morning. The breakfast was horrid - I would only let the kids eat the cold cereal, nothing else looked sanitary - and I went to brave the front desk. Luckily the man working there was Imran, who was the nicest thing about the whole hotel. He was so kind and helpful, he called Expedia and got us a refund for the remaining nights and let us use the computer to find a better hotel. We ended up staying at the Grosvenor Suites which was great but expensive. We saw lots of other suites which were cheaper and looked great, and not in the bad area. I would recommend staying near Fisherman's Wharf as there is so much to do there - there is hardly anything to do in downtown San Francisco. Plus its really cold!To be fair, Hotel Alexander would be OK for students or those on a budget. The bathroom was surprisingly clean, and I realise that the staff on the front desk have to be that way due to the people wandering round that area at night. The breakfast would be fine for students - they are all are we saw there - we were the only ones with kids - young people with backpacks looked like the only other guests. Also there is a computer for guest use next to front desk.But we won't be going back!	
Jun 3 2005 	Great value at the Alexander Inn	Great value for budget travelers. Convenient location with great breakfast (with egg and bacon). A bit old, but great service. Ice machine didn't work while i stayed though. A suite with separate door entrance is available (shared bathroom).	
