Nov 13 2009	Be Prepared!!	My mother and I stayed here after much research for a decent budget friendly hotel. I have to say the ONLY, and ONLY good thing about Beck's is the location. You are very close to the F-line which brings you to downtown SF and there are some nice places to eat in and around the Castro. I recommend the restaurant directly across the street- they have a great brunch and if you walk down to the corner of Market and Noe there is another awesome restaurant (drawing a blank on the names).Now the negative...we were moved from our first room to another room (due to the window not locking, but I will say they were rather nice about the request to move). However, the next room literally smelt like someone left a cat in it for days and it peed alllll over the room!!! The smell was horrid and it only became worse when we lifted the sheets and blankets to the bed (why, I have no idea!) Anyways we did end up getting moved AGAIN to the 3rd floor in what must have been a &quot;suite&quot;. The final room was much better, no funny smells and much cleaner. So, if you are going to bite the bullet and stay at Beck's for the location (only), all I can recommend is that you REQUEST to stay on the 3rd floor (away from the cats!!!!)	
Nov 3 2009 	Decent rooms and a great location	The rooms at this property were pretty large, although the place is by no means fancy. It has some old school character, however, and the accomodations are fine if you're not looking for more than a decent room. And the view from our window was quite nice. The streetcar stops right outside the door, and the Castro is right around the corner.	
Oct 27 2009 	not glamourous but a great find	my partner and i stayed here last month when we wanted to spend the night in the city. i could see that market might be a bit noisy, but we weren't disturbed by it at all. it's not glamourous, but i would be back again. all the basics were covered.	
Oct 21 2009 	Best Location for Us	Beck's is our choice in San Francisco because it has the very best location. And the fact that the parking is so easy and right outside your door is the other reason we keep coming back. The hotel is small and not fancy, but the rates are not fancy either! We have never been disappointed with Beck's.While you are are in San Francisco, be sure to check out Fillmore Street and all the great little finds in that area. We are a couple of gay guys, so we always spend time in the the Castro. But we also REALLY enjoy tooling around &quot;The Fillmore,&quot; as they call it, to check out the newest restaurants and shops. Fillmore is a long street, so look on the map for the intersection of Fillmore and California, and find the closest parking space. You'll be in the middle of the best area of the street.As for San Francisco, the economy seems to have hit it a bit, with some empty stores around. But mostly it's as fun as it always has been. October weather was just perfect for us!	
Sep 20 2009 	Absolutely average but well located and reasonably priced for San francisco	Well located if you want to be walking distance to castro (gay scene), haight and ashbury, and the mission area. Good public transport just outside the lodge and some really good cafes nearby serving excellent brunches. The room was sold as one of their best, but it was very basic but not visibly dirty. Few strange smells in the corridors, a very dodgy lift and a loud A.C unit were my only gripes. Also, it was obvious that some of the rooms were being visited by escorts, but I didn't have any problem with this as i've seen it happening in much classier joints.	
Sep 13 2009 	Location made it worth it	Stood there for 4 nights. Great location. Couple blocks to castro district (5 minute walk). Pete's coffe shop across the street, clothing store across the street, block away from good restaurants. The Cable Car runs directly in front of the hotel, great for getting to Union Square, and the pier. For the price, I was not expecting much, but it left alot to be desired. The bed was not the most comfortable, but oh well. The shower, uhm, not the nicest. There was chipped paint on the ceiling, and the telivision is super small, and it acted up on the first night. The concierge asked us to look for the technician...Yes he did! But I guess with location, and price, &amp; FREE parking, i forgive them. Overall I would recommend if you are strickly there to be out and about alot....That's what I did. If you are looking to Luxuriate in a hotel room, this is not the one...Look Elsewhere. They say that the cruising is gone. BUT, on the Saturday night that we got there, this man followed me to the hallway of my room, and waited for me to say come on in or something. Kinda scary and nasty (since I am not into that kinda stuff).	
Aug 27 2009 	Better than expected	Great location, clean, easy and convenient. Free WiFi is a great plus. Unfortunately the cruising is gone though.	
Feb 22 2009 	It's a good motel.	This is a 1950s motel. I recommend rooms on the third floor in the middle section. They are quietest from traffic noise. Our room was clean with good maid service. We paid $105 for Saturday night and $95 for Sunday and Monday nights, AAA or Senior rate. We had a refrigerator, coffee maker, ironing board, and fan. Good shower water pressure and nozzle. HOT water! Perfect location for the Castro area. Walk to so many places. Easy trolley ride. BART, too. Free parking! My queen bed was made up using double-size sheets one night and with king-size sheets another. They do not use fitted bottom sheets. Many restaurants in the area.	
Oct 30 2008 	Still a Great Stay	This was my fifth visit to Becks, and after reading the reviews prior to my visit, I was unnecisarily concerned.1) The hotel room was clean, bathroom clean. ( I am not easy to please)2) Staff was friendly, especially front desk Jill, as I checked out earlier than anticipated, w/o a problem a) Room cleaning staff didn't understand english, and gave glaring stares...which I didn't pay attention to, after all this is BECKS.3) The metal gates have curbed the outside cruising, but if you're lucky, they will have hot guest in the rooms on your stay... a)solution: walk down Market and find what you need, and bring them to the room...that's all.4)Internet service(wifi) was awesome, stayed connected 24/7 with few interuptions..4) Easy walk to Castro. 5) Free parking, awesome.(limited though)++this is not a Five Star or Three Diamond property, but a convenient, clean, safe place to stay. It was my first time alone, w/o my partner, and the room served it's purpose.Much to my surprise, all my cruising was done away from BECKS, and it was a great, satisfying trip. **All in all, I would stay again, and again at Becks....as I feel they are still concerned w/pleasing the community.	
Sep 8 2008 	DECENT VALUE IN A GREAT LOCATION	Considering what this place used to be years ago (a drug den)they have vastly improved. It is really nothing more than a &quot;cheap motel&quot; but it was clean and reasonably comfortable. As a lodging provider myself, I would notice anything that affects cleanliness and I could find no problems. The bathroom seemed immaculate and the linens did as well. The beds weren't the most comfortable but they were also not the least comfortable. They do provide a small refrigerator which was an unexpected convenience.We were there during weather that is very hot for San Francisco. Keep in mind that the daytime high during summer is usually in the low 80's but it was pushing 90 while we were there and the typical evening cool-down was non-existent. If I ran a motel in San Francisco, I wouldn't have installed air-conditioning so the fact that there was none at our motel wasn't a huge surprise to me. They did provide box fans which helped somewhat, along with keeping the door open. If you want A/C, you should go someplace more upscale.Keep in mind if you keep your door open, some other guests look at that as an invitation to stop and peek into your room, so don't be surprised. This IS the Castro, after all, and some habits die hard.The location is excellent, provided you wish to spend time in the Castro area. You are only a block and a half from the intersection of Market &amp; Castro, and you can get onto the Muni Metro light rail which will take you into Downtown, Union Square or any place else you might wish to go.Would I stay there again? Probably. I normally prefer a slightly more upscale experience when travelling but I really can't complain about Becks at all.	
Aug 19 2008 	What a let down!!	Friends have been staying at this place for years and you always hear stories about it. It was a major let down for me. The ceilings had chipped paint, the room was dark and ugly, painted in a rust color. The furniture was straight out of the seventies and the television was so small you had to sit 12 inches away to see it. The room had no air conditioner and was extremely hot inside, even though it was rather chilly outdoors. Calls to the front desk went unanswered several times and when we finally got someone on the phone she said she was too busy to answer. It ended up that our heater was broken and was stuck on, but it took close to five hours to get the maintenance person there to make the repair. I will say that the maintenance staff (orlando) was very knowledgeable and helpful. The rest of the staff was just RUDE,The price was rather reasonable and the room is above average size for San Francisco. The location is amazing and you can't beat it.I wouldn't stay there again. The rude staff, dirty, ugly rooms and overall total experience was sad.	
Jul 26 2008 	Be very careful before booking	Use extreme caution before booking here. When I made my reservation by phone, I specifically asked for a quiet room. What I got is what I feared would happen: a room on the first level near Market Street. The conversations of people on the streets, traffic, streetcars, others slamming iron gates to the 2nd and third floors was a shattering noisy nightmare. The room stank, had no air, and it was difficult to breath. Tthe shower was something you would not want to use. I tryed to rest in the room after arrving early afternoon and it was impossible. After dinner, I returned to the room and decided it was not the kind of place I wanted to spend the night. When I announced at the office I would be leaving because the room was noisy, stank, and I couldn't breath, I asked for an adjustment or partial refund, the manager was called by phone (not on location) and my request was denied. It was a blessing in disguise. It was well worth the cost to leave this establishment- never to return.	
Jun 12 2008 	Pros and cons	Pros: clean enough, convenient to street cars and some restaurants, good price for San Francisco, safe area, free parking if you drive.Cons: VERY noisey -- could hear conversations of neighbors -- loud party at 1:00 A.M. Powdered creamer dried up -- we threw it away and got same thing back. No AC -- when we said we were hot the office said they were not turning the pilot lights off yet. There was a box fan in the closet -- that helped with the heat and the noise of the neighbors.	
Mar 31 2008	Beck's offers value and location	My travel partner and I stayed at Beck's March 23-28 2008 and would stay again without hesitation. The staff was available, helpful and very friendly. We had a spacious double room for under $100 a night. The beds were comfortable and clean, with clean and new pillows. There was a refrigerator in the room, ample storage and closet space. While the bathroom was a bit small, it was clean and functional. Fresh linens were provided daily. The deck outside was a nice addition for watching activity on the street. I appreciated the gated stairway for the security and the other guests were friendly. Not that many were around, for they, as we, must have been out enjoying the activity, food and fun in the neighborhood. It is just a few blocks from the heart of Castro. Thanks to Sandra and staff for a very pleasant stay.	
Nov 5 2007 	Clean Good Value For San Francisco	We stayed on the top floor in the back of motel. It was quiet and a nice up dated King Deluxe room nice tilled bathroom with skylight. Good sized room and you can't beat the free parking been to San Fran 5 times will stay at this motel next time also. Some hotels in the same area wanted as much as $38 plus tax a day for parking. Friendly staff and clean up people. And I'm very critical	
Oct 24 2007 	Not worth it anymore	The only possible reason for staying in this hotel is for the cruising. Now that that's gone, it's not worth going back!	
Sep 20 2007 	When you need a bed...and like the location!	Its a motor lodge! Thats seen many, many, a day!If you like the location (convenient to the Castro), cruisy neighbors, its for you. If you like comfy beds and luxury, don't stay there.We just needed one night in a decent, safe, area. This was okay. We were able to park the car, safely, and FOR FREE and get a decent bed, bath, and shower. They were really nice at check-in too.Bare minimum...but necessary.	
Sep 7 2007	Great Location! The gates make me feel safer!	You can't beat the location of Becks, in the heart of gay San Francisco. The price was reasonable considering the pricing of other hotels in the area. Yes, there is a new gate that locks but that keeps someone from off the street from just walking up and breaking into a room. I have stayed here many times and I felt safer with the locked gates. It is true that on the weekend, people staying there are partying and cruising. Its a GAY NEIGHBORHOOD for Christs sake. It has always been like that. Overall, my stay was ok. The couch needed cleaning. There was no airconditioning in the room I stayed in and it happened to be a hot week in SF. The staff werent overly friendly but no real problems. If you want to stay somewhere cheap, in the heart of gay SF, and maybe cruise a little at night, then stay at Becks. Otherwise, stay somewhere else and stop complaining about how bad Becks is. It has always been bad.	
Mar 30 2007	Great if you want to stay in the neighborhood	Do you like to be pampered in a downtown hotel close to Union Square's shops and the cable cars? If yes, the Becks Motor Lodge is not your place. A motel with free parking in the Upper Market area is for those that like to mingle with the locals. Across the street from Peet's Coffee. Take the F line historic trolleys down market street. If you are a budget traveller who like basics only, you might like the Becks.	
Nov 30 2006 	Overall very good experience	I throughly enjoyed by stay at Becks. It's a basic motel, but my room was very comfortable and clean. My room looked like it had just been renovated and was very spacious. The best thing about this motel is it's very close to Castro street. No more than two blocks to the Metro bar and another block to all the other bars in the Castro. If it's convenience you are looking without having to get a cab to the Castro I would recommend Becks. I also took BART from SFO airport to Civic Center station and then connected to the Muni and then its only a two block walk to the motel. I would not have a problem staying here again and would recommend it to others.	
Nov 27 2006 	Great Experience at Becks!	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here---I will book here everytime I come to San Francisco! The people were wonderful, the room was clean and comfortable, and the price was very reasonable. I had a great stay.	
Oct 14 2006	Great location and omni	My wife and I (both seniors) enjoyed the hospitality and friendliness of the staff, and the accomodations were a little more than good, they were clean , comfortable and not priced out of this world. Coming from England where most things are priced high, it was a very pleasent change to stay where one can enjoy ones vacation, and be located more or less in the center of things.This was our second visit to SanFrancisco and won't hopefully be our lastAVERAGE But Most enjoyable	
Oct 11 2006 	Same as always - good location clean safe no frills	Same as always -- I don't get some of the reviews for this motel! It has always been a servicable motel that is no-frills, good location, average service, clean, safe, and near transportation. I certainly don't get the complaints about &quot;it no longer having a bathhouse atmosphere&quot; or &quot;Won't let me go cruising the hallways anymore&quot;...OMG - give me a break. This is a motel, not a bathhouse, and not a cruise-joint...You will have absolutely no problems at this motel. Think highway roadside motel, don't think luxury. I also don't get the complaints about the prices at this motel -- it is consistently at the lower end of the nightly hotel rates in San Francisco, especially given the neighborhood it is in. Go, enjoy.	
Jul 20 2006 	Beck's- No Problems	I have stayed at Beck's many times over the past 15 years and have never had any problems. It is close to the Castro, Muni and SOMA is not far away. I have always felt safe there. Of course, I mind my own business, don't get drunk or use drugs. Yes, guys do &quot;hang-out&quot; and cruise the area. Most of the time the guys are friendly and don't bother you unless you are looking for some action. LuLu, Jill and her daughter work in the front office. They have always been pleasant- LuLu even provided a vase when I got flowers and provided a fan in the Summer months. All of the maids, especially Karen have been great and usually clean the room as soon as possible. This may be due to the fact that I am out of the room at a reasonable time and do not sleep in until 1-2 in the afternoon. Many times I have stayed at Beck's for the Dore and Folsom Street Fairs and have left the room in full (minimal) leather. The maids have been great. I will be staying at Beck's July 26th for the Dore Fair. It will be interesting to see what effect the security gates have on the place! Either way, I will continue to stay at Beck's.	
Jun 28 2006	Beck's was great!	My partner and I stayed at Beck's over the Gay Pride weekend, and we had absolutely no problems what so ever. Beck's is a good hotel in a GREAT location. The Castro is only a few blocks away, which makes it ideal. Granted Beck's is not the Hilton, but for the value and the location, it gets an A in my book.	
Jun 6 2006 	Straight or Gay Stay Away	Contrary to all the reviews that I read, I had no significant problems with the front office staff. Trying to get the maid to provide me with a fan was an immense linguistic difficulty which fortunately came to an end by pointing to a fan in another room and then pointing to myself. The rooms were smelly, the towel bar broken and the lamps not working. The fridge was not working either and had a terrible smell. The ugly gates recently installed have kept the cruising to a minimal. In fact cruising was for many guests one of the main reasons that they stayed at Beck's, now that last motive is gone. The noise eminating from market street was horrible, I woke up each time a street car passed by and virtually had no sleep all night long. Straight or gay, stay away.	
May 22 2006	Bugged at Beck's	The management at Beck's cynically does as little as they can get away with for the comfort of guests. (And this inspite of the fact that the Beck is fairly expensive.) They count on the Castro location to cover every shortcoming. Forget about &quot;smoke-free&quot; rooms--the entire place is saturated with stale smoke. Forget about &quot;amenities.&quot; In my room, the coffeemaker was an absolute hazard. Two of the three lamps were broken, and a towel bar was broken. There's a serious ventilation problem. The bedroom window can be opened only a couple inches. The bathroom is actually more pleasant since it has a small barred window which admits fresh air. Worst of all is a sleazy lockerroom ambiance (and I'm not talking upscale lockerroom here) which is caused by constant aggressive cruising. In fact, the word aggressive hardly covers it. Personally I don't like strangers' faces trying to peer into my (curtained) bedroom window at all hours of the day or night, or drunks shrieking obscenities and having interminable arguments in the middle of the night. The Beck is particularly inappropriate for families, and straight women traveling alone. The Castro district has many charms, including fine restaurants, bookstores and the grand old Castro theater, but next time I'd find a way to enjoy them without staying at Beck's.	
Apr 30 2006	absolutely nothing wrong	Checked in no problem, it's clean, the people were nice. Great water pressure. Absoluletly nothing wrong with Becks.	
Apr 22 2006	Had a great stay at Becks	After reading some of the reviews, we booked a room at Becks for 4 nights over Easter, with a bit of trepidation. The place was wonderful. Right in the heart of Castro. Front desk staff provided maps and were very helpful. Room was spotless and the housekeeping staff were really nice. Unexpected sunshine caused the room to be a bit warm while heating was still on, so Lulu at front desk sent up a fan which solved problem. One night, when we arrived back at 3AM, the night security guy personally directed us to their extra onsite covered parking. The new security gates discourage the &quot;unexpected guest&quot; potential but a bit of encouragement with the guys cruising on Market could easily provide some &quot;ensuite&quot; entertaiment.	
Mar 8 2006	Never stay at Becks	I just checked out of Becks today after a stay of four days. I have never posted a comment before about anywhere I have stayed but I feel I needed to take the time to let others know about how horrible the staff was. Those who are familiar with San Francisco would know Union Square this is where I always stay at the Parc Fifty Five. I am in SF at least 4 times a year. I booked the trip I am speaking of less than 24 hours before leaving. I was just going up for the gay bars this weekend. So I thought I would stay at Becks for the location and the Motel has always had many gay people there. It has probably been there fifty years and has been known that is where gay people stay. To give you my review of the motel I would say I was not expecting much it is just a Motel. But of course one expects to be treated kindly. Lulu should not be working as a Motel Manager she needs to learn alot about customer service. What happened was I checked out of my room today at 12:30 PM. I left my luggage at their check in and I went to lunch. My ride to the airport was at 3:45. So at 3:30 I came back to the Motel and told Lulu I wanted to say goodbye to a friend I had made there. I aksed could you please ring the gate open. By the way the gates were just installed less than 2 weeks ago. For decades you could just walk upstairs and knock on anyones door. Lulu refused to let me in. I only had 15 minutes until my ride and just wanted to say goodbye to my friend. I knew his room and I could point to it from her office. She said she cannot give out a room number. Mind you I also did not just come in off the streets, I was a guest there only two hours ago. Lulu then asked what is his name and I said Bobby. She said there is no Bobby here. She said what is his last name. Of course I did not even know I met him two days ago and went clothes shopping and to had a drink with him. I said do you just want me to call his name from downstairs, he would hear that because it is not a large place. Of course you said you could not do that and I would not have anyways, it would be silly. My point here is she had every opportunity to help me say goodbye to friend that I made. I said come with me, let someone else go with me. I said Lulu could call him etc etc..... She said she was too busy and could not do that. She said this conversation is over. I could not believe this. She works in the Hospitality Industry. I told her she was very rude and left it at that. A few minutes later she said we have a Robert here, I said in English Robert and Bobby are the same. She then said he checked out allready. She was lying to me he was not leaving and his curtains were shut in his room. When you check into your room the curtains are open.   I should have knocked on my friends door before I took my bags downstairs. But when the time was 11:45 the maid was banging on the door and calling on the phone to tell me it is my check out time. I called the front desk asked if I could have a little later checkout. It is Tuesday not busy there. She said you could have until 12:45 otherwise they would be charging a half day. The maid came back and said she goes home at 1. The entire staff in not truthful. My room was never cleaned until after 3 everyday when I was there. I know I have said alot but I do think it is important. I am a avid traveler and when I am with my Parents I stay in rooms that are more than a 1,000 a night. People who work at the higher paying establishments do everything to make a guest happy. My point I am making here is that it should not matter how much you are paying. The people at Becks are in the hospitlity industry and should want to make there guest happy. This experiance would never happen in Italy. They would never let you leave without saying goodbye to a friend.  One more reason I would not stay there is the motel has many drug people there. I do not do drugs and I have never seen so many that do.	
Feb 13 2006	Great Experience	The hotel is not the Hyatt, but I found the service to be excellent. The staff is wonderful and very accomodating. Have stayed there for months previous and will continue to do so as long as things remain as they are curteous and full of smiles.	
Oct 9 2005	Always Stay at Becks	I've stayed at dozens of different hotels in the Bay Area (including all the very expensive 5 stars), but usually stay at the Becks. Why ? you ask after reading some of the reviews. To tackle the good points, the location is brilliant particularly if you want to be near to the Castro area. Everything is outside the door literally. There are dozens of good cafes for breakfast, and even more for lunch / dinner and lots of coffee shops. A lot of these are filled with locals having a slow breakfast reading the paper, and are quite willing to chat. There's a coffee shop / internet cafe directly opposite along with a good bookstore, Tower Records is a few doors up, a large Safeways for groceries down the road, all the bars of Castro surround you, and ground zero of the Castro gay district is an easy 5 minute walk away. As far as transport, there is the Muni underground, plus historic old trams from all over the world that stop outside the hotel and take you in a straight line down Market Street right into the centre of town. What a way to get there ! Here you can do all the touristy things, cable cars, shopping etc, but get away back to a nice area after. The hotel will cost $100 - 130 or so, which is a fraction of those in downtown, but you are so close. Additionally, particularly if you are a gay man, there are plenty of gay tourists staying here that you can hang out with (particularly good if you happen to be passing thru on your own), and of course, some of these can be &quot;more friendly&quot; if you want them to be. Whilst this means that at times, men hang out of the balcony, they are usually very friendly, and lets face it, with the set-up, no-one is going to break into your room with people watching 24/7 (and there is security on at nighttime who challenges outsiders who just walk in). The other big plus is that the hotel has parking. What a god-send. You can zip out for the day and park when u get pack. Most streets around here have cleaning each night between 2am and 6am - which is no good when wanting to park your car to sleep for the night! On the downside, the majority of rooms face the balcony (the definite choice) but only have windows on the front, which means little airflow. The rooms used to smell of gas, but they overcame this by leaving the heating on low all the time. During the height of summer this is just ridiculous as there is no air-con, but at other times of the year (and lets face it, SF is not San Diego when it comes to weather) this doesn't matter at all - particularly in the evenings. The rooms are clean, the carpet can be ratty, but generally are 1 or 2 double beds, cable TV with 80 odd channels, a walk-in wardrobe, and a decent sized bathroom with vanity lights, fan etc. The trams can be a bit of a problem at night at the front if you are a light sleeper, and the wooden construction, means you can hear people walking on the balconies thru small creaks, but this is nothing too major. These small problems aside, I think for a gay man, the location, car parking, companionship of other guests etc. all make it a good choice particularly for the price. I would never recommend this hotel for straight couples or straight businessmen as they might be put off by other guests standing on the balconies (in reality they shouldn't as they pose no harm and in fact are a security feature), however it is not unknown for non-residents to enter and peer in windows with curtains open in the off chance they are invited in for ---. Just ignore them and they move on straight away - this is the Castro after all, and theres a lot more fish in the sea. Would I take my parents here - probably not but possibly due to the location, ease of access and parking. Would I go alone, bring my partner here, or stay here with mates - definitely. Lesbian couples seem to have a good time as well. Open minded straight couples - yes, but the bible-belt non-worldly types might be offended (or be so oblivious to it all, they might miss everything!). I can't see the point of staying here on business, unless you want the Castro for R&amp;R. When I stayed at Becks last week, I met a gay guy with his straight sister who were both enjoying it tremendously - so it really depends on your mindset of whether you want to be in this location with many gay guests or not.	
Oct 5 2005	not what we expected	When we arrived we found our room to be verry stuffy and warm. There was not airconditioning and the windows only opened a few inches. When we talked to the desk clerk, she said that airconditioning was rarely needed in San Francisco. However, she added if this was a problem we certainly could look elsewhere. As she would have no trouble renting it. Since this motel is in the Castro, the clientle seemed to be mostly gay men. On the weekend we were there. They hung over the balconies and drank, smoked, socialized and cruised into the wee hours of the morning. On the plus side, the location was good, our room clean and promptly made up each day. However, I still had the feeling we were staying in a male resort. All that was missing was the hot tub and naughty movie channel. Our one and only visit.	
Sep 16 2005	Becks a great place to stay	I recently stayed at Becks and I love to stay at Becks everytime that I am in San francisco. The price is alittle high but I would not stay anywhere else. The place is real crusiy place but that did not bother me much and the location is great	
May 27 2005	A Beck's view	I stayed at Beck's Motor Lodge because it was in a safe area near Castro and very convenient for public transport into the city centre (I'd heard stories of hotels elsewhere in San Francisco that were located in rough areas and didn't want to risk it). It was expensive for the room and facilities (I paid extra for a room at the back with a king size bed and an air conditioner). A fridge was provided as well as cable television. The room was a reasonable size but basic, clean, with the bed made up and towels replaced everyday. There was a coffee maker and hair dryer in the room. The staff were helpful when asked. The area is safe and convenient for visitors.If you're not gay it is probably a bit too cruisy and upfront (you certainly wouldn't want to leave your door open at night). Not a place for Grandma or a family with kids. The cruising is obvious in the less expensive rooms facing Market Street.If you're gay and single its good fun. I'd stay again if visiting but would try to search for a better deal than I got on the internet with travelhero, perhaps by ringing direct off season?	
May 10 2005	Horrible Service	My partner and I stayed in a suite, which wasn't the greatest, and the service was horrible. The people working at the front desk were mean and rude. I thought that it might just be one person who was having a bad day, but it was every person I came across. I didn't ask for anything out of the ordinary, just questions over the phone when I arrived, but they reacted like they really were inconvenienced if they helped me, so you know how that came across. The last straw was when I asked them to actually do something, which was to fix the fireplace, well they simply wouldn't. At that point I finally got upset over their service and confronted them on it, which is when they were apologetic and accomodating and immediately sent someone to fix the fireplace. So they knew they were in the wrong the whole time, but wasn't going to do anything about it until someone said something.As convenient as they are, I would rather stay somewhere further, than put up w/ them. I've never experienced anything like it before at any place I've stayed.	
Mar 18 2005	Be prepared to be propositioned...	I spent a week at Beck's around the holidays. I like it because it's clean and relatively inexpensive, and I stay there fairly often. It's also one of the few lodging choices in the Castro area of San Francisco. I checked in on a Saturday. The very next day the lock on the room door stopped working, so I went to the desk and explained the problem. The clerk took a while to figure out what to do. Ultimately, she offered to move me to another room. The new room was smaller than the original room but the rate remained the same. I persisted in requesting some compensation for having to move. The clerk appeared somewhat dumbfounded that I would ask. Reluctantly, she took $4 off my room rate each night for the remaining nights. I thought that was fair. Be aware: this motel is a cruisy place for men seeking sex. While walking down the stairs to get ice, I was propositioned by a man who smelled heavily of alcohol. It would be inappropriate to repeat what he said, but it was rather crude. The cruising begins when darkness falls and continues throughout the night. The morning I checked out, I counted no less than 5 men wandering around. So, if you want a clean place to stay in this area of San Francisco and are willing to put up with the cruising that goes on here, this is a nice place to stay. However, I don't think it appropriate for families with children or for adults who are easily shocked.	
Mar 17 2005	Excellent location has a certain 'charm'	I stayed at Beck's in 2004. The location can't be beat, in the heart of the gay district, with lots of bars, restaurants and shops. There is a lot within walking distance. Free parking on site is a great bonus. The staff is friendly. The rooms are adequate but clean. There is a lot of cruising on the premises, but the guys are not aggressive (unless you want them to be)! The rooms can be very warm, so if you leave your window or door open, it can be interpreted that you are looking for company.	
Feb 8 2005	If you're in the Castro this can't be beat	I have stayed at Beck's countless times. Aside from the fact that it's perfectly located within walking distance of Castro Street, all manner of public transportation, great shops and restaurants, and the many bars that the Castro is famous for, it's also a well kept up establishment. Its a MOTEL, people. A Motor Lodge, just as it's called. I, for one, do not spend hours in my room when I'm in SF. There's just too much to do! But it's a great homebase from which to journey out from. As far as the cruising issue goes, the clientele is predominantly gay men, so cruising is a given. And I find that if you don't engage them, no one will engage you. Just mind your business, and basically they'll mind theirs. If you're that sqeamish, maybe you should be thinking about taking your vacation in a different area, because you will be cruised just as much if not more so walking down Market Street!! San Francisco is one of the great walking (and climbing) cities in the world, and Beck's so located that you can head out almost in any direction and find all of the things you have come to the City to find and see. Ignore the naysayers.	
Jan 3 2005 	Great location for gay visitors	I've stayed at Beck's for over 15 years whenever I am in SF. This is a gay-friendly motel in the heart of the Castro. It's clean, well-located and there are plenty of good places to eat and shop within walking distance. Public transit is near so you can just park in their lot and never have to drive while in SF (or get a parking ticket).	
Dec 10 2004	A Castro Tradition!	Beck's is not a fancy hotel, nor does it try to be. It is a motor lodge in the gayest part of a gay city. Expect anything different and you will be disappointed.Pros - Free onsite parking, adjacent to public transportation access, relatively inexpensive, great location.Cons - Few amenities, can be loud, no-frillsAll and all, we love Beck's, and we stay there whenever we are visiting San Francisco.	
Jun 14 2004	I'd send my mother there !	My husband and I stayed at Becks in July 2003. We were there for 4 nights and slept in 4 different rooms so feel I know the layout well!!Great and convenient location. Clean rooms, fans on request, comfortable beds. On one occasion our next door neighbours were fairly noisy but quietened down on request. Staff were friendly and we had a great discussion with an australian gay couple.Well recommended (and I'm english !!) 	
Apr 1 2004	Aussies love Becks	We had many recommendations from friends who had stayed at Becks. Don't expect 5 star luxury, they said, but do expect an INTERESTING experience right at the edge of the wonderful Castro &quot;village&quot;. Most of our 1950-1960 motor lodges in our cities have gone on to become something else. It's only out on the open road that a few still survive in their original form - love it or hate it! To have a Becks located where it is makes a holiday a little bit more INTERESTING - just as our friends said.	
Jul 1 2003	Many drawbacks except location		
Jun 27 2003	Great value although noisy at times		
May 7 2003	would stay again		
Mar 7 2003	Great Bargain		
Mar 1 2003	Becks is what it is		
Feb 27 2003	Keep an open mind.		
Jan 21 2003	It Is What It Is! Location is Everything!		
Nov 30 2002	Convenient No Frills		
Nov 12 2002	Big Fat Liars at Beck's!		
Apr 13 2001	Accommodation 		
Aug 17 2009 	Bon rapport Qualité Prix		
