Oct 18 2009 	Depends on your taste	in my opinion, this place will work for some people and out of the question for others. i thought this place was really great for a night or two. the rooms are really small, but the carpet/furniture/tile in the bathroom had a great '50s san francisco vibe. the bathroom was huge though, almost as big as the room. we had a great bay window overlooking columbus. there was a tiny 13 inch tv which got like 5 channels. i dont really go to other places to watch tv though so i thought it was a plus. wireless was patchy but the guy who runs the place would reset it if you called the front desk. and we had a cup of cherry in the lobby each night. being right in the middle of north beach was a blast. the cafe underneath has great coffee and pastries. the restaurants around there aren't the best, but sitting on the street in this area makes up for the average food. small room was great for a night or two. dont know if i would to do an extended stay though.	
Oct 6 2009 	Very European - Great Location	This hotel is not for everyone, but it was absolutely perfect for us. It is not a typical American Standard Hotel. The halls are narrow, the rooms are on the small side, the showers are small, but close your eyes and you think you are on the left bank in Paris. Walk out the small entry door and you are in the midst of activity and excitement. North Beach is a perfect location for exploration on foot. China town is a few blocks away. Fisherman's Wharf is a 10-minute walk. Cable cars are a few streets over. Tai Chi in the morning? Head over to Washington Square Park just a few blocks away. Beach Blanket Babylon show? Just around the corner. There is great food all within a short stroll from the hotel. If you want to eat at Mama's prepare to stand in line, but it was well worth the wait. We also ate at L'Osteria del forno - an 8-table trattoria - a block away.	
Aug 17 2009 	Wonderful North Beach stay	We traveled to SanFrancisco for a family event but had a day to call our own and reserved a room at Hotel Boheme because of the central location. The parking was just a block away over the police station, $27 for 24 hrs. The hotel is in a wonderful North Beach location on busy Columbus Street with numerous cafes with sidewalk tables. Our room was on the 2nd floor just over the front walk up entrance. It was small, charming, very clean with a sparkling bathroom. The bay windows looked into a wonderful, charming and noisy street. We were advised that it was a room that got lots of street noise but we enjoyed it so much and by the time we settled down to rest about midnite the area quieted down and we rested very well. The hotel staff was welcoming, very informative, wonderfully friendly and attentive. Stan was amazing! We went to a play, Beach Blanket Babelon, that was incredably entertaining and had a great dinner at a great Italian resturant recommended by Stan, who also got us a reservation on a busy Fri nite. Just a block away from this slice of Italy was a wonderful area of Chinatown with great shopping for fresh produce and an amazing aray of goods from China. The bakery next door, Stellas, supplied us with wonderful pastry and coffee both early in the morning and late at night. We caught a double decker city tour bus just two blocks from the hotel for a great trip around Fishermans Wharf and up to Union Square.	
Aug 9 2009 	Embodies San Francisco	We arrived at Hotel Boheme after Vegas. I was expecting a little more of a boutique look in the rooms but they were still very clean and comfortable, if small. We had a room on Columbus Ave and the window didn't quite shut, so had to move to a room at the back after a sleepless night - having just come from the peace of the Bellagio, we didnt' cope with the street noise too well! the front desk was very good about moving us though and we picked another room. Which had a generator running above it.... (cue cotton wool in ears). All that said, it was a great hotel for location - easy walk to Fishermans Wharf (forget Pier 39 unless you have kids, go to Pier 1 - further but a better food experience) and you are bang in the middle of Chinatown and Little Italy. Great restaurants surround you and the seafood down at the square is fabulous - couldn't get enough of the crab (Crab House on Pier 39 has a good combo too).The front desk staff were fabulous and that is what makes the stay: Charles and Stan helped us book baseball tickets, told us where was good to go and where wasn't, and were just ready to give advice and information all day. The hotel has history and It wasn't our first choice hotel but we were pleased with the location and although would probably stay elsewhere next time, think it's a good experience anyway. Things to do: so many! did an excellent Segway tour around North Beach, Marina (fabulous houses and area) and the Museum of Modern Art. Johannes the guide was informative and patient with the group (even those who couldn't follow instruction...) and the machines themselves are great fun. Who cares if you look a nerd. Also we rented bikes from Blazing Saddles and cycled over the Golden Gate bridge to Sausalito, a very pretty town bathed in sunshine - use sunscreen - we didn't! Get the ferry back from Sausalito unless you are fit. We saw a Giants game at the AT&amp;T park which has to be the best location ball park in the US, now in love with baseball. The sunset cruise was also nice although not much of a sunset - the bridge still looked romantic basked in fog! It was a great stay in a great city.	
Aug 1 2009	We spent our 30th Anniversary at Hotel Boheme	Hotel Boheme has got an excellent location in North Beach above Calzones and across from Cafe Puccini. The price was fair, and they even gave us a discount for middle of the week without us asking for this. The room was a little more generic that I would have thought from their website, though it was large and quiet. our only complaint was the shower head was a low (how picky can you get!) The sherry was a definite plus, but we would have liked a continental breakfast. On the very plus side, we discovered Stella Bakery next door, which we really enjoyed. We would recommend it for those looking for a place in the heart of North Beach.	
Jul 28 2009 	Beautiful boutique hotel in San Francisco!	I absolutely love Hotel Boheme, everything about it was perfect, the decor, aesthetic, Jerry Stoll prints adorning the walls, the colors, the friendly/helpful staff. We came here on our honeymoon and stayed in Big Sur and L.A. as well, but Hotel Boheme captured our hearts. I loved our corner view out to Columbus Ave where you could hear the hustle of the city (the noise was never a bother, it gets really quiet during the week at night). If you want something unique, romantic, perfectly located, clean, friendly and with the feel that you're staying in your own place in SF, not some faceless hotel chain, stay at Hotel Boheme, you will not be disappointed!	
Jul 14 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We really enjoyed the hotel. tt was small enough to get some great service. The location was close to North Beach, which was close to the things that we wanted to do. We would stay here again!	
May 27 2009 	great hotel!	I stayed here for 8 nights during a congress in S.F. I've head a great time, also because of this hotel. The staff is very friendly: help you with everything you need, provide information, airline check-inn, wineglasses etc. The location is superb on Columbus Ave. You can have breakfast on the other side of the street at Cafe Greco. And a lot of nice restaurants in the neighbourhood.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great stay	We had a great time at this hotel. We stayed there for 9 nights in March, and found everything to our satisfaction. The place is small, but very nice. The rooms are cozy and clean, and they have a free wireless internet. The staff was most friendly and helpful. Our luggage was delayed, and they did all they could to help us getting necesarry clothes and toiletry, and phonet around to retrieve the cases as quickly as possible.The location is great, there is no restaurant in the hotel, but just outside the door are cafes and good eating places everywhere. We also enjoyed the short walks to Fishermans Warf, The Ferry Building, and through charming Chinatown to Union Square. We loved this place and will be back. The complimentary sherry in the evening is a nice touch.	
Feb 10 2009 	Unique and Wonderful	If you are looking for a boring hotel room and stay, the Boheme is not for you. On the other hand, if you want a little bit of the traditional San Francisco Beat culture and history, you'll love this place and we certainly did. First, the location is the best in North Beach. Boheme is steps away from some of the best restaurants, cafes, coffehouses, and bakeries in San Fran. No need to taxi - just head out the door. Parks are nearby, not to mention the theater experience Beach Blanket Babylon (definately worth seeing), Chinatown, plently of outdoor cafes to take it all in plus you can take a moderate walk and be at the Wharf.The hotel itself is stylishly retro. Room are small but comfortable and best for a couple. If you ask for a room with a view, you can sit at your window table and observe the street scene. Boheme is clean and yes, there are stairs, but nothing impossible. The staff went out of their way to be helpful-they even printed boarding passes when we couldn't. Every request was handled quickly and they are all friendly and welcoming. This is a hotel for people who like new experiences, not sitting around watching TV. We loved it and will absolutely return.	
Nov 25 2008 	Great boutique hotel	We spent three nights at Hotel Boheme in November at the start of our honeymoon. I travel a lot with work and so we wanted something different. The four poster bed was great and although the room was small (even by UK standards), it was clean and full of character. The staff were very friendly and helpful. There were lots of local restaurants, cafes and attractions, including City Lights book store which is a couple of blocks away. If you like the cafe culture of the mediterranean, then I'd recommend this hotel as the atmosphere of the area is very similar.	
Nov 12 2008 	excellent	We stayed here for four nights, when we drew up outside it was just a door way in a busy street but when you get in side its lovely. A lady called kate checked us in and gave all the information we needed, she even one night phoned through a takeaway pizza order for us as our mobile didnt work! Our room was very comfortable with two double beds, tv and shower room. Only little thing it would have been nice to have coffee making facilities in the room. We were located in italian quarter so lots of great italian restaurants. Not far from china town either which is worth a wonder. We found a fantastic cafe for breakfast called pats cafe it has a bright yellow front. and is located in taylor street. Found it on our first morning we were jet lagged and starving, food and service were excellent and the coffee kept comming! Kept us going till the evening! Not far to pier 39 but we recommend going in the morning its quiet but a little tacky and go and see Alcatraz its brilliant book tickets before you go we went 9am boat and its quieter. All in all we loved the hotel we would definately recommed it to friends.	
Nov 4 2008 	Fifty Fifty at the Hotel Bohème	Stayed at the Hotel Boheme for the last two night in the San Francisco, Napa Valley, Carmel vacation. We had three people in our party the first night we had a fine room with two queen beds. We knew we had to change rooms the second night to a queen bed and a futon. Well the futon turned out to be a small dirty cushon on the floor. The room window was next to the exhaustvent of the restaurant on the first floor it sounded like a jet engine. We got no sleep that night. The hotel is on the second floor with only a very narrow stairway.The Hotel is in a great location in Little Italy. Just make sure you do not stay in Room 207. or if they request a futon run to a different hotel.	
Nov 2 2008 	Living SMALL and WELL in North Beach	We arrived at Hotel Bohème from SFO via Lorries airport shuttle as per recommendation from the Bohème staff. Originally built in the 1880s by an Italian immigrant family…typical three-story structure with lodging on the upper floors and retail stores on the ground floor. As it currently stands, Bohème's specially designed to reflect the culture and taste of late fifties North Beach with strong, inviting colors and patterns and eclectic memorabilia from the Beat days (Ferlinghetti, Ginsburg) . Not for everyone’s tastes, but we happily hauled our bags up the curved flight of striped-carpeted stairs. Stan, who was working the front desk throughout the weekend, checked on Room 103 and said it was ready for us, no need to wait until 2 p.m. check-in time. He also was glad to orient us to the possibilities of the neighborhood and sights throughout the city and helped us devise a strategy so that we were first in line for breakfast at Mama's the next morning. A most congenial start to SF!We were booked for two nights (at $397 total) in a room with a queen-sized cast-iron bed, a bistro table, two toile-covered wicker chairs...and designated as &quot;Cozy&quot;. We’d have preferred “Comfortable” for $10 a day more but none were available when I made our reservations in early August. Loved the boho-chic style, but the space was small enough to feel confining and the antique armoire was a challenge. “Let’s make it work,” I thought to myself and suggested that we unpack only the clothing we planned to wear during our 48 hours in SF.Columbus Ave. is lined with restaurants and cafès...many with sidewalk seating beneath heat lamp like Calzone’s, inches left of Bohème's front door, where we ate on Saturday and small trattorias like L’Osteria del Forno, where we ate on Sunday.Living well in North Beach…except that we were so worn out from all the fresh air and activity that both evenings it wasn’t much later than 9:30 p.m. when we crawled into bed. A 9:30 bedtime in North Beach may sound like an oxymoron, but remember for us, it was past midnight (and we'd sipped some complimentary sherry in the lobby). Despite the increasing street noise -- traffic, voices and the beat of bongos -- we drifted off to sleep.	
Oct 31 2008 	Great Location	Rooms are OK......no views......baths are Good....kinda funky place....BUT....Great location in the midst of North Beach area right around the corner from ChinaTown.Caffe Greco across the street has great coffee and cappucino....great place to sit outside and people watch!Good restaraunts in the area....we ate at the Albano down the hill toward Fisherman's Wharf......very good food....very small family owned place.	
Oct 31 2008	A lovely stay in a Great Location!	Hotel Appearance is a doorway off the street. Don't expect to see a hotel/B&amp;B frontage. You wouldn't realise it was a hotel at all - as it is also surrounded in restaurants.Check In was standard, nothing exceptional. However, we were shocked to realise we had to walk a narrow, winding staircase to the Reception, and further staircase to our room. Whilst the gentleman at the desk kindly assisted with our cases, we still needed to 'lug' our bags up all these suitcases. Rooms are quite small, like an English B&amp;B - whereby you have a room in a house, rather than a room in a Hotel. However, rooms where very clean.Hotel is centrally located to everything. Restaurants at your doorstep. Fishermans Wharf only 15 minute walk. The highlights for our stay were : Fishermans Wharf, Alcatraz, walking the Golden Gate, the italian restaurant next door to hotel was excellent (alfresco dining), the trams. Great shopping down at Fishermans Wharf too.Overall, Hotel Boheme was located in an old area, the hotel has been refurbished. We weren't disappointed with our stay and staff were very pleasant and obliging.	
Oct 30 2008	Fantastic Hotel	This is a great hotel from which to explore San Francisco. 10 - 15 minutes walk from Union Square, Fishermans Wharf and China town. The staff are fantasticly helpfull, they gave us loads of information on where to go and how to get there. The complimentry sherry was a nice touch after a long day out exploring.They dont have a car park however there are 2 secure car parks on Vallejo St (2 Mins walk away) next to the police station.If you want to stay in a hotel with bags of character and charm book in to the Boheme.	
Oct 23 2008 	reviews were right. we loved this hotel!	after much research in tripadvisor and other travel sites, we stayed at this hotel for 3 nights this summer. the location is perfect with several great italian restaurants, bakery and coffee shops nearby. the room was clean and the decor really cozy. i cannot say enough about the hotel staff and front desk who were very helpful in ensuring our needs were met. i would stay there again on my next trip to san francisco.	
Oct 2 2008 	Fantastic!	I met my girlfriend from S Australia, I hadn't seen her in 25 years! From the shuttle they suggested to the directions they gave for sights around the city, it was all great. I would in particular like to mention Charles &amp; Stan, both were fantastic concierges. They even carried our bags up to the 3rd floor! And everyone at the desk was so pleasant. The room was small but extremely comfortable &amp; funky, if you need to sleep, ask for a room in the back, it's really quiet. If the street sounds don't wake you much, go for the street rooms in the front.There are so many restaurants to choose from it's hard to decide. We loved Calzone's, right next door for outside dining. If you want some good Chinese food, try Brandy Ho's, all of the reviews are right on. Try the prawns with walnuts &amp; sesame seeds-fantastic. Numerous bars with live music, people very friendly in SF.We were here for 4 nights before heading to Carmel, we THOUROUGHLY enjoyed our stay at Hotel Boheme &amp; would definitely recommend it &amp; go back again!	
Sep 20 2008 	What a fantastic hotel	We stayed for 6 nights at The Hotel Boheme and thought it was fantastic. As we had done our homework and read other reviews we understood that this was a small boutique hotel with no lift and were expecting the rooms to be small maybe noisy if we were on the front.However, I am not sure if staying in room 208 has a distinct advantage over the rooms but it was perfect. We didn't think the room was too small at all, especially compared to hotels in the Centre of London. We had plenty of natural light on the back and it was quiet. It didn't bother us in the slightest that we had to carry our bags up some stairs.The staff were extremely polite and helpful and couldn't do enough for us. The location is absolutely a plus point, it is safe with plently of restaurants and bars. Washington Square is round the corner, the Beat history on your doorstep and a 20 minute stroll takes you right down to fisherman's wharf and the piers.The only thing that slightly frustrated us was the noise of the showers when guests woke up early, they were very loud in our room but we used our ear plugs we had bought just in case and we were able to sleep really well.I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and stay there again without hesitation.	
Sep 6 2008 	Consistent with what you read...	Pretty much on par with what you will read on this site. The staff is very nice and helpful. Rooms are small/cozy and as with many places in San Francisco there is no AC. We have found the nights to be cool enough when leaving windows open. The night cap of sherry is a very comfortable touch. Location was great for what we wanted to do. We were able to walk to Pier 33 area to the south, Fisherman's Wharf to the north, and a great restaurant called Frascati's to the west. North Beach is primarily Italian restaurants. Also very close to Chinatown if you want to see that.All and all it was what we expected and served our needs quite well.	
Sep 6 2008 	Had a pleasant stay here	My boyfriend and I stayed 2 nights at the hotel. Although it is not a plush modern hotel, we certainly thought it was a charming little place.Yes, there are some stairs and no elevators, but so what.. it is only one floor to climb. We carried our own luggage. Didn't even think twice about it.We got there hours earlier than our check-in time and thought that we'll just drop off our bags and come back. Since the people who stayed at our room had just left the nice man at the counter took our cell number, prioritized the cleaning of our room, and got us in promptly.The room was nice. It was small but that is typical of most rooms in a major city, especially SF. The decor was very nice. The bathroom doesn't have a tub but everything was clean. The tv is small but we didn't go there to watch tv shows.Our room faced the street on the second floor. The neighborhood is great! My favorite in SF. I had a good time just sitting at the window and people watching. The one negative thing is that we slept with the windows open and it was a bit loud.I thought that the negative reviews were a bit unfair. I don't think anyone should expect this place to have all the amenities of a modern 5 star hotel. If you do, check into a Hilton. This is a hotel of older elegance and it does feel special in many ways. It is also very reasonably priced (considering location). I'd recommend this place and will consider staying here again.	
Aug 18 2008	major overpriced disappointment	I agree with weekapaug...I don't understand the rave reviews for this place. I looked over the hotel's website before booking, and nowhere was it mentioned that there is no air conditioning and there are no elevators. Seems like something people might want to know before booking a $200/night room, especially if they have health or mobility issues. There is also no parking or valet, not even temporary parking while you run in to get directions to the nearest parking garage. My husband had to circle the block repeatedly while I got the garage directions, not an easy feat in this neighborhood.After lugging our suitcases up two long flights of stairs, we were hot and sweaty and had only our creaky open window and a small fan for relief. We marveled at the tiny TV, in a size we didn't even think was still manufactured. Then we flushed the toilet, and the flush handle fell off. Yes, fell off. In a $200/night room with no AC. Fortunately the lady at the desk was able to fix it, but I told her I expected a discount, as the hotel was full and we could not be given a different room.The free sherry in the reception area was no longer a perk after this, but a necessity.Unless you're the kind of person who enjoys backpacking through Europe, avoid this hotel.	
Aug 7 2008 	Great Location	We just spent 3 nights at the Boheme - the staff are really friendly and helpful the rooms although on the small side are clean the bathroom was excellent. i would definItely stay here again. Great location for anywhere in SF	
Aug 5 2008 	Would not stay again	I really don't understand how this hotel is ranked so high on TripAdvisor. My wife and I (we're in our late 20's) just stayed here at the end of July for 3 nights and were somewhat disappointed. Like other reviews mention, there is no elevator and TON of steps. If you're carrying up luggage, good luck! Check-in was fine, no issues.I know the rooms were described as being small by other reviewers and even the hotel when booking but jeeez man. They were TINY. With both of our suitcases on the floor we literally had no room to walk. Our room was at the back of the hotel with a terrible view. The hotel has no AC and even though it was not that hot, the room always felt stuffy and warm. The bathroom was also very small and found it difficult to move around in (I'm 6'0, 175lbs).The location is the best part of the hotel. Within walking distance to most tourist attractions in the city and there are bus stops located very close to the hotel as well. The restaurant located to the left of the hotel when exiting was terrible. I think it was called Calzones. The following night we had dinner at The House which was only 1 block from the hotel. It was by far one of the best meals I've had ever. Stan, the evening shift front desk person was also very helpful with directions and suggestions for sightseeing and meals. I would not stay here again.	
Jul 31 2008 	A great deco.. what else?	I was disapointed by Hotel Boheme, and for once i don’t share the general opinion of the T.A. reviews . OK, the deco is great , there is a special atmosphere , and the location is good , even if i prefer Union Square .... but , what else ? There is no elevator, be prepared if you have heavy suitcases ; our room was small, there was no bathtub , only a shower, no coffeemaker , the TV was a bit larger than a box of matches (bring binoculars if you actually intend to watch it ) , and the room was directly on Colombus avenue , an important street of San Francisco with a lot of traffic night and day , and peole speaking loudly or screaming .. night and day too ! The staff is professional , i wouldn’t say friendly . The breakfast is not included and even not possible ; ok, there is a big choice of cafes around , but it makes an aditional cost on the bill.I don’t say it is a bad hotel , but when you evaluate something you have to consider what you get and what you pay : i am sorry , but it is overpriced and for more than 200$ / night without complimentary breakfast there are better deals in San Francisco ; see for example my other review here. If i return to San francisco it will certainly not stay in this hotel.	
Jul 31 2008 	loved the boheme	loved the boheme, the location ,the staff, small rooms but you don't spend a lot of time in your room in san francisco! we had a room at the back which had no view but was so quiet as the hotel is on a very busy street, and i believe the front rooms might be bit noisy. will def go back.	
Jul 10 2008 	Nice little hotel!	The reviews are true! This hotel was a great find in San Francisco. For the price I'd have to say that I don't know how you'd beat it. We arrived early and the front desk was accomodating saying they would call immediately when the room was available and giving us a brief overview of the area. I'm confident in saying that if I had any questions about the city the hotel staff would have been more than happy to answer them. They did give us a great recommendation for a local Italian restaurant and seemed to truly enjoy talking about the neighborhood! Location, location, location. We loved being in North Beach. It was near many major tourist attractions but had such a different vibe than the Union Square area. It was truly a cool neighborhood with restaurants &amp; cafes; a great place to &quot;come home&quot; to after exploring the city.The room was smallish but spotless and we thought the bed was comfortable. It was very uniquely decorated. Everything worked fine. Complimentary sherry in the evenings was a nice touch.Overall this is an excellent choice for many travelers. However, if you need a big hotel with many amenities then this may not be the place for you. I will definitely be back and make this my San Francisco hotel in the future. Very highly recommended.	
Jun 2 2008 	Great Boheme	Stayed here for 3 nights from May 22nd and it was fab from the start. We booked a double room and while it was small it was comfortable and spotless. We had a room at the back so we had less noise but more sleep and because it backed almost directly to the next building it did lack natural light and a view however it did not bother us because we didnt plan to spend all day looking out of our hotel window!! Staff were extremley friendly and helpful and the famous nightly sherry was great!! One downside is if youve got a few heavy suitcases the stairs up to the rooms could be a problem.Location for the hotel was the best. Smack bang in the middle of north beach with plenty of bars and restaurants close by and even though it was hilly both union square and fishermans wharf can be reached easily on foot. (Fishermans Wharf is a 10-15 minute walk). Around the hotel are numerous bars and restaurants and small cafes. Ones worth a visit; Tosca and Vesuvio both bars (5 minute walk towards union square) Marios bohemian cigar store is great for snacks and a drink opposite washington square (5 minutes towards fishermans wharf) and for a meal Trattoria Contadina, an italian, and Manga Rosa a steakhouse literally just around the corner are both great.One final tip is if your up to it hire a bike and ride across the Golden Gate bridge over to Sausolito. About a 10 mile ride on paths. We did a guided tour with Blazing Saddles and it was an experience we will never forget!! Dont worry about cycling back because you take the ferry!	
May 21 2008 	Don't even think of choosing any other hotel in SF!	Boheme has the style! What it provides you:1.) Excellent location: - it is in the italian disctrict, charming restaurants are just down the streets (we had such a good pasta as we were in Rome...)- more or less, it is located in the middle of the downtown, everything is close even on foot (no matter if it is the Russian Hill, Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown or Union Square).+ one of the best jazz bars is located only a block away (Pearls)2.) Exactly the level of service you need:- lack of complimentary breakfasts is a serious advantage here (think of all the breakfast places nearby!)- small but tidy room- tiny but very clean bathroom- towels are changed, bed made every day - what else you really need?+ excellent front desk service, maximum helpfulness, very good advices on dining...The only disadvantage may be a problem only for certain people (not us...): we have asked for a room with view to the street and since windows are not double it was a bit noisy. We have spent 4 nights there. Very good value for money.Absolutely recommended, without any doubt!(once you are there, go and try the second italian restaurant on the right! :) )	
Apr 27 2008 	Enjoyed this hotel	My wife and I recently spent 3 nights at Hotel Boheme. The cost is very reasonable. The room was small but fine for two people. We were rarely in the room as there is so much to do in the area that I don't see why you would want to pay for a large suite anywhere else. Our room faced the street but the noise did not bother us at all. I loved the location with all the nice cafes and restaurants in North Beach plus it is in the middle between union square and the wharf. We were not interested in shopping which is why this hotel made more sense for us versus those in union square which is the furthest area from many of the tourist sites.	
Apr 23 2008 	Brilliant!	Hotel Boheme is beautiful. The service was fantastic with helpful suggestions for places to eat and shows to attend, and assistance with travel arrangements. Quite simply the best service I've ever encountered in any hotel in any country I've visited.The rooms are not large, but more than make up for it with location and atmosphere (and are as large or larger than rooms in many European hotels).The rooms are stylish, cosy and spotlessly clean, a great contrast to the usual generic hotel look. Beds are super comfortable and my room (at the back) was very quiet. I felt immediately at home and will definitely be returning.The position of the hotel in North Beach means you're close to everything and in an area that feels safe at night.All up - fantastic!	
Mar 14 2008	Cool hotel well located	Hotel Boheme has a great location slap bang in the middle of the Italian area of North Beach and close to Chinatown. You can also walk to Fisherman's Wharf in one direction and the Financial District in the other. The North Beach area is really interesting and lively, once home to the Beats and the famous City Lights bookstore, there is always something going on. There's also a plethora of restaurants in the area - I would recommend L'Osteria del Forno for Italian and House of Nanking for Chinese.The hotel is well decorated and does have something of a Bohemian feel to it, certainly beats staying in a faceless corporate chain. The staff are very friendly and helpful. As it is on a busy street, we opted to stay in a back room, which leads to my only real issue with the place - the windows in our room opened out onto a tiny gap and then more walls, so there was minimal natural light coming in. We were glad of the peace and quiet but the room was pretty dark.Overall though, really enjoyed San Francisco and thought this was an excellent base to explore the city from.	
Feb 24 2008 	Great hotel in a perfect location	I recently stayed in the Hotel Boheme's only quad room with a friend and our 13-year-old daughters. Overall our experience was terrific, and I would certainly enthusiastically recommend the Hotel Boheme, particularly to smaller groups of travelers, who would have a broader selection of rooms to choose from.Perhaps the biggest advantage of the Boheme is the location. We are so glad we stayed in North Beach!! The cafes and restaurants were wonderful, and we loved the proximity to Telegraph Hill, City Lights Bookstore, and more. North Beach is walking distance to just about everywhere and was, in our opinion, the perfect neighborhood to come home to at the end of a long day.Second advantage was the terrific staff, all of whom were friendly, helpful, and welcoming.Third, the great decor. Fourth, the sherry, which is set out for guests every evening! Fifth, the character of the place. It is original and distinctive, which in this age of tedious standardization is a real plus.For our group, there were 2 disadvantages:First, the large room we stayed in is located at the back of the hotel, and there was very little natural light. I would have traded the quiet of our rear room for some light in one of the front rooms, and if I ever have the pleasure of staying at the Boheme again, I will definitely request a room at the front of the hotel.Second, the Boheme lacks any sort of public spaces except for a small landing near the reception desk. Again, the benefits of the great location outweighed this disadvantage, but it is something travelers should be aware of.Overall, a great, original hotel in a great neighborhood!	
Feb 13 2008 	Perfect little hideaway in great neighborhood.	Staff knows area well and happy to refer guests to whatever their interest might be. Excellent location for using public transportation. Hotel can arrange shuttle to airport at substantial cost savings. Hotel is very European - old European - which means smaller rooms, limited amenities, some street noise possible, stairs are unavoidable . No coffee, desks in room and probably not ideal for business person that needs a working space in the hotel. As long as guests are honest with themselves about expectations, they should love the hotel, a rich and still living history and anything but the sometimes sterile predictability of modern hotels.	
Jan 23 2008 	Charming clean and great staff	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Boheme in the middle of January. Upon arrival we were a little skeptical as the doorway is slightly hidden between an Italian restaurant and coffee bar/bakery. As soon as we walked in we received a very warm welcome, a map of the area, and an invitation to a glass of nightly Sherry. Sitting in the entry way is a book of historical newspaper clippings and articles about some of the famous people from the Beat generation and the surrounding San Francisco area. When we walked into our room we were slightly taken back by the size (small) of the room. The bed had one of those mesquito netting things hanging over top of it, which we continue to joke about now. After our initial shock we began to love our cute little hotel centered in the middle of a great Italian neighborhood and in walking distance of nearly every attraction. You really couldn't ask for a better location.The staff was superb, you will know them by first name after a day of staying. You are provided a key to the front door so each night you return it is almost as if you were staying with a family member or friend. We fell in love with this hotel and are very pleased we stayed at The Boheme. Only one word of caution...it is a very quite hotel, this may be a blessing or in some few cases, a curse.	
Jan 21 2008 	La Boheme - just okay	Not sure what I was expecting, but I suppose just a little bit more... we're relatively local &amp; were looking for a romantic overnight (dinner, show &amp; sleeping in without a two-year-old kid!). The entrance is promising, subtle &amp; just quirky enough for my tastes. No one helped us with our bags (just buzzed us in), but no big deal, my husband handled that. The gentleman at the reception desk was kind enough to let us in our room a few minutes early. Once we got there, I was pretty surprised at how small it was. I paid for a &quot;comfortable&quot; (vs. &quot;cozy&quot;) room, so hopefully this is what I got... but it was certainly very small! The decor was okay, although my husband wondered aloud if we should be expecting a swarm of mosquitos.... (&quot;romantic&quot; mosquito netting around the bed). The bedding was pretty shabby &amp; the pillows were flat, and at the same time, lumpy. I got the impression that everything was very very nice, maybe about 5 (more?) years ago. Definitely needs an update. I wasn't there to watch TV, but in case you are, it is a small (15 inches?) set. We also had an interior room - no view. This didn't really bother me, as I preferred it to the noisy Columbus Ave. side. The bathroom was actually great, with nice hair products &amp; good water pressure in the shower. The location is also great, within walking distance of every place you want to go in North Beach. We ate at several of the local restaurants (yes, all in one day!) and had breakfast at the yummy (and conveniently located downstairs) Stella Pastry. All in all, it was okay &amp; I guess I didn't pay that much to stay here. I would probably take my chances elsewhere next time though.	
Jan 18 2008 	charming!	Charming hotel - very warm, tasteful, and intimate. We met four different staff members at the front desk who were all sincerely helpful. Special thanks to Stan who provided wonderful restaurant recommendation and booked our dinner reservation for us.Perfect location in North Beach to explore the city on foot or by public transport. Great neighborhood atmosphere much preferable to Union Square where so many SF hotels are. We paid a little more to stay there but I found it was totally worth it. Yes, Columbus Avenue is loud but we asked for a room facing the back and had quiet nights sleep. The rooms are not huge - but I did not find ours smaller than expected. Bathroom is small but was immaculate.Will definitely return to this hotel on next SF visit.	
Jan 15 2008	Great place but ask for a room with views	North beach and the location of this hotel is great - right near Chinatown, loads of bars and cafes and has a nice vibe about the place. Staff are extremely helpful, recommending restaurants, places to go, maps and umbrellas.We stayed four nights in total in there mid-priced room and the cost worked out around £100.00 a night including tax. I didn't mind that the room was small, as it's clean and nicely decorated. However we had two windows that looked out onto a small shaft going up to the roof. It's hard to explain, but in other words the room was very dark and you always had to have a light on. You couldn't tell what the weather was like unless you opened up your window and looked up to the small opening at the top of the shaft. My boyfriend had a bad cold by the time we arrived in San Fran, and it was not the best place to be stuck in bed for two days. I think some rooms will be better than others, so just be aware when booking. This is a sweet hotel with very helpful staff that make you feel welcome and know the city very well. Although I've stayed in better rooms for a better price, the location and service helped still keep this hotel a good option when visiting San Francisco.	
Nov 28 2007 	Outstanding Hotel outstanding location	Even with numerous positive reviews I couldn't help but add one more. This hotel is tremendous. Between it's ideal location for seeing San Francisco on foot and its absolutely fantastic staff we had the best vacation ever. The staff is friendly and amazingly helpful. Every suggestion was spot on. We walked easily everywhere from Union Square to the Wharf. The only negative to this hotel is the steep stairs. We were on the second level and my husband grumbled a bit because we'd just walked all over the city. I highly recommend Cafe Roma down the street for your coffee fix and Mo's for a good burger. We loved both.	
Nov 26 2007 	Great Hotel Great Area	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Boheme from 10/27-11/01. I loved the charm of our hotel and room. My husband felt the room was much too small. It was small but I didn't mind, as we didn't spend a lot of time at the hotel or in our room. North Beach is a very hip, busy area and I think in the perfect spot. We were within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39 Easy access to public transportation and great restaurants and things to do steps outside our door. I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 20 2007 	Great little hotel	Stayed at the Boheme as part of our San Francisco leg of our wine country 5 day tripHotel is in a GREAT location. Very small quaint place. The front desk people are MORE than helpful. The rooms are very small and our room did not have a view, but it was quiet and the rooms were quiet. This is the type of place you want to stay that is not chain hotel and that you can come home and lay your clothes. Its not the type of hotel that you go to in order to enjoy the amenities of the actual hotel. All in all, it was a nice stay and I would stay there again. Walking distance from almost all the landmark places, right on the edge of China town, right in the middle of Little Italy. Tram and bus stops right around the corner and outside the door.	
Nov 1 2007 	fabulous Boheme!	We had the pleasure of staying at the Boheme for 4 nights, and have only positive things to say. The position of the hotel could not be better and was convenient for all of the tourist attractions. The room at the Boheme was at the front of the hotel, and being on the main road did not bother us, in fact it was nice to watch the street below whilst enjoying a glass of wine!. I could not praise the staff highly enough, who were always happy to assist and very friendly, and yes, the stairs are steep but we knew this from reading other trip advisors report, and therefore we expected this!.North Beach is a fantastic area, with lots to do, with a good selection of coffee shops and restaurants.We hope to go back to SF in the near future and will be definitely staying at the Boheme.	
Nov 1 2007 	Cute hotel but staff weren't very helpful.	This is a pretty little hotel in a great area but I was disappointed with the staff. I had to carry my large and heavy suitcase up 2 narrow flights of stairs without any help or offer of help. In fact, the person on the front desk just watched me struggle with it! Personally I think this hotel is overrated. I wouldn't return here.	
Oct 22 2007	Excellent Location/Great Value	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Boheme from 9/21-9/25 for our anniversary. I had never been to San Francisco but knew that I needed a hotel within walking distance of all of the areas that we planned to visit. Hotel Boheme ended up being the perfect choice! It is located in Little Italy between downtown and Fisherman's Whorf, close to Knob Hill, Russian Hill, Telegraph Hill and Chinatown.The hotel staff was absolutely wonderful. Not only were they all very nice, but they were eager to help make sure that you had everything you need. I am used to a larger scale hotel, so this was my first stay in a boutique hotel and I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms are small, but ample for two people and nicely decorated. I have no complaints or suggestions that could have made our stay any better than it was and highly recommend this property.	
Oct 19 2007 	Quiet place in downtown SF	Stayed 3 nights in September. This is a small oasis in the heart of the very lively, yet pleasant 'North Beach' district. The latter was rated as one of the best districts in urban US to stay.No noise from outside was heard in our (backside) room though. The central location and the kindness of the hotel staff more than compensates for the relatively small rooms and limited room facilities. Absolutely a great place to stay when visiting central SF.	
Oct 8 2007 	We loved Hotel Boheme	It's all been said before about Hotel Boheme but we enjoyed this place so much that it didn't seem right to neglect to post a positive review.Great location if you like being in the centre of things, bags of personality, helpul staff.If we're ever lucky enough to get to San Francisco again, we'd be back there.	
Sep 25 2007	fun location!	Hotel Boheme is located RIGHT on Columbus Avenue, and we arrived on a Saturday night--picture tons of people going/coming from bars, bachelorette parties, and lots of noise. We had been traveling around California and staying in quiet, peaceful B&amp;Bs. But the good thing was that it gave us the opportunity to see a new area in San Francisco. The hotel itself is cute and interesting--with netted canopies over the beds, and paper umbrellas hanging as lampshades. The literary/beat history of the hotel is interesting if you're into that sort of thing. The location was great--we could walk to Fisherman's Wharf and were surrounded by amazing family-style Italian restaurants.	
Sep 21 2007 	Moulin Rouge meets Indochine	The Hotel Boheme is hidden off the main street of Columbus Avenue and stepping through the door and red velvet curtains takes you to another world - a blend of Moulin Rouge and Indochine. The hotel is beautifully furnished with decadent colours, dark wood, art deco tiles and oriental designs. The staff are very helpful - full of great advice and tops tips for visitors to North Beach (the area). This is definitely the best part of the city to stay in - plenty of restaurants, boutiques, nightlife and Washingtion Square park to relax in. It's also really easy to walk to the adjoining neighbourhoods of China Town, the financial district, Fisherman's Whaft and Russian Hill (although be aware of San Francisco's hills!). Ask for a room at the back, away from Columbus Avenue, as it was really quiet. The only drawback was no bath or breakfast but ask for the whereabouts of Curly's a couple of streets away. Fabulous breakfasts!	
Sep 6 2007 	Unique central wonderful	If you are a boring type of be-speckled seeker of mediocrity and universal hotel decore, this is not the hotel for you.If you appreciate character, ambiance, originality and 1930's Paris then you will probably like this hotel. As you will probably gather from the other reviews, this place will appeal to some people and not others. We certainly fell in love with the place: the old-school service, the evening port, the bakeries and fresh coffee at the front door, the closeness to Little Italy and China Town, but more than anything the black and white art deco tiles in the small bathroom.Sure the rooms aren't that big, but an expresso is not big either, and I'd prefer a shot of expresso to one of those 24 ounce mugs of sludge they serve as coffee in the States any day. Bigger is not better, so give me quality over quantity and I'm happy.	
Sep 6 2007 	Great Location	Such a romantic hotel, the decor and vibe is spot on for a honeymoon (which we were on). Location is second to none, right in the middle of the North Beach area - you can walk into the financial centre, china town, union sq, fishermans wharf in a very short time. North Beach itself is a very interesting place with good places for both eating and drinking. Staff very friendly - and helpful, we had a unfortunate breakage (the sink plug jammed) which was sorted out very efficiently.The only downer was that we got a room at the front of the hotel and road noise + bustle was a bit bad at night - considering your in central SF thats got to be expected in what is the antithesis of plate glass double glazed, grey, high rise business hotels!!!	
Sep 5 2007 	Charming hotel excellent location delicious restaurants.	My hotel goal was to be able to walk out the front door, stroll down the street, and find a great cafe. Hotel Boheme, in North Beach, fit that goal perfectly. My husband and I checked in around 9 pm, enjoyed a complimentary glass of sherry provided by the wonderful concierge, and headed out to find a late dinner. We had our pick of places right outside the hotel. I highly recommend Figaros, just two doors down (best filet mignon!). Breakfast was equally tasty at the coffee shop next door. The hotel is charming, with rich color schemes and furniture. The rooms are a little small but very comfortable, with great water pressure. We were advised to book a room in back, rather than on the street, and it was quiet. Fresh roses in the hall capped it off nicely. Did I mention the sherry?This was my first trip to San Francisco. We spent a couple nights in a hotel up on Nob Hill, which had a lovely view but lacked the intimacy and charm of Boheme. The North Beach area was defiinitely my favorite part of town - so much flavor! - and very close to China Town and the Telegraph Hill historical district. I recommend the hike up to Coit Tower, just a few blocks behind Boheme, for spectacular views of the Bay Bridge and downtown. We walked around until 2 am.I recommend Hotel Boheme for anyone looking for a unique hotel in the heart of the city (especially if you like italian food!).	
Sep 5 2007 	Totally Perfect!	I loved this place! The location is perfect - right above a cafe and next to a chocolate shop. Just outside the front door are tons of great places to eat - most of which have sidewalk tables perfect for enjoying the weather and people watching. Chinatown is a block or two away, as is the City Lights Bookstore. Plenty of bars and nightlife nearby too. Right near a bus stop to go downtown if that's your thing. Also, an easy walk up to Coit Tower, Pier 39, etc.The room was small yet didn't feel that way because of the large window overlooking the street, complete with comfy chairs and table. The decor is inviting and cheerful, and the room and bathroom were extra clean. My girlfriend and I, who are both total germaphobes, were walking around barefoot on the floor within minutes which we never do! That's how clean it was. The bathroom was spotless and bright with a sunny window.The staff is super friendly and very helpful with restaurant recommendations. Plus, they leave out a bottle of sherry in the evenings for you to enjoy on your way in our out.Some people may have an issue with the street noise as the cafes do stay busy well into the night. Earplugs worked just fine for me and it was a small price to pay to feel like you were in your own little hideaway right in the middle of all of the activity. Instead of feeling like I was just staying in a HOTEL in San Francisco I felt like I was staying right IN San Francisco.I can't wait to go back again!	
Aug 27 2007 	Loved Boheme!	Great boutique hotel in a fun part of town. Right in the midst of italian cafes with great gelato, canoli, late night lasagna, etc., and Chinatown/Northbeach only minutes away. Easy, short walk to tourist areas including Fisherman's Wharf and the Ferry Building. We stayed here for our honeymoon, and we loved seeing a more unique side of San Fran! The man at the front desk was extremely helpful and accommodating (even carried my husband's 80 pound suitcase up the front stairs for us while he parked the car!) I probably shouldn't admit this...but I took off my engagement and wedding rings to clean up one morning and forgot them...rushed back 20 mins later and although the cleaning staff had already been through, they were still there!Only minor drawbacks to note:Was a little hot when we entered the room early evening, but cooled down by 8pm both nights. There was some road noise on the 2nd floor if we left our windows open, maybe better to request a higher floor if this is an issue. Someone did try to pickpocket me only a few blocks away, although we were never concerned about safety in the area.	
Aug 8 2007	great	It was great. Very different. all old fashioned.district great. coffee shop next door brill. sherry lovely each night, i dont even like sherry but it was so gracious,i had room on the main road which was very noisy but nice to look out the window. i was on my own so it worked out very expensive (approx £100 a night) you could get a lot more for a lot less at fishermans wharf but it was so nice and different it was worth it. i am still paying off credit card payments but i will treasure memories for ever. try it	
Jul 12 2007	A Nice Break from Cookie Cutter Hotels!!!	This little property is great! The neighbourhood is so vibrant and full of life!!! All I can do is confirm what you will read in so many other reviews. One thing that really stood out for us was the ability to walk just about everywhere from the Hotel - Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf, etc. I was very impressed. Stan was a great asset in terms of telling us where to go and also where to stay away from.We had an inner room which was a little dark but all in all nice and quiet and very clean. For the money and the location I'd say that you are getting pretty good value for the money.***If you are wanting to do the Alcatraz Tour which is absolutely fascinating and a &quot;must-do&quot; by almost everyone's account that visits San Fran, then make sure you book ahead of time!Have fun and enjoy!	
Jun 27 2007 	Great Stay at Hotel Boheme	We stayed at Hotel Boheme 06/09 to 06/13. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The rooms are a little small but they are different from the norm and cozy. Bathroom was large enough with shower and the room was immaculate. Every one at the desk was always very helpful. Stan was especially helpful holding our luggage and giving us directions. If you don't want to venture from the norm don't stay here. There are no elevators and you have to carry your luggage upstairs. There is no restaurant, so no room service. It can get loud especially Saturday night, but I was so tired that I didn't care or bring ear plugs. Pros: Loved the neighborhood. Calzones on one side, Stella's on the other side. Across the street Cafe Greco and Cafe Puccini. City Lights is just down the street. It's a very lively part of town. Lots of places to eat, bars, cafes and shopping. Felt very safe. Would'nt stay any where else.	
Jun 19 2007 	Great location not generic	A love it or hate it hotel. We really loved it. The room was kind of small but the decor was unique and charming, not generic like most hotel rooms. The bathrooms were beautiful, there was a large wicker stand perfect for storing toiletries and cottonballs and q-tips provided in bathroom. The location was great, surrounded by Italian restaurants, pastry shops, and coffee. Not really much nightlife within walking distance though, but can always find cab. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The parking is like $24 a night but is close to hotel and next to police station, and you don't really need a car anyway. If you do have a car, you have to park it in the street while unloading luggage and be prepared to walk one flight of stairs to get to front desk. You have to push the buzzer to get into the hotel, but they give you a key to the front door after you check in. I would stay there again, but bring less luggage.	
Jun 16 2007 	The perfect city break	This was the first stop on our honeymoon and we were absolutely delighted with it. It's a little boutique hotel in a splendid location in the centre of the city within walking distance of Fishermans' Wharf on one side and the financial district and Union Square on the other. On the doorstep are some fantastic cafes which are perfect for breakfast and the centre of the thriving chinatown which connects the italian quarter with the main shopping areas.The hotel itself is lovely. The staff are very friendly and the rooms and very clean and beautifully decorated. The whole feel is very laid back but every need is taken care of. This is the perfect stopping place to explore the city. It doesn't claim to have all the modern conveniences of bigger hotels - but with its location, friendly staff, and masses of character, it doesn't need to.	
Jun 15 2007 	Perfect location for a first visit to San Francisco	We stayed at the Hotel Boheme for three nights at the start of our tour of California and couldn't have got off to a better start. As has been mentioned previously the rooms are quite small, but the photos on the hotel's website give a pretty accurate impression.We had a room at the front on the first floor and it was noisy - but the hotel is right on Columbus Ave so what else would you expect? - it didn't lose us any sleep.The staff were, without exception, friendly and helpful - suggesting places to eat and advising us on how to get around the city by bus. North Beach and ChinaTown can easily be explored on foot and there are PLENTY of places to eat within a few minutes walk of the Hotel. We queued for breakfast at 'Mama's' and found it well worth the wait, but (on the advice of the hotel staff) also tried - and would recommend - 'Curly's'.Would stay again without hesitation!(Oh, and the shower was fantastic!!)	
Jun 5 2007 	Great hotel!	We had a lovely 3 night stay at this hotel. The whole feel to the place was really homely and all the staff were incredibly helpful giving ideas for restaurants and directions. We stayed at the front which was a little noisy (but it was Saturday night) and it didn't keep us awake. The area was great - close to a lot of the sights but also with loads of cafes and restaurants on the doorstep. I would definitely stay here agin.	
Jun 2 2007 	Perfect place to stay in San Francisco	The Hotel Boheme was a perfect place for our 2 day stay in San Francisco. The staff at this Inn are extremely helpful and welcoming. As first time visitors to S. F. we found the Hotel Boheme to be in the perfect location in North Beach, we walked to all the sights &amp; restaurants. Keep in mind, the room we were given at the rate of $164 was very tiny for 2 people who had overpacked and had 3 suitcases! If you're traveling solo, it would be more than enough room, but if you are traveling with 2 or more, I would recommend spending a few extra $$'s and request one of the larger rooms. Other than the size of the room, everything was wonderful, very clean, quiet, safe, etc. We would absolutely stay here again &amp; would not hesitate to recommend it to others. We cannot wait to come backThe cafes across the street from the Hotel Boheme were perfect for a quick breakfast before sightseeing. For dinner the first night, we went to Gary Danko - top notch service, food not as fabulous as we had hoped. The second night we went to Mangarosa Restaurante, a Brazilian eatery with a fun vibe, good food, great wine list.We also recommend taking the Muir Woods/Sausilito 3 1/2 hr tour. The tour guide will pick you up right in front of the hotel and take you to some of the most breathtaking views of S.F., the Golden Gate Bridge, Muir Woods and Sausalito.	
Jun 1 2007 	Really liked the Boheme	I recently stayed at the Hotel Boheme for a total of five nights. I booked through their website and spent 169usd pls tax per night. The hotel is in a great location, very close to Chinatown and some great restaurants. Staff at the hotel was exceptionally friendly and very helpful. Rooms are small, but charming and very clean. City Lights Bookstore is across the street, it is only a short walk to Washington Square Park an Coit Tower. There are some great breakfast places (Mama&quot;s, La Boulange, Cafe Trieste) nearby.I really enjoyed the stay and would definately come back.	
Apr 24 2007 	a bit pricey	I was really excited to stay at this hotel based on what the other reviewers had to say about it (romantic, charming, etc.). However, I was a little disappointed when I got there. The rooms are cute, but small and there is not much ambiance to the hotel as it is tiny. The sherry happy hour every evening is nice, but there is really nowhere to hang out and sit. I must say the location is GREAT and it is easy to get to almost anywhere in the city. Location alone though I would not recommend spending the $200 (after tax) a night. For that much I am looking for a little bit more than just location. Overall a nice experience, but I doubt I will return to stay there.	
Feb 12 2007 	great find	We decided to stay in North Beach for our quick weekend trip to San Francisco. The hotel reminds me of the many apartments I lived in for the 10 years I lived in SF...the rooms are small, but cozy. The bathrooms are small but very well lit and shower was good....This is not the Four Seasons, but it is a great neighborhood hotel. It feels a bit like a bed and breakfast. The management was extremely helpful - printed boarding passes, gave a great breakfast recommendation (Mama's), and was always cheerful. For a short trip it was perfect. We parked around the corner in a garage.It is a lively and interesting neighborhood for eating, walking and getting a feel for San Francisco.	
Jan 25 2007 	Only good things to report	After much research on this and other sites, I am quite pleased to have chosen Hotel Boheme for a mid-January weekend getaway. It had been several years since my last SF visit, and I had typically always stayed in Union Square. North Beach was the perfect location in the end as it had lots of character and fabulous restaurants. So easy to walk to many parts of the city from here, or just hop on a cable car or bus. The staff at this hotel was quite personable and accommodating from the first contact made by phone. They were always willing to make suggestions for restaurants, events, etc. and made sure we never got lost. The room was small but comfortable and romantic without being flowery. The more expensive rooms probably have more space, but ours was fine. Our room faced Columbus which was loud one night, but the hotel itself is nice and quiet. Plus, we loved the view of the street. Interior rooms don't have any view, I think. I doubt you'll regret staying here regardless. Thanks to all of you who recommended it!	
Jan 9 2007	north beach gem	You'll feel like a local in this unbeatable location in the city within walking distance of the best restaurants, bars and cafes. Don't drive a car unless you really need one - parking is around the corner 1 block away for $26/day. Cabs and buses are everywhere and it's centrally located to anything in S.F. Hotel is super clean, stylish, romantic boutique style. No bathtub, but bathroom was clean and cute. Sherry is served in the afternoon. Some rooms face Columbus St. with minor street noice. Others are in back of hotel and quiet. Stayed in Room 107 with partial view of Coit Tower. If you want to spend $250+ go to the Fairmont, otherwise nothing can compare with this price rance. Do not miss Trattoria Contadina. Hotel will give directions 2 blocks away. The absolute best Italian in the city. Reservations are a good idea. Roasted pepper appetizer is a must!	
Dec 12 2006 	I am in Love with Hotel Boheme!	This Hotel is next to all the best Restaurants in the city, right next to Washington square park, steps from Chinatown and Union Square, Fisherman's wharf right down the street as well. This is seriously the best place to stay in San Francisco it's so charming and the rooms are nicely decorated and romantic.There are lots of coffee shops like Cafe Trieste right up the block also Beach Blanket Babylon is right up the street and Jazz at Pearls which I both recommend. Mama's right by Washington square is great for Breakfast also if it's a nice day you can take a picnic in the park.There is a cafe right downstairs called Calzone's which is open until 2 a.m. it is a nice spot to get a night cap before heading up to rest.We walked around Union square the first day we got there and we were not impressed with all the hotels in that area..no charm to them like this one.Will definetly return my boyfriend really loved this place! So did I!	
Oct 30 2006 	Wonderful Clean Good Location	We stayed at the Hotel Boheme in North Beach in September. It was a wonderful hotel - the room and bathroom was very clean and the decor was really cozy. We stayed on the street and liked hearing the noise from the street below. It was nice to sit and look out the window while waiting to go out. We slept with the windows open and was woken up in the middle of the night once to the street sweeper. There are many restaurants right outside the hotel. The hotel is in a good location. Down the street is a restaurant called &quot;Volare&quot; that I would highly recommend and still get a taste for. I ordered their Gnocchi al Pesto both times we ate there. Heading from Volare to the hotel, there is a a gelato place on a corner - I forgot the name - but it exclusively sells gelato - it is THE CLOSEST to real Italian gelato that I have had in America. very good dessert. While in San Francisco, we rented bicycles and rode across the Goldent Gate bridge (bicycles rented from the pier). This was such a good time and a unique way to view the bridge. Another must for San Francisco is the Alcatraz tour. The self guided audio is very interesting. The staff/guides at the prison also told stories and gave demonstrations - including locking volunteers (us included) in the &quot;hole&quot; (solitary confinement). what an experience!	
Oct 2 2006 	Charming and friendly	Just returned from a weekend in San Francisco - stayed at Hotel Boheme in North Beach. A small boutique hotel in a great location in Little Italy. Our room looked out onto the main strip lined with wonderful bakeries and restaurants. The room was darling and brightly painted and the bathroom was clean with wonderful tile and antique fixtures. The room had a bistro table with 2 chairs in front of the window and an elegant armoire. The innkeeper was friendly and informative and made everyone feel welcome and at home - serving evening cordials in the reception area. Definately would stay again!	
Aug 21 2006 	Just like Italy	My husband and I spent three nights at Hotel Boheme in San Francisco from August 11-14. We arrived around 10:00pm Friday night and actually missed the entrance and had to have our cab driver go around the block. Upon our arrival and greeting, we knew we selected a great place. Stan, who was working that weekend, gave us the lowdown on the best restaurants and neighborhoods, and the best time to get in line at Mama's for breakfast (before 8am). He really made our stay memorable. We asked for an interior room because we read previous reviews saying the noise from Columbus Street below could be bothersome. We never heard a thing. Our room was comfortable and clean, with a beautiful bed and decent size bathroom. The room, and entire hotel for that matter, really reminded us of the pensiones we stayed in when we visited Italy last year. Hotel Boheme is small, intimate, romantic, and worth the stay. Another plus is the hotel location. Columbus Street is the heart of Washington Square and Little Italy, and is only a few blocks from Chinatown and a short walk to Fisherman's Wharf. Lots of great bars, restaurants, and a fantastic gelateria nearby - closest thing to real Italian gelato we've found. We would definitely stay at Hotel Boheme again.	
Aug 11 2006 	This is where the action is!	My fiancee and I LOVED this hotel. Check-in was a bit worrisome, due to the fact that we are not used to driving in a big city and we had to stop in the middle of the street to unload luggage. There is complimentary sherry in the evenings and the neighberhood is very good for the middle of a major city. The rooms are too, too charming (in a good way!) and you can't ask for a better location. There are six very tasty eateries within 50 yards of the front entrance. Fabulous pastries, Italian food, and Chinese food as well. Chinatown is within walking distance (next door in fact). The next time we visit San Francisco, we will be staying at this hotel without a second thought.	
Aug 11 2006 	Boutique style hotel in fabulous location	This is a great hotel if you want to experience San Francisco in the non-touristy way. It's located in North Beach and a lot of the regular tourist sites are within walking distance. Have a cup of coffee at Cafe Trieste around the corner, grab a morning snack at the Stella's Pastry, take in the great show of Beach Blanket Babylon at the Fugazi, hang out in Washington Square park. There are also a ton of great restaurants to choose from. Downtown is probably about 6-7 blocks away, or you can walk over to Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel rooms are small, but they feel very home-y. The decor is kind of artsy. Bathrooms are a little small too and they don't have a separate toilet room from the shower. The front desk staff are incredibly nice and accomodating. I don't think I've ever experienced any hotel staff who seemed as truly genuine as they were. At night, a carafe of sherry is put out for guests to sample. It was great to come back from a night out, and then be treated to an after-dinner drink. This is a hotel for people who want to get away from it all (TV was about a 14 inch) and feel like they are staying with their friends in the city. It's not a resort, but it's a great place to stay.	
Jun 14 2006	In the Heart of North Beach. Italian or Chinese	My wife and I love this place. It is in the heart of San Francisco’s North Beach District, just a block north of the famous “City Lights” book store. The hotel is surrounded by some of the best Italian restaurants in the city. It’s a near perfect San Francisco experience. Hotel Boheme itself is located on Columbus Street in the heart of an old Italian neighborhood. The only sign of a hotel at 444 Columbus is a single innocuous doorway covered by a small awning. That doorway is wedged between the sidewalk café “Calazones” and a small Italian bakery. You have to buzz at the door to enter but you get a key for this door on check in. Past the door is a steep and narrow staircase leading up to the next floor. On the second floor to the right of the landing is the hotel office. A bottle of Sherry surrounded by cordial glasses is set out for guests on the landing sideboard each night. Hotel staff are always friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about everything San Francisco. They have always made our visits to stays in the city easy and fun.Our last trip to San Francisco, June of 2006 became our fourth time staying at the Hotel Boheme. The rooms are small and simple but quite elegant. Our room had a queen bed, armoire and a bistro table with two chairs. Our bathroom was tiled and had a glass front shower. Everything was spotless. The hotel motif is straight from the beat generation with names like Laurence Ferlengetti, Jack Keroac, Ken Kesey and Jake Cassidy dominating the hotel art and some of the furniture as well.Two comments for your consideration is the difficulty with parking. Parking is a problem all over San Francisco. The closest Public Parking to Hotel Boheme is on Valejo street about a block and a half way. Be prepared to pay $26 dollars per day for public parking. Secondly, if you are a light sleeper or are unused to the sounds of the city then request and “inside” room. Any room that fronts onto Columbus Street can be noisy.	
May 7 2006	Great Location Great Staff	If you're vacationing and looking to experience San Francisco, this is the place to stay. Not fancy, but comfortable and quaint. The location is perfect - close to almost everything, and a great area for restaurants, night life, and walking. If you don't like exercise and have no tolerance for something that doesn't fit the norm, then don't stay here. You have to climb one flight of stairs with luggage, and parking is 1 1/2 blocks away. We're about 50, and I don't think we could have found a place more to our liking.Not sure how convenient it is for business travel, but great for a vacation! Wonderful staff - pleasant and extremely helpful. It's a great getaway. We stayed on the street side with the window open, and didn't find the noise objectionable. We didn't want to sleep much anyway!	
Mar 5 2006	Couldn't be better	If you're looking for an intimate San Francisco experience, this is the place. The rooms are spotless if a bit small, the staff couldn't be more helpful and the neighborhood is full of character, characters, funky shops, good food and good music.Some earlier critics maybe don't get it - this isn't the Ritz and doesn't pretend to be. But it's clean, quiet, decorated in fun style and located in the middle of a lively but safe area.If you're not familiar with the city, you'll want to quiz the staff, who are unfailingly cheerful and helpful. Special thanks to Stan for dining recommendations. Speaking of dining, within a couple of blocks you could eat at a different place each meal for a week, from great pastry and coffee to hearty breakfasts to Chinese, Italian, Thai etc. If you don't care to walk, buses run right by.Only cautions: No elevator (only three stories anyway), televisions are a bit small for older eyes, and the parking is a bit dear, but convenient and ssecure.	
Dec 21 2005	Boutique hotel with character	Hotel Boheme is a nicely restored building on Columbus Avenue -- the main street of the North Beach (Italian) section of San Francisco. It's a great area for urban hikers, especially if they don't mind some steep grades -- Russian Hill, the Coit Tower, and Chinatown are all fairly close, and may other parts of San Francisco are a long walk (or a cab ride) away.Entrance to the hotel is tucked between patio tables of restaurants below, and you climb a flight of stairs to the concierge desk. Then, if necessary, another flight to your room.&quot;Stan&quot; was our concierge, and he began making suggestions about where to visit before we even asked. &quot;Charles&quot; was equally solicitous on our way out. These guys really want you to enjoy your stay, and really know both the neighborhood and the city.Rooms are small, cozy, and retro, with decor celebrating the &quot;Beat&quot; era of North Beach, and rooms painted deep colors. Our room was in very good shape save one patch of damaged ceiling.Hotel Boheme does not try to be a full-service hotel. Room service consists of a limited menu of beverages only. Our room had a very small TV set (which we didn't need anyway). No fitness center or expansive lobby.Complimentary sherry is provided from the concierge area in the evenings.Here's the main thing: if you take a room fronting along Columbus Ave., you can sit near the window and watch the sidewalks below, which is fun. You also get a lot of street noise (Saturday night brought a lot of late-night revelry to the sidewalk cafes below; Sunday wasn't as bad). So either take the street-side room and be prepared (bring ear plugs for sleeping?) or else ask for a quieter room, or stay elsewhere.We'll be back to Hotel Boheme -- with earplugs.During our stay, we enjoyed a martini at the Beat-culture-soaked Vesuvio bar (next door to the famous City Lights bookstore), a focaccia sandwich and capuccino at Mario's Bohemian Cigar Shop &amp; Restaurant, a decent dinner at Calzone's under the hotel, and a very nice dinner at Steps of Rome Trattoria. Nearby O'Reilly's Irish pub puts out a hearty brunch. Its hard to starve or get thirsty in this neighborhood. Don't worry, the hotel staff can point you to all these places &amp; more; we also found the Lonely Planet San Francisco guide useful.	
Nov 19 2005	I recommend it!	my wife and i stayed here for our first anniversary. we had a great time! the hotel is in a great location in north beach near most of the popular attractions, good restaraunts and nightlife. the staff is extra friendly and helpful with helping you choose restaraunts, making reservations, etc. the rooms are small because the hotel is in an old building. the rooms have cool decorations though. if you want something romantic and a little different this place is cool. if you need a full-service hotel like the sheraton this will not meet your needs. i'd stay there again.	
Oct 10 2005	I agree - its Fab!	This is the place for me! Personality, service, great location - the neighborhood is my favorite in SF. Service was REALLY GOOD, they are nice people that make you feel at home. Tasteful &amp; unique decor - and the bakery downstairs makes the best cappucino ever. I will definately stay there any time I am in San Francisco. Don't miss North Beach Pizza nearby. I really don't want to share this hotel - but can't keep it to myself! The only downside is the stairs but the staff will help you in any way they can with that. Besides - its SF - get used to climbing!	
Jul 28 2005	Funky Little Hotel	This was my second stay this hotel The staff was extremely nice and the sherry evening reception was a nice end to a long day. The rooms are very small but the bathrooms are surprisingly large in comparision. I had a great time looking at all the photos in the halls. The hotel needs a bit of work, a bit more than the first time I stayed (oct 01). Be warned, there is NO elevator and the check in desk is up three flights of stairs and my room was another two flights up. It was my fault that I packed too heavy! Apparently this hasn't deterred me from coming back. It's not the Ritz by any means, but it's safe and it's a clean place to stay. Who stays at the hotel all day in SF anyway??	
Jun 27 2005	Okay but wouldn't unreservedly recommend....	Great location in North beach, handy to Fisherman's Wharf and Chinatown too. Staff very friendly and helpful and manage to provide useful, suggestive advice without being too pushy or intrusive.Rooms however are VERY small and quite dark. No clothes iron or in-room safe. Small 14 inch television (mine broke down). In general more like an &quot;Inn&quot; than a Hotel, and although my stay was pleasant enough, $159 plus tax did seem like a bit much to pay for what it was.	
Jun 16 2005	A gem!	An absolute gem. I really can’t recommend this hotel enough. It’s above a bakery on a busy street in North Beach (the bustling Italian district with lots of great cafes and restaurants). Fisherman’s Wharf and all the other main sights are within a 20 minute walk (downhill!) and Chinatown is five minutes away.The hotel itself is an oasis of calm in a mad city. The rooms are all individually styled and complementary sherry is served in the lobby in the evenings. There is no breakfast, but the bakery downstairs is great for coffee and pastries.The best thing about this hotel is the staff. The guys on the front desk were the most knowledgeable and friendly staff I have ever come across and I’m fairly well travelled. Ask them any question about the city and they can recommend something. They know all the best local restaurants other than the tourist traps and always got us tables. They also know what bars to visit, little markets you wouldn’t otherwise find etc. Stay here: you won’t be disappointed!	
May 11 2005	Great location helpful staff.		
Jan 6 2005	A diamond in a beautiful city		
Oct 28 2004	My favorite too.		
Oct 16 2004	Fabulous!		
Jun 16 2004	Needs a little TLC		
May 30 2004	so-so		
May 10 2004	Nice Staff - Small Rooms and Poor Circulation		
Apr 13 2004	My favorite hotel		
Nov 30 2003	Fabulous!		
Jan 9 2002	An Epic Weekend		
Oct 9 2009 	Consigliatissimo!!		
Jul 26 2008 	Niente di che		
May 6 2008 	Tolles Hotel wunderschöne Gegend		
Jan 15 2008 	Très bien placé et tout mignon		
