	Couldn't have been beter	Got a great deal on Priceline two days in advance of our annual black Friday boondoggle. This location just cannot be beat. It is one half block up from Union Square. The lobby was busy when we arrived with people coming and going-they had several doormen and valets on duty. Even though we arrived at a busy time and two hours ahead of the scheduled check in we were immediately greeted and given our room. The front desk was very, very gracious and accomodating of the fact that I had accidently shown up with no credit card in my wallet!!  As we waited for the elevator, we noticed a lady really struggling to get out of the elevator with a really big rolling suitcase. An employee jumped in out of nowhere to help her and asked others if they needed help. Very nice-I love to see people make extra effort when it comes to service. The lobby is nothing exciting. It's long and narrow, the front desk is to the right as you enter and the elevators to the left. Behind the elevators is a small seating area which they had decorated for the holidays.  Our room was on the 21st floor. We looked out to the Westin St. Francis (my daughter was fascinated by their outside elevators), the Sir Francis Drake Hotel and Starlight Room and the tiny peek of Union Square. When I book rooms on bidding sites. . I expect to get one of the &quot;lesser rooms&quot;, that's fair enough. But this room did not seem to be sub-par in anyway. It was spacious and clean and I liked the location on a high floor. We were right next to the housekeeping closet and expected to have some noise from that in the morning, but that did not happen. They are either very quiet or it's a little used closet. The bed was super comfortable with nice linens. If you were there on a more extended stay, there was plenty of room to put your things. A spacious closet, two dressers. TV is in an amoire with a Mini bar/fridge - the sensor kind so you can't use the fridge for your own stuff. There's a desk and chair and a small sitting area with arm chair and table by the window. Liked the iPod docking port. The ONLY thing about the room that wasn't perfect is, as others have mentioned, the furniture is a little banged up.The only storage in the bathroom is the countertop. Nice, Portico brand white ginger soap and shampoo and a little tube of toothpaste!  We didn't eat at the Grandview on the 36th floor but went up to look at it and it was BEAUTIFUL with a spectacular view!! We would have had a drink in the bar but it was full. I would recommend this hotel for service, cleanliness, spacious room and awesome location. Especially if you get the $66 price tag that we did!! Have fun!	
Nov 25 2009 	In the Middle of it All	I attended a conference at the Hilton but chose this place for lodging. Having membership with both, I found Hyatt treats Gold Passport members a little better than Hilton treats HHonors members.There is much to like about this hotel: A great central location; Walgreen's is next door; 24-Hour Fitness is three blocks east; Good department stores are close by; This is a high rise building so the views from the restaurant, club level and rooms on the upper floors are equally incredible from all directions; The hotel staff is courteous and well trained; The Grand Club concierges are extremely accommodating; The Hyatt Grand Bed is very comfortable; and The showers have good water pressure.Although some other bloggers have commented about the hotel being “dated,” the Grand Hyatt still felt a bit more upscale than the Hilton. The Hilton guest rooms felt like a Vegas hotel at the bad end of the strip.A few small things I didn’t like: Old fashion TVs; Bathrooms with dated and claustrophobic standard tub/shower combo (A curved shower rod would be a relatively inexpensive fix); The $25 breakfast buffet with no omelet station... nope, can’t even special order an omelet from the kitchen... particularly vexing since the Hyatt Fisherman’s Wharf (20 blocks to the north) has a breakfast buffet complete with omelet station for $18. What’s up with that? Be warned, the valet is very, very slow. At $55 per day for valet parking, this was unacceptable! Also, prepare to take a cab ride for good food. Dining choices near the hotel are limited and unremarkable.Other tips: Request upper floors to get away from street noise and upgrade to the club level if possible. If you want to a break from the $30 to $50 per person dinner checks typical in SF, Tommy’s Joint is a great “downscale” option for good food. It is located at Van Ness and Geary, about at a 15 minute walk west of the hotel. It is a barbeque/sports bar that’s been in continuous operation since 1947. You can eat well for less than $10/person.Overall, I still give the highest rating because the staff at Grand Hyatt San Francisco treats guests so well. Like our “Governator’ says: “I’ll be back!	
Nov 24 2009 	Nice hotel but wireless Internet??	Nice hotel with regard to rooms and fitness service offered. But no free wireless Internet, not even in the hotel lobby!!	
Nov 22 2009 	Favorite San Francisco hotel	This is 'the hotel' for our trips to San Francisco. 1) Location is the best ( we love Union square, but 5-10 minutes walk from Market can easily spoil the pleasure. Hyatt is located right at the Union sq.) ); 2)Staying with Hyatt garanties above-average level of service and comfort, 3) We love the bar on top floor: view is unbeatable and even food last time was really good and fresh. Rooms vary, some are nice, some are ok. Our last room was just 'ok', but had a million $ view. Since this is in the downtown, it can be noisy, even at night ( we kind of enjoy it as a part of city atmosphere).	
Nov 17 2009 	Hit and Miss	Booked and paid for a bay view room. The room itself was good, although they need updating, the bay view was small patches of water in between buildings.Paid extra for the club lounge, this really was hit and miss. Come afternoon tea/dessert they would have ONE cake delivered for the whole club and (so we were told) were not allowed any more, so if you arrived ten minutes after it arrived there was nothing except a few pretzel sticks. Breakfast was basic fare and evening canapes were minimal and lacking in quality. The hotel is very well positioned, the front desk staff friendly and accommodating.Wouldn't stay here again, as it has been said before, there are many more hotels better than this.	
Nov 10 2009 	Nice hotel good location	I booked this hotel via a discount website and was extremely happy with the value. The room had a nice view and was comfortable for 3 adults. There were no noise issues and the view of Embarcadero was nice. The beds were comfortable and the room was clean. We had to request additional towels but delivery was prompt. We didn't eat at the hotel but entertainment and restaurants were within walking distance. The touristy area is about a mile away but we didn't have any safety issues and walking that far was refreshing due to its proximity to the bay. The management was nice enough to allow a very late checkout and I did not have any additional fees added to my bill.	
Nov 2 2009 	A Very Nice Hotel with a Great Location	We recently stayed at the Grand Hyatt in San Francisco for a four day weekend get-a-way. I was quite pleased with most aspects of the hotel although it is showing signs of wear and could use a bit of freshening up. We stayed on the 33rd floor in a Club King room with access to the Club Lounge on the 32nd floor. Our room was small but very clean and the comfortable and the view was fantastic. Access to the club lounge brings with it a contintental breakfast, afternoon snacks and evening desserts. Sodas, bottled water and sparkling water is available from 6 am to 9 pm at no additional cost. There is also a computer with printer available for use at no fee. The view from the lounge is also fantastic with a clear view of the bay.The staff of the hotel is extremely friendly and helpful. We did not try the restaurant or lounge on the 36th floor but I would definitely stay there again. It's location is perfect for access to Chinatown, Nob Hill, nearby shopping, Market Street, restaurants etc.	
Oct 27 2009 	business and pleasure	The doormen give the hotel a plush sort of feeling to it. Kind of a priviliged feeling there. Liked the conference room. Had an internet room, that charged about six dollars to use the internet for about 15 minutes at a time. Busy, busy hotel. The room service was above and beyond what I expected in a hotel. I wasn't feeling well that day and they seemed to cater to me even more. They have a nice, nice restaurant on the top of the building and you can see quite a bit of San Francisco from there. The food was delicious and the waiters were very kind and accommodating. Busy front desk. We went to Fisherman's Wharf, which we had to take a taxi from our hotel to get there. Interesting to see and seeing the view of Alcatraz was surreal. Didn't take the tour to Alcatraz, but did take a bus tour and had a wonderful tour of the city with a great tour guide. I don't know that I would care to revisit San Francisco, though the shopping around the hotel seemed pretty awesome, with many designer named stores. We visited Chinatown, which was walking distance from the hotel and which is intriquing to see. My reason for not desiring to see San Francisco again is that people seemed rushed there, which is not a comfortable environment to walk into when you are travelling.. I did hear though that if we had time that we should have seen the surrounding San Francisco area, the bay area and the wine country. The hotel was a nice retreat to return to vs. the rushed environment outside of the hotel.	
Oct 27 2009 	Grand Hyatt San Francisco Nice and Easy on Union Square	We went to a confrence as I had not visited San Francisco for about 10 years. We were pleasantly surprised with the Grand Hyatt. We arrived about 10 am in hopes of checking in early, I was guessing we would be declined until 2pm , but the front desk stepped it up and were very cordial to let us check in, After a bad flight it was nice to kick back and relax. The rooms are small so it takes a bit of getting used to but we chose to explore the city instead, This property sits on Union Square so there is plenty to do with in walking distance. We went to Fishersmans Wharf one of the days and its worth doing, The old cable cars are a hoot and cheap too. The down side of FW is that there are tons of panhandlers that are very agressive. We didnt see any of SFPD in the 4 hours we were there.A little wierd but thats what SF is. Plenty of tee shirt and gift stores with several restaurants. ( My wife was pleased to buy a knockoff Prada purse for 35 bucks!)	
Oct 26 2009 	Great Location and Extremely clean	Great location!Extremely clean!Little bit out-of-date ....	
Oct 19 2009 	Good Hotel-Great Location	We stayed for 3 nights for the PGA Presidents Cup at the Grand Hyatt. We were very happy with the hotel and especially liked the location. We did not have a car and were able to ride the BART from the airport and walk the short way to the hotel. We were also able to easily catch a cab from the hotel if we wanted to, but we also walked to the wharf. We had a good dinner at the Grand Views restaurant with a beatiful sunset to go with it. We had a great time watching Fleet week airshows, touring on the segways and biking the Golden Gate bridge. (we opted for the electric bikes-only way to go). The weather was great part of the time and freezing the rest of the time-darn it. It was a great weekend and alot of fun at the golf tourney on Sunday. We will definately go back to SF and we will probably stay at the Grand Hyatt again next time.	
Oct 12 2009 	NOT TOO SHABBY	Just my thoughts: The hotel was ok, not too great for being a Hyatt.-Valet parking is $50 overnight, and you have to wait for max 1/2 hour for your car to arrive.-The bar on the 36th floor closes at 1 pm, but stops serving food at 12. -There isnt a fan in the bathroom so the mirrors steam upon the other hand...-there was hot water-the beds were really comfy-prime spot..peferct for walking everywhereOther than that it was ok, your not really in the hotel too much so I can't complain. I just thought it would be better since its a Hyatt...	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Location	We've stayed at the Grand Hyatt 5 or 6 times, the most recent over Labor Day weekend. We are local, but when we go to the City and stay at the Hyatt it's like we are a thousand miles away. As many posters have said, the location is perfect right in Union Square, close to all shops and many great restaurants. The hotel itself is very nice and we generally stay on the club level which gives us access to their private lounge. Very nice for breakfast and snacks. The view from the lounge is also awesome! Rooms are small and yes, a little dated, but I’ve always found them clean and comfortable. I've never had an issue with noise either from the hallway or other rooms. Rates for hotel can be all over the place. Sometimes I look and they are well over $300, other times in the mid to high $100's. I feel extremely comfortable recommending at a rate of $199 or even as high as $249. Over that, I'd say you may want to look elsewhere. Finally, parking is expensive (I think $49) but you can park in the lot directly across the street (Sutter &amp; Stockton garage) for much less.	
Oct 8 2009 	I had the best experience ever!	I enjoyed the service and the people there were great! When I first arrived at the hotel there were people there to escort my belongings to the inside of the hotel and then I was able to be carefree about signing in. The service was fast and quick. I really did love the people there. The stay at Hyatt San Francisco was a trip to never forget! I will be sure to tell others about this hotela and how I had a great stay there! On top of that, I was able to meet the man of my dreams! Thank You	
Oct 8 2009 	Location!	The Grand Hyatt is situated one block from Union Square and within walking distance to many of San Francisco's greatest attractions. Room was fine. I was surprised that there was no desk in the room. There was a small corner table where I had to work and plugging in the laptop was a bit difficult. Outlets were hard to find.Still, they had a great AAA rate and you can't beat the location. Perfect for leisure travel.Rooftop restaurant/lounge is worth checking out. Beautiful views of the city.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel Great Service!!	I stay in over 200 hotels a year and this is one of the stand-outs, great people, great service and great views all make for a wonderful experience	
Oct 6 2009 	Perfect location with exceptional service	We stayed at the Hyatt for 5 days, I thought the location was perfect, it was right beside union square, which was nice when you got a little turned around while walking. All you had to find was union square and you seen your hotel. We got there very early (about 8:30am) They told us people from 2 rooms had checked out and gave us a choice between great view but 2 double beds or ok view with king, if we wanted to check in early. We decided on the great view. We were able to check in an hour later. The service from the front desk to the housekeeping was exceptional. The first day house keeping came to the room, very early, we told her we will be out of the room every day by 10am so after that she never came until after 10, but was always done by 12. The conciere was helpful with any thing we wanted. The front desk even gave us a late check out at no extra charge. We hope to come back next year and we will stay here again.	
Sep 30 2009 	Accomodating Staff and Pleasant Facilities In An Excellent Location	This was my first stay at the Grand Hyatt and overall I'd say that the service I received from the Front Desk staff and doormen were the things that truly made my stay go above and beyond just average. The decor in the lobby and rooms was nice, but nothing that was great or fabulosity personified. I found the Housekeeping staff to be a bit pushy about wanting to push me out of my room by calling me and knocking on my door repeatedly (and then giving me the evil eye while they stood around in a group right outside my door when I did finally leave my room after the first day), but the Room Service staff were highly proficient and thorough in completing tasks. When I arrived the lobby was filled with throngs of people milling about in different groups and employees going about their duties and I got discouraged thinking that it would take forever to be noticed, as I was traveling by myself, and get checked into my room. To my surprise, I was noticed by a wonderful woman named Isabella who beckoned me over and greeted me with a smile and kindness with no hint of stress or strain in her demeanor or voice and she deftly checked me in. When she told me that I was in a nonsmoking room and I asked if a smoking was available she told me that none were for that day, but that there was starting on the next day of my stay and she made all the arrangements to have my reservation moved to the new room on the next day and all I had to do was leave my packed bags in my room when I left for the day and the staff would move my belongings for me and she even upgraded me from the 4th floor to the 19th floor (truly as other reviews have stated, the views on the upper floors are to die for and would be worth paying extra for if necessary). Needless to say, I was grateful and extremely pleased with the service I received. When it came time for my original check out date, I decided that I was having too much fun in San Francisco (how can you not in that great city?!?) and that I wanted to stay for another day, so I went down to the Front Desk and inquired about doing so and the staff member who helped me was happy to accommodate my request and did so with a smile. On the day that I was leaving, I was running late and left in a harried rush and was obviously noticed by the Doorman who asked my destination and I informed him that I intended on taking a cab to the airport, and he told me that he could see I was rushing and offered a Lincoln Towncar from the hotel fleet for the same price as the cab. Of course I accepted the offer, if for no other reason than the extra comfort of the leather seats and better suspension on the vehicle, and then I heard the Doorman tell the driver that I seemed to be running late and to &quot;step on it&quot;. I was impressed that I never once told him how really late that I was, yet he observed my demeanor and took the initiative of his own accord to let the driver know my situation to see if it would help get me to the airport on time....which it did. I barely made my flight, but I made it. Overall, the accommodations at this hotel were pleasant and somewhat appropriate for the price point, my interactions with the Housekeeping staff left something to be desired, but the negative of those brief interactions was far overshadowed by the excellent above par service that I received from the Front Desk staff and Door staff. I'd recommend this hotel if asked about it, but I don't think I would necessarily go out of my way to suggest it to someone if asked for names of hotels in the area to stay at.	
Sep 25 2009 	Couldn't Fault this Hotel!	From the moment we entered, the conceirge and staff behind the desk (Sebastian), were so helpful, attentitive and friendly. The location of this hotel is fantastic. Walk to everything.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in San Francisco who wants to be close to city centre, shops and restaurants. If I had been travelling with my family (kids), I would probably consider staying at Fisherman's Wharf.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Staff Great Location Tired rooms - made to feel like a VIP	After my stay at the Hyatt in Monterey I arrived at the hotel with some intrepidation - this was quickly put to sleep on my arrival - great doorman and bell captain welcoming me to the hotel and escorting me to the front desk. The front desk experience was exceptional, a warm welcome and ask how my vacation was to date - apologies for my below average stay in Monterey and an upgrade to the Club Floor as way of an apology.The hotels location is fantastic just up from union square which makes the hotel very accessible to all the sights, BART, MUNI and cable cars. The hotel is on 36 floors and it is worth paying for an upgrade for a view of the bay - stunning vistas of the bay, Alcatraz and South San Francisco.Rooms are comfortable and clean, I had some of the best night sleeps of my trip here, but the rooms are on the old style and could do with some modernisation but not enough to ruin a stay in my opinion.The club floor is great as you get complimentary continental breakfast, evening snacks, and desserts as well as complimentary soft drinks and hot beverages - there's plentiful supplys of all and it gets refreshed continuously.The concierge team were fantastic and knew everything you could possibly want to do and ask for in San Francisco and can help you with the organisation of it all.First class service here - and you were made to feel like a VIP	
Sep 20 2009 	Overall very good experience	I agree with past opinions as I reviewed as well before we booked this flight on FunJet. We got a great price with flight and hotel for $435.00 a person for nights/5 days from Milwaukee, WI. The best about the hotel is the location and the service. It is in a prime location and was super easy to get to from airport by taking the Bart train for only $8.00 a person and then walked up a few blocks. We arrived at noon and our check in was for 3:00 pm, the front desk was able to check us in early and checked us in to floor 21 rather than 3-12 level our FunJet reservations called for. So, we were delighted with that. First impressions of room was nice, a little outdated with decor and TV and it did smell a little musty, but we had the air conditioning on the whole time. The bed was &quot;all that&quot; with the comfort and the pillows. That was our favorite part of the room. For the price we paid for our vacation, the hotel was what we thought it would be. We walked everywhere in the city from our hotel. We are walkers to begin with by the way....but Fisherman's Whalf was a 2 mile walk away. Within a mile or so was Nob Hill and Lombard Street, and Chinatown, North Beach were even closer. We got a good workout and then didn't feel as guilty about eating yummy food everyday! San Fran was a great trip and we did the main tourist things. We did Alcatraz (buy tickets ahead of time) saw the above mentioned and did a ferry boat trip to Sausilito which was pretty cool. The streets blew me away of how some are so steep, that was crazy to me. The homes are cool to see as well, so close together. We would suggest this hotel and trip in a heartbeat. It was fun!	
Sep 13 2009 	Great location but hotel needs updating	We booked this hotel through priceline. Several nights before, we stayed at the JW Marriott also booked through priceline. The Grand Hyatt was a disappointment after staying at the JW. The room smelled odd and the furnishings were very outdated. The bed was not very comfortable and the pillows were like rocks. This hotel was clean and in a good area so was fine, but we would not stay there again if we had a choice.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great location and service	When coming to San Francisco on vacation, Union Square is the place to be. The Grand Hyatt is less than one block from Union Square and I got a room for $80 on Priceline. The service was very good and we found the concierge to be very helpful. The rooms were nothing special unless you pay a premium to get a high floor. The top floor bar has incredible views.	
Sep 9 2009 	Convenient location great bed excellent views.	Stayed three nights over the Labor Day weekend. Booked through Priceline so got a terrific deal. Only three blocks from Bart/Muni, right on Union Square. Not much of a lobby but check-in was fast and friendly. Room is typical of older Hyatts, TV is old-school, furniture not the latest. However, there was plenty of space and the bed and pillows were extremely comfortable. Housekeepers were very nice and helpful. Bar on the top floor has fantastic views in all directions. Location will bring me back. Forget the Starbucks across the street, walk up Sutter a few blocks to Cafe Bean - 800 Sutter. Nice little coffee shop with good bagel sandwiches or a full breakfast.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great location anf front desk - dirty room	Booked through Hotwire. 2 nights as $230. No king size available, but they &quot;upgraded&quot; us to a Club room. (no difference from the non-Club room) Room was small, kind of dingy and smelled musty. Toiletries were substandard. All of these things were ok since the room had a great view of the city and the location is stellar........until the next day we noticed a stain on one of the beds - on the bottom sheet. After pulling it back, it seemed that someone, who stayed there previously, vomited on the bed, made it up and it was not checked by the maid. It soaked through the mattress and was disgusting. We reported to the front desk and they promptly changed us to a different room. Funny thing though, when we returned to the original room to gather our belongings, the room had been cleaned. we checked the bed and the maid had not changed the sheets! Even though we left the bed with only the bottom sheet on and the stain was exposed. Obviously, the housekeeping staff needs some updated training. The room we changed to was similar in size and amenities, but with a dirtier window. Aside from all of that, the staff was very courteous and the location cannot be beat. Will not return. Many hotels in this area and no need purchase off of hotwire again for this area.	
Sep 7 2009 	Perfect Location	Just about to go to bed on our last night of three at the Grand Hyatt. This hotel is in the perfect location to experience San Franciso. There is nothing particularly amazing about the hotel, but nothing bad either. Lobby is nice, rooms are nice but small. The fitness centre is great. The concierge desk is very helpful especially with dinner reservations. If you want to splurge don't miss Fleur de Lys, well worth every penny. Would definitely come back.	
Sep 4 2009 	Good central location generic hotel.	We stayed here for 5 nights in August. The hotel is well located just yards from Union Square and a steady 30 minute walk from Fisherman's Wharf.Although we were on a high floor, we were facing away from the Bay so the view wasn't great. The room itself was a good size for the three of us with 2 double beds. The furniture was looking a little tired around the edges and the vacuum cleaner had obviously struggled to reach the edges of the room. That said, the room was pleasant enough and the bathroom was clean and well fitted.I do find myself slightly irritated by the exhortation to re-use towels etc.The front desk staff were pleasant but I can't comment about the other facilities as we didn't use them.	
Aug 29 2009 	Excellent Service	Choose the hotel as it was very near to where my meetings were to be held. Must say the service,staff and location were amazing. Very helpful staff always ready to arrange a cab and give directions. Have already made my next reservation for a conference i have to attend in October.	
Aug 28 2009 	Fantastic Location  Great Bar	We recently stayed at this hotel as part of a 3 week trip and at first the hotel is very impressive, lobby smart and the staff very helpfulValet parking was great but not cheap.Location is superb and you can get a tram back to within 300yds of the hotel.Views from the bar are fantastic and breakfast was plentiful, again staff were great.Only downside for us was the room - quite small and the bathroom could have done with a refit as it was starting to show its ageOverall very good hotel	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Location Service Needs Some Improvement	My family had a very nice 4 day stay to kick off our summer vacation. The location is terrific - near Union Square and Chinatown - and our rooms were very clean and comfortable - beds were so soft. The service, however, was not quite what I expected. In the last 30 minutes of our stay, I have to say I was pretty disappointed. When we were checking out, we called for a bellman to take our bags, and we asked that our car, which was parked in the hotel lot, be left for us. Twenty minutes later, someone from housekeeping arrived to deliver the rollaway bed that we had, according to him, just requested. I called the lobby to ask why we were incorrectly sent a rollaway instead of a bellman. The gentleman said &quot;I didn't send a bed to you! I didn't send anyone to you!&quot; I asked where the bellman was and he said he would find out and quickly hung up. The bellman finally showed, and when we arrived in the lobby, our car was nowhere to be found. My husband informed the parking attendant we had called for our car 30 minutes earlier, when we called for a bellman. The attendant told my husband that he never received the call so we'd just have to wait 30 minutes, as though we were just now requesting our car. I have to say we were pretty surprised with that answer. But we did receive our car a few minutes later and were able to leave.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great location. Pricey parking. Quality room with helpful staff.	I was pleasantly surprised to get this hotel looking for a room on Priceline for a Saturday night in San Francisco. For the $77 bid, I stayed here for one night, Sat Aug 22. This was a great deal for the room that we were given. We arrived after dinner, and the staff were courteous and quick to find a good room for us. We had an upper level room with a good view of the Financial District and the TransAmerica building. The room was spacious, comfortable with quality linens. We did not have any coffee and associated sugar, cream and these were promptly attended to by the staff. In the morning, we had a good recommendation for breakfast and enjoyed walking around the Union Square area. We checked out and then spent the day on the cable car (right outside the door) to Fisherman's Wharf. It was very close to Chinatown as well. All in all a very good stay, for good value on the price paid. The only downside was expensive valet parking or expensive city parking across the street. Being a downtown location, this has to be expected. I would recommnd to others.	
Aug 26 2009 	Clean rooms great location not sure about value	The location is hard to beat- you're only a Levi's away from Union Square. The hotel is located within 2 blocks of tons of shopping and restaurants, Market Street, BART, and not 1, but 2 Walgreens. It's also a very nice area, compared to the somewhat nearby Civic Center area. However, if I had to pay list price for this hotel, I wouldn't think it was all that great of a value. I bid really low on Priceline and was able to get a great deal, and thus for what I paid, it was a great value. I would stay here again only through bidding for a room. It also would make me feel better about wasting money to access their hi-speed internet.	
Aug 24 2009 	Typical Hyatt - nice place pricey restaurant	Nice hotel in a good location. Like most Hyatts, the common areas are elegant, the rooms comfortable but nothing special. This hotel's rooms were smaller than those in other Hyatts - typical of most hotels in this area.I usually think Hyatt's restaurants are pricey but this one was over the top - $30 for a simple buffet breakfast. After that experience on the first morning, I didn't patronize the hotel restaurants. The Irish restaurant across the street was a much better choice - excellent food at reasonable prices. There's a 50's diner a few blocks away that was also very good.The concierge was great - very knowledgeable about the area and extremely helpful in arranging transportation. Had a few problems at checkout since they didn't separate the bills as I had requested upon checkin. Finally got things straightened out, but it took and hour and two levels of supervisors to get it done.	
Aug 22 2009 	The Grand wasn't that grand	The hotel was in a GREAT location, close to all the downtown shopping.but once we walked in the room was average. we stayed on the 32nd floor and had a great city view. but the tv was likely a 10 year old tv. The Bed was great.the bathroom was average, and had a small 5&quot; tv. that was long and likely from 1990.there is NO pool.. I just assumed a 4 star hotel would have a pool.the view from the 36th floor restaurant was amazing, but you could stay at motel 6 and come eat up here as well.the lobby is just average.I travel a bunch, and this would easily be a 3 star hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	Service needs Improvement ASAP !!!	I must tell you I love Hyatt Hotels, and this is a rare thing to happen in the Hyatt. This is a very nice hotel in a very nice locations, only a stone throw from union square. My family checked in before me a few hours, it took them almost half an hour to check into 2 rooms. Despite being the only people checking in at 10pm. My family had 3 small children with them, you can imagine the scene, Rooms are no doubt very nice,Small, dated but clean. entertainment system is nice with ipod dock (very common now) upon checking out we were charged wrong for our rooms, we have booked a package from hyatt.com which includes a free 3rd night, but the staff says she has no idea how to put that in the system so she is going to charge it for all 3 nights. I had to literally print out my booking from the business center to show her my booking before she took it out of our bills. we have 3 rooms in the same package. If I did not notice this mistake we would have been charge for 3 extra nights at 280$ + services. How can you not know how to calculate the room rates. You are a front desk staff. I think you will be better off as a porter. 2 thumps up for the concierge staff, they knew the best places to eat in SF. Tips: Valet parking is very expensive, and the lot opposite the hotel is a cheaper place to self park.	
Aug 11 2009 	Fabulous location great service close to shopping	We stayed in the Execute Suite at the Grand Hyatt. We are a family of 5 with 3 teens, there was plenty of room.There is one king bed in one room, the second connecting room has a sofa bed, large dining table with 4 chairs. The bonus is there is 2 bathrooms. We also requested a rollaway plus a fridge, both of which were there upon check in. We were up on the 16th floor, great view, very quiet room. Ordered room service twice, prompt delivery, great food.The hotel is a little older so the bathrooms are a little dated, the rug was showing wear, but the hotel is very clean.I would definitely stay here again, very close to shopping, close to cable car line also.Make sure to visit Alcatraz and take the audio tour, book tickets well ahead of time. Also visit Fishermen's Wharf, and ride the cable cars too. Lots of fun.We also used the gym. Also used the computer in the lobby to print boarding passes. No soda machines or gift shop in this hotel. Bought snacks and drinks at Walgreens across the street.Starbucks is also across the street.	
Aug 8 2009 	Noisey wallpaper in the bathroom but clean and great location	I'm on the wall on this one. It certainly isn't up to the level of other Hyatt hotels.The noise levels were the main problem here both outside (thin windows) and in the hall outside. The bathrooms need abit of modernising, it's the first time I've seen wall paper in a 4* hotel bathroom in years.Having said that the rooms are clean and beds fine. Staff are pretty helpful and the location it spot on. If I had paid full price for my stay I would think it over priced but though priceline for $110 it was fine.	
Aug 5 2009 	Grand Hyatt - location perfect especially for firework viewing!	The Grand Hyatt was expensive, of course you know that because it is directly in Union Square. We ended up booking directly through the hotel's own website and using our AAA card for a discount. Make sure you book their concierge level floors (31-36). These floors have better views as they are up higher, serve a pretty decent breakfast, and evening snacks and discounted alcohol. The breakfast had lox, bagels, fruits, and plenty of pastries. They even served Starbuck's and Seattle's Best Coffees. For afternoon snacks they had sushi one evening, and shrimp appetizers the next. The alcohol you can purchase is wine, beer, and a few hard liquors with juices for mixing. We had San Fran's local beer, Anchor Steam, which is pretty tasty ($3 a bottle). It's a lot cheaper then their bar on the 36th floor (which you should check out...go early for a table by the window). The Concierge level also has free wi-fi, you have to pay for it in your room!The Grand Hyatt has an awesome location right on Union Square...if you're coming to shop the extra cost to stay here is worth it! We didn't eat in their restaurants, so I cannot comment on those. But we did get special VIP treatment from the waiters in the Concierge level....they kept it open after hours and allowed us to watch the fireworks from the lounge! It was amazing...there were only about 10 of us in there, we each had a window seat with a nice comfy lounge chair. We got lucky and there was hardly any fog.Check-in and check-out were easy. There was a weird mini-bar charge (which was my fault since we moved stuff around in the fridge to put our own drinks in there)...but the girl at the front desk removed the charge with 1 phone call. Valet parking was quick and easy, of course you do pay a pretty penny for this service. Amenities in the room are nice, all the right touches. The shower was awesome, perfect water pressure. The pillows on the bed left something to be desired.You should stay here....it's worth the extra $$$!	
Aug 4 2009 	Great location but understaffed hotel	The Grand Hyatt is right in Union Square so you can't get a better location for sightseeing and shopping. The only problem is the hotel appears to be severely understaffed. I arrived at 9 pm on a Wednesday evening and there was only one front desk clerk. A large family was right in front checking in with lots of questions and issues. I had to wait 15 minutes for them to finish as I was next on line. I was shocked that they didn't have a second front desk clerk to help. Even the bellhops were uncomfortable with the amount of time it took. By the time I got to the front desk, there were 5 people behind me waiting and angry. Seems like they have problems staffing according to load. If a hotel is charging $350/night for a standard room on a busy weekday in this recesssion, one would think that they would at least have a second or third person on duty. Or train the bell staff to help out? Otherwise, the stay was great. I concur with the comments below that the rooms are comfortable and great views but the bathrooms need to be updated. I had a bathtub from the 70's with a shower that didn't quite work right. I LOVED my housekeeper, so friendly, so professional and went out of her way to help.	
Jul 29 2009 	Disappointed	Being a 'regular' Hyatt visitor I didn't think that this hotel lived up to previous Hyatt experiences. Lobby - Dark and dingyLifts - extremely slow. So slow that my husband and I walked down from the 9th floor as it was quicker and easier.Room - We had a double queen. The room itself was dark and quite depressing. The colors, brown and rust along with the dark wood furniture made the room feel smaller. We were four staying and we all felt as though we were on top of each other.Beds were very comfortable and quite large for queen bedsBreakfast - recommendable if only for the fantastic view over San Francisco!! Although we did use the Starbucks which is directly opposite.A couple of mornings we were a bit slow off the blocks (maybe 9ish) and had the maid constantly barging in asking when we will be leaving so she could clean!Bathroom - Brightly lit and clean. Shower was powerful and good. Towel's a plenty, large, very white and fluffy.Best thing is the location. Chinatown a very short walk away as was the tram and public transport to all the major tourist areas. Macy's and other large shops are within throwing distance.We hired the hotel car to take us to the airport which was very reasonably priced, quick and convenient.This hotel was at best average. I would say it needs a make over to brighten it up and make it more appealing. There was condensation on the window's and the air conditioning vent rattled a bit which was disturbing - although this was probably just our room.(Additional advice - If visiting san Francisco even in Summer, take plenty of jackets and sweaters - it was so cold!)	
Jul 27 2009 	Do not touch this hotel with a barged pole	I, my wife and my 15-year-old son stayed at Hyatt Hotel Grand SFO San Francisco from the 3rd of June to 6th June 2009.I chose this hotel because of its access and proximity to some of the important places in San Francisco.On the first night itself we started to hear knocking sounds on the door of the room and some people talking loudly. We had a disturbed night and my son whose bed was closer to the door was particularly disturbed.The next night again, the loud knocking from the door started and would happen after every half-hour to one hour.Unable to sleep, I called the reception at 5 a.m. in the morning and narrated these problems. I was told that the noise was perhaps because of the high winds and the fact that minor earthquakes keep occurring in San Francisco. I specifically asked if anybody else had reported similar problems that night as the problems with high winds could not be only for me and not for the others. I was told that nobody else had reported similar problems that might. However, I was promised an upgrade of room the next day. The next day I narrated my tale of woes in writing and give it to the reception. I was promised that by the evening my room would be changed and that I would be upgraded as compensation for the disturbance that I had to bear for two consecutive nights.However, in the evening I was told that there were no better rooms available and that I would have to shift to a room on the lower floor. I reluctantly agreed as I had no choice in the matter. I expressed my serious reservations at the manner to the hotel authorities who were attending to me. Late in the evening I received a call from the reception who stated that complementary the breakfast coupons were being sent to me and the same could be used the next day.The next day the three of us had breakfast which needless to add was very ordinary. We handed over the coupons to the attendant.We checked out to another hotel the next day and were expressly told at the reception that there were no dues outstanding against us.On receipt of my credit card statement after about 15 days I was surprised to find that USD 106 had been charged from me.I promptly called the accounts department of the hotel and asked them for the details of USD 106 charged from me. I was shocked to learn that they had charged me for the complimentary breakfast. I narrated that incident to the person who expressed her surprise that no such complaint etc was recorded in the computers of the hotel. I told her to look into this matter as there was something very wrong going on in the hotel. I haven’t heard from the Hotel since then. I have never experienced such a casual and lackadaisical approach from the staff of a hotel in my life. It is as if they are not bothered about customer relations and their prime motive is to make money whichever way, out of whoever comes to the hotel.Needless to add that till date despite written complaints I do not have any form of apology from the hotel.Other than a reasonably good location, there is nothing at all in the hotel to be talked about.	
Jul 23 2009 	good views	Stayed here for 4 nights as part of a Virgin package. We were in room 717. This was a spacious room for wheel chair users. It had a connecting door to the next room. The guests there had some friends back at 1.30am and were so loud it was as if they were in our room and went on till gone three. Very inconsiderate. The receptionist was not at all friendly when we arrived at 10pm. She didn't look at my Hyatt gold passport.We had a cocktail in the bar on the 36th floor. Tremendous views and not overpriced for drinks.The door men were really nice and friendly. The location is superb. We walked around a great deal, it took us about half an hour to get to fisherman's wharf.We had prebooked our Alcatraz trip which was good idea.It was fully booked four days in advance.Good shopping right outside the hotel and places to eat.Now something to watch. We gave our credit card when we checked in as we had to in all other hotels on the tour with no problems. We also gave in our voucher for the accommodation paid for by Virgin.When we came to check out there was a queue and we tried the automated machine in the lobby.It said we owed over$600. We knew we owed nothing so duly queued up and the man confirmed it was all paid for by Virgin.Imagine my suprise when I checked my credit card statement and saw I had been charged. I rang the hotel from England and spoke to a very helpful man in accounts called Bennie. He refunded the money but due to a change in exchange rates it has left us $20 out of pocket. Another international phonecall and they now want a copy of my bill so I am hoping eventually I may get this back. Be careful to check this doesn't happen to you.	
Jul 22 2009 	Nice hotel in a perfect location	A lot of people seem to be disappointed with this property, but out of the Union Square hotels at which I've stayed the Grand Hyatt is by far my favorite.The rooms range from almost New York City compact to spacious, depending on the ability of you to stretch your budget, but even the regular guest rooms are quite comfortable. The beds are wonderful and the rooms surprisingly quiet for a city location.Unlike some high-rise hotels I've stayed at I've been impressed by the ability to easily get an elevator whenever I've stayed here - I've never had to wait more than a minute or two.I also highly recommend the Grandviews lounge atop the hotel. An excellent view at night, but the view is completely jaw-dropping during the day.The exercise room is also now open 24/7, a nice plus after a long day of meetings.The location on Union Square also can't be beat - the fact that it's set back a bit from the square keeps it a bit quieter than many other nearby properties.The TVs in the room are older CRT models, but with Union Square right outside the door, except in the morning who has time to watch TV?My only complaint would be the highly confiscatory daily rate for valet parking - higher than any other Union Square hotel as far as I can tell (though within $5/day of most other nearby properties.)	
Jul 10 2009 	Great Location Average Room	Great Location, Average Room. We have stayed at this Hyatt twice - it is is fine if you get a good deal, but really needs to be updated. Staff is friendly and helpful.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great Stay	I recently booked reservations at the Grand Hyatt SF for one night, and I was very pleased with my stay. It was my girlfriend's birthday, and we decided to eat dinner in SF and celebrate her birthday at a club near by the hotel. I booked the Hyatt so that we can just walk back to the hotel and not worry about having to drive home after a night of drinking. I parked my car across the street, at the Union Square garage and it was $31 for the night. The hotel's parking would have been $50 per night.  Check-in and out was very fast and efficient, along with great customer service. The rooms had a modern decor, yet no flat screen TV. However, most importantly, the rooms were clean and spotless. In the morning, we went to the Starbucks, which is right across the street, and walked around Union Square. We even walked along Market St. because there was a gay parade going on. The location of the Grand Hyatt is an ideal location for anyone visiting San Francisco. If you stay at the Grand Hyatt SF, you will be steps away from shops, restaurants, and bars/clubs. Chinatown is a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel as well. Overall, I was very pleased with my stay and would recommend the Grand Hyatt to anyone coming to visit San Francisco.	
Jun 26 2009 	Disappointed	This Hyatt was not up to Hyatt standards. I had stayed here three years ago and was very pleased. Balcony doors no longer open (which is one of the reasons I chose to stay here again), carpet was stained, trash under the bed and the bathroom door was dirty. The second day I finally wiped the door down myself. In four days, with three people in the room we only received one water glass and since I accidently booked it for two people (although at check-in there were three of us and we were given three keys) so we only had towels for two. After our room had been serviced the second day I went to the front desk to mention no glasses and shortage of towels and she didn't want to be bothered, although we did receive more towels. She mentioned something about &quot;being green&quot;. Well, I'm not sure three people sharing one glass for four days is my thought of &quot;being green&quot;. I originally booked it for five nights and had to change it to four nights which caused the rate to go up?? I doubt I would stay here again and would probably opt for the Westin at Union Square.	
Jun 24 2009	Awesome Location to everything happening in San Francisco.	Love the location of this hotel. Throughly enjoyed are stay at the hotel. Ate at the &quot;Grandview &quot;breakfast and dinner were very expensive. The best view is in the Lounge not the restaurant. Price wise try the other restaurants on the area.Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 23 2009 	Overpriced	I have to admit that the location and view was perfect. But the overall experience was not. We made two reservations with them. One for a friday and saturday check-in but found out that we could make it over on thursday so we called to extend our stay or to get an earlier stay. Not only did they price us double the price we orginally got but also did understand the connection of having already booked a room for the next two nights. So instead I called priceline and booked a room for a much lower price. I have to admit I rather deal with priceline than direct service with Hyatt. Which says alot about Hyatt's overall customer service. But the bummer or reason for this low review is that after we left on Sunday they charged two charges on a debt card that was only used for the bar. This debt card was not used to hold the rooms nor were they given to the front desk. We called to ask about the charges and they say they could not help us. Only the accounting department could help. We asked them how was it possible not to be able to tell us what the charges were for. The lady on the line say its because they we a high end hotel therefore other departments took care of such things. Told us the accounting department will call us. They did not after two days! Only to reverse the charges 3 days later without a call or notice. I think this has to be the worst customer service I ever recieved from a hotel Econolodge even has better service. They charge for everything! No free internet/no free business center/ 45 dollars per day for parking. For 150 dollars a night you would think at least the internet was free.	
Jun 19 2009 	Great Location	We found the hotel a great base for exploring San Francisco. The location is perfectly located, overlooking Union Square with great shopping and eating within a short distance. The rooms are smallish but comfortable and clean. The gym which my son and myself used every day is well equipped and well stocked with towels earphones etc. The only things I didnt like was the overpriced internet access and in-hotel restaurant. When will hotels like this learn that if they price their restaurants to compete with local establishments you will eat in their hotel and give them money. They just dont seem to get it. Internet in this day should be free not a reason to rip people off. A tip: The Cheesecake factory is a great well priced but very, very popular restaurant located on the top floor of Macy's just across Union Square. They dont take bookings and waiting time can be an hour plus. If you talk to the concierge they can actually make a booking for you that gives you a priority. We used it twice and only had to wait 5-10 mins both times. Great food	
Jun 14 2009 	Excellent hotel at great value	Excellent location in downtown SF, overlooking Union Square. The lobby had a modern feel to it and the rooms was large and comfortable. The view from my room (on the 22nd floor) was stunning. The service (especially the concierge) was great. All of this was for a price of about $125 a night, which was very low given the location (at least one other hotel in the area was asking for twice that).	
Jun 10 2009 	Excellent Hotel With and Excellent location	This hotel has a great lobby and is in an unbelievable location. The rooms are a bit dated for such a grand hotel, no flat screens, dated bathroom etc but it is a 3.5 star hotel for sure.The location is great as it is right on Union Square and walking distance to china town and the trolleys, I talked to the wharf and it was not difficult.The 36th floor bar has awesome views that really blow your mind, drinks are pricey as one would expect.	
Jun 8 2009 	Loved the location	This is one of the best hotels to stay during the Oracle Open World. Walking distance from the Muscone Center and has lots of shopping &amp; dining options near it.	
Jun 6 2009 	Awesome Priceline deal	Great room with friendly staff. Posh roomy room. AND I got it for $65 a night!	
Jun 6 2009 	Perfect Location Nice Hotel	Brilliant location, litereally on Union Square (borders it). The underground station and tram lines were about 2 mins away (2-3 blocks). The famous cable car was also 1 block away.The hotel itself was clean, good room, clean. Staff were friendly and helpful. We did not use the hotel bar or restaurant but did visit the main one, which is on the 36th (top) floor which had great views of the city.	
Jun 4 2009 	Magnificent views and excellent service	We checked out of the Grand Hyatt yesterday and couldn't have been more pleased with our stay. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. We were traveling with children and asked the concierge for a kid friendly Italian restaurant. She recommended Uncle Vito's which was unbelievably inexpensive and wonderful, only two blocks away and was the best meal of the trip. Our room was on the 22nd floor overlooking Union Square - and of course the bay views behind the city. The linens were excellent and of typical Hyatt quality. Our bathroom was marble and my only complaint was that the tub was small but that's to be expected of a hotel this age. The amenities were excellent.The views from the 36th floor lounge and restaurant were 360 degrees and incomparable! I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially since we got it on Priceline for $80, what a bargain!	
Jun 1 2009 	Nice Stay at the Grand Hyatt San Francisco	Stayed at the Grand Hyatt for 3 nights during the middle of May. Nice lobby, clean rooms, comfortable beds, big bathroom with a good shower. The AC/heat was individually controlled with a digital thermostat and worked well. Our room was very quiet, was cleaned daily and restocked with towels while we were out during the day. The hotel is right in Union Square with easy access to mass transit and lots of shopping and places to eat nearby. No complaints!	
May 30 2009 	Great Room and Superb Location in Union Square	This hotel is in a superb location in San Francisco. One to two blocks from Saks Fifth Avenue, Neiman-Marcus, Macy's and many more designer stores. A couple more blocks away is Bloomingdale's and Nordstrom (Westfield Shopping Centre). BART station (Powell) is also in walking distance, as this was my mode of transportation from SFO. Room was on 16th floor and was very clean and comfortable. Large Bathroom. A this might not be a big deal, but I like a hotel that provides an in-room coffeemaker, which this Hyatt provided! Lobby personnel were very friendly too!	
May 29 2009 	Pretty good value	We stayed in the Gran Hyatt for four nights last week. Upon arriving at the hotel, I was not pleased with the check-in service. We had to wait 15 minutes to be waited on, then we were told to hold on a minute while the clerk answered the phone. They need a few more clerks for the crowd. Although clean and simple the lobby is pretty boring. There isn't anything but the check-in desk and the elevators. One upstairs, we were very pleased with our room. the room and the bathroom were spacious, comfortable and clean. The best part was the view. We were on the 25th floor and had an amazing view of the bay, Coit tower and Alcatrez. Couldn't have asked for a better room. The bar and restaurant on the top floor offered an amazing view. We had a drink, but couldn't afford anything to eat ;-) There is not free internet in the rooms, or in the business center. It is $5 for 15 mins. The hotel was in an amazing location, right in the middle of Union Square, shopping mecca! Any name brand department store and designer you are looking for is right around the corner.	
May 28 2009 	Average hotel in a incredible location	As my first time in a Grand Hyatt hotel I was expecting something more luxury. The rooms are ok with a good and big bed but that's all. What makes this hotel a good option in San Francisco is its location, close to Union Square and its stores and restaurants.	
May 26 2009 	Fantastic location great views large room	We booked one night at the Hyatt and were quoted a rate of $167 just from walking in off the street - this was much cheaper than other hotels in the area.Room was huge, with brilliant views of Union Square. I'm sure that any room from a reasonable floor upwards would have good views regardless of which way it's facing.The restaurant and bar on the 36th floor had great views of the city - worth going there even for just a drink in the bar - and they are children-friendly.	
May 26 2009 	Great room in a great location. Close to everything.	Three of us stayed at the Grand Hyatt near Union Square in San Francisco on Memorial Day. I reserved the room through Priceline on a name your own price offer. We couldn't have been happier.The check-in process was very easy. We arrived at 11 am and the front desk attendant was happy to check us in early and accomodated my request for 2 double beds. The rooms were very nice. Not the most modern rooms, but clean and inviting and our 17th floor room had a great view. The rooms do have some minor wear and tear, but that is to be expected. The bathroom was great, and the beds were fantastic.The best part to me was the great location. We were one block from the cable car line and 3 blocks from the Powell Street BART line. We flew in and out of Oakland, so the BART was a great way for us to get to and from the hotel. The Pier's are only a 15 minute cable car ride away.The concierge desk was especially helpful. We utilized them twice. On the second occasion, my wife wanted a very specific desert, and the concierge went above and beyond to find us what we were looking for.The parking is pricey, so we turned in our rental car (we had spent part of the weekend in Sacramento) and used the public transit. I would not recommend a rental car if staying at this hotel. You can buy 1 day, 3 day, and weekl long passes for the public transit and you can get everywhere you need to go.For some tourists looking for a place to sleep and shower, this hotel was perfect. It was great.	
May 23 2009 	Great Hotel	Hotel was clean, in a good location (can walk to chinatown and union square). Cabs to the waterfront are probably needed(lots of hills). Its a few blocks to the convention center but walkable. The hotel bar on the top floor is great (but pricey) but one of the best views of the city.	
May 23 2009 	Good Location But Getting a Little Long in the Tooth	I last stayed at this hotel in 2004 and at the time remembered being impressed by the location. Well the location has not changed but apparently neither has anything else in the hotel. While the hotel was clean, overall it has a worn appearance and is in need of renovation. As one reviewer noted this is more like a three star hotel than five star. The carpets are worn as are the rooms, I expected a little more from a Hyatt. The fact that they wanted to charge an outrageous sum for wifi access did not help. Will probably go elsewhere next time.	
May 20 2009 	Terrible Service at a Mediocre Hotel	We booked two rooms through priceline.com and got a good rate under a hundred dollars. When the other guest was not able to arrive until two days into the reservation i spoke with a Hyatt representative to make sure his room would not be canceled, understanding that we would still be paying for the unused nights. Again upon checking in i confirmed that the second room was still being held for his late arrival.Sure enough, when he arrived he was informed that his room had been canceled. The staff acknowledged that there was a note on the reservation saying to make sure it was not canceled, but nonetheless said there was nothing they could do. The front desk staff was rude and not at all helpful. It was embarrassing for me, and certainly for the hotel.This is a mediocre hotel, not a dump certainly, but there are many more comfortable hotels in the same part of town which are cheaper, and will undoubtedly treat you better.Needless to say, we will never stay in this hotel again, not in a city liek San Francisco with so many more civilized options.	
May 14 2009 	Average hotel in great location	The hotel itself is just average. Nothing special to mention. We got our room on Priceline.com, so we really didn't have any major complaints. It was a deeply discounted rate. It was clean, but I would not rate it a 4 star. It's more of a 3 star hotel with 5 star location. The staff was friendly and helpful. Our biggest concern was parking. If you are on a budget, they charge $50 plus tax for parking. This I have to say is the biggest rip off, especially when you can park just across the street at the Sutter/Stockton parking structure for much less, depending on when you enter and when you leave. Keep in mind that there's no in/out privileges. Our first night's parking was $17 and second night's was $15. Big difference versus $50 a night. Save your money and park your car yourself. If you want in/out privileges, there's another structure on Sutter for $35 for a 24 hour period. If you are not looking for the little extras, you will find this hotel to be good.	
May 5 2009 	Location Location Location	The hotel was typically upmarket chain. Efficient service but not over friendly, comfortable but not luxury. However the location was brilliant, right in the heart of the city on Union Sq and its well worth a recomendation for that. Not a million miles from the Powel St Bart station so no need to get an airport taxi if you are travelling light	
Apr 20 2009 	Nice location and beautiful hotel.	Check in was easy, very helpful front desk. Nice, clean rooms with beautiful views of the city. Good size and nice bathroom with all the essentials. Check out was easy via telephone. I'm looking forward to staying here, again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Excellent Service Clean Rooms but no parking	First of all, be aware that this hotel does not have parking. In fact, you have two choices: valet ($45/night) or public parking ($35/night). I wish I had known this before booking. With that said, the hotel itself was very clean, amenities felt new, and the staff was superb! From the moment we arrived, the staff was super helpful and cordial from the bell man to the restaurant staff. We had dinner at the Grandview Restaurant on the 36th floor, and felt pampered by the service (even though we had a very messy 10-month-old with us). The next morning, they let me stop by their buffet and pick up some pastries to bring up to the my room (for a very reasonable price). The staff even went out of their way to help me with my baby and stroller.The location was excellent... just a block away from Macy's and in the center of Union Square. I'm glad the hotel was kid-friendly after all. Downside - Wifi was $9.99, and of course lack of parking. Overall, I felt like everything was clean in the room, had a decent view (and we were only on the 5th floor), and didn't have any problems.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great location loud clicking	We were a little worried after reading some of the reviews. So here is the truth from an unbiased couple. The location is awesome. The rooms are fine. They are nice and not &quot;outdated&quot; or anything else, although we did not see them as worthy of a $200 price tag, if you pay the regular price. Our $89 Priceline rate seemed like a really good deal. The staff was wonderful and very accomodating. Everything was great... except the clicking! Wow, if you are a light sleeper, it will drive you nuts. The staff said it happens when the wind blows and is worse the higher you go. Something about the hotel moving and earthquake safety. It sure was loud though. So we gave up our view on the 10th floor and moved to the 4th. It was much better and we were not in the room much anyway. If you want the view, head to the restaurant.	
Mar 24 2009 	A Nice Return Visit	This was our third stay at the Grand Hyatt, San Francisco, so we are obviously pleased with the property. We find the overall location perfect, right at Union Square, close to the BART, Westfield Mall, walking distance to the Embarcadero, North Beach and Chinatown. We ended up walking almost everywhere we needed to go, except for a taxi ride to a Russian Hill area restaurant.Our room was as expected, on the Gold Passport Floor with a pleasant upgrade allowing us access to the Regency Lounge. This is a very nice lounge overlooking the city for coffee in the morning, drinks in the afternoon and dessert in the evening. A nice place to relax while reading the newspaper and talking over plans for the day.Service from the front desk and concierge was pleasant and efficient. We had the opportunity to stay at the new Intercontinental and also the nearby Fairmont for this visit, but chose the Grand Hyatt, mostly because its location was ideal for what we wanted to do and we are comfortable with the level of service and amenities.	
Mar 23 2009	Excellent A+++	My mom and I booked the Grand Hyatt because it was centrally located in Union Square. We had awesome help from the conceige before we arrived (transportation to/from SFO, around the city, etc) Check-in was a breeze once we got there. Our room over looked Union Square on the 31st floor. We caught the Culture Bus to California Academy of Sciences (GG Park) a block away and were dropped off even closer to the Grand Hyatt. I would recommend to anyone that wants a hotel in easy access to everything. Cable cars were a block away on Powell (didn't ride them in this trip, but I love them). The view from the Grandviews lounge on the 36th floor is to die for (We caught it on an afternoon where it had rained the night before and you could see the Bridges (GG and Bay), Alactraz, and Transamerica building)	
Mar 1 2009 	Best location!	This hotel has attentive and welcoming staff from the moment you step off the pavement. Check-in, bell boys and concierge staff are welcoming and friendly and one of the strengths of this hotel.The other is the superb location just off the corner of Union Square. As such, the rooms (27th floor) and bar have superb views of Powell Street or of San Francisco. The bar also serves great cheese cake. Nearby you are also served with plenty of Starbucks and Walgreens.The room: I can understand criticism of them being dated or noisy with wind but they are decent rooms of good size, clean, and the noise is not that loud you become troubled by it. Concierge recommended a great Chinese restaurant ( Hunan Homes) that was a real gift of a find. There is also a great meal and good service to be found at nearby Scala's Bistro. Best breakfasts have to be at Sears...an American Institution. All of these are a short walk from the hotel.There is no doubt in my mind that the Grand Hyatt would be my first port of call for the next visit to San Francisco.	
Feb 28 2009 	Great staff beautiful view.	I stayed with two friends of mine at the Grand Hyatt for one night. One of my friend is a part of the &quot;gold membership&quot; or something, so we stayed on a private floor and got access to the private lounge. The lounge served Starbucks coffee and provided snacks throughout the day. In the evening they provided reasonably-priced drinks and free desserts. The mood of the lounge was relaxing, and the waiter they had working there was friendly. The rooms themselves were clean and had a breathtaking view. The location was wonderful, and the night we stayed it was raining so the hotel lent us these humongous umbrellas. Overall the stay was nice, and I would stay there again.	
Feb 26 2009 	Would stay again. Great deal for Union Square!	We got a great deal on this hotel on Priceline for 3 nights in mid February 2009. The location is awesome and you can walk everywhere in Union Square. When we checked in, they were extremely helpful and polite, which isn't always the case when they see you paid a lower rate for their rooms. I even asked how booked they were to see if we could have a room with a view. They happily obliged and gave us a room on the 25th floor facing Powell Street. Actually, the Starlight Room was directly across from us so it was kinda fun watching the parties over there from our window. The room was spacious, quiet, bed was comfy, staff was polite. I couldn't ask for much more than that for the great rate we got. We would definitely stay here again when in SF.	
Feb 18 2009 	Grand Hyatt has seen better days!	We just got back from a 5 day getaway to San Francisco and we stayed at the Grand Hyatt. The location is the truly grand part of this hotel. You can't ask for a better situated hotel especially if you like to shop! The hotel itself is very dated and in need of some major work. Our room was on the 29th floor and we had a great view. The bed itself was very comfortable but the linens were worn and the towels in the bathroom were rather threadbare. The bathroom was dated and unless you &quot;plugged&quot; the bathroom sink you could smell sewer! Also it was rather windy for a few of the days and the creaking noise in our room kept us up at night and when we called to ask what was going on, since the first 2 nights were nice and quiet, we were told that the creaking was caused by the wind and the building was moving slightly and there was nothing we could do!!! Not really what you want to hear when you are on the 29th floor! The windows were filthy and had childrens hand prints all the way down the lower half! The furniture was old and grubby. Wallpaper was starting to peel off!The bar on the 36th floor provided a great view but the drinks were very expensive.The staff were helpful and the best part of the hotel.There are many other hotels in the area I would check out before ever going back to the Grand Hyatt.	
Feb 8 2009 	Nothing	My wife and I chose the relative &quot;safety&quot; of the Hyatt brand for a long weekend anniversary trip to San Francisco recently. As a frequent business traveller, I've stayed at Grand Hyatts all over the country and have always been satisfied (a corner room in the amazing Grand Hyatt Seattle ranks as one of the finest hotel experiences we've ever had). Cons: Small, cramped lobby sports a1980's brass and mirror motif with ugly tile and does not make a good impression. There is no store/gift shop on site and no soda machines on the floors. You could go to the Walgreen's down the street for beverages, but your fridge is already stocked with $5.30 soft drinks. The planned 2009 room renovation cannot come soon enough for this tired, dated property. Saw pictures of two renovated rooms online but they were booked. Our small room was clean but shabby, with faded, ripped carpet along the window ruining an otherwise impressive city view. The tub/shower combo was old and grubby and the cold-war era shower head and faucet literally dribbled water. As previous reviewers have noted, the 18&quot; TV is as lame as the beat-up armiore that encloses it. Our walls were thin and we could hear the idiots next door with perfect clarity. On the plus side, the service was crisp, with friendly bellman and a helpful concierge. The new mattresses are excellent. There is no beating this location- right on Union Square, steps from the cable cars. I paid with points, which took some of the sting away. But we could've stayed anywhere in SF for our special occasion and this was a let down. Hyatt is wasting a golden opportunity to shine in this location.	
Jan 29 2009 	As you would expect	The hotel is in a great location and what you would expect from a 4 star chain hotel. Its big, its efficient and generally well run. Staff were also very friendly and helpful. A typically expensive bar - but an amazing view from the top of this building and well worth a look. Rooms were good - again, basically what you would expect from a 4 star chain hotel! Although the windows were so dirty it was hard to admire the view! Made an international call from my room; it was almost $100 for a few minutes to the UK....will not make the same mistake again!Overall, what you would expect from a Grand Hyatt. I still would recommend smaller boutique hotels in SF - better quality and better value for money.	
Jan 29 2009 	Decent hotel good service and very comfortable beds.	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt in San Francisco for 2 nights during our overseas trip. It is in a fantastic location adjacent to Union Square, shopping, restaurants and in close proximity to BART, Muni and cable cars.We finally arrived at the hotel at 3:30 am, exhausted after a delayed flight from Chicago. We were especially annoyed by the fact that the airline we flew with had left our luggage in Chicago. The lovely girl at check in accommodated us in the best way she could and asked for 2 hospitality kits (small bags with supplies such as toothbrushes, toothpaste, dental floss, mouthwash, razors, etc) to be sent up to our room. This was an absolute lifesaver.Our room was situated on a high floor with a beautiful view over Union Square. I must admit the room was a little dated, but it was attractive, spotlessly clean and very spacious. My only complaint would have to be the desk, which was more of a small table than a working desk. The bed was extremely comfortable and was just the thing I needed after spending most of the day in the air. The bathroom was a good size and clad with marble tiles however it would benefit from some modernisation as it seemed a little tired. The hotel gave us a good range of amenities in the bathroom as well as coffee and tea making facilities in the room.The following day after telling the concierge about the situation with our luggage, she took it upon herself to ring the airline and chase them up. She wasn’t able to get through to the baggage department right away, but she reassured us she would keep trying and do the best she could. We were impressed with her courtesy and professionalism. In the meantime, she organised a city tour for us which was fantastic as were only in San Francisco for the day and were able to see most of the city.When we returned to the hotel the concierge informed us that our bags were on their way. They arrived about an hour later which was a huge relief! If it hadn’t been for her we probably wouldn’t have gotten them back so quickly and as we were pressed for time, would have had to leave San Francisco without them! We were very grateful for her service.Overall our experience at the Grand Hyatt was great. The service was great, the room was comfortable and the location was perfect. My only one real complaint with this property would be that room service finishes at midnight (strange for a Grand Hyatt) and this was annoying as we would have loved to order some on our first night as we were starving. Besides that, I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone planning a visit to San Francisco.	
Jan 25 2009	Grand Hyatt Not So Grand	The dawn of the 21st century seems to have escaped this Hyatt. Beyond a very comfy bed, nice linens, and an iPod dock, the rooms are still living in the 70s and 80s. The lighting, vanity, and peach-colored tile in the bathroom scream 70s, and the traditional wood furniture is hopelessly outdated. As for technology, there is no real desk (just a table in the corner), no desk chair, only a couple of outlets near the &quot;desk,&quot; wifi costs $10/day, and when I'm staying at the &quot;Grand&quot; Hyatt I really don't want to be watching the same 18-year-old tv I have at home. (In fact, it was the same TV that was in a friend's room in one of the cheap old hotels on Post St.) The carpet was very unattractive and there seemed to be no consistent theme to the artwork. The room was not that much cheaper than some others I considered that I know are more up to date, and for the location and clientele, this hotel really needs to step it up.It was immaculately clean and the staff was friendly and the service good, the lobby is pretty and the 36th floor lounge was nice enough. But overall, I was extremely disappointed.	
Jan 25 2009 	Great Location	The hotel has a great location just north of Union Square, with easy access to shops, a nearby Walgreens pharmacy, cable cars, Muni and BART. My 8th floor room was clean but smaller than expected and faced east at another building. Rooms facing south have a nice view of the square (with lots of sun). The lobby is not a conducive space for meeting people. Without a doubt, the highlight of this hotel is the stunning view from the rooftop lounge and restaurant. It's well worth a stop for a drink or breakfast - service was excellent. You don't have to eat there to enjoy the east-facing view.	
Jan 22 2009 	Typical Hyatt Experience	It's a Hyatt, so you know what to expect. The service is going to be good, etc. The room was a little less than what I expected. There was no desk to work at, though I made do with a table that was there. The concierge floors give you access to a lounge for breakfast and appetizers, etc. throughout the day. The gym is pretty good. Most Hyatts have huge lobbies that make for nice meeting spots. That's not the case here. The only place like that is the bar/restaurant on the top floor. It's a nice restaurant with a real nice view.	
Dec 8 2008 	Thanksgiving treat	My boyfriend and I stayed here Thanksgiving night. We had dinner at Michael Mina, an overpriced restaurant at Westin St. Francis. Our 15th floor room at the Grand Hyatt had a view of Union Square. We could see the holiday lights and decorations, as well as the ice skaters in the Square. The room was a little crowded because of the two double beds (error I made while booking). There was no nightstand on the outer edges of the two beds. The bathroom was fine, though I was surprised there was no shower gel provided. Instead they had toothpaste, shampoo, conditioner, bar soaps, and lotion. The fluorescent bathroom light hummed annoyingly.Another bad thing--coffeemaker in the bathroom does not come with coffee. You have to PURCHASE the coffee from the in-room Refreshment Center. Lame. There is a Starbucks across from the hotel, though.We skipped valet parking and instead left the car in the Sutter-Stockton garage, which is diagonally across from the hotel at the corner of Sutter and Stockton. Much cheaper.In the morning I appreciated the free SF Chronicle outside our door. I like it better than USA Today.We live locally, so when we can get away from work, we sometimes come to SF because it's only about 45 minutes away. If you stay in Union Square, there's always something to do. It's less arduous than going all the way to wine country or the Monterey area when you have just one day off.	
Dec 7 2008	OK but not a good room	I have stayed here beofre, and wrote a similar review.Great location, bar and food. Geat service too.But, yet again, I end up with a clean and well equipped room, but in a horrible location. Opposite the ice machine, and on a low floor, the noise was dreadfull and the smell from a restaurant outside down below meant I had to switch off thtew heating.	
Dec 5 2008 	Long wait for Elevators	Every time i went out and back to the hotel, or when popping up to the gym, i had to endure long waiting times for the elevators. There are so many elevators but they always seem to be elsewhere. I stayed there for business and when i returned in the evenings after meetings, that seemed to be peak hours and there's a constant sizeable crowd waiting in the foyer.	
Nov 30 2008 	Thanksgiving Weekend Getaway	This hotel is in a great location and the staff was extremely friendly. My wife, daughter and I spent two wonderfuul nights over Thanksgiving. The Thanksgiving buffet was great and the view from our table was spectacular. I do hope the hotel gets a much needed renovation soon but I fear that in this economy, it will not.The CONDITION,not cleanliness, but CONDITION of the hotel kept me from giving 5 Dots. It is definitely clean but needs to be refurbished.	
Nov 27 2008 	I left my heart in San Fransisco	This htel was impressive from the outset. We arrived in our Town Car and greeted by the doorman who took our cases, and we quickly wandered to the reception desk to check in. This was a bit of a pain, as we booked a twin room and were told by the receptionist thatdespite us booking the hotel 12 months ago, they didn't have our room available, but they did have a double for the first night, and then we could move the next day. We agreed to take the double on the basis we could keep it for the duration of our stay as I really didn't travel 11hrs across the atlantic to swap rooms after one night!!Our room overlooked nothing impressive, which was a shame, but we got all the views that we needed from the restaraunt on the top floor, the food was expensive, but not brilliant, but the views were to die for, especially as we got there in time to catch sunset!!You can't fault the location of the hotel. Smack in the heart of Union Square, all the shops and convenience stores are right on your doorstep, out throught the foyer to the end of the block, take a left and forward two blocks and there's Walmart, out of the foyer and to the right and you have Macy's, Virgin Megstore, Louis Vitton ... the list goes on. It's between $7 and $15 to Fisherman's Wharf (depending on the time of day) for Pier 39 and Alcatraz cruise boarding, and I would recommend that if you're in a rush to get somewhere in the evening you try to get a taxi a good half hour before you need to be there as they become hard to come by the later the night gets. I would recommend that you research your stay, we sayed the same time as 'Team in Training', and to say that they took over the hotel is an understatement. And they impacted on everything, including creating a 30 min wait forthe lift (even though there was 5 of them!!). That said, the room was really cozy, bed comfortable, staff were amazingly friendly and it really was everything you could ask for in a hotel. By the time our 5 days were up and it was time to get our connection to LA, I was genuinely gutted to be leaving here, it felt like a home from home.If I were to go back to San Francisco, I would 100% stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 19 2008 	Enjoyable stay	Having read mixed reviews on Trip Advisor we were a bit unsure about staying at the Grand Hyatt for 5 nights in September but from the moment we arrived our worries disappeared.The hotel is in a great location just off Union Square, and stops for trams and streetcars are just a few minutes walk away. We booked a Regency Club King which was on a high floor and had excellent views of the financial district. The room was a bit smaller than expected, but the bed was extremely comfortable and the facilites were fine. Having access to the Regency Club Lounge was great. The views from there were even better than from our room - you could see the Financial District, Union Square, Coit Tower and the Bay. We enjoyed the complementary continental breakfast each morning and appetisers each evening. All soft drinks, tea and coffee were also free, only alcoholic drinks had to be paid for and given that it was a hotel, prices were reasonable. The staff in the lounge were welcoming and friendly.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in San Francisco and did all the usual touristy things, our particular favourites were biking the bridge with Blazing Saddles (we went as far as Sausalito), visiting Alcatraz and drinking lots of excellent champagne at Domaine Chandon during our day trip to Sonoma and Napa. We also enjoyed a delicous steak dinner in classy surroundings at Alfred's Steakhouse.	
Nov 13 2008 	Middle of the road - better options in the area	I stayed here for 3 nights in November, it was an OK hotel at best.The rooms were very small, mine didn't have a desk. There was no sundries store (you had to walk to a nearby Walgreens), the mini-bar was one of those that charges you instantly if you remove something, so if you want to read a bottle of vitamin water, you get charged, the TV was mediocre, the phone didn't work, and there was no wired Internet connection. Internet services is $9.95 a night (via tMobile). Room service menu is very very limited.The best thing about the hotel is the location in the heart of union square, about 5 blocks from Moscone. The sky bar is pretty nice as well, but next time I'll stay at the Hilton.	
Nov 10 2008 	Mixed Bag	Stayed at the Hyatt near Union Square last weekend and it was not a stellar experience, but there was no real hang ups either. The room I got was right across from the vending machines, so the noise was a factor, and my room was quite small. It seemed more like a european size to me. However the room was well appointed, and besides the tiny black and white TV in the bathroom, the room was fine. It does seem a bit dated with no flat screens and a b&amp;w!The bed was fantastic and the bar on the top floor was great with wonderful city views. One thing that did seem excessive was the valet parking fee, which was over $60 but I guess that is the price you pay for staying in Union Square.	
Nov 8 2008 	Dodgy start but turned out ok...	I visited this hotel in October 2008 for 4 nights. It was my first time to San Francisco and I was travelling alone. I had sat on tripadvisor for weeks beforehand as I just didn’t know which hotel I should book. I kept reading review after review and in the end I just took a chance and booked the Grand Hyatt, despite some of the bad reviews.I arrived at San Francisco airport and got a taxi to the hotel. Tip – Only get in yellow meter cabs, which will be waiting outside baggage claim. Do not go with the drivers that stand and offer their services for a fixed price. They will rip you off and often don’t have taxi licenses. When we pulled up at the hotel I paid the driver what was on the meter. He then said there was an extra $2 airport fee. I wasn’t really thinking at the time and I just paid it. When I got out of the cab I asked the receptionist if this was right and they said no. You only need to pay what’s on the meter. So please please please do not fool for this like I did! Also, the driver was very surprised when I only tipped him a dollar and muttered something rude in Spanish. I don’t really see the need to tip a taxi driver anyway unless they have provided an exemplary service. That goes for everything in America and as an English person I think it is quite frankly a disgrace the way a lot of Americans behave with the tipping system. I couldn’t give a monkeys that service is not included. People should only be tipped if they have really earned it.Anyway now on to the hotel! I had booked a Regency Club King which is a high floor room with a king bed, ‘luxury’ bath amenities and access to the Regency Club Lounge. Oh and lets not forget you are on a private floor so you have to use your key card in the elevator to access it – This is really just for insecure people who like to look important when they are in an elevator. The receptionist was friendly and I was escorted by the bellboy to my room. When I got to the room, there were two queen beds in it and like I said I had booked a Regency Club King. I went back downstairs and asked what this nonsense was all about. I was told that unfortunately they did not have any regency club rooms with king beds and that it was the only thing they could offer me. She tried to make out that a king bed is not guaranteed to which I replied – Why are you advertising something you can’t produce? I.e. False advertising. Well I’m not a mug so I asked to see the manager. She tried it on as well until I was about to leave and check-in to the Westin St. Francis instead – at which point she was able to find me a king bed on a high floor with a view of the financial district which is what I wanted. It wasn’t however on the regency club floor which meant I wouldn’t get to use my key card in the elevator. Big loss! I did however make sure that the robes and ‘luxury’ bathroom amenities were sent to the room as I was still paying for a Regency Club Room. By the way in case you are wondering, all rooms in this hotel are exactly the same. You just get a few extra luxuries in a regency club room and access to the lounge.I entered the room and I was pretty happy overall. The room itself was a pretty standard Hyatt room. You would think they would have flatscreen TVs for the price you are paying and the day and age we live in but no obviously not. Again, this didn’t really bother me. It was only a place to stay but the room was very presentable and well decorated I thought. There was an ipod port on the bedside table which was a nice touch and there was plenty of drawer and cupboard space. The bathroom is what I am always most concerned about in a hotel room but it was very clean and welcoming. The shower pressure was good and I didn’t encounter the problem of lukewarm water, which is often reported on here. If I wanted boiling hot water, that’s what I got. This was a relief as the frequent comments about this had worried me a little.One of the reasons why I also booked this hotel, was because it had windows that opened onto a small balcony and I can’t stand hotel rooms with windows that don’t open. I stayed in a skyscraper hyatt once with no windows and you just don’t get any oxygen in the room. It’s awful if you are spraying deodorant and hairspray or aftershave. How are you supposed to air the room? The air conditioning?! Do me a favour. Anyway I called the hotel before I booked it to make sure that the windows do open. I was told by the front desk that they open to about 4 inches, and if you want them open fully you need to sign a release form as they have had a couple of suicides in the past apparently. This sounded good except when I arrived I was told that this is not the case anymore and hasn’t been for the last year and you are only allowed to have the windows opened to the 4 inch mark. This wasn’t great to be honest and I was pretty annoyed as I was told something completely different. It also seemed ridiculous to have a balcony you can’t even use. You may think I’m a very picky person but when you are paying this sort of money, you have every right to be picky.I had a view of the skyscrapers of the financial district and the view really was spectacular, especially at night with all the buildings lit up. It really was wonderful and one of the great things about this hotel is the views you get from all the rooms, especially on a high floor.I had paid to have breakfast each morning in the Grandviews restaurant on the 36th floor. This really was spectacular to eat breakfast and look out over the whole of San Francisco. Probably one of the highlights of the hotel. The breakfast itself was very good. It is a small buffet but not too small. Plenty of choice. The ‘fresh,’ orange juice they offer you is clearly from a carton and I would expect freshly squeezed in a Hyatt and for the price I was paying. They also bring you a complimentary small glass of a strawberry smoothie each morning, which for the record, is also from a carton. The breakfast staff are very nice. Can be a little too talkative at times when you want to eat your breakfast in peace but I guess I should just lighten up a little.The staff overall in this hotel are absolutely superb. I was extremely impressed with all the staff here. Everyone will greet you with a smile on their face, and all the staff are extremely courteous and helpful. This was very nice to see. The concierge are fabulous at this hotel and they really cannot do enough for you. Probably the best concierge I have ever come across and I travel a lot. This was very refreshing and extremely impressive. The Regency Club Lounge is really nothing special. It is a small room on the 32nd floor and although the views are great, it’s not a very impressive room. They do a continental breakfast each morning which is ideal if you haven’t paid for the breakfast in the Grandviews restaurant. The hors d’oeuvres they serve in the evening are pretty poor. Just a small buffet area of poorly presented crudités, brocolli thrown in a bowl, dumplings and a few other random bits. It all just looks like left overs from dinner and I’m pretty sure it is. There is also a bar area but you do have to pay for alcoholic drinks. All soft drinks are free which was handy for me as I could get a bottle of water whenever I wanted.I did not sleep well at all in this hotel. At about 8 o’clock every morning there was a clicking noise that came from something in the room. It was extremely annoying and there was no way I could sleep with that noise. It sounded as though it was the air conditioning unit cooling down but I didn’t ever even use the air conditioning unit. Luckily I needed to get up around that time anyway so I didn’t bother complaining. The beds themselves are not bad at all. They are not the most comfortable I have ever slept in but they are definitely comfortable enough.Be very careful when checking out of this hotel and read through the bill very carefully! They will try and charge you for the minibar even if you haven’t used it. I guess they do this just to cover themselves. They were very relaxed about taking it off the bill so it was pretty obvious they do it all the time.I would probably stay somewhere else next time just to try something different. My experience here was good overall. It has its good points and bad points but I cannot justify the money I paid for it. I think I will try the Fairmont next time as it really did look spectacular and there is not much difference in the price.In terms of restaurants, I wouldn’t bother with the Grandviews restaurant for dinner. The food does not get great write-ups and the prices are absolutely insane. You are just paying for the view. If you want to see the view then pay for breakfast in there. Wouldn’t you rather say you went to a famous Wolfgang Puck restaurant for dinner than saying you went to the Hyatt for dinner? Trust me it’s the same price. Avoid the local Daily Grill restaurant down the street. The hotel recommends this but my steak in there was absolutely appalling even though it is a steak restaurant. I went to the Cardonian Room restaurant which is at the top of the Bank of America building (2nd tallest building in San Francisco). The views are stunning and the food is ok – very small portions. I like nouveau cuisine but this was too small. Do go on the Movie Tour if you get a chance. It’s a lot of fun. You’ll be sick of the voice of the tour guide after 3 hours and hearing about what films they have been extras in etc, but it is all good fun. Some great films have been filmed in San Francisco. Obviously do Alcatraz. You’d be stupid to go there and not to it. Was extremely fascinating. Get on the boat and go across to Sausalito. Very pretty town and nice to go there for lunch. The Golden Gate Bridge is one of the most spectacular things I have ever seen and if you like walking, do walk across it as the views are stunning. I would recommend taking the hop on hop off city tour on your first day to get your bearings and see a few of the sites. You needn’t waste money getting taxis around this city. Everything is close-by and it’s very easy to jump on a tram which will only cost you just over a dollar. Anyway if you have any questions, do not hesitate to send me a message.	
Oct 31 2008 	Perfect view of Union Square!	My stay here was nothing short of perfect. I was here for a business trip, and the company sprang for a corner room on one of the upper floors, giving me a gorgeous view of Union Square and the rest of San Francisco. The bed was the perfect blend of firm mattress and soft sheets, the bathroom was huge, and I got a copy of the San Francisco Chronicle every morning. The staff here is amazing...everyone always has a smile on, and there's always at least five people waiting to help you with your bags, opening the door, or getting you transportation. This place even has a gym, so I didn't have to hike to the nearest 24-hour Fitness on Montgomery. Only thing was that the internet was $10 a day, but I found that having to pay for internet is the norm among SF hotels. If I could afford this place, I'd definitely stay here when I'm in town for fun.	
Oct 14 2008 	disappointing	we spent 5 nights in this hotel and were very disappointed. With all the hype of the reception lobby we expected more in our room. The furniture was very dated and worn, the shower curtain had mould half way up and the windows were so dirty that you could hardly see out of them. As this was our first trip to the US we were really looking forward to 1st class treatment but as tourists we felt as though we were lower class. The restaurant was nothing special and very expensive. There was a folder in our room with examples of the menu but when we went for a meal nothing that was in the folder was on offer. We left our video camera for about 1/2 hour while we went shopping and when we came back someone had wiped it but the hotel is believing staff rather than us.	
Oct 9 2008 	Business Traveller	This was my first visit to San Francisco - Both Hyatt's Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf hotels had been recommended to us. We chose the Grand Hyatt on Union Square.The welcome at the hotel was very friendly and extremely informative. The lady on reception (apologies for not remembering her name) was very helpful with informing us with what was on in the city during our stay.The hotel room was basic but very clean and comfortable. It was noticeably catered for the business traveller.The location of the hotel is perfect for those who like to be in the middle of everything and like to shop and eat out. It is also ideally located for getting around the city as the trams system junction is 2 mins walk through the Square. You can get a tram to anywhere throughout the city from here. There is also a rail link to the airport minutes walk from the hotel. It takes on average 20 - 30 mins to walk from the Grand Hyatt down to Fisherman's Wharf, we did this every evening, which did make us think that we had made the wrong choice in hotel. However, the Hyatt at the wharf is only 3 stories high, so you are likely to be kept awake with noise from the street (if you are light sleeper like me) There is lots to see and do down at the Wharf - We also &quot;biked the bridge&quot; this was definitely the best part of our stay in San Francisco, the cycle up to Tiburon via Sausalito was great!.. both places are great places to stop for a great meal and a refreshing drink enjoying the scenery across the bay to the city. I highly recommend doing this on your visit.Alcatraz was a great as expected, very cold tho, even mid summer, so wrap up warm.Our stay in San Francisco was short but adequate. 4 days was enough to see everything we wanted to see and do.	
Oct 8 2008	Just ok Hyatt	Stayed here for a 49rs game. Room was clean but like some other reviews hot water was luke warm at best, room also a bit noisy from weekend functions being held at plaza in the rear of hotel . I was on the 4th floor overlooking the bay and view was magnificant. Atrium was not very attractive just plane and dark. Everything here is very expensive, parking, food, drinks. Hyatt prices. Anyway good location, trolley station and public transportation within feet of hotel. Chinatown and fisherman warf a good 15-20 min walk. I paid $200 a night group rate.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great sisters weekend in San Francisco-couldn't want better	Stayed at the Grand Hyatt on Union Square with my sister for a fabulous weekend 9/25/08-9/29/08. It is conveniently located close to Union Square shopping, the Mason St cable cars and the streetcars on Market down to the wharf. The hotel was very nice. The accomodations were clean and comfortable. There was individual air/heat control in the room-not one of those awful noisy wall units. The concierges were amazing. They knew the best ways to get around. They recommended a wonderful Hop-on/Hop-off tour of the city with the tickets good for two days at a very reasonable price. They recommended a fabulous little Italian restaurant &quot;Fino&quot; about 2 blocks walk away and made the reservations for us. They had an appropriate solution to any question or challenge we presented them. They went above and beyond the call of duty in all things. The staff in the breakfast area were very accomodating also and made sure our needs were met in a timely manner. Housekeeping was superb-when asked to bring an extra towel, they were there within 10 minutes. I would certainly stay in this wonderful hotel with this fabulous staff again. As a matter of fact, I am trying to talk my husband into a trip there next year. The beds are comfortable with down comforters and plenty of pillows for all tastes.We were hesitant based on some of the previous reviews. Once we realized that some of these reviews were 3 to 4 years old and when we saw the hotel and the quality of the service, we were sure we made the right choice.	
Oct 3 2008	What the hell!	Both my husband and I are hyatt platinum gold passport customers...1) check in - we had requested king room were given to small doubles (on honeymoon) - then moved to a higher floor with two small doubles...3rd time lucky moved to a king room.Which was gloomy, the bathrooms are awful the showers barely warm and drip water - no force.Sound proofing terrible.rooms in need of modernisation and the tvs are very 80's.2) Expensive - how at these prices internet access and PC is not free is ridiculous - any business service very expensive unreasonably so.3) Breakfast - buffet not worth it they serve concentrated juices and not fresh and only 3 hot items - two meat and eggs so if your a veggie you only get continental.Better value at the diners across the road.4) Location is great, views from 36th floor nice go for a drink in the bar around sunset.5) stay in one of the very many other choices you can have in this area.I will not be coming back - we stayed 10 days and its only the staff that made it a pleasure.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great location ok hotel	The hotel was close to China town. We were in town when the Chinatown Fest and the Chocolate Fest were going on. The beds are so so, but the rooms are clean.The concierge was not very knowledgable about what was going on in the area. He did not even know about the Chinatown Fest which was two - three blocks away. He also did not know about the Chocolate Fest at Ghiardelle's.	
Sep 29 2008 	Not that good	I stayed here on business one night and I am glad it was only one night..Upon check in I wanted a high bay view room with a king bed per my reservation. Instead I was given a room with a view of the city streets (along with two double beds). The windows were dirty too. I know it is pretty loud in downtown SF, but the soundproofing in my room could have been better.I didn't think this hotel was anything special. I would stay somewhere else if I were in the area again.	
Sep 28 2008 	Speaking of pigs and lipstick...	I was extremely disappointed with my stay here, so much so that I left after one night. I paid for the Regency Club level, which is a Concierge Suite that used to be the rotating restaurant at the top. The food in the suite was not plentiful, not especially tasty and definitely not filling. Much better at the Marriott and the Hilton.Although my room had some nice design elements (t.v. IN the bathroom mirror, lovely shower stall), there were far more detriments:- I asked for a quiet room. Noise from Market street even up on the 16th floor kept me awake, especially a thumping bass from who knows where.- I love a dark hotel room, but the phone on the desk had such a short line that I couldn't see any of the labels, couldn't move it close enough to a light.- Bedding was new and very stylish, but the bed was saggy. No bedbugs or signs of them, which is good.- Water pressure was weak and the shower wouldn't get hotter than lukewarm.- Main t..v. installed so that if you move the t.v. in the slightest, it unplugs itself. Cranky maintenance guy says he gets 10 calls a night. Plus they &quot;fixed&quot; the t.v. so that you can't pull it all the way out for comfortable t.v. viewing AND several of the major stations had lots of snow and white lines (how do you even do that with cable?).- I phoned for help when I couldn't find the concierge lounge (it had moved since my last stay there). Help was very unhelpful, treated me like I was an interloper when a simple instruction would have saved us all a lot of bother. Like most of San Francisco, customer service at the Hyatt is generally bad. SF Financial District Hilton much better at this.- As I had a prepaid visit via hyatt.com, I asked the front desk if I could leave a day early and still get my money back. They made me call reservations line, who told me it was up to the front desk. I called the front desk back, and he refused to believe he was wrong, and when I said &quot;but if you won't give me my money back and reservations won't give me my money back, who will? he said only that &quot;someone will.&quot; I'm anticipating having to go through my credit card company to get my $300+ dollars back.- Back when they filmed some interiors of High Anxiety, they had REAL plants hanging down the lovely interior cascade walls. Now they have a few fake plants, and it looks awful. - Ventilation/air conditioning is weird--at 6am I got someone cheap cologn/deodorant smell pumped into my room. What the?I work across the street from this hotel, but even in another work emergency, will pay whatever it takes to stay anywhere else. It clearly suffers from maintenance neglect, and slapping a little lipstick (fashionable bedding and furniture) on this won't make it a five star hotel. Inferior by far to the Financial District Hilton or even its sister hotel the Manchester Grand Hyatt in San Diego.	
Sep 28 2008	A good big city hotel experience	We found this to be the standard (nice) big city hotel with all the expected amenities. Standard additional charges too, for internet, telephone, etc. etc. etc. Our room on the 17th floor was clean, nicely furnished and adequate in all respects, particularly at the price point we got from Priceline Negotiator ($117+tax = just under $142 for a Saturday night). The hotel is very close to Union Square, but if you’re a walker it’s still within striking distance of the waterfront and most other parts of downtown. Didn’t try the restaurant, but the sunset view from the lounge on the 36th floor is definitely worthwhile.Be sure to plan your budget to include parking if you’ll need it. Expect the bums-rush in front of the hotel when you arrive, unless you'll accept valet parking at $49.50/day. Don’t be cowed though - You can offload your bags in front and then self-park in the exact same garage kitty corner across Stockton from the hotel for about $26/day!	
Sep 20 2008 	Great staff old and tired rooms	GREAT STAFF BUT...as a Hyatt Gold Card member, and for the cost, and because of the website's photos... we expected something more upscale. bed, pillows &amp; sheets were great, the rooms are very old &amp; VERY tired. the curtains were so full of moth-holes, the light shone right through! the carpet next to the walls was thick with dust (where a regular upright vacuum can't reach). the air conditioner rattled like an old car. the bedside lamp blinked like a strobe. the sliding glass door (that's supposed to open 4 inches for fresh air) was DUCT-TAPED SHUT, with duct tape all over the handle. the wallpaper was beginning to peel in the bathroom (why have wallpaper in a bathroom?). the batteries in the keyboard had run flat. the message light blinked and blinked, even though we didn't have messages. when we first arrived, we called the front desk &amp; the &quot;engineer&quot; was called to fix the a/c. when we came back after shopping, it still wasn't done &amp; found the light didn't work, so he had to come back to fix both. it took a while (in the morning) to come &amp; see what was wrong with the keyboard, then to get new batteries. it would have been great to have things checked out BEFORE we got to the room! simple enough to run checks on these things after the room is cleaned and before the customer arrives? some clever person has discovered that because of the system employed in the minibar, if you put back an empty pringles or soda can, it looks like somebody's replaced it, &amp; you don't get charged! &amp; for Hyatt's prices, i actually don't blame them!the group next door came in at about 2am, slamming doors, then were up again making a racket at 7am. why not have the &quot;honeymooners&quot; in one area &amp; leave these noisy groups of business people next door to each other in another? it wasn't as though we had a great view!wish i had taken photos, but this was my first anniversary of marriage, and it was just too depressing. and on top of all this, i contacted the Hyatt Gold Passport Rep who wrote to us, asking us to contact him if we needed anything...he has now received two emails from me &amp; has yet to respond! give the nice staff a hotel that they can be proud of!	
Sep 18 2008 	Good for Biz Travel	First time staying at the Grand Hyatt and would recommend it for anyone heading to SFO for business. I was only in town for 2 nights, but the location was perfect, the fitness center had good equipment, view from my room was awesome (fantastic view of downtown), etc. etc. The restaurant had an even better view and had a great atmosphere, but I wasn't overly impressed with the food. I'll definitely stay here again, but will probably try other options for dinner.	
Sep 18 2008 	Beware Of Valet Parking	Stayed at Hotel because of the close proxsemty of the Phillipine consulate, After checking in to our room had to summond a repair person because toilet flush very slowly requring continuious holding of the handle. I aapreciated the location of this hotel even though some services(resturants) are overpriced, I had to continue having my electronic key reprogramed. The Hotel convenience was short lived when I went to get my car from the hotel valet parking was told while my car was staged in front of the Hotel was side swipe by a sightseeing bus while in there custody , neither the parking company are Hotel offered any financial liability to repair my vehicle but through all most daily calls to the bus companys insurance company creating constant frustration I was finally able with the help of this body shop got my vehicle repaired properly. In hingesight I would have been better off leaving my car parked in the parking garage across the street since the Hotel staff and parking company no this is a continual problem, so park in valet parking at your own risk. I gave this hotel another chance when I had guest visiting from out of town: on this ocassion the service was terrible, seems as though the staff are disorganized and to get anything acoomplish you either have to make your request more than once are see a manager to get anything done correctly again had tyo have my electronic key reprogramed everytime I returned to the Hotel an agonizing inconveince. This Hotel needs to make significant improvements at putting their guest first after all the stay here isn't cheap. One person that tried his best to provide some assistance was the security manager.	
Sep 16 2008 	Wonderful hotel - best views in the city	This hotel is amazing. The accomodation is wonderful, the views from the higher hotel rooms (we were on 24th floor) are fabulous. THe bar on the top floor (36) has views and cocktails to die for. What made this hotel so amazing though on top of it being very very nice were the staff.Liz on Concierge was fantastic. We had been warned that there were always long waits for booking on Alcatraz. Liz got us on one within 6 hours, booked us on it over the phone and we were put straight to the front of the queue when we got there so there was no wait for us at all whereas others had had to wait a couple of days for a ticket and then had to queue for a long time once they got there. Concierge made sure we made the most of our 4 days there, they booked us everything from restaurants to the open top bus tour - nothing was too much for any of the staff there.	
Sep 4 2008 	Convenient location	Hotel website price is $180/night and I got it for $85/night through Priceline. However, the parking at this hotel is $50/night (valet parking too, meaning you need to tip them every time you go in and out), if you don't mind parking your car elsewhere, just research for other parking garage nearby for like $25 - $30 overnight parking.Check in was smooth and easy. The staff was very friendly and offered a 22nd floor Union Square Macy's view handicap room. Handicap room is only with lower bed, and more armrest by the bathtub and bigger bathroom space and living room space. Therefore, we thought it is ok and we took the offer.The night view was gorgeous! We were glad that the hotel didn't put us to any cheap room since we were priceline customer. The room itself is just a normal room, nothing fancy. My only complain is that the room is very close to another room. So, when your neighbor is talking outside or slamming the door, you can totally hear the noise!	
Sep 4 2008 	great hotel and great location	We stayed there for three nights and it was fantastic.Our room was spacious, clean and with a great view ( 19th floor).The staff is very kind, friendly and helpful. We had a problem with a baggage: we forgotten it into the taxi....they helped us immediately and we had the baggage back in 15 minutes.The hotel is close to Union Square, the Chinese district, the Financial district. We found very good restaurants at just 5 minutes walking distance from the hotel. Starbucks is just across the street.Check in was quick and we checked out through the tv system.	
Aug 24 2008	Great Location	I'm not sure what other people expected from this property, but I had an excellent stay. The room was more than adequate and the beds were superb. The bathroom was clean, nothing special really, but it was functional with nice soaps/shampoos and plush towels. The housekeeping staff were right on top of the little requests we made with a note and a tip. Our room was very quiet and we were on the 4th floor (requested a low floor). The location though makes this hotel. It is about as central as you can get in SF. Walk anywhere and everywhere. Need a Walgreens? Right there. Lori's Diner? Right there. Union Square shopping. Westfield Centre. Virgin Megastore. Coffee, Burritos. Sushi. Pasta. Everywhere! Just a great location for a short visit to San Francisco. If you have higher expectations, try the Ritz Carlton or the Omni. Otherwise, this place is right on par for the money in a major US city. A good value for an active and adventuresome traveler who wants some amenities when they come back from a long day scaling the hills of San Francisco.	
Aug 22 2008 	In central San Francisco	The Grand Hyatt in San Francisco is close to everything. It's right by Union Square and near the main bus routes and basically right on top of the cable car routes.  After driving into San Francisco, my husband and I both swore off driving in the city until we had to drive to leave. Its streets are chaotic! Thankfully, with the location of the hotel, we didn't have to worry. We were able to go sight seeing and see everything we wanted because of the location of the hotel near public transportation. Thanks the both the concierges who were able to give detailed bus/trolley/cable car routes to us. They were so helpful! Check in and check out was a breeze. The lobby is beautiful. Our rooms were smallish, but that's definitely what I expected in a high rise hotel in central San Francisco! We had excellent views from our room and from the lounge a few floor above us. Smashing.	
Aug 20 2008	Heart of San Francisco	I stayed one night at the Grand Hyatt in mid-August 2008. i reserved a standard king and was upgraded to the club floor. The hotel and room were clean and well maintained. My room was quite spacious and had an outstanding view. Club level extras included a robe and access to the 32nd floor lounge. The mini TV in the bath had very poor reception and couldn't be watched. The continental breakfast buffet in the lounge was only fair.The room had two upholstered chairs that were only fair for comfort, but room lighting was excellent. The TV was conventional, probably about 26-inch. The program list in the guest info book didn't match the actual channels and there was no PBS channel, although one was listed in the book.Windows are not double-paned and street noise was very noticeable at night. Voices from the street were so clear on the 33rd floor that I thought the window must be open--it wasn't. Otherwise the room was quiet.The bath was relatively small, but a large counter just outside the bath provide lots of storage space. The shower head over the tub had gaps in the spray pattern.The location on Union Square is outstanding.Valet parking at $49, almost $56 with tax.This is a large 4-star hotel that could give more attention to some details. I don't know how the parking charge compares with other SF hotels.	
Aug 13 2008 	Great location average room	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in May. I gave it a score of 7 out of 10.Pros: Great location in the middle of union SquareGreat city view from the room I stayedVery friendly and courtesy staffsCons:Black mildew in the showerDirty air filter in the roomThe double room I had was kind of small, especially the area between the desk and two sofas was crowded.	
Aug 7 2008 	just average you can do better.	Very mediocre. The view is nice, and I would recommend going for a drink at the 180 lounge just before sunset, but other than that, there are hotels with better decor, better accomodations and more convenient locations.It's only a few blocks from BART but those few blocks got annoying considering just the week before we were at a cheaper, nicer hotel directly next to a BART station. The biggest annoyance is that of the 3 different floors we visited, all three reeked of old cigarette smoke.	
Jul 29 2008 	It was OK	We recently visited San Francisco and stayed at the Grand Hyatt Hotel. This is a centrally located hotel very close to everything, one block from the Cable Car, and shopping is all around you. Upon Check in, one of our two rooms was ready so we placed all of our luggage in that room and hit the streets of San Francisco. When we returned, the other room was ready so we got our key and moved in. The hotel in general was in good shape. This is a big convention hotel so not really geared for families. No Pool, Game Room, or place the kids could hang out. The rooms are small but well furnished and the bathroom was standard size. The two thing that I hate to see in a hotel bathroom is hair from the previous guest and black mildew in the shower. This bathroom had both. I quickly rinsed the hair away before my wife saw it. Since we were only staying here one night we both agreed that the mildew would not cause us to make a room change. Mildew around the tub is not what you expect to see at a Hyatt. The guest services people were great giving us directions and maps as well as family friendly places to eat. When I return to San Francisco to get back my heart, I will most likely choose the Grand Hyatt.	
Jul 28 2008 	Service rooms and food were poor Location is great	Horrible Check in experience.An out dated property with dirty carpets and poorly appointed rooms.Breatfast buffet was not good.No room service after midnight.Expensive considering the negatives above.Location is the only saving grace.Hyatt....time to remodel!	
Jul 23 2008	Definitely look for discounts when staying here	It was a toss up between the Westin San Francisco Market Street and the Grand Hyatt. The Westin had a guaranteed awesome view and a nicer room but was slightly more expensive, Hyatt had a AAA discount that included a breakfast buffet (Valued at $50 for 2 people). Opted for the Hyatt due to the price and breakfast. The breakfast buffet was a delicious and located on the 36th floor of the hotel with an awesome view. The other plus was the location of the hotel directly next to Union Square. Unfortunately we got a room on a very low floor with a view of the air conditioning equipment on the building next door. The walls were paper thin and we could hear the very passionate couple next door like they were in our room. The room was clean, but the fridge is a touch sensor based minibar and there is no room in it for storing leftovers from restaurants. If you need a nice very clean and well made room for a couple days and don't plan to spend all your time in the hotel I would recommend this hotel, especially with the AAA discount. I probably won't come back to this hotel though.	
Jul 16 2008 	Good location Not so good service	My husband and I recently stayed here for a wedding so we did not have a choice in choosing the property, but were pleased with the location and the reviews did not look terrible. We may have been biased since we moved over here from the W Hotel, which was a completely different experience for many reasons, the most important of which was - Service, Service, Service. The Grand Hyatt needs to learn that the customer is always right and I am not one to complain to hotel staff but when you feel they are pulling one over on you it is a little hard not to complain. We paid extra for the Club level room but were not given one. When I complained, all they did was offer to refund me and take away access to the Club Lounge. So we stayed with the regular room and kept the club access. I didn't think in the end it was worth the $50. They had very light appetizers and a tiny breakfast in the morning. You could buy drinks in the evening - for $50 you think they could afford one or two free drinks? Our room was disappointing, I saw rooms on the Club level that were much nicer. The shower was terrible. No amenities to speak of. The 36th floor bar has nice views, but awful service, We waited forever for drinks and refills and food, unfortunately. I guess if you want location and views, go for it, but don't expect to get high-quality service. We usually stay in Starwood properties and are never disappointed. This venture into Hyatt did no sway us one bit!	
Jul 9 2008 	Nothing special but serves it's purpose	The Hyatt's location can't be beat. You can walk to all of the shops and restaurants in Union Square with no problem. Their Valet parking was expensive but there is also a parking garage directly across the street from it were you can park pretty resonably. The rooms were nothing special, ours seemed quite small, which I expected from SF, but the bed was comfy and furniture wasn't shabby. You can barely open your slider door 6 in which annoyed me but I was told they do it for safety reasons. The absolute best part of the hotel was the restaurant on one of the top floors. It has a 180 degree view of San Francisco with floor to ceiling windows. My boyfriend and I received complementry buffet breakfast with our booking (usually $50/ person). The buffet was excellent, they had a pretty good selection and everything was very fresh. They had the best french toast I've ever tatsed! All in all it was a good experience, I am sure you can find better hotels but you get a pretty good value with it being San Francisco.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great location Great Hotel	Great locationComfy BedsBeautiful viewNice sky lounge friendly conciergeWould absolutly stay here again. Great place!	
Jun 22 2008 	Expensive with a dirty carpet	Very interesting architecture. It is very large and grand in the lobby, but the standard rooms don't match. The front desk gentleman was very nice. We went to our room that had a view of the city and partial water. The window opened to a concrete rail and then straight drop down eleven stories. The lock on the window did not work and my husband pointed out that spiderman could break in. . . The first thing I noticed when I walked in the room was that the carpet had large, dark stains throughout. I expect more from a hotel of this rating and this price.The bed was firm and comfortable, with a duvet and soft sheets. The flat screen tv was a good touch.I agree with a previous reviewer's comment about the faucet. I had to use a tissue to turn it on and off.The main problem with this place is the price for what you're getting. Across the board everything is pricey. I paid $18 for oatmeal room service.The downstairs bar had terribley slow service and poured vodka like it was molasses. And it wasn't even crowded.Although I would probably stay here again - I would not look forward to it.	
Jun 21 2008 	Great location; not much atmosphere	I'm rating this hotel four stars mostly because it IS nicer than those to which I usually give three, but I do so somewhat begrudgingly. Actually there is quite a bit not to like.Let's start with the positives: Superb location at Union Square, so close to absolutely everything and easy to get everywhere you want to go. Great shopping and sightseeing nearby. The rooms are large and reasonably well furnished. I had a corner room, which the front desk said is larger than some of the other rooms, so you might try requesting one of those as a special request or an upgrade if you are so inclined. Front desk and staff were helpful and friendly. The restaurant and bar at the top have a great view, but I didn't try the food so cannot comment on that. Negatives (or not-so-positives): It's a typical, run-of-the-mill, large, urban Hyatt convention hotel. There is no style or charm to speak of. It's very pricey, and you're not getting luxury accomodations. While the funishings were fine, a couple of the lamps in my room were dinged up and cheap looking--surprising for a room in this price range. Because it has so many rooms, at peak times the elevators run really slow. I was surprised at how much sound I could hear through the door and walls. Fortunately, there were no partiers. Basically, you are staying here because your company has a contract with Hyatt, you are building up your Hyatt points, your convention is here, or you are from out of town and you recognize the Hyatt name and figure it's a safer choice than all those other San Francisco hotels you have never heard of. If you'll look around, you likely will find other hotels with as good a location for the same or less money that will be much more interesting.	
Jun 19 2008 	Great Location!	I've seen many bad reviews on this but honestly i think it's pretty decent. Grand Hyatt has one of the best location, walking distance to all the shops and public transport. Sears which served the best pancakes was also just round the corner. We had a fabulous view of Union Square from our room and it was really pretty! The bathroom was of a good size and there was almost instant hot water, so didnt have to wait too long. Nice amenities too. Only one problem - concierge was not the friendliest people.	
Jun 5 2008 	Better than described!	There’s not much I can add about this hotel that hasn’t already been said here, and frankly I’m surprised this place doesn’t have a higher overall TA ranking. The location is fantastic; it appears to be in the middle of everything. Getting there from the BART station is a snap.Check in was very quick, and I got a bay view room on the 30th floor. For a 312-sq ft room, it did seem spacious, and it was very clean. It was a windy weekend but there was very little noticeable creaking noise. The bed was very comfortable, but I really don’t need 6 pillows and 3 cushions. Thermostat was so simple, even my mother could use it [not an insult, she just hates gadgets], and room safe was a decent size. Great water pressure in sink and shower, with kind of a shallow bathtub. I knocked some items around when checking out the refreshment center, which triggered a charge to my room, but a call to the front desk took care of that of with no hassle. Finally, the food at Grandviews was veeerrrrry good, as was the service. What impressed me most were the personnel of the Grand Hyatt. This hotel actually had one of the friendliest, maybe the friendliest, staffs I have ever encountered at a hotel. I especially commend the front desk and concierge teams who were both very helpful and pleasant, and really made the stay more enjoyable.Side note: I had requested a refrigerator a few weeks earlier through E-Concierge, but there was no fridge in the room. I didn’t pursue it with the staff because I seem to have refrigerator issues with Hyatt properties, and I didn’t want to be bothered. However, I did mention it in follow-up correspondence to hotel management, so we’ll see what they say about that. And now for some indirect stuff: I wondered why many reviewers seem to go ape over the Macy’s a couple of blocks away, but now I see why…it’s actually two stores, the 8-story main store and the 5–story men’s store across the street. That’s 13 stories of Macy’s goodness, topped by a Cheesecake Factory at the main store. Also the 24-hour Walgreen’s around the block which is very convenient, and I’m not a coffee drinker, but there are two very nearby Starbucks for those who are into that sort of thing. I don’t know if anyone has mentioned the Mrs. Fields cookie shop across from the back entrance. And as others have noted, Sears Fine Food is also around the corner, along with a Morton’s Steakhouse a little farther away, and a great selection of eating choices, especially if you are willing to walk up hilly Powell Street a little bit. Overall, I strongly recommend this property; great location and great value.	
Jun 3 2008 	So Much To Do	To begin with we used our credit card points so we did not have to pay what would have normally been a bit pricey for us. You are right in the middle of the super high end shops and next to Union Square where there are weekend festivals. We walked to Chinatown, the cablecar and the streetcar to get to Fisherman's Wharf, Coit Tower, and every park imaginable. FYI-Market street is a little sketchy depending on where you are but that is several blocks away. Do your research on neighborhoods and where to go and where to avoid.  The rooms are clean and comfortable (we had a King view room)and have very good views if you are up high enough. The Lounge on the 36th floor has fantastic views on a clear day and we spent at least an hour taking pics and admiring the views while enjoying a drink. They had cheese and wine for us in our room upon our arrival for our honeymoon. The concierge is very helpful--use them. Getting a cab is no problem--just talk to the doorman.  If you want to use the luggage cart you have to use a bellman=have to tip. Ours was very helpful with information, helping out with luggage and general pleasant conversation.	
May 31 2008 	The location of this hotel is unbeatable	I enjoyed my one night stay at the Grand Hyatt.I was very impressed with the room which was large with contemporary ultra-modern type furnishings.The location of this hotel absolutely cannot be beaten and I also encountered no homeless people in the immediate vicinity of the hotel - a big bonus in San Francisco.I did notice a couple of creaks in the walls which I have never experienced before at any hotel but these died down after 2 minutes and I never heard them again.I ate lunch and dinner at Wolfgang Puck's takeaway which had great quality food freshly cooked at reasonable prices - it was located in the basement of Macy's department store across from the hotel.I did encounter a service hiccup when I asked for a pair of weighing scales to weigh my luggage. This simple request was a major issue - apparently they only have one pair of scales in the entire hotel. I suggest that the hotel management cross the road to Macy's and buy 5 more weighing scales as many travellers need to weigh their luggage. If you can't afford the Four Seasons, which in my opinion would be the ultimate San Francisco hotel, I would stay here. I would recommend this hotel to my friends.	
May 27 2008 	No big complaints but no charm	I prefer boutique hotels and San Francisco has a lot of them. However, I was not paying for the room at the Grand Hyatt so did not get to choose. I have no complaints about the room, it was clean, comfortable and had the expected amenities. The view towards the Coit Tower was fabulous. The view from the bar at the top was also great. Too bad the fitness room, also near the top, has no windows at all. The location is great but there are tons of choices in the same area.There were a few problems, the outside door which was supposed to open to let in fresh air got stuck after only opening a crack and room service was somewhat slow. The biggest disappointment was the lack of knowledge of the front desk staff. We asked for a good wine shop and were directed to a corner store with no good wines, only cheap ones. We found a huge wine specialty store on the other side of Union Square by wandering around ourselves. I would have expected better knowledge, especially since San Francisco hosts so many wine loving tourists.If I was going to pay for a room, I would look for a boutique at a cheaper rate.	
May 23 2008 	Fabulous Location	Loved this hotel! The location is fabulous. Our room looked out over Union Square. Everything was within walking distance and we were so close to the cable cars. The rooms are nice and spacious and the concierge was fantastic at helping us out. They organised everything from restaurant bookings to car hire.We booked online and received a 7 day confirmation. Everything was so easy and the hotel prices were quite competitive for what you get.	
May 21 2008 	great location fair hotel for the price	This hotel is in a great location, one block from Union Square. I lived in SF for several years, so I know my way around, and I would definitely recommend the location. Shopping, restaurants, and cable cars are very close by, and it is about 4 blocks to BART (subway). The restaurant at the top of the hotel has great views of the city (when it's not foggy), the food is fairly good but pricey. The rooms are average, especially for what you are paying, although SF is notoriously expensive. Was disappointed that internet access was not included (it is $10 per day). Don't rent a car and park at the hotel, parking is $40 a day, and driving around SF, especially if you are not familiar with the city, is not recommended. Take a cab, BART, or cable cars. The best feature of this hotel is location, the service was fair, although they will print your flight boarding pass at the front desk.	
May 18 2008 	Excellent location	Marvellous hotel and very very comfortable beds after an 11 hour flight from Dublin the beautiful beds were a fabulous welcome. Room service was propmt and delicious, however the menu is limited and really should only be treated as a snack menu.The location was excellent right on Union Square - convenient for shopping and transportation connections. The cable cars are right around the corner and are fun to ride to Fishermans Wharf - but scary on the hills. My sister turned 30 while we were in San Francisco and I reserved a table in the restaurant on the 31st floor of the Grand Hyatt to celebrate. The service and the food were top notch, the sommelier and maitre'd were very knowlegeable and made some excellent suggestions. We adjourned to the bar after our very delicious meal and enjoyed the views of the bay and out to Alcatraz. The cocktails were very tasty!I woudnt recommend the hotel for breakfast, an excellent alternative is the Sears diner around the corner which seems to be an institution in San Francisco for both locals and tourists. Really excellent breakfasts are served in Sears.I really loved San Fransisco and I think the Grand Hyatt was the ideal hotel, I would definitely return here if I am ever lucky enough to go to San Francisco again.	
May 12 2008 	Nice Base for Exploring	My wife and I stayed here on a 2-night side trip from Napa. We picked this hotel because of the great deal we received on the internet. Check-in was a breeze, but the $54/day rate for valet parking was a turn-off. Call us cheap, but we said &quot;no thanks&quot; and parked on the street for free since it was after 6pm. The next morning (Saturday) at 7am, I walked accross the street to Starbucks for coffee and then moved the car to the Sutter lot. This giant lot is catty-corner to the hotel and charges $32 a day. Although the Sutter lot does not allow in/out service, we used the savings to buy two, 24-hour muni bus/rail passes and a muni-map. You can get these at the Union Square half-price ticket window. Driving and parking is such a hassle, I would recommend using the metro. We went to a Giants game, the wharf, and a concert on the bus/street car and Bart and never waited more than 5-10 minutes for a ride. We had a nice room on the 25th floor. The room was 4-star, but the lack of services (e.g. pool, gift shop) make the entire property a 3.5 star. Still, it was a great value and the location can't be beat. Everything is close. We shopped at Macy's and went to Walgreens for our snacks. Both are a block away. The concierge desk in the lobby is excellent!! Based on the comments from another reviewer, we also tried Sears Fine Foods (near Walgreens) for breakfast, and the Starlight Lounge (atop the Drake Hotel) for drinks and dancing. Both places are highly recommended. The worst thing we encountered was the number of panhandlers downtown and at the wharf. Some of these people are too agressive and spoil the whole experience. Denver does a much better job by discouraging tourists form giving to panhandlers and putting donation meters downtown to help fund the shelters and food kitchens.	
May 7 2008 	Excellent service and location	We stayed at the Hyatt in January and it was fantastic. We had two club rooms with great views overlooking the city. Both our rooms had two double beds in them and there was a lot of room. We had 5 suitcases in each room but we still had room to move. The beds are soft and extremely comfortable and the room is well maintained. As part of the club room we had access to the club facilities which included a continental breakfast every morning in the club room, afternoon tea, tea, coffee, water and soft drinks all day, canapes at night (alcoholic drinks you had to pay for) and supper which was usually a cake and biscuits.The people serving in the club room were absolutely brilliant. They could not do enough for you. We were amazed that we were allowed to help ourselves to fruit and soft drink all day and take them back to our room. At night we took back to our rooms cookies and hot drinks and it was great. The hotel is right next to Union Square. You couldn't get a better location if you want to shop. We even walked down to Fisherman's wharf which took about 30 minutes but it was a nice stroll through China town. Macy's is just across the square from the hotel and all the shops you need. Around the corner is a supermarket so a perfect location for a shopping holiday. The hotel doesn't have a spectacular lobby so don't expect to sit in the afternoon in a nice looking lobby. It is nice but not grand.A great stay to end our world trip.	
May 3 2008 	Very Very Tired!	We have just returned home after 5 nights at the Grand Hyatt in San Francisco, stopping there to get over jet lag after flying back from two months in Asia. We had a Regency Club room which really offered nothing more than a not impressive continental breakfast in the over crowded lounge on the 31st floor. The room was not large, the decor was drab and the furnishings were very, very tired. In fact, we had last stayed at this hotel 32 years ago and I am sure the furnishings, with the exception of the very comfortable bed, are exactly the same as they were then when the hotel was new. This is the only hotel I can ever recall having absolutely NO BATHMAT or RUG of any sort for the bathroom floor and the very low tub/shower combo has no grab bars for safety when using the shower. The Grand Hyatt &quot;up the road&quot; in Seattle is one of our most favorite hotels in the world and the Grand Hyatt San Francisco could certainly take some lessons from her Seattle cousin!	
Apr 26 2008 	Location! Location!	This was a girlfiends getaway and the Grand Hyatt was the perfect central location to everything we could want. The hotel is nice and the employees were very helpful. The concierge made nightly recomendations for nice dinning locations where the ambiance was excellent but the food was mediocore at best however ask the staff at the bar upstairs and we got the best information on where to go and what to do. Speaking of the bar upstairs, you have to enjoy the view from the 36th floor even if just for a couple of drinks. The drinks were good and very reasonable so were the desserts (try the carrot cake) however it is all about the view when you are 36 stories up. We truly appreciated housekeeping as we made one call on our first evening in town and advised that we needed extra towels since there were 4 women in one room and they made sure, each night we were there, to leave plenty of extra towls. Also upon check in our bell hop asked what we would be doing and offered to bring us a refrig so that we could store any edibles free of charge. He was the sweetest and it really helped our stay as we stashed our wine bottles after the tour and plenty of bottled water and snacks in the fridge. As for the location right across from a FABULOUS MACY's and other great stores for easy last minute needs but also a few blocks from the Powell Station where all transportaion avenues can be accessed. Three places within blocks of the hotel that you MUST try...House of Nanking at 919 Kearney, the absolute best Chinese ever!! If you arrive after 7pm almost any day you will probably have to wait outside, it is small but INCREDIBLE and definately worth the wait. Sears Fine Foods at 439 Powell is wonderful for breakfast there is also a little spa next door to Sears where we all expierenced great service as we got facials, massage, and pedi/mani, very resonable prices too. Also a block away at the Hotel Drake is a fun bar at the top of the hotel where the view is amazing and the drinks and dancing were a lot of fun. This place was a fun hang out when we didn't want to go far for a little dancing.	
Apr 26 2008 	Good hotel in great location	We (family of four with kids 7 and 12) stayed at the Grand Hyatt for spring break week this year and were very happy with the hotel.The room didn't have all that great a view, but was clean, everything in working order, and the beds were comfortable. The location is excellent - we used BART, streetcars and cable cars to get everywhere and the hotel is convenient for all three.The breakfast buffet on the top floor is good - not cheap - and the view is gorgeous. We had room service dinner twice and the food was excellent (again, not cheap) and the service prompt.Staff were attentive and helpful and I felt well looked after even with the little things - print-your-boarding-pass kiosk in the lobby, morning paper at the door,	
Apr 18 2008	Not so Grand	I was somewhat disappointed by this place, worst of all was the noise, and more specifically the creaking in the walls! On my first night I called the front desk to complain about what I can only describe as the sound of creaking timbers in the wall. They told me it was the wind and the building is having some sort of earthquake work going on. Only way they could help was to move to the 3rd floor where it wasn't so &quot;creaky&quot; but then I'd hear the traffic!The room was nicely decorated in typical Hyatt style, but the TV was fuzzy (and no one could fix it) and the toilet slow to flush (again no one could fix this!). Although when I called about the TV and toilet they where very quick to send someone up. Best thing about this place was the bar on the 36th floor where the view was stunning. The crowd is older, okay geriatric, but it's a great view at Sunset and the drinks are top notch.Overall it was okay, but I wont go out of my way to stay there again.	
Apr 16 2008 	Perfection in the city by the bay	I just got back from the Grand Hyatt and am missing it already. Check in was almost flawless. Ryan at the check in desk is hysterical and made the process more fun than should be allowed. They were having a problem with the key card machine when I got there so they were having the staff personally escort people to their rooms. This was very quickly resolved however and in the time it took me to freshen up a little and walk out of the restroom there was an envelope that had been slid under my door containing the key cards and a letter apologizing.  The room was immaculately clean and the view was absolutely incredible. I stayed on the 19th floor and woke up each morning to a view of the COIT tower and the bay. The cleaning staff did a good job keeping my room clean and stocked and the daily newspaper was laying in front of my door each morning by 7am.  I have seen in a couple of reviews where people have complained about charges for the mini bars in their rooms. I had no trouble at all with that issue because I requested a refridgerator in my room. There is no charge, it was clean and properly working and was there and set up when I got there and already cold. If you request that then you can purchase your own drinks and snacks and keep them in it and then you will not have to worry about charges for the mini bar. I took the BART to the hotel from the airport and it was completely painless. There is a BART station right at the airport and the cost for the trip was a whole $5.35. The BART is perfectly roomy enough for you to take your luggage onto it. It is not like a cramped city bus. The stop for the hotel lets you off about 3 blocks away and it is an easy walk even with luggage in tow.  For those who are shopaholics there is almost every store you can imagine within a few blocks. There is a Starbucks across the street, a Walgreens pharmacy behind the hotel and a number of very good restaurants. The cable car stop for going to the wharf is one block behind the hotel. And the entrance to Chinatown is about 3 blocks away. There is also a mini mart/liquor store a half a block away where you can get things like cokes or drinks to take back to your room.  I was traveling as a single female and never once did I feel unsafe. The area is very friendly and clean and if you need to make a run to get some last minute thing you can do it without worry.  The staff was all wonderful. As I said in the beginning Ryan is hysterical. Lyle is very friendly and helpful. Truly a nice guy. Adam who is one of the doormen/valets is the class clown. Take the time to get to know him if you are a cut up yourself. And my absolute favorite was Joe Vigil who is one of the security officers. San Francisco should be proud to call him one of their own. I actually miss him. David at the concierge desk was also fabulous. Very friendly and helpful and has a warm and honest smile. There is also a gentleman who is from Yugoslavia who is always at the front door. I apologize to him for not remembering his name but he is also very sweet. There was only one person I ran into the entire time that was not up to par with the rest of the staff and that was the blonde woman at the concierge desk. She is not &quot;unkind&quot; but she reminds you more of dealing with the assistant to the president of a large corporation. More of a &quot;state your purpose&quot; kind of gal. Everyone else though were all poster children for tourism and public relations for the hotel and the city.  While you are there you also have to check out the view from the lounge on the 36th floor. Go at night. The view is breathtaking and will make you want to stay there forever.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is staying in San Francisco and commend the management for the staff they have put together.	
Apr 12 2008 	Nice hotel. Great location.	We stayed here on our way to the East Coast (from Australia). The room was lovely, with a nice view of the city. The hotel service was excellent. And the location was great for a short stop in the city (located in Union Square). Perfect stop for a break in our journey.	
Apr 6 2008 	Great location	Great location on Union Square, booked twin and king both with city views. Rooms both good size. When checking in worth asking for a room on higher floor, The restaurant and bar on the top floor is well worth a visit. We had a drink there in the evening, fantastic views, equally so in the morning for breakfast which was very good value. Expensive valet parking but when you dont know your way around a city there isnt really any other option. Watch where you book these rooms. The hyatt website proclaims to offer the cheapest rate and offers a price promise however when I found a cheaper rate elsewhere which met all of their published criteria they started quoting other criteria that I had to meet which wasnt published on their site. As we were travelling from the UK I had booked with Virgin holidays who were much cheaper than anyone else.	
Mar 31 2008	No Bells and Whistles	Just spent four nights here on a work trip. My room faced the front of the building so no great view, which was ok since it was work and all, but I was constantly annoyed by the loud, shrill whistles of the hotel staff hailing cabs for people. Awful sound.The room itself was spacious and clean and the hotel staff was courteous and helpful. However, there was one other tidbit that annoyed me during this stay and I find this unbecoming of a nice hotel. There was a coffeemaker in the room but coffee wasn't free. A label on it read &quot;complimentary coffee inside the refreshment center.&quot; But when you open that door, the coffee is sitting with the candy and water on the sensors and in the door it says coffee is $4. Overall, a pleasant stay that would've been greatly improved by complimentary coffee and the lack of whistles.	
Mar 25 2008	Not that grand hyatt	My husband, six year old son and I spend four nights here over my son's spring break. I picked the hotel because I got a really good rate and it was in Union Square. First the good. If you want to stay in Union Square it's a very good location with public transporation/foot travel within easy distance. The staff were all great and immediately helpful. There is a place at the front desk to print out boarding passes for free. My husband said the work out room was very nice but there's no pool. Now the not so great. The room is cramped. There is not really a good workable space ie no desk. There is a table but it's not positioned well and it's too high for a workspace. Internet is $10 a day and that irritates me. There's a fantastic view from the restaurant but it is very pricey to eat there. We stayed on the third floor and had to wait for elevators. I can only imagine if the hotel had been booked full what the wait would be like for higher floors!There is plenty of shopping within a few blocks and several restaurants. You can also walk to car rental offices within a few blocks. Bottom line we enjoyed our visit but I doubt I would overwhelmingly recommend this property unless you want to be in Union Square specifically.	
Mar 22 2008 	Seems nicer than it really looks.	We checked in to the Hyatt on Thursday the 20th and are leaving on Monday the 24th. When we made the reservation, we asked for a roll-away which they didn't know about when we checked in.We paid an extra sixty dollars to upgrade to a suite which wasn't as great as it seemed. When making the reservation, we requested the bay view room. You can see a small amount of the bay but it is all blocked by the Port of San Francisco building.The mini-bar in the room is way over-priced. $3.50 for a can of soda when you can go across the street and get a twelve pack of soda for less than that. There were a number of broken items in the room when we checked in. The light in the shower stall was and is still dead. The latch on the cabinet in the room for the minibar/dresser was broken. None of the lights in the room are hooked to the light switched. The latch on the sliding glass doors/window are broken. There is a bunch of wire for the phone just hanging out of the wall and the rooms aren't very well lit.I stay at Hyatt's a lot for business and pleasure but I have never seen one in such bad shape.We stopped by the fitness center which is the worst fitness center that I have ever seen. It is about 15' x 30'. Pretty small, plus they don't have a pool or hut tub in the hotelThe pricing for services in the hotel is crazy. Albeit this is San Francisco and a tourist trap, they are still crazy. Below is the pricing for the parking from the hyatt website.&quot;*Tax is additional on parking*Indoor valet parking $49.00 per night plus tax with in/out privileges. Vans ok. Oversize Vehicles: High profile cars (SUV) up to 12 feet high, can be valet parked. If the vehicle needs two spaces, guest will be charged for two cars&quot; (http://sanfranciscoregency.hyatt.com/hyatt/hotels/services/parking/index.jsp)I will add some photo's later from the hotel.	
Mar 20 2008 	Great city good hotel	The location of the Grand Hyatt is great. Union square is right outside the doors of the hotel. Tons of designer shopping and restaurants to choose from. Close to Chinatown. It was so easy to walk practically everywhere in the downton area from the hotel. It was also easy to catch a cab to surrounding neighborhoods in the San Francisco area such as Golden Gate Park and North Beach areas. I pre-arranged a towncar car airport pick-up and drop-off through the hotel e-concierge before my arrival. The drivers were prompt and polite. Upon arrival the staff were friendly and courteous. The concierge desk was helpful and provided maps. Unfortunately I was not able to get an early check-in as I requested since my flight landed at 11:30 AM and I was at the hotel by 12:30 PM. But they were able to check and hold my bags so I could begin exploring the city. I was able to use their facilities, which were nice and clean, to freshen up beforehand. I reserved a bay view king room and it was on the 24th floor. The view was nice, since I was able to see the bay, part of Alcatraz, Angel Island, and party of the city. The room was clean and of average size. A little worn but not too bad. It could stand to be updated some more. The whole hotel seemed worn in general, especially the furniture. One feature I liked was I was able to slide open my window about 4 inches to let in fresh air, as the hotel room smelled kind of stale. I left the window open during my entire stay. One negative aspect is you have to pay 10 dollars a day for internet access. Some other hotels I was debating between did offer free internet access. Also, the television was old and dated compared to other hotels in this category.I did not eat at any of the restaurants in the hotel. I opted for local restaurants in the area. I did order room service a few times. The Angus burger and fries were quite delcious. The chips, salsa and guacamole were good. I was a little disappointed in a fresh seasonal fruit tray I ordered. The only fruit I recieved was a little bunch of purple grapes and one strawberry cut in half. I expected a little more than what I received. Overall, my experience at this hotel was good. I give this hotel only 3 stars because it was average, nothing more. It definitely did not exceed my expectations for the price. I probably will try another hotel the next time I visit this city.	
Mar 19 2008 	Great location but	The grand hyatt is a hotel located right in front of Union Square, where all shops, restaurants are. The location is perfect, you can walk to chinatown, the cablecar is one block away and macys, bloomingdales, apple, etc are around the corner.The hotel was once a 5 star, now the rooms seem old, though spacious (king room has more space than 2 queen bed room)the bathroom is really old, ugly, but clean.200 dolar a night, was not very cheap, but the other hotels in this location, Marriott, Four Seasons are much more expensive and luxorious, of course.Breakfast is ridiculous, it cost 16-20 dollars, depending on what you eat, but the buffet is so small, you could easily go to a starbucks (in front of the hotel) or macys to have a coffe and some pastries.garage is extremely expensive, about 50 dollars/day.	
Mar 18 2008 	Great location	Staff very friendly and helpful from the front desk to doormen to the concierge. Doormen were always opening the door for my party and the concierge offered several excellent restaurant Conventiently located near the cable car line and a short walk from the convention center. Room -- Bed was comfortable but lighting could be better. Closet door was broken. The whole hotel needs some remodeling.Excellent view from the restaurant on the top floor.Exercise room is one of the best I've experienced in a hotel. Even had headphones for you to plug into the equipment!	
Mar 17 2008	Great hotel in a great location	I stayed on the 17th floor from March 11-March 14, 2008. This hotel is excellent. The front desk staff is fast and nice. Bell staff is on top of things. The room was perfect, very clean and even had a safe! Bed slept very well and the view was excellent. It is a little pricey but it is in the center of the action. Highly recommend for the business traveler.	
Mar 14 2008 	great place	We have stayed here twice for 4 nights and 8 nights in the last 2 years. We upgraed to a suite using hyatt points and the room was very nice with a great view. We got a rollaway and there was plenty of room for the four of us. The bed in the main room was a very comfortable king bed. The location is perfect. We can take the cable car down to fisherman's wharf as needed, walk to the ferry building, and get theater tickets at half price at Union Square.	
Mar 7 2008	Fab	After reading a few TA reviews, I was a bit apprehensive about staying 3 nights at this hotel. However, I needn't have worried. It was an excellent choice. The location was perfect (everything within walking distance), the staff was extremely helpful and friendly, the rooms were very good (not 5* perfect but near enough) and the bed was amazingly comfortable. The concierge was also so helpful at finding excellent local restaurants (which also happened to be really cheap). I would recommend starting off the day having the buffet breakfast (about $25) on the top floor. The views of the city, harbour, golden gate bridge and alcatraz are stunning. If you don't want breakfast just pop in for a drink or a sit down. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Mar 2 2008 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel. My top criteria for selecting a hotel is the quality of the beds. The beds at this hotel are amongst the best. The rooms are very clean and everything is top quality. My only complaint would be the room did not have sufficient lighting. Outside of that, this is an excellent hotel.	
Feb 29 2008 	Vacation	We stay at many Hyatt Hotels. We felt their guest rooms need renovations. Lobby seems outdated and need for a soft renovations to update decor. Staff was very friendly and the concierce desk was very helpful.	
Feb 25 2008	Noise is a big problem	Got a $143/night AAA promo rate, which made me want to try the Grand Hyatt. In this case, got what we paid for. Upon check in, we were presented with a piece of paper that claimed there would be noise due to stormy weather. The noise was non stop- it was a creaking that went on all day and all night. After one night of bad sleep, called the front desk and were told that the noise was due to the earthquake retrofitting. The higher floors were particularly problematic. Upon moving to a lower floor, there was an improvement.The room itself was adequately furnished, the bed was comfortable, with soft sheets and lots of pillows. The towels, however, were of a very poor quality, scratchy and thin. The first room did not have a garbage can. The T.V. was ancient with very few channels. No robes, no slippers, minimal toiletries.Valet parking at $55.night was a complete rip-off,On the plus side, the staff was extremely responsive to any problems - lamp wasn't working in second room and maintenance was there in less than five minutes to fix it.	
Feb 22 2008 	Great hotel great location!	We've just spent 8 nights at the Grand Hyatt and we simply couldn't fault it!When we arrived the reception area was quiet so we were checked in within minutes. Our room, on the 11th floor, was superb, spacious and clean. The beds and pillows were very comfortable and there were some nice touches in the room, like the radio alarm clock with an ipod dock (we were so impressed with it we're going to buy one!). You also get a free local paper left outside your door every morning.There was plently of storage space and there's a safe tucked away within the wardrobe, together with an iron and full size ironing board. There's also a well stocked minibar, hairdryer and a TV in the bathroom! One night our safe wouldn't open, so we reported it on the way back to our room - I hadn't even got my coat off when the chap arrived to fix it! He literally turned up at our room less than a minute after we got there. All the staff we came across were incredibly polite and friendly and none of them could do enough to help you. The concierge in particular was incredibly helpful.We had a couple of nights were it was very windy, and on those occasions we had a letter pushed under the door to reassure us that any noises we heard the buidling make were normal and not to worry!We didn't eat at the hotel, so can't comment on the quality of the food or the prices, but we did visit the lounge on the 36th floor for a drink - and the views were stunning. Worth going up there just for a look! We read a few reviews were guests had complained about the delays in waiting for the lifts, but even though there were a couple of conventions on when we were there, we never had to wait more than a minute for a lift.We'd also read about baggage being left in the foyer, but when we checked out and asked to leave our bags they were tagged and put away in a secure room by guest services.The location of the hotel is superb - you're right on Union Square and within minutes of Macy's, Saks Fifth Avenue, Tiffany's etc etc, and not very far from the cable cars.[One tip - we bought a 7 day Muni pass from Tourist Info for $24 each (you can also get 1 day and 5 day passes) - this allowed us unlimited travel on any cable car ($5 one way), all Muni buses and the street cars - it was a godsend as we travelled everywhere by public transport (clean and very easy to use) so we saved ourselves a fortune.]All in all we had a fantastic holiday and the hotel made it all the more enjoyable. We can't recommend it enough and we would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 13 2008 	Not good if you like a quiet room	This hotel has a good location and the bar on the 36th floor is very nice, but the hotel itself is quite noisy. It is not so much the location on Union Square, but the design of the hotel. All rooms except one on each floor have adjoining doors, so you can hear everything going on in the room next door to you. We had to listen to a woman talk on her cell phone for hours. The room itself was fine --nothing special -- but if you want a quiet nights sleep, I would stay elsewhere.	
Feb 7 2008	Great hotel Great Service Excellent location!	The Grand Hyatt hotel is perfect if you want to shop and be in close proximity to all the major tourist attractions. The hotel is steps away from busy Union square and excellent shopping! I have stayed at a few SF downtown hotels however this is now definately one of my favourite hotels. l didn't have a reservation at the Grand Hyatt as I actually had not planned to stay at this hotel - l was booked to stay at the Campton Place hotel(part of the Taj hotels and supposedly one of the world's leading hotels) however after spending a night at this hotel, it was so bad that l just had to leave (l wont get into details now, l'll have to write another review for this one!). I walked into the Hyatt and was greeted by smiling &amp; friendly hotel staff. Luckily, they had rooms available and I was quickly checked in to a deluxe room and escorted to my room. The room was reasonably sized - very clean and nicely furnished. My room package also included buffet breakfast which had a good variety of tasty food and great views of dowtown San Francisco(l am told the hotel offers the best views of the city). When l checked out, l asked for a taxi to be organised as l needed to get to the airport. lnstead of hailing down a taxi for me, l was suprisingly escorted to the hotels private luxury sedan and was told l would only be charged the rate of a taxi ride. They didnt even try to sell me the private transfers, they just offered it - a very nice and unexpected gesture! A great finish to a short but fantastic stay at the Grand Hyatt.l will definately stay at this hotel again &amp; highly recommend it!	
Feb 4 2008 	Great Location Exceptional City	Centrally located right on Union Square. Great room overlooking the bay. Superb penthouse bar and excellent food all served overlooking Alcatraz Island, The Golden Gate Bridge and the bay.We stayed there during 'Fleet Week' and was extremely busy but made for a better atmosphere. Would recommend anyone wishing to visit SF during Oct make sure you incorporate 'Fleet Week' to take in the Air Show and party atmosphere.If looking to visit during 'Fleet Week' would suggest you book Alcatraz in advance (before you travel) as we did as there were no available spaces for the whole duration of 'Fleet Week'. Within walking distance of the hotel there several car hire companies, would recommend you hire a car for a day and drive out to Muir Woods over The Golden Gate Bridge.If transfers are not included in your holiday package, don't bother pre-booking. We did and came to $60 (return) and you could be the last drop off, get a taxi it will only cost you $40 + tip (one way)and you will be at your hotel within 20-30mins. We chose to get the hotel town car but to the airport nd this too was only $40 + tip (one way).	
Jan 29 2008 	great location	We booked through a special advertised on travelzoo, due to the price, out stay was spot on. However, for the normal rate which is about twice as much as we paid - I would have reservations on the grand hyatt SF. The room was fine, basic but nice with a comfortable bed. Overall hotel amenities, were less than desirable. For one, there isn't a gift shop on site which means if you're thirsty, forgot stamps or want a snack - you have to leave the premises to find a drugstore, coffeeshop or the like. I travel quite a bit so the fact that I could not buy basics like bottled water without leaving the hotel was a first. Also, this appears to be a SF thing but the valet service costs a pretty penny. We opted not to rent a car because of this and since public transportation is readily available, we were fine. The location is fantastic - right in the midst of union square. In short - a suitable hotel in the perfect location.	
Jan 25 2008 	Great Location Wonderful Staff	My husband and I must've looked really excited to be there (without kids) for the weekend because we were given a nice quiet room on the 30th floor - the view wasn't of Union Square but I thought it was nice to be able to see the city lights at night. Upon arrival in our room, a staff member delivered a bottled of champagne with chocolate-dipped strawberries. Not expecting this at all, we asked if he was in the correct room! He said yes, and it was complements of the hotel. Wow. Now, I've read in previous reviews that the hotel is scheduled for renovation. I hope so because the rooms are in dire need of updating. They are decently decorated but the bathrooms need serious attention. I also didn't care for the overpowering deodorizer that they use when cleaning the rooms. I remember the scent from our stay at the Grand Hyatt in San Diego. On the plus side, the beds were comfortable and the bedding adequate. When the renos are done, this hotel will be awesome. Knowing that we weren't spending all of our time in the hotel room, my hotel requirements were a little different - location was my priority. The location of the Grand Hyatt is great. We walked all around Union Square (just around the corner) - and all the way to Chinatown. The only time we used public transportation is when we hopped on the cable car to go down to Fishermans Wharf. The Grand Hyatt's restaurant, Grandview, has been called overrated by some reviewers but I thought it was a perfect spot to unwind after so much walking. We sat in the lounge, ordered a few appetizers and drinks and enjoyed the wonderful view of the city. Coming from a place in Southern California where there are only two tall buildings in our whole city, I was mesmerized. The pianist was entertaining, too.I would consider staying there again, especially after the renovations!	
Jan 12 2008	good experience	I stayed here for a week. The room was small, but clean. It may have been small because I asked for a quiet room and they put me at the end of the hotel. The food was not great, but you can walk to many restaurants instead. There is a drug store and starbucks across the street. The gym was small, but decent. You can walk to just about anything in SF from this location. I have no complaints about this hotel.	
Jan 9 2008 	Tired and no longer Grand	Having stayed with this hotel many times over the years I knew not expect too much and certainly not what one expects of a Grand Hyatt. But the location is great, and I've usually had acceptable rooms. The Gentleman that check us in was in training with a more seasoned staff member looking over his shoulder. The first room assigned on a scale of 1-10 was a 3 at best. The air conditioning outlet had mold on it; as well as the tile in the bathroom. The room was VERY tired looking. I called the front desk and asked for another room. I was told they would &quot;upgrade&quot; us to a room over looking Union Square. I wasn't so concerned about the view as the room itself and explained that to the Gentleman. Again, he wasn't familiar with the hotel or rooms but we took the room offered. It was a bit larger and with the view mentioned. Fact is this hotel needs a makeover. The furniture, carpets and drapes show much wear and tear. This hotel consistantly has a very high occupancy rate and is probably quite profitable. The competition is very stiff in San Francisco but for whatever reason this Grand Hyatt has not kept up with it. I'm returning to the city in a few days and as much as I would like to stay there again I will not. For me when I travel my hotel is my home and the Grand Hyatt is not living up to the expectations one would have under the Hyatt name!	
Jan 3 2008 	Great Staff!	We were there for New Years. We found the staff exceptional!It is a busy time for a nice hotel in San Francisco. I think the hotel goes beyond the call of duty to try and make the guests as happy as can be.The rooms are clean and the beds are great! As the hotel emptied out for a couple of days after the holiday, there were no problems with elevators or the regency club. In fact, we found the Regency club lovely and it has a beautiful view of the city.The hotel is starting room renavations soon.The Union Square location is fantastic! Close to everything!We found managment lovely and would come back in a minute!We had a group of four rooms, each and everyone of them had a beautiful view, all were clean.	
Jan 3 2008 	Not so "Grand"	Just returned from a 5-night stay over the holiday week. I don't know how Hyatt decides which properties get the &quot;Grand&quot; title but this defintely should not be one of them. This hotel is average (at best) in just about every way. Some brief comments: -- The hotel lobby is really small and was constantly crowded. -- Check-in line was so slow we opted for self check-in. -- Room was just OK. Furniture crammed into every nook &amp; cranny. Could hear noise from other rooms periodically. TV in bathroom was a joke as it barely got any reception. Furnishings were a bit beat up. This would be a lousy hotel for business as the room did not have an actual desk to work at. -- Elevators were perhaps the worst I have ever experienced in a hotel (or any building). I would have assumed that 6 elevators for 36 floors would be more than sufficient - not so. When an elevator would finally show up (usually after 5 minutes or more) it was usually already packed. We ended up taking the service stairs more than once. Very, very frustrating! -- Location is great if you are looking to be in the center of the action. Tons of shopping right outside. Chinatown just a few blocks away. Cable Cars &amp; BART closeby as well. -- Concierge let us down as he told us that BART did not go to the Oracle Arena (Warriors game) when it actually does, so we ended up blowing money on a cab.Overall, a pretty poor experience, especially for a Hyatt. I'm guessing Hyatt feels they need to compete with the JW Marriott around the block so they call this a Grand Hyatt. Don't be fooled - this property barely deserves the Hyatt name let alone the Grand.	
Jan 3 2008 	Loved the Grand Hyatt on 345 Stockton St.	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt on Dec. 30 for one night and had a wonderful time! The hotel is conveniently located near Union Square and Chinatown. We got a room overlooking Macy's and Union Square. The room was spacious and the bathroom was large as well. The bed was comfortable and the room was very quiet. The hotel and valet staff was friendly and worked hard to make our stay pleasant. As a bonus, I thoroughly enjoyed the snow villages on display on three sides of the hotel lobby. We highly recommend the Grand Hyatt....can't think of anything negative about our stay there.	
Jan 2 2008 	Triple Check Your Bill!	Stayed at this hotel for our first year wedding anniversary. IT IS WAY OVER PRICED!! But the thing that pushed it over was the fact that we were overcharged for our stay, not once... BUT TWICE!!! Unacceptable if you ask me. Upon check-out we received our bill which charged us for an extra night that we did not stay, we approached the front desk who did take the charge off, but without apology. Now, more than 3 weeks later after staying in this hotel, a new charge appeared on my credit card for an additional $1200!!! How can you make a charge 3 weeks after checkout for $1200? We are extremeley upset by this and every time we call we are told that the &quot;accounting staff&quot; are all out of town for the holidays. I wish I could take back time and never have stayed here!	
Dec 31 2007 	Underwhelmed. Stay away	We booked a stay during Christmas week. Although the desk clerk recommended a particular floor for our two rooms, for the view, the view was not what he promised. We later learned that he was in training. The second room was not ready until after 7 pm. Not very helpful to four weary travellers who had been awake since 3 am that day. The hotel manager on duty offered to comp us for one night, then, sensing our displeasure, offered to comp us two nights for both rooms - more than acceptable to me; but he didn't come through on the promise. The bill at checkout comped one room for one night. Later, after telephone tag, he comped each room for one night, and denied the offer to comp us for two.Food was average. Waitstaff at the restaurant (breakfasts only) was terrific. Rooms were also average. The TV worked but with fuzzy picture on most channels. Beds were very comfortable.The sliding glass door on one room was open when we arrived and required housekeeping to close it, as it was broken.We will NEVER stay there again. You should avoid this hotel.	
Dec 31 2007 	Mixed experience (from a Diamond member)	This is not a Grand Hyatt. I was a little disappointed.Positives:- location is terrific- views are excellent- size is manageable- gym is solid- Employees were very professionalNegatives:- Regency Club lounge is tiny (we had to stand!). Food / Beverage choices are below standard. - Public areas are dark and old-fashioned	
Dec 28 2007	Extremely Busy!	Be prepared to wait in line at elevators for at least 5 minutes, crowds of people rushing about. We had to take the stairs from the 18th floor at one point, after waiting on an elevator for 10 minutes. This is No Grand Hyatt, its in need of a major renovation. Also, walls are paper thin, you can hear your neighbors talking in normal voices during times in the night. If you book on priceline, I wouldnt put in more than 50 a night, its about all its worth.	
Dec 27 2007 	Lovely Stay at Grand Hyatt	My SO and I decided to stay here for Christmas Eve and Christmas just to relax and have a mini getaway from our apartment in the south bay. We booked through the hyatt website with a AAA discout that included full breakfast for two in the Grandviews restaurant/bar. The Grandviews is aptly named, located on the 36th floor of the hotel, it has an amazing and beautiful view of the bay and the city.Grandviews is worth visiting even if you aren't staying at the hotel.Our room was on the 17th floor and had a decent view of the bay through the tall buildings. The bed was very comfortable, with a down comforter and plenty of down pillows. The toiletries were adequate, nothing special and the shower was either a bit too hot or a bit too cold, the temperature control was difficut to tweak. However, the hot water never ran out, which is a plus.This hotel satisfied for our short stay and provided quite an excellent value in SF. I plan to stay again and again.	
Dec 26 2007 	Over rated Terrible terrible service	We thougt we could not go wrong with the Grand Hyatt. Boy we were so wrong. We were given a room whose walls are so thin that we could hear every piece of conversation that was coming from the next room. We asked the front desk for a room move and the guest service agent told us nothing is available and to check back the next day. They made no attempt to assist us. The next day, I attempt to room move again but the guest service agent was again reluctant to assist us. She only room move us after I threaten to check out. There's mildew in the bathrooms for both rooms, cracked caulking and the lights don't work. On my last night, I was trying to retrieve my package from the Front desk. The guest service agent told me that he doesn't know where it is becuase it is not part of his job and to wait for the bellman to assist me. He would rather I wait 10 mins while he is sipping his starbucks coffee and talking to his fellow colleagues rather than making an effort to look for my package.	
Dec 19 2007 	Right place for theatre and shopping	Stayed at the Grand Hyatt for some Christmas shopping and a show at the Curran Theatre. Lots of great shopping around nearby Union Square and a short walk to the theatre. China town and the Ferry Building are also nearby. Unlike others, we found the concierge most pleasant and helpful. They were able to book a last minute dinner res at a great little bistro two blocks away. It was packed 20 minutes after we arrived. Staff was pleasent, available and most helpful.The room was quite pleasant, though not extraordinary. The bathroom was small but clean. The bed, however, was a 10...very comfortable.Views? We paid up for the bay view...and it was worth it, if you like views. The views from the top floor Grandviews resturante and lounge are magnificant. The food is...well, go there for a drink. This was our second stay and we were pleased with both visits.	
Dec 14 2007 	Grand Views!	This is our third stay at the hotel, the first being shortly after it opened. We had a wonderful view on the 26th floor, of many of the gorgeous buildings in the City. The bed was very comfortable, and the room was clean, although there was paint peeling on the ceiling in the bathroom.My only problem was a noise that I could hear that sounded like a vibration in the ceiling near the door. I wanted to call the front desk, but at the time it was happening (late at night), I really didn't want to have the maintenance person in our room. My fault for not reporting it.The location of this hotel is great if you want to be near Union Square and all the great shopping!	
Nov 20 2007	Average hotel NO customer service	Imagine our distaste when we arrived at this hotel from the East Coast shortly after midnight local time only to find that the hotel had given away our room. Never mind that the room had not only been guaranteed with a credit card, but that card had already been charged for the entire stay. They did have a room we could stay in - with a roll-away bed. After much deliberation with the unaccommodating front desk person, a double room was finally found to put us up in for the evening.A king room was supposed to be found for us and our luggage automatically moved the next day. When we returned to the hotel around 1:00 p.m., this had not yet happened. Another less than pleasant exchange at the front desk yielded another double room! They were finally able to locate an available king room so we returned to our original room to retrieve our own bags and relocate to the king room. Overall, the hotel is average. There is nothing that stands out about this hotel to make it recommendable. Rooms were clean (minus the coffee pot which still had a half pot of coffee in it when we arrived.) Location was great for access to China Town, the Ferry Building and some excellent restaurants. A night-cap in the Grand View bar on the 36th floor was enjoyable. No bell-staff were available upon our arrival to assist with our bags, the door or direct us to check in. (Hopefully this was due to the arrival time but was still a surprise.) Linens and glass-ware in the rooms were kept to the bare minimum – a surprise for a room set up to accommodate two people. We travel a lot and are realistic about hotels and our expectations. We are comfortable in Wingate Inn as well as 5-star hotels. If you’re looking for service (friendly or otherwise), avoid this property. I’d say find a Sheraton or Marriott brand nearby. If you’re looking for a clean hotel where you’ll be left alone, this is the place. Based on this stay we will not return to this hotel and will not consider Hyatt as a top choice brand in other cities when choosing hotels in the future.	
Nov 8 2007 	The staff really made the Grand Hyatt Grand	Have stayed a lot of places in San Francisco, and finally found a keeper. Staff upon check-in was great - was using the kiosk, and the guy at the front desk said &quot;let me check that it gave you a good room&quot;. My room was quiet, and an okay size for SF. The gym was smallish but VERY well-equipped, and no fee (unlike the Westin St. Francis). The concierge was very helpful, and her recs were similar to those on Chowhound (so she wasn't just sending me to the places that paid her best). The location is perfect for where I go to work, and would be wonderful for a tourist as well (close to Union Square and to some amazing restaurants). No time to wait for the shared-ride van, so thedoorman immediately got me a limo to the airport for the price of a cab ride.($45 flat) The Mark Hopkins had nicer bathrooms, but it was noisier &amp; pricier, and the St. Francis nickels &amp; dimes you plus their check-in line is appalling. Next trip to SF: Grand Hyatt	
Oct 26 2007 	Not Good - Stay Away	I've stay here three times in the last month. Two out of the three times upon check-in I was informed that they were &quot;overbooked&quot; and asked whether I wanted a double bed room, a room with a pull-out bed, or a smoking king room. The double bed room has no work desk, and this past time I was stuck in a smoking king room. That's right, people still smoke. And I could tell. Horrible experience. Oh, and by the way, the furnishings are dated. Looked nice in 1990, I'm sure. But not today when flat screens and such are commonplace at competing hotels.	
Oct 20 2007 	An excellent experience	We have just completed a 10 night stay at the Grand Hyatt in room 2508 and it was excellent. I was somewhat apprehensive after reading some of the mixed reviews on this site, but my apprehensions were completely unfounded. This was my third stay in SF; having previouslystayed at the nearby Sir Francis Drake and also the Hotel Boheme. TheGrand Hyatt stands head and shoulders above either of these two. Let me now respond to some of the issues previously raised, in no particular order.1. Room size. If our room was anything to go by, the rooms are quite simply palatial. Anyone who considers these rooms small has never stayed in a hotel in New York or indeed any of the so called &quot;boutique&quot; hotels around SF. 2. &quot;Tired&quot; decor. This is perhaps a fair criticism, but everything is relative here and the so-called &quot;tiredness&quot; would only be an issue if your baseline is 6 star Asian opulence. Perhaps &quot;dated&quot; would be a better word, as there is none of the shabbiness that the word 'tired' implies. And again, if you really want to see tired and dated, just go to anywhere that markets itself as boutique.3. The lobby. Yes, this is a shambles - the layout being dictated by the central core of elevators. But really, who cares.4. The staff - without exception were extremely polite, efficient, and helpful. Special mention must go to the concierges who we used shamelessly on at least a daily basis - nothing was too difficult for them and they were a goldmine of local knowledge. Most other hotel concierges simply hand you pamphlets. I can't praise them highly enough.And it must also be said that the location is excellent, the bed one of the most comfortable I have experienced and the hotel has a very good fitness centre. In terms of value for money - I can never score the rock-bottom rates like those offered on priceline; instead paying $239 a night. I considered this rate to still be good value for money, given the location of the hotel, the time of year and quality of service provided.I would have no hesitation in staying again.	
Oct 10 2007 	Satisfied for priceline price	Let me start of by saying I think all hotels in SanFran are overpriced. We managed to get what I have been told is a great rate - 148/night for 3 nights. For that amount, Im used to staying in very nice hotel rooms. I would say our room was average. We did get a non smoking king size bed on the 15th floor, but our view was of the back of the tiffanys building. Others we talked to paid much much more. I had no real complaints - the check in process was smooth and our room was cleaned daily. We didnt see many bums outside, and those we did see were not intimidating or aggressive. The location was perfect for us, only 2 block from chinatown, and located directly in the middle of the upper end retail outlets. The girlfriend visited all of the shops nearby.. Car rental locations were about 5 block away, I had no problem finding them. The trolley is only a few blocks away, and the 30 bus takes you through chinatown to the fishermans wharf - that was quite convenient. Check out was simple, simply dial a number and you can leave. No extra charges were put on our bill.	
Oct 3 2007 	Great Location	Stayed here for 2 days. The location is great, just off union square. We booked through priceline, was not expecting much. However, the check-in person was quick, efficient and smiling, and gave us high floor with a view of union square. The room itself was fine without being &quot;grand&quot;. On another occasion, the reception was also able to change Canadian Dollars to US Dollars quickly, although they warned me that their rate is higher. Not a problem because I wanted only some change. Armed with reviews of this hotel, we made the right decision not to have a car during the stay. It is not needed. Took the BART train from the airport to the hotel. The MUNI Pass is a great way to see the city. While leaving, we walked to a car rental nearby and drove away to our next destination (San Jose). Be prepared to pay for everything. Internet access was $10. there is a charge if you want to print something. Didnt touch the minibar. However, they have automated machines to print out airline boarding passes (Free). Checkout can be done through these machines as well.In summary, the Grand Hyatt is a good hotel with a great location.	
Sep 17 2007 	Great locatoin but noisy and in need of work	Our stay at the Hyatt got off on the wrong foot when check-in told us that they could not put a roll away bed in our room even though this was part of the reservation. The excuse was that this was the national web site and it did not know that the rooms in the SF Hyatt are small and there is not space for a roll away bed. Pretty lame for an organization as sophisticated as the Hyatt, and really amounts to bait and switch. They did offer us a second room at a discount but this was more than the original reservation plus the surcharge for a roll away. The nickel and diming continued. Parking was $55 plus tax and tip. The internet connection was $9.95 per computer. My wife and I both travel with our own laptops. Although we decided to share one connection, it meant that one of us did not have our files and environment when answering email. There is also a surcharge for the exercise room.Our room was on the 32nd floor overlooking Union Square. The night we stayed, a construction crew was installing an awning for an exhibit, and we heard beams clanking and truck backup warnings all night.Hotel also needs a renovation. The bathroom &quot;featured&quot; a 5&quot; CRT television which when it was installed must have been the height of tech, but now looks more like a museum piece.On the positive side, the location is great and the 32nd floor Regency Club offered a good continental breakfast and the staff was cheerful and helpful.	
Sep 13 2007	Ideal location	For first time visitors this was a perfect location, walking distance from many attractions and close to public transport links, including cable cars if you don't mind the long queue. The hotel was good but not outstanding. If you can get a high floor with an unobstructed view it makes a big difference. Excellent concierge service which directed us to some good restaurants, but one of the duty managers on reception clearly thought dealing with the customers was beneath his dignity.The in-house restaurant and adjoining bar have wonderful views, but the restaurant is too small when everyone wants breakfast, and in the evening the quality is below expectations at the price being charged. OK for arrival day when you don't want to go out again, but you can do so much better within comfortable walking distance.If you fly into SF don't bother with a car. Others have mentioned the cost of parking, and you simply don't need a car here. We rented one the day we left for Santa Barbara, and several rental agencies are in a street about five minutes walk from the hotel.	
Sep 8 2007 	Nice hotel nice location	The Grand Hyatt is what you think a big chain hotel in a big city will be; filled with business and tourist folks alike. This is no surprise either, the hotel's location is downtown,close to the financial hub for the suits, and for the fanny pack crowd, only blocks away from great shopping on Market or the odd smells of Chinatown. As with a majority of our personal travels, my wife and I secured a great rate using Priceline. Gotta love that William Shatner!!Our room was larger than what I expected of a major downtown hotel and it was clean. The bed wasn't &quot;heavenly&quot; or cloud-like, but I slept well and that's all I really need. The one mildly disturbing room feature were the paper thin walls. If you're a light sleeper, bringing ear plugs will remedy the situation.We didn't have car, so I can't tell you about parking. If you can avoid having to rent a car (i.e. you're staying in the city), do so. Parking in SF should be an Olympic sport; an EXPENSIVE Olympic sport performed only by those highly trained in the craft. Besides, SF is a great city to explore on foot and the Muni bus system and the BART (use it from SFO into the city) is one of the best public transportation systems in the country (relax, NYC yours is still the best). Oh yeah, and the California cable car line is about three blocks from the hotel. It will take you to within a block or two of the Ferry building and all it's restaurants and gourmet shops.I'd stay at this hotel again without question.	
Sep 5 2007 	Great Stay...	I had a great stay recently at the Grand Hyatt San Fran. The room was clean and spacious and the view was fantastic. The bed was comfortable and while the walls were a little thin - we slept well both nights of the stay. Highly recommend to travelers to the SF area.	
Sep 1 2007 	Convenient place to stay	The room was very nice - though small. Bed was comfortable. We had a general view of the city from our room, not spectacular, but not looking a wall, either. We had a AAA package that included breakfast. Breakfast was very good and their dining area on the 36th floor has wonderful views. We were on the Regency Club level and had access to the lounge. It was nice - again, great views. It was also nice to be able to go in there and get bottled water (no charge) during the day and evening.It was not an &quot;amazing&quot; hotel experience, but it was nice and worked just fine for our vacation. It definitely was not a negative hotel experience. We wanted to stay in a good hotel in the downtown area at a &quot;reasonable&quot; price and I think we did that. I would stay here again.	
Aug 31 2007 	Expected more from a SF Hyatt	After recovering from knowing that valet parking will cost us $50 a day (you need valet if you want your car back to cruise around town, $30 across the street but no in/out priveleges), we were welcomed by a very friendly staff and helped by a friendly bell boy to our room. We have a room with 2 beds, very tight! The view overlooking Union Square was spectacular. I hate to admit, but after being in the room for an hour, I started to notice things that I would not expect for the price that we paid for. AC was not functioning properly. Chair upholstery very poor and bathroom tiles grungy (minor maintenance needed and probably affordable by a Hyatt), closet doors were pretty banged up, no microwaves, no refrigerators and the worst, couldn't get any sleep at night due to construction (jackhammering) until 11 at night. We wanted to check out the following day, only to find out that they will charge us for the day and $50 penalty charge for checking out early. It's the Grand Hyatt! We've stayed at cheaper places and had better quality of rooms. Staff was excellent though, from the very second you get there.Rooms were average. If it wasn't for the staff, I would give Grand Hyatt a lower rating.	
Aug 29 2007 	Great Location and Staff	We came to SF to celebrate a friend's 4oth birthday and had a wonderful experience at the Grand Hyatt. The rooms were lovely and the beds were fantastic! Our room included two breakfasts per day and the hotel's restaurant and staff were great. One server offered to give us &quot;to go&quot; cups for our coffee after hearing us talking about going to a coffee shop on the way to Napa. The views from the rooms and the restaurant and bar are amazing. We would stay at the Hyatt again!	
Aug 27 2007 	Reservations are merely "preferences"	My wife and I had a one night reservation to break up a leg of a Hawaii to Alaska flight. We made the reservation about a month in advance. Upon arrival at 8:30 p.m., we were told that the hotel had no King Bed (which we had reserved), and that my reservation was merely a &quot;preference&quot; which the hotel could decline to accommodate, and they could only give my wife and I double beds. They would not reduce my rate (I paid about $250) or do anything to make up the problem. Usually, if a hotel can't give you the room you reserved, they make some attempt to make it up, but not Hyatt.The rooms themselves were fairly roomy for San Francisco, and the service by the restaurant staff and bell attendants was very good. The Union Square location is also convenient. However, there are obviously better choices near Union Square.	
Aug 26 2007 	Great centrally located hotel.	My husband and a colleage were heading to San Fran for a business trip, so I decided to tag along. We booked through priceline and got a rate of $120 a night for four nights. We arrived super late on Tuesday night/Wed morning and upon coming from Oakland airport, we went to the wrong Hyatt. There are two in San Fran, that are both very close to each other. Turns out we were staying at the Grand Hyatt, which is on Stockton Street, about half a block away from Union Square.Check-in was easy, and our room was on the 5th floor. The rooms are very nice, and have a iHome alarm clock where you can dock your ipod. I was dissappointed the first morning to see that although they had a coffee maker in the bathroom, the coffee to make it was in the mini-bar and cost $4! So I went to the mezzanine the first morning to get a small coffee and a bottle of water and it cost $5.50. Fine for business travelers who are expensing it, but I recommend going to Startbucks across the street, or getting bottles of water at Walgreens down the street (that is what I did).Otherwise, we did not eat at the hotel, but did go for drinks on Friday night at the Grandviews Lounge on the 36th floor, great views. I also used the fitness center, which was very well-equipped. Check out was very crowded, but we used the automatic check-out machines and took advantage of using the computer in the lobby that is there for you to print your boarding passes. Service at this hotel was also very good and you cannot beat the location.	
Aug 25 2007 	Great time at the Grand Hyatt	Stayed at the Hyatt on Union Square for my girlfriend birthday party and had a great time. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. One of the reasons I selected this hotel is it's location....close to everything. The Powell Street cable car that takes you to Fisherman's Wharf is just a block away. Chinatown is just a few blocks away and you are right in the middle of great Union Square shopping. Have stayed here before at Christmas time to do some shopping and enjoyed that experience also.I was able to book the rooms and get breakfast included, so be sure and check to see if they are still running that special. The breakfast is on the top floor and has a fantastic view of the city. They served eggs, potatoes, bacon, fresh fruit, pastries etc. a good way to start the day. At the end of the day we had drinks in the top floor bar and enjoyed this also.The room itself was fine. Comfortable beds, desks and big windows that give you a wonderful view of the San Francisco skyline. The only thing I didn't like was the parking fees.....$45 a night to park a car! I heard there is a public lot near by that charges $30 so you might want to check that out. The concierges were very helpful in assisting me plan my birthday party. They suggested restaurants and activities to make the event extra special. Thank you Grand Hyatt for a wonderful time!	
Aug 24 2007 	Good Beds and Great Views	We stayed here for two nights; one using some Gold Passport points and the other on a AAA rate ($159/night, I think, including breakfast). It was a nice hotel in an excellent location, though not the typical San Francisco boutique hotel experience (i.e., no teddy bears, chintz, free wine, or woodburning fireplaces).Pros:-- Really nice room with giant windows that actually open up a little, good bed and a cute little ipod dock/radio (just make sure to dim it before bed or you could wake up in the middle of the night, bathed in a harsh and ghastly light trying to figure out how to turn it off without waking up your spouse. The answer is, cover it up with one of 8 or 10 pillows Hyatt strews on your bed and fix it in the morning). -- Awesome concierge crew -- helped with EVERYTHING, right down to boxing and taping our many wine purchases before our return flight.-- Great breakfast in a restaurant with 360 degree views and fantastic wait staff.Cons:-- Not much of a lobby, if you like lobbies.-- Bell staff a little clueless.-- Really expensive parking, but there are 2 or three other places that cost half as much right around the block.-- Our room was in a little corner very near to an elevator shaft (room 1424?). From the bathroom you could hear a loud and scary noise, like a phanom train, rushing by every few minutes. We probably should have changed rooms, but it wan't that loud in the bedroom and we slept soundly in the comfy beds.	
Aug 23 2007 	Great Hotel!	Fed Govt. traveler rate through there website of $140 a night 8/19-24 for king smoking room floors 3-17 (requested an upper floor smoking room with a view of the bay) I called from the airport and asked for options to get to the hotel, then took the BART from the airport for $5.30 to Powell St. station and walked the 4 blocks. Tried the express checkin but couldn't . The line was fast and as it turned out they had me on the 19th floor overlooking union square. The hotel is rectangular and only three or four rooms per floor overlook the square and bay so I was pleased to be in 1917 a handicapped room. It was slightly larger than the other room due to the huge bathroom. The reason I couldn't get do the express check-in was that they wanted to make sure I got the tax exempt forms for the room tax, which they provided me (didn't realize they existed). I had read some of the other reviews and the elevators (6) were good and fast 1-2 minutes. I was frequently out early and back by noon for period and wanted my room cleaned, so I always called housekeeping when I left and told them and the room was immediately cleaned. Great location (tons of top notch stores), Great View, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. When I went to the business center this PM to check-in for my flight tomorrow and print my boarding pass, she informed me they had a terminal and printer in the lobby where I could do it for free. A nice touch! You can also get a great professional massage, haircut, etc. next door at the St. Moritz Salon. All in all a wonderful stay.	
Aug 23 2007 	Weekend in San Francisco US - Grand Hyatt San Francisco	Came in to San Fran between two work weeks in Silicon Valley. I choosed Grand Hyatt mainly because it is right in the middle of the city, in Union Square.The hotel is tall and the lobby looks quite nice. Dark marble, which gives it a look of luxury and class. The valet parking worked excellent right outside the hotel and I checked in fast and smooth. The room was ok, not big, but neither small. The view was amazing with floor to ceiling windows, facing the business district of S.F.. A huge bed and a huge desk area, with a lounge chair, which I turned to face the window and just sat down with a drink and looked at the wonderful view from the 25th floor.The bathroom was not as nice as the rest of the room. It looked a bit old fashioned compared to the rest of the room. It was big but with old details and some old appliances to use, like the hair dryer.The sky restaurant and bar was good. The view makes up for the poor service in the bar, but the restaurant was much better and the breakfast bufé was excellent, especially with the view of the Golden Gate and Alcatraz.Overall, it was a good hotel and room. Nothing spectacular and luxury, but better then average.	
Aug 12 2007 	OK Hotel; High Price	The Hyatt's parking situation is attrocious. I drove around it twice trying to find a way to self-park. No dice. You have to pay them $45 per night to park the car. It costs a small fortune to park a car in most cities, but I don't like being forced to use valet. The room itself was OK in size and clean. Every morning riding down in the elevator I felt like I was on a local. We stopped at every floor. It became a joke amongst all of us one morning. The elevator was full--not room for a single new person--but we stopped at every floor from 30, down.	
Aug 11 2007 	Typical HUGE Hotel--good services but no charm	First, our room was not ready when we arrived there at 4:30pm. We were told it would be ready soon, so we went to our kids' room and waited for an hour. Came back--still not ready. We were told, again, it would be ready soon, so we went out to our dinner, came back and--still not ready! Turns out the previous guest had not checked out yet! Well, they finally kick that person out, so we finally did get into our room. The gave us half-price on that room for the 3 days, but things got off to a shaky start.This is a BIG hotel, with lots of people working there, and staying there. I didn't like it--very impersonal--but what they do, I guess they do well. The concierges were helpful, and they basically tried to do a good job.Another day during our stay our room was not cleaned until--again--after we got back from dinner!It is a good location for SF sightseeing, and there are plenty of dinner and other places nearby.	
Aug 8 2007 	Great Hotel - Great Location	My wife and I spent four nights at this hotel at the start of a West Coast tour. We were not disappointed. We have reserved a Regency Room. These are located between 31st and 36th floors and permit access to the Regency Club lounge. That was great as complimentary breakfast was available every morning and soft drinks throughout the day. The views from there were spectacular.Our room was very comfortable, everything was clean and well stocked. The hotel location was the thing that really pleased my wife. After a day of sightseeing she (and her credit card) were within walking distance of Saks, Niemen Marcus and Macy’s. In the evening, there were a variety of bars and restaurants close by. My big mistake – and I should know better – was to bring a car. It did nothing for 4 days except rack up a parking bill at the hotel. Including tax, the parking charge is about $50 per day. You have been warned!	
Jul 29 2007 	Great hotel!	Got an excellent price for the normally otherwise expensive hotel. Nice rooms and good service. Union Square overall is a nice area, but I'd say the Hyatt by Fisherman's wharf might be better in terms of location. Union square is primarily all shopping of name brand stores. Powell street is close by though and you can get the cable car rides easily from this hotel and several bus lines close by as well if you don't rent a car. Hotel parking is expensive though, almost $50 for overnight and overall the location lacks in places to eat. Great hotel, not the greatest locatio!	
Jul 24 2007 	Very nice hotel but DO NOT drive there!	Got a great deal on Priceline so I can't really complain. The hotel is very nice and clean, the employees are great, and the location is decent if you are in San Francisco and want to be able to walk to the usual tourist sites. One problem if you're driving. You are trapped and forced to pay their ridiculous price for parking. It is Valet only and as of July 2007, the price is $49 a night with added fees bringing the total to park your car there -per night- to around $56 – and this price is stated on their sign as being “for hotel guests.” If you get a great deal on Priceline or something and still want to drive, I suggest finding a public garage and at least pay half that.	
Jul 20 2007 	Great City Centre Hotel	We enjoyed a 2 night stay at the hyatt on 3 &amp; 4 july 07 and thoroughly recommend it. We received a very warm welcome on arrival at the hotel and a personal service continued throughout our stay which was very unexpected given the size of the hotel. We booked a very reasonable AAA discount rate for a 2 queen size bed room for 2 adults / 2 kids. The room overlooked the city on the 20th floor - not a great view but still a city view. the beds were extremely comfortable with lovely crisp cotton sheets and bedwear. Room could have been bigger but they are all standard size and actually it was ample for us. the bathroom is well equipped with a good shower albeit the tiling was a little beige and worn looking but the washbasin unit was marble. a weird feature was the coffee maker in the bathroom. it could hve fitted on the writing desk. however, the small screen tv in the bathroom was a great hit with our kids. The lounge bar on the 36th floor has wonderful views down to the Coit tower and the bay. the bar has a snack menu - burgers, pizzas etc. the burgers were excellent and not terribly expensive given the location at about $16. Drinks in the bar were likewise not too pricey $5 - $6 for a draft beer and $8 - $9 for a glass of wine. By the bottle is probably better value but given the tremendous view over San Fran u get it really is a small price to pay for the privilege. we had the great fortune of watching the 4th Fireworks from the lounge and we will never forget that experience. Lounge staff are great. we didn't try the restaurant but regretted that breakfast was not included in our rate, however, complimentary starbucks coffee is available in the morning in the lounge and complimentary San Fran Times delivered to the rooms. the fitness room looked like it would be very serviceable and we didnt visit the spa. The hotel is v centrally located in the centre of the shopping district and a 2 minute walk from Chinatown. The stroll through Chinatown takes you 10 minutes or so from the hotel into Little Italy so you will never be short of restaurant choices within easy walking distance from the hotel. The cable car terminus is just over 5 mins walk away. We took the rail link from the airport and got out at Powell i think where we had only a 3-5 minute walk to the hotel. Taxis to the Fishermans Wharf are about $7 so it really is a centrally located spot. we loved it and would definitely return.	
Jul 14 2007 	High Quality Central Location	The Grand Hyatt exceeded my expectations! We checked in early during a busy summer week without waiting in line. Staff was courteous and attentive. Place is clean and well maintained. Maid service was a little quircky. Views range from nice to outstanding. It's in a perfect central location that allowed us to stop in for breaks and unload purchases during our busy days. My teenagers loved the place. And there were no surcharges on my final bill!	
Jul 10 2007 	Not the worst not the best either.	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt San Francisco for two nights over a weekend. This hotel should be better than it is. It's got many of the pieces of what could be a great property, but it's still missing a couple of vital ones.The check-in process was brusque but efficient. I was offered an upgrade for an additional charge, declined, and went to my 12th floor room. The room was nicely appointed with a well-lit desk and a good work area. My room had a decent view of San Francisco, and noise was not a factor. The bed was comfortable and there were plenty of pillows.Furnishings in the room appeared to be relatively new, though there were holes in one of the sheets on my bed. Upon taking a shower the next morning I also found hair from the previous occupant(s) of the room. There was more than one hair in the bathtub, along with hair stuck to the back of the door. More unnerving than the lapse in cleanliness was the poor service that went along with it. My first call involved a front desk clerk who rushed to get me off the line rather than solve my problem. I was transferred to housekeeping, who promptly hung up on me after I asked to have extra attention paid to my room when next cleaned. When I called the front desk back and asked to speak to a manager I was told that there wasn't one on duty and that the clerk was not sure when there would be. Eventually housekeeping took care of the problem and I received a call from a member of housekeeping management apologizing for the problem (and offering a room change - which I declined). This was only after multiple calls on my part to resolve an issue which should have been dealt with in just one call. I've stayed in other 4-star properties in the area that offered much better consistency of cleanliness and service. In the future I would probably choose one of those as my first option. If I knew that the service and cleanliness at the Hyatt had risen to the level of those properties, however, I'd be willing to give it another shot.	
Jul 9 2007 	Pleasant Stay in S.F.	Perfect location on the northeastern side of Union Square, very safe, convenient to everything, near all the best shopping and close to Chinatown Gate. Everyone who worked there was most pleasant, friendly, and helpful.Rooms were very nice. The fitness center is one of the best I've ever seen at a hotel. My only complaint is that the breakfast room is much too small, resulting in waiting times of up to an hour for a table. This really threw off our plans every morning. They need to serve breakfast in a much larger room. The breakfast buffet itself is excellent, and the staff there are very very kind and friendly. The elevators also required quite a wait sometimes, as this is a very large hotel for only 5 or 6 elevators.Overall, we really enjoyed staying here, but don't pay extra for the breakfast- you'll waste a lot of time in the morning waiting for a table; just eat at any of the coffee shops or diners surrounding the hotel.	
Jul 7 2007 	Disappointed	Just returned from a 10 hotel vacation and the Hyatt features as the poorest in terms of quality but not the cheapest. Room was OK but wardrobe door was loose and faulty. Hair in sink and bath was off putting. Best measure of (lack of) customer service was the filthy window which we reported immediately on check in - hand marks and writing on internal window. We were told someone would clean, then they would clean next day - needless to say it remained uncleaned on check out two days later. Location only good point.	
Jul 6 2007 	Nice Hotel Great Location	Stayed at Grand Hyatt, San Francisco for business meeting and visits with friends and family. Great location just off Union Square, extremely easy access to Downtown and Chinatown areas. Spent better part of time off from meeting wandering around shops.I went to graduate school in San Francisco and remember this hotel being other chains before it became the Grand Hyatt. It is a nice hotel. Staff is attentive, rooms ok. I arrived late and had the misfortune of getting a room on the fifth floor--very noisy with street noise and kind of claustrophobic, would definitely suggest an upper level room, as high as you can get. Request for a change was made and got a room on the 12 floor, which was much quieter and seemed bigger.Food was okay, ate 4 meals in hotel--nothing outstanding, but could be better considering you are in San Francisco! Another tip if you stay here--no self parking, valet is $43/ nite. You can save $20/nite by parking across the street at the Stockton/Sutter Public Parking garage, which is self parking. Parking in San Francisco is a nightmare.	
Jul 2 2007	Clean 	Loved the location, walked everywhere. Dbl bed rooms comfortable enough to accommodate 2 couples. Very nice staff, very clean rooms! Easy check in and check out! Just Great!	
Jun 27 2007 	Excellent value views location	Just back from a two night stay at the Grand Hyatt San Francisco, June 23rd &amp; 24th, 2007. I really have no complaints about this hotel. Valet parking at the entrance was always very convenient. Was able to call from the room to have the car at the door in 10 - 15 minutes. Pricey parking at $43.00 per night, plus tax, but not much more than the other garages around the hotel. I liked walking out the door and climbing right into the car each time we needed it. Front Desk staff was courteous and efficient. Our room on the 26th floor faced West and had a beautiful view. Room was clean, nicely sized with a King bed, large desk, two comfortable chairs, and adjustable end table. Furniture a bit dated and worn, but nothing I would complain about. Bathroom was roomy and clean, albeit again a bit dated but decent. Marble counter in bath. Excellent shower head with great pressure. Love the Portico bath products! Small, funky looking TV that I enjoyed watching the news while using the bathroom. Hallways were kept clean. Generally very quiet. No issue with noise. Elevators didn't have unreasonably long waits, usually under two minutes if that. Property was generally very well kept and felt upscale. Not top notch luxury, but very nice for what it is. Ate breakfast both mornings at the Grandview restaurant on the 36th floor. Most incredible views of the city. I suggest going up there just to have a look. Food was pricey as is usually the case at a hotel restaurant, but we wanted the convenience of being able to grab a quick bite as we had a busy schedule. Wait staff was very good and friendly. Food tasty, no complaints. We paid $159.00 for our room booking directly on the Hyatt website, using the Senior Citizen rate. I believe the AAA rate is the same. For the money it was an excellent value. I recommend this hotel and most likely will consider this hotel as a first option on future trips to San Francisco. Best point, location, location, location, and if you can get a high floor, the views.	
Jun 23 2007	Great Hotel...But The Extras??	Stayed at the Hyatt 1 night on our tour of California.The hotel itself was of a high standard as you would expect,but from the moment we arrived I felt like money was falling through my hands with all the various &quot;add ons&quot;.The valet parking was $40 a night.In the room the bottle of water on the side had a note on them saying $5 each.I went to use the internet in the lobby and was told &quot;its $5.95 for 15 minutes&quot;.I went across the road to the Holiday inn...where its free!When we went out at night we had to wait 15 minutes for the car as the valet was so busy bringing eveybodys car up,me I would rather just park my own car,its a lot easier but I know in the US they seem to be big on the valet thing.We couldnt fault the location,and the beds were awesome,but I dont think I would stay here again as all the add ons put me off.	
Jun 20 2007	Good location 	Hotels which are part of large chains tend to be impersonal &amp; homogenous, and in this sense the Grand Hyatt was no exception. However, that aside it's hard to criticise.The room was very spacious, the bed was huge &amp; comfortable (stretch right out and still you can't touch the edges!) and everything in the room &amp; bathroom worked as it should. I was on a lower floor, so there was no view and some noise from the street.Great views from the Restaurant &amp; Bar, but both are quite expensive.Position is very good - central San Fran and close to Cable Car stop (don't wait at the terminus, just jump on at a stop a block or 2 along - no waiting).Concierge service was very helpful.Would stay here again, mainly because of the position.	
Jun 20 2007 	Excellent location	This hotel is in a great location, easy walk to all union square shopping, Chinatown. Very comfortable beds, fairly quiet rooms, 7th floor,can still hear loud street noises but room ventilation masks fairly well. Staff very friendly, lounge on 36th floor excellent view of the city, got rooms for $80 from priceline, would stay here again.	
Jun 18 2007 	Perfectly convenient	We booked this hotel directly on their website and had reserved an executive room on their business floor. We were impressed with the deal we were able to get and were looking forward to staying here at the end of our relaxing holiday.Firstly, the location was fantastic. The hotel is conveniently located close to trams and bars. For the raging shopaholic, this place provides easy access to shopping in any direction you walk from this hotel. The location also allows it to have fantastic views of the city, with bay views on one side and Union Square on the other. Our room was spacious, comfortable and very clean. The wardrobe was also sufficient with enough room for all our shopping. The bathroom is also equally roomy, with great amenities. Our room had fabulous views overlooking Union Square and also provided great views of the sunrise each morning. Since we booked an executive room, we had access to the business lounge for breakfast and early evening hors d'oeuvres. The lounge had great views of the bay, if you got in early enough to grab the seats. My only issue is that the lounge is not big enough for the number of people who have access to it. We were fortunate to get seats whenever we needed it, but there were a few people who were made to stand around waiting for a seat. The hors d'oeuvres in the evening were also great. You would also find substantial meals being supplied as well, such as pasta. So you would end up having a late dinner. Service in the lounge was the friendly and courteous. This was very well appreciated.Overall, this hotel is a class act. Great views, great rooms and wonderful staff.	
Jun 16 2007 	Amazing views	I had read the reviews before my stay and I was expecting the worse ...... But it was fantastic!!!!!We upgraded to use the club facilities on the 32 floor and this proved to be a really good a short stroll from our room with a casual but hearty breakfast buffet with amazing views over the city and Bay. Also good for tasty nibbles early evening ahead of a big night out.I will definately stay there again.	
Jun 13 2007 	Good location	I stayed at this hotel June 7-10 for a conference. The location is great, a block to Union Square, approx. 7 blocks to the Metreon and Moscone convention center. The conference facilities were fine. There is a Starbucks across the street, a drug store a block away, and two private garages within 2 blocks of the hotel. Hotel parking is available too at $50/night. The room was not as nice as I had expected. The good part was it was quiet and the bed was very comfortable. The bad part was after check in (exhausted and wanting a hot shower) I discovered hairs in the tub. The was also mildew on the soap holder. One phone call did not correct the problem promptly. A second phone call to the operator did bring a housekeeper to my room within 10 minutes to repeat the cleaning of the bathtub. The towels provided were nothing special. The bathroom was clearly in need of renovation but the water pressure was decent. Another good thing about the hotel is the exercise room - top of the line equipment, in good quantity and complimentary access. Another poor point for the hotel was the SLOW elevators. I don't know if some elevators were not working, if the hotel was full to capacity, just older and slower elevators - every time I had to wait more than usual for an elevator to arrive. I didn't eat at any of the hotel restaurants so I can't comment on them. Overall a decent stay and great location. Just be on the lookout for dirty tubs!	
Jun 7 2007 	Great experience	Stayed for a long weekend and was pleasantly surprised. Rooms were clean and beds are the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The best part of this hotel is the concierge service. They give perfect directions to every tourist attraction and are very professional. Loved that they recommended a chartered shuttle back to the airport at a discounted rate. This is the perfect location - close to every mode of transportation, coffe shops, quaint bar a block away, awesome shopping all around. Tip: Buy the 3 day muni pass which is good for any muni bus, train or trolley. It will save you tons of money. Don't waste time on a cab.We were accidentally charged for the mini bar - because someone moved something - but when we pointed out the mistake they were quick to remove it from our bill. This is a beautiful hotel and deserves the four star rating. Will definitely recommend to all family and friends.	
May 29 2007 	Can't be any happier .. LOVED It!	My bf and I just returned from a Memorial weekend get-away in SF :)We cannot be any happier with the service that we received from the Grand Hyatt :STAFF- front desk's were quick and friendly; we asked for a room change due to the view and they happily assisted us- housekeeping's did a courtesy check before clocking out- Grandviews Restaurant's were incredibly warm and friendly, almost felt like home!FIRST ROOM- on the 24th floor facing the Financial District- nice king bed and clean- can't really say much since we asked for another room with better viewSECOND ROOM- on the 25th floor with full view of Coit Tower, TransAm Building, the Bay, Angel Island, etc. (see pics)- two full beds with 4 pillow EACH .. VERY comfy .. loved it!- was a bit dirty as the past guest left a bit of garbage in one of the drawers and his jeans in the back of the closet (okay ..)- loved the scent of the soap (citrusy!)We used our AAA card and was able to get a free upgrade and upgraded once again at the front desk (for $20 more) .. it's worth it!RESTAURANTAgain, with the AAA card, we received a free breakfast at the Grandview Restaurant - you can choose either the buffet or one entree from the menu. We opted for the buffet and had coffee/juice/smoothie served to us automatically. The buffet consisted of eggs, sausage, bacon, French toast, oatmeal, fruits, and cereal. All hit the spot after a late night of toursiy activities in the City! I just have to reiterate that the service was fantastic (esp Danny and Wendy)!This hotel doesn't have much frills (as compared to the W) but it's very much warm and homey .. the location is unbeatable!Definitely recommend this hotel for your stay in SF if you're a no-fuss and efficient kinda person!	
Apr 16 2007	Great view...if you're lucky enough to get one	I recently stayed at the Grand Hyatt for a conference and had enough luck to get a room on the 16th floor facing the water. Couldn't see all of the bay, but did have a great view of Coit Tower and the Transamerica Pyramid. Gorgeous during the day or at night. I loved the sliding glass doors, so I could take pictures from the window and get fresh air in the room. Also liked the nice big closet and good-sized bathroom. Wished I could have brought the bed and all it's pillows home with me.The concierge was helpful and the GrandViews bar at the top of the hotel was spectacular. OMG the views....sigh...Anyway, my only complaint was the room service. They were relatively fast, but the food wasn't great. And for all the great places nearby, I'd take the time to walk elsewhere.Nice hotel for sure, but glad my work picked up the $275 a night tab.	
Apr 14 2007	Comfortable Clean Room Great Location Great Value	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt located near San Francisco's Union Square in April of 2007. I was in S.F. to attend Linkage Inc. workshop on Organizational Development which was held at Crowne Plaza on Sutter and Powell. Just around the corner. Prior to staying at the Grand Hyatt, I had reservations at the Hilton S.F., Marriott Renaissance, and the Crowne Plaza. I choose the the Grand Hyatt because it had the best value and Trip Advisor ratings out of all of these hotels. I took the Amtrak train from the Central Valley into Emeryville, CA (near Oakland) and then took a Amtrak bus from Emeryville into the city. The Amtrak bus dropped me off at Market and 5th. Just about 4 - 5 block walk up to the Grand Hyatt. You are climbing up when walking from Market street to the Grand Hyatt, so if you have really heavy luggage, you might want to take a cab. Walking back to Market street was no problem.I was greeted by with a friendly welcome from Joy at the front desk. I asked for quiet room and I had a medium height floor facing Union Square. Joy asked if I did not mind a disabled friendly room and I did not mind. The rooom is a bit larger than your standard king size room plus the bathroom is a lot bigger with a shower that you can just slide into and a few inches deeper than the bathroom floor. Joy called me later to see if everything was alright!The room climate controls were comfortable and the bed was very comfortable. You can hear a little street noise but nothing that would bother me and the noise lot less than Manhattan hotel rooms. So I slept fine. The room has minibar but it is controlled by sensors, so anytime you move a beverage, you are charged. So becareful, if you are putting in beverages in the mini bar. The lights get turned, brighter and off when your hand touches the metal. The room was clean and the cleaning staff did a good job each day cleaning the room. There was a coffee maker in the room but no complementary coffee, but my workshop was in just around the corner and at the workshop breakfast was provided so this was not much of a problem. I used the gym which was good and had multiple machines. Some free weight stations. The service weres all said Hi to me when I passed them in this property.The restaurant and bar near the top of the hotel offers great views of looking towards both the S.F. Bay as well as the Financial District. I did not eat in the hotel, the menu looked a bit pricey.I ate at Original Joes in the tenderloin which in a lower income area area just south of the Hilton on O'Farrell. Original Joes has great and tasty steaks and Italian food but the decor is dated and area is not so good. Many street people who say strange things but I did not feel unsafe. Service at Original Joe's is average though. Ate Thai food at Muang Thai across from the Hilton on O'Farrell. Also tried David's Jewish Deli onGeary but Katz's on the Lower East Side in NYC, Carnegi Deli on Broadway in NYC and Factor's Deli on West Pico in L.A. are all much better than Davids in S.F.. I also eat at very good Indonesian resturant Northwest of the Hilton, three blocks North and two blocks west of the Hilton. Maybe it was on Sutter Street. I believe the name was Bandor..something..can not recall but highly recommed this restaurant. Many Indonesian speaking locals eating at this restaurant. S.F. food prices tend to be higher.On Powell and Sutter there is Wallgreens Drug Store where you can pick beverages, snacks, and fruit at reasonable prices. It is northwest of the Grand Hyatt. 3-5 minute walk.During our workshop at the Crowne Plaza, the lunches provided by the Crowne Plaza and all meals, breakfasts were all tasty.Shopped around Union Square at the Niketown and Paul Smith stores. Plenty of high end fashion stores around Union Square and also on Market and 5th at the Westfield Mall. Also on Market nearby are discount shops like Marshalls and Ross.I have future business in S.F. in both September and December and would stay at the Grand Hyatt again because of the great central location, comfortable and clean room, good gym and most of the price was around $135.00 per night including tax.	
Apr 11 2007 	Great deal through hotwire!	I LOVE Hotwire! Grand Hyatt was not only a great deal, it was everything that it claimed to be in terms of being a customer favorite and having a wonderful location. Sometimes I have experienced a feeling of being put in a less than wonderful room (paranoia perhaps?) for my Hotwire purchase, but not here. Valet was expensive at $45, but was timely and nice to have. The room was nice and luxurious for the money.	
Apr 10 2007 	Terrible - Don't ruin your San Francisco stay!	I just returned from a long weekend for Easter in San Fran. While I had a fantastic time touring this amazing city, the hotel experience was AWFUL. First, I'm not one of those picky travelers who complains about anything and everything. I travel frequently, US, Europe, Africa, Carribbean but I've NEVER had this bad of an experience and rarely ever felt the need to get online to write a bad review. But this, I had to let people know.First, just as the reviewer below me said - I also arrived late, and the hotel was dead. I had to wait a few minutes to see one front desk person show up finally. No bell person, nothing. So I figured ok, it's late, doesnt matter. She gave me my room info and I head up, with no offer of assistance or anything. As a single traveler, it definitely was the least welcoming hotel I've been to. I head up, and get into the room, it was just very plain and very dated. A little depressing frankly, but I figured I wouldn't stay in my room all day anyway. I decided to lock the door but in doing so, first I tried to open it and it wouldn't open at all!! I was locked in from the inside!!! I couldn't believe it. I tried and tried, nothing. So I called the desk, they sent a bell guy up and I had to SLIDE the card through the door for him to open door!!I'll make it short, because it really was incredulous. So they gave me another room: Change 1.The next days, I changed rooms THREE times. The shower wasn't working properly in the room I was moved in: the water was lukewarm atbest. The engineer couldn't fix it, so they sent me to another room. Change 2. I couldn't believe it. When I got to that room, I started taking a shower : and to my shock, same issue!!!! only this time, it was COLD - no hot water at all. The front desk guy apologized and said He guessed the engineer didn't check before moving me. I'm thinking, it's YOUR job to check, not his!!! So the guy says he has a great room with a better view of Union Square for me, and that the next morning, I should go up and get complimentary breakfast and ask for the manager, because he (the front desk guy) arranged for it personally. I just couldn't believe that all they offered me was lame breakfast!!!! for making me move three times in 2 days!!!!UNBELIEVABLE. So, left with NO choice I moved AGAIN. The next morning, I decided to collect on my &quot;complimentary breakfast&quot;. I was impressed with the views from the restaurant and waited for the manager. She came, and after I told her the story, she had NO CLUE what I was on about!!!!! She said, do you remember the name fo the front desk person who told you you could have free breakfast??I couldn't believe it. She had to make calls - and still no one at the front desk that morning knew what I was on about. No complaint note on my room, NOTHING.So she says taht she's sorry, but she will have to put the breakfast on my tab until she can clear the story. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Enough said. I was so humiliated and furious!!! The breakfast, btw was awful (found a hair on the french toast and pointed it out to the manager, she didnt even apologize or offer me anythign in exchange) and I got billed $30 for the buffet. I headed back downstairs and told front desk to find the guy who said I could have the free breakfast, and that this was really just absurd. They said they would, looking at me like I was crazy instead of apologizing for putting me through that.I came back very late (because frankly I never wanted to even stay in my room, the rooms are SO dated and dreary). I went back to the front desk, and the actual assistant manager who had handled my complaint was there, and told another front desk guy to delete the charge from breakfast from my bill. BUT AT NO POINT did he even identify himself (I recognized him from the name tag), or apologize for NOT having told the breakfast manager, or ANYTHING. Just gave me such a snobby go-away look. And then they have the gall to ask if I wanted additional breakfast coupons!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I'm going to end here. But suffice it to say, I will never ever ever stay at this hotel, or any other Grand Hyatt ever again. I am sure that if I were older and probably of another color, I would have received better treatment and definitely more than a free bkfast. At the very least, I should've been credited one night off my stay, for making me change rooms THREE times in 2 days and making me pay for a breakfast until they could figure out whether I had &quot;lied&quot; about it. And this is a four star hotel???? I had to CHASE them down to take the bfast off my bil!!!! The only positive was the location, but as the other reviewer said, there were MANY hotels with that convenience. I had a fantastic time in the bay area, but the hotel DID put a damper on my stay - truly cold staff and cold dated rooms. Never ever again.	
Apr 10 2007	Excellent	The Grand Hyatt in San Fran is an awesome hotel - big rooms, great bedding, fitness center on 6th floor. The view from the 36th floor bar is excellent - very cool. Expensive breakfast.	
Apr 9 2007 	Great stay at Grand Hyatt	My husband and I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for three nights during the first week in April, 2007. I was a little unsure of our choice after reading a few reviews, but I was really pleased. I have traveled quite a bit and have stayed at hotels in big cities before- mostly Chicago. The downside to staying in prime locations in the big cities is always the price. We did pay more than we usually like to for any hotel, but you can't beat the location. It was a 5-10 minute walk from Chinatown, public transit, and a million places to eat and shop. I LOVED the location!The hotel is older (not ancient by any means), but our room was very nice. Not shiny new, but nice. I was really impressed with the size of our room. It was quite spacious.The service in the hotel was excellent. I was really impressed with the concierge service. The ladies there gave us directions EVERYWHERE! We used the public transportation and found it very easy to get around with their help. They gave us good advice on places to eat, and even ordered a shuttle for our ride back to the airport. The front desk and housekeeping were equally friendly and helpful. I enjoyed our trip to San Francisco and would definitely recommend staying in this hotel in Union Square.	
Mar 22 2007 	Not Bad Not Good !	Just returned from San Francisco &amp; have to say Fantastic City!!The Grand Hyatt is currently rated 70 on here &amp; would say thats about accurate, the one thing going for it as everyone agrees is location, although we did see many other hotels in &amp; around Union Sq so it does have competition on that front, but after seeing Fishermans Wharf the more up market Union Sq area is in our opinion where you need to be stopping.First impressions of hotel on arrival is that the entrance is on the road &amp; for a big hotel does not have a great frontage. We checked in late so reception was quiet &amp; quick but cosidering these two points we where not asked if we needed any assistance with our two large cases &amp; ended up taking them to our rooms ourselves.We decided to pre book a Regency Club room, as we thought a better room &amp; extra touches would be nice however this turned out to be dissapointing although we cant comment on a standard room we are sure there could be little difference between the two, we found our club room average at best .The bathroom was very dated &amp; room drab in decor,just looks like it needed a makeover best thing about it was the bed, big &amp; very comfortable!The club lounge also seemed pointless the only thing we gained for our extra $50 each a night was continental breakfast &amp; a few complimentary soft drinks no personal concierge infact all the staff except one chap were pretty impersonal you were also expected to pay for alcoholic beverages between 5 &amp; 7 pmwhich we were initially led to believe from Expedia were going to be free! Best thing about the club lounge is the elevated view which is awesome this is what we think you are may be paying for so be warned,unless you want a stunning view of the city while having breakfast dont bother with Regency Club.We think that if we had gone for the standard room option it would have been reasonable value for an ageing hotel but we did expect a bit more from Hyatt &amp; when returning we will be checking out some other hotels as San Francisco has plenty.	
Mar 18 2007 	Superb location	My girlfriend and I visited the Grand Hyatt as part of our trip in Southern California and picked the hotel due to its wonderful location. It is within walking distance of Union Square and its shopping area, Chinatown and the cable cars.We did not use the parking services amounting to $ 43,-/night as the hotel itself is easily reachable by public transportation (BART from the airport, MUNI buses and the cable cars).Our room at the 18th floor had a great view of Union Square. The room was in good shape and came with a comfortable bed and good bathroom. However, the room was a little small. Despite being on the 18th floor, we heard some noise from Union Square and streets below. This noise was never disturbing.Had breakfast and dinner at the Grandviews restaurant once. The views of San Francisco are fantastic as the restaurant is located on the 36th floor. However, breakfast and dining are pricey. As an alternative, close to the hotel are a lot of other restaurants (less pricy). There are also several supermarkets close to the hotel for candy or bottled water.Staff was very friendly and helpful.Two negatives: The hotel is a big convention hotel and just the overall ambiance seems to be focussed on conventions and the hotel itself seems just a bit dated.Overall a great stay and I would stay there again.	
Mar 14 2007 	Wonderful Stay at Grand Hyatt	Booked the Grand Hyatt on Priceline for a great price and was put in a suite with an incredible view of the Bay and San Franciso. We were put on a concierge floor so got a wonderful free breakfast every morning. The service was excellent, directions, maps, all we asked for. The location is absolutely perfect, amenities really nice. A wonderful stay.	
Mar 3 2007 	Loved It	What a location! Our room had a small balcony directly above Union Square- wow! We took the train from the airport- the hotel was a short three block walk. The staff was friendly. Problems-the in-room internet keyboard didn't work correctly- they refunded, the cordless phone was slightly broken, the furniture needed updating, and the 5&quot; TV in the bathroom got a few channels and seemed like it was purchased in the 50's. Most important- THE BED WAS AMAZING, I want to buy one, and location, location, location. ALso, being a tall tower, I could find the hotel from all over town. I paid $85 on Priceline for the room. $85!!!! That's amazing! enjoy	
Feb 25 2007 	Another Grand Stay	We stayed for a one day getaway at the Grand Hyatt. It is one of our favorites for exploring the city. The location is in the heart of the city. Great Union Square shopping, steps from the cable car turnaround, Chinatown, live theatre, and great restaurants. We were upgraded to a bay view room and enjoyed a bottle of wine while watching the city light up at the end of the day. Of course you will hear some noise from the city. Your smack dab in the middle of it! The bed is extremely comfortable and the hotel provides nice ammenities in the bathroom too. The room isn't large but still adequate. It is our favorite place to stay for a last minute getaway!	
Feb 21 2007	great location great beds and helpful staff	Get a high floor room by joining Hyatt's free Gold Passport, and you'll love the view of all of San Francisco from the spacious room, well appointed, but it's about time to get furniture redone, replace the old Tv in room and bathroom tv. High quality bed and linens, fabulous concierge service downstairs helped with food, travel suggestions. When we had problems with key working, I asked and got satisfaction from the Mgr on duty. Excellent location 1 blk from Union Sq that has totally free wifi internet, whereas hotel charges $ 12 a day with no free areas other than 15 min in business ctr. Top floor eaterie is so so in food, pricey.	
Feb 19 2007 	Great location	I only stayed at the Grand Hyatt for one night on business. I got a $110/night rate on Priceline. I bid in the Union Square East- Embarcadero area for a 4-star hotel.A cab ride from the airport is about $40 dollars. With the high price of valet ($43/day)...I ended up just taking cabs instead of renting a car. I feel like I saved money and it was easier than trying to drive around the city. The cabs are plentiful in front of the hotel. My flight left early in the morning (6AM). I called the front desk about 10 minutes before I was to leave. He wasn't sure if he was going to be able to get a cab in time and had called a secondary car service that was basically the same price. I was impressed that had a back-up plan.I checked in around 1PM and my king bed room wasn't ready. I didn't have to time to wait so I opted for a room with two double beds on the 10th floor. My room faced the front of the hotel. I didn't think the view was very good. The view from the restaurant on the 36th floor faces another direction and it was very nice. Try for something facing that way! The rooms are on the small side, but typical for a city hotel. The room was very clean and I really liked the Portico bath products. There is a small TV in the bathroom, but it was rather old and I never did get it to work. The wireless worked great and is TMobile ($9.99/day). It is nice if you are around another TMobile site before the 24 hours expires because you can still log on with your hotel day pass (I was still able to log on at the airport in the Admirals Club.)I had dinner in the bar area of the restaurant. I must recommend the shrimp cocktail appetizer. It isn't your typical shrimp cocktail, but it was REALLY GOOD. It doesn't look like much, but when you taste it...you will be glad you ordered it. They also have a decent wine list. The view is very nice and worth at least meeting friends up there for a drink. The food was expensive as you would expect in a downtown hotel. I also ordered lunch from room service and it was very prompt. The banana split was very yummy as well. :)The location is really is great if you are a shopper. Every store you can imagine is within a few blocks. I know there were restaurants in the area, but nothing that really interested me enough to walk in the rain. If I had been staying longer I would have wanted to take a cab to the mission district, etc.If you are in the area and you can get a good price, it is certainly a nice hotel and was set up nicely for a business traveler.	
Feb 16 2007 	Wonderful Manager	Outstanding staff! We were there with our two children for New Years. The manager on duty was FANTASTIC! She was attentive, we got all that we had asked and more! I am just a gold passport member, not even a high level one. The hotel was sold out. She upgraded us to a beautiful suite.It was clean, comfortable, the view was fantastic. I travel to many marriotts and to many hiltons for business, this was for pleasure. The service, food, and staff, were a step above what I have come to expect at most places. I am a silver member with both Hilton and Marriott and do not get the wonderful treatment that this hotel gave us for our stay! Cheers to the managment!	
Feb 12 2007 	Great Place and Great Location	This place was great. We stayed on a high floor, and had a great view to the Transamerica Pyramid and down to the Financial District. Everyone was helpful, and the place was clean and tidy. Everything was as expected for this kind of hotel and the price. Would definately stay here again	
Jan 27 2007 	Another Great Stay	We stay at this hotel often when we visit friends and family in the area and it is still terrific. As other people have noted, the lower rooms don't have the great views the upper floors do, but the rooms are all still large (by Union Square standards) and clean. Everyone from the front desk, the concierge, the maid service and valet -- is always polite and prompt to take care of our many requests (we travel a lot and tend to be picky). The location is great. For shoppers, Union Square is paradise. The main entrance to Chinatown is a short 2 blocks walk away. North Beach is a 10 minute cab ride, F'sherman's Wharf and Pacific Heights are about 15 min by cab. The Ferry Bldg with its fabulous new weekend market is about 5 mins away. There are also a variety of public transportation options at Union Square. What's the only downside? You don't need a car if you're just touring San Francisco (the public transportation is fabulous), but if you have one (we visit outside the city) parking is OUTRAGEOUS all over San Francisco. Valet at the hotel was $42 a day (ouch!)	
Jan 5 2007	Nice hotel but beware the noise from Union Square	My daughter and I spent the night and did some shopping in Union Square a few weeks before Christmas. We were on a high floor (22, I think) and our room overlooked Union Square with all its Christmas lights--a fantastic view. The only problem was that the music (drum beats!) from the square went on until way past midnight and the noise carried all the way up to our floor. It was miserable trying to fall asleep. Other than that, we liked our room--not too small by SF standards, very comfortable beds and pillows, and an adequate bathroom. It's true that you can't beat the location--just think twice about overlooking Union Square if you're at all noise-sensitive.	
Jan 3 2007	A little too much partying...	We stayed here New Year's Eve weekend and got an excellent rate given the capacity and prices around the city. The Good:We were given free full breakfast vouchers for each day due to being AAA members. Excellent breakfast--either buffet or off the menu. Nice room, nice view--nothing special but clean and everything we needed. Excellent desk service and extra security during the partying time.The Bad:Service at the top-floor lounge was terrible. Yes, every table was taken (expect for some reserved), leaving about 16 tables of 2-4 people with two servers, a busser/expediter, and bartender. Hard to get a napkin, let alone a drink.The Ugly:We were in a connecting room--our first one. The couple in the room next door had a....hmm...VERY good time on New Year's Eve night. Just after midnight we heard every moan and pant--EVERY one! Sorry to be nasty but it was so. Definitely will not be staying in such a room ever again and plan to go back to the Argonaut--our favorite hotel in S.F.	
Dec 29 2006 	Sleepless in SF	My husband and I stayed here the other night and we're still recovering from the lack of sleep. We reserved a deluxe room and after trying to enter the wrong room (front desk error), we finally entered our abode for the evening. Once inside, I wondered what a non-deluxe room must look like. There was nothing deluxe about the shoebox we checked into. It was very small, with a King size bed, a media armoire, a desk and a couple of chairs and lamps crammed into it. Pretty standard. Anyway, it would do. The problem occurred later when we came back from dinner past midnight and were looking forward to some serious shut eye. ALL NIGHT LONG there was this hideous creaking sound coming out of the ceiling. It was like living under a pacing 300 pound giant. I tossed. I turned. I turned on the TV to drown out the horrible noise. I piled pillows over my head. Finally, at 3:49 AM I gave up and just turned the lights on and started checking my e-mail. We ended up checking out at 9:00 AM so I could get home and take a nap instead of hanging out in the city for a few hours. There is nothing horribly bad about the Hyatt (except for that creaking) but there's nothing really great about it either. I'll definitely opt for other digs next time we visit.	
Dec 28 2006 	Great Location....	I stayed with my family (hubbie &amp; 9 yr old) 12/22-12/24.I ended up finding a fantastic rate of $103.20 a nite which included breakfast for 2 each day. I asked for a Regency Blun room but none were available so I asked for Regency club access and received that for an extra $25 a day (BTW I ended up not getting charged for this perk); I feel it is well worth it. The Regency Club is on the 32nd floor and is open till 9pm at night. The RC provides a nice continental breakfast spread (cereal, fruit, toast, yougurt, oatmeal granola) + a nice happy hour spread (hot snacks mix fruit); you can get water, coffee, tea, hot choc, sodas all day; happy hour drinks cost $4 for beer, wine etc. I got up early every morning; took my newspaper and had coffee and enjoyed the wonderful view of the bay. This is a nice option that people should be aware of; if you wanted to take items back to your room no problem, the staff even provided traysThe room was on the 14th floor and was very basic; lacking in bathroom amenties that I would expect from the Hyatt (no qtips, cotton balls etc). The coffee for the in-room coffeemaker was in the hospitality fridge; which you can not use for personal items you must request a fridge from housekeeping. The room was very clean and the beds were very comfortable. I do want to address the Frebeze smell; I did smell a perfumey smell when I got off the evalator on each floor; the smell did go away once I entered my room or the RC. It is there for those that are sensitive to such scent.I recommend parking on the corner garage Stockton/Sutter Street; as valet is $40 + tax a day. The lobby is quite grand with an oriental feel since the hotel is so close to Chinatown.The lobby window; had a cute Christmas village lit up.I recommend Uncle Vito's pizza; they have a yummy house salad and the best pizza.We ate only one time for breakfast at the hotel; the breakfast buffet looked good; I don't care for buffets too much and ordered off of the menu as did my hubby and child; everything was delicious. We ate at Lefty O'Douls for breakfast which I recommend for a cheap breakfast and to go have a drink.There is a piano singer that had the place rolling on Friday night and they serve a nice Irish coffee if you go for that type of drink.I would have given this hotel a higher except for the amenties faux pax; this is a GRAND HYATT and those bathroom amenties should be standard.	
Dec 27 2006 	Great Location and Great Staff	I visit San Francisco about two or three times a year and have done so for the past ten years. However, I have never used Priceline until this past visit and what a bummer that I only tried it now!!! I paid litle more than what one would pay for a one or two star hotel in San Francisco! Anyway, on to the review of this hotel. I had stayed here many years ago and had enjoyed it very much. But it seems as though prices had crept up over the years and I found myself staying more and more at the Argonaut which is an incredible hotel for the price and location.We arrived in the morning and weren't sure if the Hyatt would be able to check us in early but asked anyway. They told us the rooms were being cleaned and to come back in about an hour (this was 8am). No problem, went around the corner to Sears Coffee Shop and came back. No problem, got ourselves a room! The room was not large but had more than enough room for my family of three. I admit that the view was non existant but I wasn't going to argue with the price I was paying. It was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was also very nice.The most pleasant surprise during our stay was the housecleaning staff. Each and every one of them was pleasant and would acknowledge you everytime you saw them. By this I don't mean just a &quot;hello&quot; and then go away but a real conversaion. Maybe not a long one but, &quot;how are you today? Is everything alright?&quot;. They made us feel like they really cared about our well being. They were more than happy to provide us with anything we needed. The location of this hotel can't be beat, you're basically just steps away from Union Square and I mean steps! You can walk to nearly everything and the Cable Car stop is just a block away. If you plan on using the cable car for transportation get yourself a city pass. It'll allow you unlimited use of the Muni System plus give you a bargain to a bunch of other attractions. I think the Cable Car is much to expensive at $5 per ride nowadays. Looks like I'll be staying at the Grand Hyatt more often from now on!	
Dec 26 2006 	They'll give your room away	I stayed at this hotel for 4 days between 12/7 and 12/10. Upon checking out I reconfirmed that the following weekend 12/16 to 12/18 I also had GUARANTEED FOR LATE ARRIVAL reservations for TWO rooms and would be back. Upon arrival on the 16th we were told our rooms had been given away. At ll:30 at night, during the Christmas season, there is very little available in San Francisco. We were told by the manager that had we not shown up we still would have been charged for the rooms even though they were given away. The Hyatt did, to their credit, ended up putting us up in another hotel for the evening, but wanted us to return to the Hyatt for the second night of our stay! Paying for the first night of our stay does not excuse the fact that a guarantee for late arrival reservation for two rooms was given away. Travelers do not always arrive at the convenience of a hotel, therefore, the guranteed for late arrival is to be their assurance of a room. I feel this kind of treatment shows poorly for the BIG Hyatt corporation. Also, there were charges put onto my charge for the orginal 4 days that were for services we did not use. Hyatt has lost a long standing Passport member and never again will I recommend to anyone to stay at a Hyatt. We have been treated poorly, in the past, with Hyatt Hotels and have always given them another chance. They are a big company and really don't care where their dollars come from as long as they keep pouring in. They need to clean up their mediocre rooms and their mediocre attitude. Hyatt is not what Hyatt use to stand for.	
Dec 18 2006 	great locations fantastic rooms service could have been better	i stayed at the grand hyatt for 5 nights during December 2006. The location was great - right in the heart of union square and close to public transport. The rooms were spacious and clean however the service left a lot to be desired. We arrived at 2pm and were told that our room would not be ready for another 2 hours. would definitely stay there again for the fabulous location.	
Dec 1 2006 	Pleasant pre-holiday stay at the Grand Hyatt	Visiting San Fran the weekend before Thanksgiving has become something of a regular thing in recent years and I've enjoyed the chance to stay at a number of high quality downtown properties in the process. I'm happy to report that the Grand Hyatt at Union Square provided a comfortable and welcoming &quot;home base&quot; for my partner and I during this year's stop (Nov 2006) in the city by bay. Full disclosure: I accompanied a travel industry professsional who obtained a terrific rate by booking our room months in advance and talking directly with the hotel. Still, our room rate was right in line with other excellent rates easily obtainable via Priceline and Hotwire for this same property. Our request for an upper level floor was happily accomodated by the friendly and professional young lady at the reservation counter at check in. We wound up with a west-facing room on the 30th floor that not only towered over all nearby buildings, but also offered a terrific side view of the newly-lit Christmas Tree on Union Square...and more than one gorgeous sunset The guestroom and bathroom were fairly standard in decor and size. Furnishings were reasonably tasteful and comfortable, too. The only headscratcher was one floorlamp's wobbly, uneven lampshade. Such an obvious candidate for replacement, it wrongfully lent the room a slightly shabby first impression -- one that fortunately did not last. At the opposite end of the spectrum (in a good way) was the room's absolutely outstanding bed: snowy white, pillow-topped perfection, arranged with a mountain of pillows and an attracitve contemporary-patterned throw. This room's king-sized model appeared to be very new and it was as good if not better than any of the &quot;heavenly&quot; beds touted by some of the Hyatt's 4 and 5 star competitors; Slept great!The public areas in the hotel may not be opulent, but they are tasteful. And given the Hyatt's close promimity to so very many San Francisco downtown attractions, its unlikely that you'll be lingering much at the hotel anyway. A nod to the staff: Everyone that we encountered -- from housekeepers in the hall, to the kindly desk help, to the courteous doormen and porters -- was warm, genuine and helpful during our numerous comings and goings to see the city.In all, a very positive experience. If you're looking for a prime hotel location near Union Square with the potential of an outstanding view, the certainty of a comfortable bed, and a friendly staff to welcome you - look no further. We'll certainly consider the Grand Hyatt when booking future accomodation in San Francisco.	
Nov 16 2006 	More than pleasantly surprised!!	I don't know what everybody is complaining about! The hotel was fabulous and an amazing value and that is coming from a hotel snob! It was very easy to find (not sure about those people that couldn't find it, its absolutely huge and well marked). It had a luxurious lobby, nice restarants and a perfect location. Our standard king bedroom on the 9th floor was much larger than expected and had a wonderfully comfortable bed with very nice clean white linens and pillows. I'm not sure why people think the rooms are dark or cavelike because every room has floor to ceiling windows/doors that open to the fresh air. We were also so impressed by their gym. We looked forward to working out each morning with their state of the art equipment , headphones and peppermint scented towels. It is geared toward business travlers but so what, that means cheaper rates on the weekend and we still enjoy the perks of wireless internet and lots of great amenities. But I don't mind all the other complainers because that means more availability for my next visit. Can't wait to come back.!	
Nov 15 2006 	good location 3 star amenities	The location is what makes this hotel worthwhile with easy access to Union Square and Chinatown. Our limited interaction with staff on check-in was pleasant and efficient. Room was of average cleanliness and with a very limited cable selection. The bed was comfortable and the room was quiet. Free newspaper in the morning was provided. Elevator was slow at times with large crowds waiting to get off and on. We parked at the stockton sutter garage- paid 26 dollars total for the weekend.	
Nov 7 2006 	Recommended	Me and my fiance changed to the Grand Hyatt from Westin St Francis after our horrible experience there last Sept. We stayed at the Grand Club Floor guest room which was very clean, nice and well equipped. The view was also impacable (see picture). The Grand Club lounge was very comfortable and useful to us. Though the check in process was a little slow, the front office staff (Reception, Bell, Doorman) were all very friendly and helpful. I was also surprised to see that there were luggage lying around the lobby unattended (see picture). My relative's handbag was stolen at the lobby of St Francis during the same trip so I didn't think SF is a particularly safe place to be leaving luggage around like that. The location of Grand Hyatt was also VERY convenient, just right next to the Union Square. In conclusion, for all those who are used to the 5* international hotel chain standard (esp for business travellers), Grand Hyatt SF is up to par. The location is superb and quality of the room &amp; service are worth the money paying for.	
Nov 6 2006	Not worthy of "Grand"	I had two rooms because the first one reeked of cig smoke so bad I couldn't sleep. I was embarassed to call for a room change late at night but the smell was soooooooooo terrible. Front desk was speedy with my move request so I have nothing negative about the service. Everything in the old room and the new room was dark brown - felt like I was in cave. I craved sunshine and fresh air and was suprised that the days in SF provided both during my stay. Excellent location makes up for the cave rooms. I would stay here again IF I had to. Really don't like rooms where windows can't open even a little bit.	
Nov 2 2006 	Great base for exploring the city	San Francisco was the first stop on our West Coast tour and the Grand Hyatt proved to be a great choice for us. We had a room high up with fantastic views to the South and over-looking Union Square (we also arrived at the end of Fleet Week so had a great air display as we got settled in). The Hyatt beds were really comfy, the rooms were clean, the concierge was helpful and knowledgeable, and the location was ideal - pretty much all we needed. We never really eat at hotels and we actually found the walk through Chinatown and into the Italian area of North Beach (around Columbus Ave area) pretty simple. We ate at a decent place in Chinatown and also a couple of nice places in North Beach and also ate right near the hotel at Morton's steak house which was excellent.The hotel is also well located for the cable car which runs up the hill (Powell St) from Market St and if you jump on here you avoid the queues at the bottom. This takes you up to the top of Lombard St (crooked) and all the way to Fisherman's Wharf.By the way - hire bikes and cycle along coast and over the bridge to Sausalito (well worth it - you can always get ferry back).	
Nov 1 2006 	Great location for a get away!!	Location, location, location. This Hotel is in the heart of everything a couple needs for their shopping and tourist attraction get away! We stayed 4 days and found the room to be clean and our bed awesome. The concierge staff were helpful and great with all their suggestions, giving us some great San Francisco restaurants, the ones that the locals' use!For a big city with noise and action, the Grand is great and is what is to be expected. Close to all types of great shopping and tourist attractions, the bonus is you can walk to alot of these locations, and or use cable cars and other public transportation which is clean and easy to use. After a long day and night out coming back to a great bed in your room is the bonus! We will definitely stay in this location again!!Great little Japanese Restaurant 2 blocks away on Mason called Akiko! Great food and cheap! Great little Italian Rome style restaurant used by the locals in North Beach called &quot;Ideale&quot; absolutely fabulous! Recommended by the hotel Concierge!	
Oct 30 2006 	Great Hotel but Pricey (maybe too pricey)	The Grand Hyatt is a great hotel but maybe a little pricey. We stayed for two nights in October of 2006 and had a great time. The location was awesome and we enjoyed walking to Union Square and all the shops. The hotel was completely sold out but they seemed to be able to handle that number of people comfortably. Parking was out of control at $43 per night when other hotels in the area charge less than $30. Overall we had a great time and the staff was very nice to us on our special weekend away from home.	
Oct 19 2006	OK but wouldn't stay here again...	Positives: Shopping -- upscale department stores and designer boutiques on practically every block. And an all-night Walgreen's right up the street. Location -- close to many picturesque neighborhoods, including Nob Hill, Chinatown, North Beach, and even Fisherman's Wharf. View: great views from upper floors and the 36th floor hotel restaurant/bar facing the bay. Concierge: Excellent service from the concierge staff. Negatives: Rooms -- lobby areas are attractive, but the rooms are smallish, the furniture worn, and everything is in need of an upgrade. Beds -- we had to request a bedboard for our too-soft pilow-top mattress, and a blanket for underneath the bottom sheet to prevent the sheet from coming off the bed at night. Housekeeping -- rooms are not well maintained; carpets are old and stained; the bathtub sported a layer of ground-in black scum. Food: the hotel food was really pretty bad; nearby restaurants tended to be pricey and the food was only so-so.	
Oct 4 2006 	Location location location (but should maybe be a threestar)	Booked this hotel on priceline so got a good price. Had I paid full price I might have something to complain about but as it stands paying three star prices is about right for this hotel. The location couldn't be better and if you have no intention of hanging out in the room this is a great place to sleep...the bed, pillows and linens are very comfortable. The rooms themselves are a bit dinghy...moldy looking shower curtains, kind of dusty aroung the edges and the cleaning service is pretty minimal (is that febreze i smell?). Book on price line for under $125!!	
Sep 27 2006 	Great hotel in central location	Having read some discouraging reviews after booking this hotel we were pleasantly surprised. The room was excellent and view was stunning. Hotel staff were lovely and friendly plus there is a taxi queue just outside the hotel. It is central to the city and couldn't have wanted more. Much better than the Fisherman's Wharf area. Hotel bar on top floor has stunning views.Alcatraz is well worth a visit and the audio tour is excellent.Lori's Diners are great and Searle's is also good for breakfasts. Harris's steak restaurant is a lovely high class restaurant.	
Sep 19 2006 	nice but just ok	We thought this was a nice hotel but did not really offer anything. Parking is crazzy expensive, $50 a day, and they charge you for everything in the room! (coffee, tea, etc) Hotel was in a great location, we were able to walk to everything (fisherman's dwarf, lombard st, shopping, etc.) but there was a serious lack of restauants closeby. =( we thought there were other nicer places we could have stayed that were more friendly. this was more a corporate hotel. bed was comfy but did not have fitted sheets, so annoying!	
Sep 7 2006	Great Location shame about the parking	The main attraction for this hotel is its location in Union Square. It is a very convenient and safe location in the city for sightseeing.The rooms were clean and comfortable and staff very helpful.On the downside our room on the 3rd floor looked out onto the street and was quite noisy( Poor sealing on the glazed windows) and the overall impression is that the decor is a bit dated and tired, a refit is surely due.Car parking at $50.74 per day is outrageous! fortunately the Sutter/Stockton garage is conveniently located across the street. If i remember the daily rate is approx $32.	
Sep 4 2006 	Great service great location for tourist hotel needs renovation	The only reason I booked this hotel was becuase of the rate of $143 over labor day weekend. The hotel is located in the heart of the city, and has some real nice city views. The lobby, and the rooms need some renovation, the furniture is kinda worn and outdated, but it is clean. The hotel has the new Hyatt Grand Beds, has to be one of the best beds I've slept in. The fitness center is a decent size with new equipment. I thought the service was warm, and professional which I find rare at these large touristy hotels. In the end this is a large outdated tourist hotel in the heart of Union Square.	
Aug 29 2006 	Grand time at the Grand Hyatt	Stayed here for two nights in Aug 2006. Room was on the 23rd floor. Not much of a view, but it didn't matter to me. What did matter was the room was spotless, the staff were five-star friendly &amp; professional and the location was great! The bed was extremely comfortable and the room was quiet. Although there was a noisy ice maker located next to my room, I didn't hear it at all once I got in and closed the door. It was no problem having a great night's sleep. Bathroom was just fine - LOVED the citrus/lavendar products they provided. Location was perfect for shopping, restaurants, etc. Highly recommend Sears Restaurant a block or two over - an old classic with great food, especially breakfast.	
Aug 11 2006 	I am glad that I stayed here...	I got this hotel at 165 per nite thru corporate arrangement. I thought it was a good buy coz the location is so close to China Town, Union Square and Cable Tram to Fisherman Wharf.The parking of 43 per nite was a killer but again, u get your car anytime you want and as many times as you want, no question asked.I was assigned a smoking room even tho I clearly stated I wanted a non smoking room. I was told the hotel was full that day and hence the assignment.Readers beware - the type of room you ask for (King or 2 Double) is a confirmed deal at the point of reservation but smoking/non-smoking room is not.Then again, the reception gladly switched me to a non smoking room on the next day and guess what, they did all the shifting while we were out - seamlessly!The smoking room was not that clean coz I could see ashes lying around. The non smoking room was in good shape.The beds were heavenly after a long day out. The water pressure at the shower was great and so was the overall conditon of the room.	
Aug 8 2006 	Only Plus Is Location	The location is the only thing this Hyatt has going for it. It is centrally located and it's easy to get around the city from there. But as far as the ammenities........it definately is not a 4 star hotel. The rooms are small and old.....tile chipped, rugs in need of replacement, etc. They give you a 5 cent coffee maker in room, but can't chip in the 2 cents for the coffee. The TV in the bathroom shouldn't be a selling point. It is stuck on a pole on the vanity and has a 5 inch screen. It is VERY noisy on the street side and we were 19 floors up. The housekeeping staff did okay, except they opened the door and came in twice while we were in the room...not real happy about that. I would not stay here again, especially for the money.	
Jul 30 2006 	great location	This hotel has a fabulous location. It is within walking distance of all the Union Square shopping area and an easy walk to get on the cable cars. The room was in great shape, comfortable bed, good shower. However, I only stayed here with one other person and the room size was fine. But with more than two people, it could be a little cramped. We are AAA members, so we got a free breakfast every morning in the Grandviews restaurant. I thought this is one of the best breakfast buffets I have ever had. The eggs actually tasted normal, unlike other hotels. The views from the restaurant are awesome. FYI, the rooms may look like they have balconies, but they don't. The door only slides open about 4 inches and is for venitilation purposes only. Valet parking was expensive, I think it was $46 a day, but I hear that it is expensive at every hotel in SF. All in all, the hotel has a great location, friendly staff, and a comfortable room.	
Jul 23 2006 	We recomend the Hyatt	This Hyatt has some negatives, but the positives outweigh the negatives.On the downside: we checked in early and asked for an upgraded room with a view. The request was graciously handled by the front desk, but the “view” was of the huge concrete wall of the Embarcadero Center, the patio off the room was littered with cigarette butts, and one of the patio chairs had a broken seat. The upside: the request to change back to a normal room was handled nicely, and our new room, while looking out over Market Street, was excellent. This room looked to have been remodeled and it felt spacious. The air conditioning worked well (good to have as the temperature was 90 degrees during our visit).Two more negatives. The bathroom towels are not new and luxioruous. They seemed quite worn in fact. And the hotel itself seems just a bit dated. It is a big convention type of hotel and just the overall ambiance seems a bit umm, err, convention-y. Not that bad however.Everything else about this hotel is great. The staff is excellent. The location is a slam dunk. You can take BART from the airport, exit at the Embarcadero station and walk two blocks north to the hotel. Once there, the cable car line starts right outside the hotel, the Ferry Building is across the street- great place for lunch or to take the ferry over to Sausalito. Union square is about an easy eight block walk, or Chinatown is about four blocks away and Coit Tower is about ten blocks down the street. The Emarcadero Center has some shopping and a cineplex. You can jog dwon the embarcadero or walk up to the stadium to catch a game.Finally, the hotel has done the smartest thing I have seen to date. At the front desk they have set up a computer and a printer and you can do online check-in and print out your boarding passes. Someone is thinking!Overall, this hotel worked out really well for my daughter and I.	
Jul 23 2006	location location location!	My husband and I travel to San Francisco for business several times a year, and the Grand Hyatt on Union Square is our first choice, even though there are plenty of lovely boutique hotels all over the city. Rooms are very spacious and clean, if a bit homogenous (but that's to be expected at a larger hotel). So, they don't break any design barriers, but furnishings are attractive and up to date (and beds/pillows are comfy -- so important). I love having the sliding glass door with faux balcony, especially if you get a view of Union Square below. Mostly, it's being able to get that nice fresh air coming in and hearing the clang of the cable cars in the distance. The front desk staff is very accommodating, the concierge gave us some really good dining tips (as a former sf resident and closet food snob, I was prepared to not be impressed by her recommendations... and was very pleasantly surprised), and the doormen are always there to help. But mainly, we love the location! In the morning, skip starbucks and get your latte and yummy pastry at Rulli's, located on union square, just steps from the hotel. What a treat, and it's a fun place for a little glass of wine later in the day (especially if the sun is out). The shopping is superb, from Williams Sonoma around the corner, to Macys and Saks etc. etc. And, theaters and some great restaurants are all within walking distance. We always make a pilgrimage to Kuleto's for Italian food, and love that we can be there in five minutes or less from our hotel. If we can't get in anywhere (because we're always trying to make reservations too late), we'll jump on a cable car (1 block away) to Ghirardelli Square (make sure you get the right one; don't take the line to fisherman's wharf, and try to sit/stand on the right side for best views) and go to McCormick &amp; Schmick's. It is quite large (so always a good chance to get seated), has a good view from most tables, and can be counted on for fresh seafood. A touristy evening, but so much fun!Back to hotels, in contrast, one time we ended up at the Marriott because the Grand Hyatt was full, and we weren't nearly as happy. It was $60 more per night and the room was very bland. Add to that a huge, bustling, impersonal and (I thought) very garish lobby and nothing charming about the surrounding streets. Only good thing is if you're attending a show at Moscone convention ctr., it backs right up to it. A note on parking: we usually have our car with us, and parking at any hotel in the heart of SF is going to be expensive, so be prepared. At the Grand Hyatt, they're very quick to have our car ready when needed, and we've never had a problem with the valet service.	
Jul 11 2006	Great location nice room lots of noise!	My daughter and I stayed at the Grand Hyatt from 7/5 through 7/8 (Mom and daughter trip). The hotel has a wonderful location with the heart of Union Square around one corner, and Chinatown a short walk through a tunnel in the other direction. This was our first trip to San Francisco and the location seemed to be in a safe area, which was a main priority. Most of the staff was very friendly. We had breakfast one morning in the Grandview Restaurant. I thought the prices were quite high, $4.00 for a regular cup of coffee, making the Starbucks across the street look cheap (and refill was not offered), and $24.99 for the breakfast buffet. I had eggs Benedict ($16.00). The room was a little on the small side; however, it nice, clean, and had inviting comfortable beds (just as pictured on their web site). There was virtually no noise from the rooms on either side of us; however, the elevators sounded like someone was rolling large carts on the floor above us (we did quickly get used to the low rumbling). The problem I had was the street noise. We were on the 14th floor on the Stockton Street side and had loud street noise, and very loud construction noise, all night long on all three nights (yes, construction all night!)! I do not know how long the construction will last, or if it the sound is any better in other rooms (It might be a good question when checking in). On the last night, I found that it helped cut down on the street noise by pushing one of the chairs firmly against the center frame of the sliding glass doors. This tightened the seal and, although the construction noise was still pretty loud, the general street noise was less. The bathroom was fine. The only annoyance was that the water temperature in the shower was very difficult to regulate. It constantly went from hot to warm to cool.We are not used to public transportation, so I was a little intimidated by the MUNI buses at first. My daughter convinced me to just get on, and we felt comfortable with riding quite quickly. We basically tried to get on a bus that was headed the right direction, and just quickly asked the driver if he stopped near our intersection. We just paid the $1.50 cash each, and they automatically gave us a transfer ticket to get back on a bus within 90 minutes or so. We took the MUNI to the Warf, Golden Gate Park, and the Asian Art Museum (to avoid a few blocks of the Tenderloin).	
Jul 9 2006	fabulous location	The hotel room itself was average, just another slightly cramped Hyatt, but the location was fabulous!!!!!!! I had a view of Union Square from my window, and thus was able to enjoy all the offerings in the area. The Macy's has a restaurant outdoors, down the street. Lots of fresh flower vendors in the area and the front desk loaned me a vase. Internet access in the room was not free ($10/day) nor wi-fi, but wi-fi is available elsewhere for free in the hotel lobby, I believe. Still, the concierges gave our conference a great list of restaurants. One of my friends who lives in San Fran agreed whole-heartedly with many of the recommendations on the list. Chinatown was a very short walk from the hotel and a multitude of public transit lines was available within 1-4 blocks. It was very easy to get to and from the Ferry Market building, one of my favorite places to hang in San Fran. The concierge was great with recommending stuff and giving out maps and directions efficiently. The front desk was reasonable as well. The bellmen were so charming and attentive, they caught me off-guard. It is a huge hotel and the view from the hotel bar is spectacular. It is a great conference location!	
Jul 8 2006	Great Location - will return	Overall a very positive experience - stayed from 6/30 through 7/04. Room on the 20th floor with views of Union Square. Loved the fact that the sliding glass door - which was supposed to open only 4 inches for ventilation (per the sign on the door itself)- actually opened ALL the way! Which allowed me to enjoy the full seabreeze and sounds of SF... (of course this wouldn't be so cool if you had small kids in the room - which I didn't). Stayed solo in the room, so never felt cramped... bed very comfortable, plenty of pillows. Room was very clean and housecleaning did a fine job during my stay. Room was directly across from vending and ice machine, but very rarely heard it... only minor complaint would be the creaking noise that was persistent throughout the stay (apparently from the wind moving the building). Quickly got used to it, however, so never really bothered me. Never lost sleep over it but was a little wierd to hear at times. All employees I encountered were very friendly and courteous. Did not try the lounge or restauarnt as there are soooooo many dining opportunities nearby within a short walk. Muni subway just 3 blocks away, bus right outside of hotel. The location can not be beat. Would definately stay here again.	
Jul 5 2006	Smooth stay at the Hyatt	I stayed at the Hyatt for a 4 day shopping/sightseeing trip and had a lovely time. I was a bit apprehensive at first since the reviews for this hotel were sort of lukewarm. The photos on the Hyatt site looked great, but then what hotel would post bad photos? I found a great packaged deal on Priceline (hotel + airfare) so I thought I'd give this place a shot. I was not disappointed!First, the hotel's location is fantastic- right smack dab in Union Square surrounded by a ton of shops. It's true that the Hyatt generally harbors businessmen/women and isn't exactly geared towards families or romantic honeymooners (not that families or honeymooners couldn't stay here as well), but for tourists looking for a nice place to crash after a long day of sightseeing and shopping, it makes for an excellent choice. I did tons of shopping and it was very nice to be able to pop in to my room, drop stuff off so I didn't have to lug my bags around everywhere, and quickly be out again. Lots and LOTS of shops around (Macy's, Cole Haan, LV, Niketown, Levis, etc.) Transporation is a few blocks away (cable cars, muni, bart, etc.) and Chinatown is just a 5 minute walk.Second, the rooms were quite nice. Nothing jaw-dropping, but clean and well appointed. I requested a non-smoking room on the highest floor possible and the very nice lady at check-in gave me one on the 29th floor (there are 36 floors total, club level from 31-34 and restaurant on 36)! I was happy to see that the rooms were indeed like the photos on the Hyatt site and the view was very nice (see photos). Each room has a tiny balcony (which you are not supposed to go out onto for safety reasons) with a sliding glass door. Beds were tall and super comfortable with plenty of pillows and a nice fluffy duvet. Bathroom was average with good counter space for all your hair and face products, ladies. They were a bit skimpy on the amenities, but if you need something other than shampoo, conditioner, soap and body lotion, just ask housekeeping and they can provide you with what you need. Coffee machine (with complimentary coffee), hair dryer, makeup mirror and small television (which I suppose you can watch while sitting on the john!) also located in the bathroom. Water pressure was decent (a sticky point for me at many hotels).I've read some reports of noise and thin walls, but didn't really experience any problems. However, I DO travel with earplugs, which I highly recommend no matter where you're staying. The hotel is designed so that the central elevator bank is super close to all rooms, so while I could hear a bit of noise from the elevators, it wasn't exactly a ruckus and didn't disturb me in the least. I did find it a bit amusing that I could (faintly) hear the alarm go off in the room next door on my last morning, but that might have been because my neighbor turned it up super super loud. I hadn't heard a peep out of him the entire time up till that point.I can't recommend the restaurants as I didn't eat in any of them or try the room service. Why bother? It's all overpriced anyway, and for half the bill you can just walk a few blocks and find someplace else to eat that'll be much more affordable and enable you to experience San Francisco a bit more. There are also Walgreens, Rite Aids and 7 Elevens everywhere for midnight munchies and bottled water (who wants to pay $3 for a snickers in the minibar?!). Save your cash for other fun things.All in all I had a very pleasant stay and recommend the Hyatt if location was important (shopaholics!) and a good deal could be found. Don't pay rack rate...it's a nice hotel but not THAT nice. :)	
Jun 24 2006	Good 3 Star Hotel	If you are looking for a 3-star hotel in San Francisco, then this is the place for you. However, if you are looking for a 4-star hotel (as they seem to think they are) then the Hyatt is not for you.Small and thin towels, thin linens, small room, $43 per day for parking (yeah, its San Francisco), outdated bathroom, etc.The staff were all very friendly -- the one good point.We wont stay here again.	
May 24 2006 	Location Location Location	I had gone to SF a month before this trip and noticed the great location of the Grand Hyatt. Only one block shy of Union Square and the Powell Street cable cars, I planned on booking with the Grand Hyatt for this weekend trip. The staff was very friendly (especially the doormen) and cheery. Although the room was a good size and the bathroom well-stocked, there were a few gliches.First of all, when we arrived, apparently the clean-up staff forgot to check the mini bar, as there were two Chinese food takeout containers in the drawers (obviously left over from the previous guest)...also there was a very distinct odor in the room which was a mix of the Chinese food and very strong body odor. I went to the front desk to complain and ask to get some air freshner and was assured it would be taken care of...I'd love to say is was, but most of the smell was masked by me opening the windows and spritzing my own perfume around when I returned hours later.The final glitch was the noise. We were placed on the 8th floor as the trip needed to be as economical as possible. Until about 1am, I was kept awake by the loud whistles used by the doormen in order to hail cabs. I'm sure had I been higher up this would not have been a problem, but it was a little annoying.Besides that, the Grand Hyatt was great. The beds were very comfortable and the soaps and shower products provided were lovely. However, nothing tops the excellent location of this hotel. It is central to all great parts of the city. Just keep in mind that knowing the areas surrounding are important as only a few blocks away is the Tenderloin district which most travelers should avoid. Enjoy your travels!	
May 16 2006	A Nice Convenient Place to Stay	This is a great location in Union Square, not too far from Chinatown, North Beach, etc. We did a lot of walking to restaurants (most within 15 min.) and neighborhoods. We walked to Fisherman's Wharf in about 40 minutes even.The hotel is nice and clean, nothing extremely special, but very nice. I would consider staying here again.Be sure to visit the 36th floor for the amazing view of the city and bay...it's beautiful!The exercise room is very upscale too.	
Apr 28 2006	Nothing Special about Grand Hyatt S F	Great location, and friendly staff but that is where it ends everything about this place is average at best ! This hotel is not 4 star.	
Apr 20 2006	Mixed emotions	We stayed at the GH the last week in March 2006. This was a very pricey hotel, but given the location and the city, I imagine that's just the way it is. We found no real problems with the room: good size, nice king bed, (but pillows too fat) great view of the city. Pros: great location! 1 block from the shopping and many restaurants. Friendly porters and very nice concierge. Nice fitness equipment. Cons: Don't stay in any room that ends with &quot;07&quot;. We had 1107 which was at the very end of the hall...and I do mean the END. Walk down the hall, and walk smack dab into the our door...Doesn't sound so bad except that the room doors to the rooms on either side of us were right next to our door. If we had all been trying to get into our rooms, we would have had to draw numbers to see who got to go first! Needless to say, when people came in late and shut their doors, it was very loud. I see since we have returned home, that the website has changed. When we made our reservations, the website said there was a complimentary continental breakfast. Not so. There was a little place on the mezzanine that sold Starbucks coffee. So we went there on the first day. Paid 6.00 for 2 cups of coffee. Everyday after that, I went directly across the street to Starbucks and paid 6.51 for 2 cups of coffee and two breakfast rolls. The rest of the hotel was there too, I might add. There was no spa, no gift shop and the restaurant upstairs was extremely pricey as well, so we didn't eat there. There was a tee tiny coffee pot in the bathroom, but the coffee supplies were in the minibar..and there were no cups suitable for coffee anyway...just water glasses. Even the cheap hotels give travelers a continental breakfast and have complimentary coffee in the rooms. Also, I greatly appreciate the effort that many hotels are now making by asking travelers to use their towels more than one day. But for the price we paid for that room for 6 nights, I want my clean towels daily. Other GOOD things: Cable/Trolley cars only about a block away. Lots of shopping, even if it's just window shopping. Good restaurants.Lori's Diner: 1 block : 50's theme. We ate there twice. Great burgers and breakfast.Mel's Diner: not for sure on the location as our friend took us there the first night, But it had a &quot;Happy Day's&quot; type atmostphere and great burger/fries.Max's: 1 block: I had a huge BLT there...and BLT's are always good! They had a varied menu. You shouldn't have any trouble finding something tasty there.Ruth's Chris Steak House: Save your money if you want to eat there! Everything a la carte...but excellent! One of the best steaks I've ever eaten. Yum!	
Apr 17 2006	Good but not great	After much research we stayed at the Grand Hyatt for nine days, from April 6th. We picked this hotel based upon its location and because we had heard the Westin St. Francis (also in Union Square) was a bit run down.We booked a Regency club room.ROOM: We booked a room in the Regency club which are floors 32 and above. I requested a North facing room because these rooms have heavenly views of the San Francisco Bay, Alcatraz and Coit tower. We had booked three rooms, and no one received a North-facing room. On the second night we all obtained North facing rooms, however these were all on lower levels (i.e. floor 27 and lower). This wasn't a problem for us, as we still had Regency club access and were still high enough to have a lovely view. The rooms were average at best. Nothing that special, except that the beds were fantastic. Small TV in bathroom was a nice perk.REGENCY CLUB: If you have the extra $$$, by all means upgrade to the Regency club. There is breakfast every morning (i.e. croissants, bagels, cereal, TONS of fresh fruit, cheese, ham, juice, coffee etc) and a cocktail hour from 4-7 pm which includes hot appetizers, dips, sodas (wine/spirits $4.00/each). But the real reason to join the regency club is: the view fantastic overlooking Coit Tower, the Bay. Who wouldn't want to wake up to this every morning?! The Regency club is on the 32nd floor.LOCATION: You cannot beat the location of this hotel. This is reason enough to stay here.GYM: Not bad, but small. Three treadmills makes for a bit of a squeeze in the a.m. for a run.GRANDVIEWS RESTAURANT: Located on the the top floor (36) this restaurant had good food and great service. The views were excellent, similar to Regency club views except they also have views facing the West. Open for breakfast too.Skip the rest as it does not pertain to the Hotel per se:RESTAURANTS:Gary Danko: Booked two months in advance to get a table for four. Service was great but food wasn't as spectacular as one would expect. Postrio: Wolfgang Puck's restuarant. Fantastic food. Try to get there if you can.Alioto's: On Fisherman's wharf. Request a table with a view of the bay. Seafood is excellent despite that the place looks like a bit of a tourist trap.The Slanted Door: Please, if you love Vietnamese foods, please go here! The Imperial Rolls were amazing. Located in the Ferry Building. Nice views of the Bay Bridge. Very crowded, very noisy. Horizon's: (Saulsalito) lovely views of the Bay, great food. Please email me with questions.	
Mar 20 2006	Excellent location good service nice room	I stayed overnight with my young son. I asked for a room with a view and got one on the 25th floor. We had a very nice view of the financial district and parts of the bay. The room was not huge, but fine for our purposes. The bathroom was good, but not posh. Everything was very clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. It was a little stuffy, however. The location could not be better. It's 1 block from Union Square with all of its shopping and area restaurants. The Powell St. cable car is just one block away as are the gates to Chinatown. If you bring a car, you can park overnight in the Stockton/Sutter parking garage which is just across the street. The overnight rate there is $21, as opposed to the hotel valet for $41. When I made the reservation via phone, I asked if they would match the Orbitz rate, which they did. I would recommend this hotel to others.	
Mar 8 2006 	Great position and hotel!!	We stayed at this hotel for a week in late February. We chose the Regency club, which meant we were on a higher floor and breakfast was included. Great hotel and staff. Rooms are very comfortable, view wonderful! Would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 16 2006 	Perfect Stay	I enjoyed this very comfortable hotel. Stayed 3 nights in January 2006. Wonderful bed, wonderful view, friendly and professional staff. You can't beat the location and at any price it's a deal. I travel a lot and this was a perfect experience. Hope to stay again in April.	
Jan 26 2006	great view great room hard to get to	My wife and I booked a night for a Holiday getaway. We have no complaints about the room. Our room was clean, comfortable, and afforded us a fantastic view of the bay. Parking cost is steep, but standard for the area - $40. I felt the website could've offered better directions to the hotel. The Union Square is difficult to navigate with all the one-way roads - even for those of us who have been to SF several times. The valet service was excellent. I would consider staying again but not during the holiday season.	
Jan 2 2006	The Not-so-Grand Hyatt	The upsides of the hotel are its location (but then again there are many others in the area) and the helpful concierge.Now, the downsides...The building CREAKS! We were there from Dec 26-29, 2005 and needless to say, we left the hotel, sleep-deprived. The hotel actually has cards to inform guests of the creaking noise due to high-wind periods at the front desk but it's a little too late once you've checked in! Perhaps, they should post it on their web-site.When we complained, we were told that the building makes noises because it moves when there are high winds. And the building moves because of the erathquake-proof foundation? Eh? We work and live in earthquake and typhoon-prone Tokyo in high rise buildings and no, our buildings do not creak in windy weather.The rooms we stayed in were tired looking and shabby, the sheet had a hole in it and the towels in the bathroom were old.The housekeeping service is inefficient as there were always used cups and plates lying around the hallway. Yikes!We are used to the &quot;grand&quot; Hyatt quality here in Tokyo and were very disappointed by the lack of quality in San Francisco. This particular hotel needs to be stripped off its 4 star rating.We would certainly return to San Francisco but most definitely not to the Grand Hyatt.	
Dec 15 2005 	Security Concerns at the Grand Hyatt	Well I should start by saying that the room was nice, the bathroom spacious and the location superb. It's right in the middle of some great shopping! Overall we enjoyed our stay with a few little hiccups along the way.The minor issues: 1. The hair dryer in the room was fried and we called the front desk to get a replacement. It never came. We had to call a second time before we got a replacement. The good thing is that at least on the second call we got a response within 15 minutes.2. We cancelled a wake-up call but they called anyway - twice. My husband was there on a conference and I chose to sleep late one morning but the wake-up call he cancelled came anyway and woke me up at 4:30am.The major issue:My husband was in the room taking a break from his conference and I was in the shower. We had the privacy sign out on the door and the privacy lock engaged. The mini-bar attendant (a man) took the sign off the door and wedged it on the wall behind our room number. He knocked briefly and then tried to come right on in. The lock prevented the door from opening more than 4 inches. Initially I was upset because if the privacy sign is out it generally means you don't want to be disturbed. The second reason I was upset was that if my husband wasn't in the room at the time and I had forgotten to engage the privacy lock, ... fill in the blanks. Since the shower is right next to the hotel door you can clearly hear it outside in the hall. My only assumption is that either the employee was trying to walk in on something or he simply disregards people's privacy.In my opinion I think this is a serious security concern. When we discussed it with a member of management, she seemed concerned and said she'd speak to the staff and security about the incident.What's interesting is that between the first phone call to the manager and the time I left the room an hour later, it happened a second time. I happened to be at the door about to go out and saw him through the peep hole. He removed the privacy sign from the door and wedged it on the wall again and then knocked. At least this time he didn't try to enter our room.Just be aware of this when thinking of booking your room there. The main lesson to learn is to always put the privacy sign out and to engage the privacy lock when you don't want anyone barging in. This could have happened at any hotel room in the world so take this lesson with you anywhere you choose to stay.Now for the fun stuff:Grand Views lounge on the 36th floor is worth the view but you'll get sticker shock when ordering any drinks. A plain martini is $12 and it had too much vermouth in it. I couldn't finish it because it was horrible but you won't go wrong with wine or beer. This is a great place to go for a quick cup of coffee to enjoy the view but there are better places to get a drink.Perry's Downtown:This place makes a great burger and is a good place to go for drinks or a good burger and a beer. It's about 2 1/2 blocks away from the Hyatt. It's a good lunch place and a good casual dinner place and is reasonable on the wallet.Steps of Rome Trattoria:North BeachThis is the best Italian food!! I had the Gnocchi alla Serentia and it was fantastic! The place doesn't look like much but the people are friendly and the food is wonderful!Pizza Chicago:Ghiradelli SquareGreat pizza joint in a casual atmosphere. Reasonable and worth every penny!La Suite:On Brannan near the Bay BridgeAmazing french food!!! It's in a higher price range but the food is awesome! The bar is trendy, the drinks very generous and the staff is friendly.Hawthorn Lane:I'm not sure where it's located but the food and atmosphere were amazing. This is among the highest priced restaurants in the city but if you love good food and excellent service this is the place for you. I had the lobster - mmm mmm!Alcatraz evening tour:Ok, so I'm not into cheezy tourist stuff but I enjoyed this tour. If for nothing else, go for the views of the city. It's a neat piece of history to check out and has incredible views of the city, the Golden Gate, Angel Island and the Bay Bridge. Bring the tripod though, and turn off the flash if you're using a small tourist digital camera for a great shot.Getting around:We only used taxi services to get to and from SFO and to go out to nicer restaurants. The rest of the time we relied on Muni buses and Cable Cars. Make sure you get a good map of the routes and stops first and you'll be prepared to get anywhere. You'll find more tourists on the cable cars and locals on the buses. You'll also find that peak times (especially weekends) will mean full cable cars and longer waits to get on.Presidio and the Golden Gate:You can either drive or take the bus to the Presidio up to the Golden Gate. There are several photo spots to get some great photos so explore further than just the initial upper level and you'll find some really pretty areas.Palace of Fine Arts:The rotunda is really pretty as was the area surrounding it. The marina district was cool but we didn't explore that much. Next trip maybe.	
Nov 28 2005	What an awesome experience!	Booked this hotel for a mini-getaway for the family on Thanksgiving weekend in San Francisco. It was absolutely beautiful. Of course the city of SF is beautful. But I tell you, when we walked into our standard room we were delighted to see that it was far from standard! It was modern with updated furnishings, a beautiful interior, and boy was our view grand! We had a perfect view of the Christmas Tree in the center of Union Square (the tree lighting ceremony was viewed from our room), plus we could see Macy's, The Cheesecake Factory, and Neiman Marcus. It was amazing. When I woke up in the morning, I just walked across the street and beat the crowds to the all-popular After Thanksgiving Day Sales at Macy's and Loehmans down the street. It's a shoppers heaven, an artists dream, and a luxury spot all in one. The kids and husband loved it too! We got a good deal on the hotel, but be prepared for expensive valet parking.	
Nov 8 2005	Excellent location and concierge staff	I spent a week here in September and was extremely pleased.The incomparable Union Square location--walking distance to almost everything, gives the impression the city was laid out around the hotel instead of the other way around. The comfy, king-sized bed,coffeemaker, plentiful bathroom amenities and decent views-- although only staying on the 11th floor-- were a nice added touch.The restaurant and shopping recommendations from the concierge staff were dead on accurate(they mentioned several top-notch but sensibly priced Asian restaurants) and much appreciated. Highly recommended as long as you don't have a car(the parking was about $45 a day!)	
Oct 12 2005 	Very Pleasant Stay!	Just spent one night at the Grand Hyatt and was very happy with the experience! Haven't stayed here for a number of years and the hotel has been renovated since then.My room on the 26th floor had an incredible east facing view (skyline in the middle, water views to the right and the left), the bed was comfortable with nice pillows and linens, room was clean and plenty large. Nice bath products, but so so towels. Great shower, lots of water pressure and very clean. Love the little tiny TV in the bathroom :)Also, the iron worked really well (sounds stupid but it is amazing how often they don't work properly) and I always enjoy the option of the complimentary coffee in the room.Staff were very pleasant and easy to deal with.Don't miss the lounge on the 36th floor, great place to have cocktails and look at the views.I will definitely stay here on my next trip (which will be very soon).	
Sep 26 2005	Great location	Stayed here for two nights in mid September. Hotel is well located to all the shops and Chinatown. Cab fare to Fisherman's wharf is about $10 otherwise jump on one of the very crowded cable cars. Rooms are small but this city is so great, so dont waste your time sitting inside for too long.Would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 25 2005	Great deal great location	A friend and I were in town overnight to see a play. We got a great room deal online, and the room was spacious and clean with 22nd floor views of Coit Tower. Comfortable beds and pillows. TV in the bathroom was a fun touch, however it did not get all the cable channels that the big TV did. We ate dinner at the top floor Grandviews restaurant, which was delicious. We received coupons for a free meal (at Grandviews) and for 11% off at Macy's Dept Store. The location can't be beat, walking distance to Union Square and Market Street shops, Chinatown, and Financial District. Long wait for car, though, about 20 minutes, so plan ahead if you need to leave at a specific time.	
Aug 27 2005	Really nice great location	Fairly typical Hyatt, located near Union Square with all of its great shopping, access to cable cars, Chinatown, etc. Small rooms at the Hyatt, but very efficient front lobby staff (valet parking and bell boys are slow and surly--they like the business types best and it shows).	
Aug 23 2005	Very Nice Hotel in a Terrific Location	A very nice and centrally located hotel. Very good service. Rooms are averaged sized Hyatt and nicely decorated, but all dark woods. Rooms facing directly north have a fantastic view of the bay, Alcatraz, Coit Tower and Fisherman's Wharf. The Regency Club is excellent with an outstanding view. Meals in the Grandviews Restaurant are also outstanding and not outrageously priced. One poster mentioned street noise. The sliding glass windows in some rooms need repairing. We have stayed at this hotel at least 20 times and on several occasions we have landed up with a room where the window does not keep out the noise. Check as soon as you are in the room and ask for a different room if there is significant noise.	
Aug 15 2005	Not fabulous but would return given value	My husband and I stayed at the Grand Hyatt San Francisco for four nights. We arrived right at check-in time, but there was no line so we were into our room quickly. The room was visually nearly as expected overall, but there were some issues. The major problem was the level of comfort for the king bed. It ran a close second in terms of discomfort only to our stay in London two years ago where the bed was beyond uncomfortable. We figured we would attempt a night and see how it went, but we were up many times throughout the night due to the discomfort. We had a tour early the next morning, but upon arriving asked for another room due to the bed. One of the desk staff asked which floor we were on and when we told her the 9th, she said that the beds on (at least) that floor had not been updated, but other floors had been. They had no rooms available for that night, but agreed to move us for the remaining two nights. Once in the new room, the bed wasn’t nearly as good as the ones when we have stayed at Hyatt Regency Huntington Beach or Hyatt Regency Scottsdale, but was better than what we started in at this hotel. The hotel rooms do seem in need of some minor remodeling as it is showing its age. For example, the bath tub in both room had some mildew. Also, regarding cleanliness, the first room did not have washcloths and had hair on the bathroom floor.The location of the hotel was as good as expected given our level of prior research. The nearest cable stop is very near and all the tours pick-up at this hotel. We did order room service and although very expensive by most standards, it was very tasty. Just a word of caution – I would not generally recommend walking around at night in the area due to the number of panhandlers. Overall, I would recommend the hotel due to the value and location.	
Aug 10 2005	Great location an even greater view!	This was my 1st time to stay in San Francisco and it was truely a pleasure.Got to the Hyatt on Friday night,easy, speedy and friendly check-in. Got up to our room on the 24th fl. and yes,the room is kinda' small but comfortable,clean and what a view! The thing is,in this town,there is so much to do and see...get out of your room and enjoy it all!! We did order room service twicw and it was a bit expensive but the folks we dealt with were very pleasant,orderly and professional...oh yeah,the food was great!The hotel is in a great location,restaurants,shopping,bars,dancing,buss and trolly lines,close to Chinatown,stores and shopping of all kinds,Union Square always has locals who are setting up small kiosks and selling their wears. How sweet is it that if you walk,you can go through neighboorhoods and enjoy each of their cultures and FOOD!! We stayed 3 days and were on the go all time,some places we went back to enjoy twice. Just enjoy all there is,it's a great town,folks were very friendly. We will go back to this hotel and this town.	
Aug 9 2005	Location Can't Be Beat	We would recommend this hotel notwithstanding a few glitches in our stay. We stayed at the Grand Hyatt 3 nights in early July. Knowing this is high tourist season in SF, we were surprised we were able to book our reservation the night before our arrival. The location can't be beat; you are within walking distance of Chinatown, MOMA and some of the best shopping in the area. We were somewhat inconvenienced by loud road repair on the street adjacent to the hotel, but the hotel had no control over this and the noise was barely discernible in our upper floor room.Would recommend upgrading to an upper floor room with a view of Coit Tower. The view of SF was breathtaking from that vantage point. The room was also slightly larger than those on the lower floors.We had a few problems with the service at the hotel including the extra pillows and blanket that never arrived despite repeated requests and a misunderstanding over the restaurant coupons we received with our upgrade (coupons were applied differently that stated). Nonetheless, after talking with management, the problem was quickly taken care of. Would definately return again to this hotel.	
Jul 13 2005	Fantastic hotel near Union Square	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt San Francisco July 8-10. I got a room on Priceline a few days before I left for a fantastic price of $80 per night!!!! For a four star hotel you can't beat that price. It was steps from Union Square, a five minute walk from the Powell Bart station. I took the Bart from the San Fran Airport--about a 30 minute ride and only $4.95. The hotel is close to Chinatown, North Beach, Japantown, public transportation. On Union Square there is a half price ticket booth for the theater. Les Miz was playing only a block from the hotel. You MUST go to the Ferry Building on Satuday morning if you can. They have a great Farmer's Market from 8-2 (get there as close to 8am as possible since it gets rather crowded). A number of stalls serve hot breakfast behind the Ferry Building and there is live music. What a great way to spend the morning...you are right on the water, great people watching too. People buy organic produce, breads, meats, fruits from their favorite farms. They bring their shopping carts, baskets and tote bags. I bought a pint of strawberries and a pastry and sat on a bench to watch the scene. The weather was perfect. Inside the Ferry Building there are some excellent places to eat too---Mijita, Delica, Ciao Bella. The food all over San Fran is fantastic. Besides Chinatown I went to Japantown--you really feel like you're in Japan. There are many places to eat, shopping malls where everyone speaks Japanese. That is the place to go for sushi and other dishes....So the hotel was very clean and nicely decorated. I had a king size bed. Toiletries were provided. My only complaints were that the water pressure in my shower was a little weak and the bed a tad bit too hard. Other than that, the service was great. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 13 2005	Enjoyed the Grand Hyatt	My husband and I booked our packaged airfare and five night stay at the Grand Hyatt through Travelocity. After much research online, we chose this four star hotel for location and outstanding value. We were very pleased overall. We had a beautiful room with a view, excellent service, and great location to Union Square, China Town and to the cable cars. The hotel staff was warm and friendly. The concierge, Annie, was very helpful in making arrangements for various trips to the wine country, Monterey/Carmel, and other places of interest. We were extremely happy with all of the tour groups that she suggested. The only area of dissappointment was in the hotel food. The bar and restaurant have wonderful views of the city, but our food in the dining room was not enjoyable. The tough, gristly steak and the &quot;shrimp&quot; (tiny, bay shrimp) and bay scallop (tiny and gritty) pasta were some of the worst food we have ever had. We realized that most hotels aren't known for wonderful food, but we were hoping for much better. All in all, I would definitely recommend the Hyatt Grand.	
Jun 25 2005	Amazing View and Terrific Staff	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt San Francisco after leaving an unacceptable &quot;landmark&quot; Union Square hotel one night into our trip. The Grand Hyatt desk staff was incredibly accomodating to find a room for the balance of our vacation. We stayed on the 29th floor overlooking the city and the bay. The bellman told us the room was very recently updated. The linens and pillow-top mattress were very nice! Everything was very clean and the view was just incredible. All the staff we met were very friendly and helpful: doorman, front desk, bell services and concierge. The location of this hotel is very convenient to Union Square, China Town, shopping and theaters. As with any of the hotels in this area, you should request an upper level room, at a slight cost premium, if you want a better view and less street noise.	
Jun 22 2005	Lovely Hotel	Altough this hotel extrudes a business/formal impression it is extremely luxurious and well managed for a 4* hotel. My partner and I stayed in one of the club level rooms, the rooms themselves were well equipt, clean and very comfy! The bathroom was quite small but served it's purpose non the less. With the addition to the club level room, all day drinks and light meals were served which were a pleasure. Some of the views from the hotel are wonderful but make sure you ask for a 'good view'!I would defineately recommend this hotel as it is well within everyone's budget.	
Jun 5 2005	Not so grand	As a Hyatt Gold Passport Diamond member and having stayed at many Hyatts around the world I was surprised to see this hotel classified as a Grand Hyatt. The room is worse than many Hyatt Regencys elsewhere in the world. Example, the blanket is a thin polyester military style blanket. In this day and age when almost every nice hotel has upgraded to duvets and down comforters (even some Four Points by Sheraton!), I find this truly disappointing.The room is small, not well cleaned, and in need of an update. Bathroom is small with no separate shower and a very small tubThe service is also quite lacking to be qualified as a Grand Hyatt. It took housekeeping 30 mintes to bring me a laundry bag.The best part about this hotel is its location, right by Union square, close to shopping and BART. Of course this means with the poorly insulated windows I could hear every car and police sirens even on the 33rd floor.Try the Park Hyatt if you don't have to walk to Union Square shops. It is a much better hotel.	
May 19 2005	The service was excellent and view spectacular.	We booked the Grand Hyatt for our first trip to San Francisco because of the closeness to Union Square and the Regency service. The hotel service was the best I have had and the views from the Regency level and restaurant were out of this world. The staff at the hotel were helpful and courteous. The Regency service was strictly a continental breakfast; however, there was plenty and the coffee was great. I would highly recommend the hotel. It is close to the cable car hub and easy to catch a taxi to the location of choice. The hotel was very clean and the linen quality was wonderful. The views from our 33rd floor room were magnificient and we could see Fisherman's Wharf, Alcatrez, Coit Tower and China Town. You won't go wrong here. There is a very safe atmosphere.	
May 18 2005	Location and value are primary attraction	Stayed here about five years ago, and recently returned. Things at this property just haven't changed, like it is in a early 90's time warp. Decor is dated and threadbare, but you can't beat the location and the potential of getting a very reasonable rate on the online bidding sites. Front desk was pleasant, but didn't offer upgrade possibility. Given fifth floor room overlooking garage. Room was clean, bed was firm, linens/towels were standard, certainly not luxurious. Bathroom contains odd little TV. Location on Union Square is super-convenient. Didn't try hotel food, with many great dining options in walking distance.	
May 2 2005	Great Location and Price but Queasy Room	The location was fantastic. Right in Union Square. So lots of great shopping and within a block from the starting point of the famous trolley. The lobby was clean and classy and the valet and check-in staff were professional and efficient. Breakfast was included in our deal and the service was good. We had the buffet breakfast which was a decent spread - hot and delicious.All that said, here comes the negative part. The rooms were disgusting. We had a non smoking room at the end of the hall, next to the chambermaid's supply room. Luckily we couldn't hear anything. But the dreadful part of this hotel was the condition of the room. The bathroom was small and the tub was shallow and old. It was quite dark while I showered because there wasn't a separate light above the tub. The carpet was old and not in the cleanest condition. My son dropped a toy behind the bedside table and I had to reach in to get it. There were compacts and lipsticks and some other stuff back there. It looked like someone hadn't vacuumed or dusted the room in decades. Filthy!The bed was too soft and I woke with a backache. The pillows were lumpy and icky. The sheets were clean but the bedspread and blankets was disgustingly dirty and old. And to think that the bedspread was in direct contact with the pillows.The price was great for a 5 star hotel and location. The only thing that will hold me back from staying again is the condition of the room.	
Apr 20 2005	Not all that!	This is supposed to be a 4 star hotel...please. I couldn't tell if i was sleeping on the floor or if it was my bed. The pillows were like a sack of potatoes. No offense but the room smelled like my grandma's house. Stinky! We stayed at the Omni Hotel for $60 less a night and it was a completely awesome stay. You would think that the GRAND Hyatt would be able to compete with a lesser star hotel. Not even close. The check in staff i will say was very pleasant and accomadated us with a early check in which was nice. Overall i would have to say two thumbs down for our stay at this hotel. View from the 36th floor is what keeps this place on the charts.	
Apr 5 2005	Unbelievable deal on Hotwire	Reading through some of these reviews proves that you really can't please everyone, especially Hotwire users! We got a rate of $77 per night for this hotel through Hotwire (on which it was categorized as a 4-star hotel located in Union Square East), and it was a complete steal at this price, which was less than half of the rack rate. We had a very clean, comfortable, and spacious room with a king-sized bed, and a great view of Union Square. For those complaining about valet parking rates, I'm not sure what else they expected bringing a car to downtown San Francisco, where parking is naturally at a premium. If your trip will be confined to touring within the city, no car is necessary from this location as it is ideally located near all forms of public transportation. (If you want to spend any time in wine country, just rent a car for the day(s) you will be there, which is what we did.) Also, very few hotels have free high-speed internet; the $10 per 24-hours charge at the Grand Hyatt is certainly not higher than the going rate. People who are surprised by that must not travel much. Bottom line: I would have been satisfied with this hotel even at the rack rate, but at the Hotwire deal, it was fantastic. It's a terrific base for sightseeing and shopping.	
Apr 4 2005	Grand Hyatt san Francisco is great	I just returned from San Francisco on Friday April 1,2005. My stay at the Grand Hyatt was fantastic. It is located in the best spot,walking distance to the shopping district,places to eat. We Could not have picked a better place to stay. The rooms are great,nice and clean view was fantastic,I was on the 20th floor corner room. The hotel staff was very polite always anxious to serve us. I loved San Francisco,I am planning to go back,and will definitely be staying at the Grand Hyatt. I am going to tell my friends who plan a trip to the city to stay at the Grand Hyatt.	
Mar 30 2005	Great hotel	Great hotel! Stayed there this month and had a very good experience. This hotel had a friendly and helpful staff, good concierges, great views from the restaurant at the top and an excellent location near Union Square, just a block or three from the cable cars, BART and Muni trains and the streetcars on Market.	
Mar 10 2005	Grand Location!!!	The parking is a bit expensive at $41 for valet parking, but I guess that's what you get when you travel to a big city. The hotel is in a great location with plenty of transportation options, so a car is not really necessary and I would not rent one on my next visit to San Francisco. Grandviews Lounge is a great place to have your first cocktail of the night offering great views of the entire city. This hotels concierge staff has got to be the best in the city, they arranged a wonderful day trip for us to the Wine Country that we absolutely loved.	
Feb 14 2005 	The location is great and the hotel is OK	The location of this hotel is everything. Virtually on Union Square in the middle of some of the finest high-end shopping in the world, and within easy walking distance to Chinatown, it is in a terrific spot. The people working there were nice enough, and the place reasonably clean. The shower curtain in my bathroom was a bit mildewy, but I expect that they would have changed it immediately if I had called housekeeping. I don't know about how the price compares to other similar hotels in the neighborhood, but it is probably in line. I was there for a couple nights for a conference, and the beds were comfortable and the room was not too noisy on the 9th floor. Someone on the 5th floor said that he heard the traffic at night. I wouldn't mind staying there again myself if someone else were paying for it, but the smaller, more intimate, hotels within a few blocks are much less expensive for very nice accommodations. 	
Feb 12 2005	Another mixed review	With a nationally recognized name like Hyatt, I guess we expected more. We found it to be a very average place to stay. There was no sense of warmth - more like an impersonal lodging with hidden gimmicks to increase revenue. Hyatt charges $39.50 for customer parking over night, but other hotels checked and city/private garages are about $31. Each room has a small referigerator and snack tray with a warning: pick one up and it automatically registers on your bill. And a warning not to use the refrigerator for personal items, but to call housekeeping for that need. The room was nice, clean and no complaints as to comfort. The hotel is very conveniently located for shoppers, downtown walkers and gawkers, and the theater district. Much is in walking distance. It's not a 'bad' hotel, just not one that entices you back for another stay. For a revisit to SF we will try one of the smaller, lesser known hotels, yet hotels that also receive local high ratings for accomodations. 	
Jan 16 2005	Recommended- with reservation	We paid $75 for the room through Priceline for a one-night stay 1/14/05. Upon checking in, my request for a room on a high floor was met with an offer to give me a room on the 29th floor for an extra $20, which would then include 2 continental breakfasts (worth $20) at the Grandviews Restaurant on the top floor or the Mezzanine Cafe (no room service allowed). I gave in b/c we were staying there for the views but was a little upset they didn't have anything for my original room rate. The check in person told me that all floors above the 25th have unobstructed views.Our room overlooked the Coit tower and we could see a little bit of the ocean-breathtaking! Room itself was worn with mirrors in odd places, nice-sized closet and tiny bathroom. TV in bathroom and basic toiletries. You can connect to internet via modem for a charge, but my friend's laptop seemed to detect the wireless for free. Even though our room was next to the vending/ice machine, it was quiet and we got a good night's sleep.We had breakfast upstairs at the Grandviews Restaurant and found out that their continental breakfast is horrible- coffee, orange juice, and choice of 1 bread (bagel, toast, English muffin, danish)- that's it!!! We should've taken up our waiter's offer of using each breakfast certificate toward their buffet ($21) or other made-to-order dishes on the menu ($11 and up). He would've deducted $20 from our order if we didn't go with the continental. Views from the restaurant are amazing.In the end, the location can't be beat: we parked at the Sutter-Stockton garage across the street and paid $14 for parking between 6:30PM and 10:30AM. The staff was very nice and accomodating, and I would recommend the $20 upgrade if you plan to eat breakfast at the hotel- the cost of the food offsets the upgrade fee. In the future, I would ask if they have recently upgraded any rooms and request those, since I stayed at a renovated Hyatt in Denver and the room was of a much higher quality. The hotel's restaurants don't seem notable except for breakfast, and there isn't much else to do there, but hey, that's what Union Square is for.	
Dec 29 2004	Enjoyed our Stay	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt on Dec 26th for one night. The rooms were nice and clean. Average bathroom. The view from the lounge on the 36th floor was fantastic. We were offered a suite upgrade for $75, but we declined. We paid $99 on the Hyatt website. Biggest issue was the very hard mattresses and parking charges. There is a Starbucks across the street. I was suprised that there were no restaurants near the hotel. Location was close to Union Square.	
Dec 26 2004	Better Than Expected	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt for five days from December 15 to the 20th, 2004, when the Union Square area was done up beautifully for Christmas, and the holiday rush was at its peak. I was pleasantly surprised with both the rooms and service during our stay. The first night was a problem as a problem with a noisy elevator kept us awake, but the following morning the hotel staff quickly moved us to another room and the new room, with a view of Union Square on the 25th floor, was quiet and comfortable. A good sized bath, dressing area and comfortable beds made the hotel a very pleasant respite from the days sightseeing and shopping. Breakfast on the 36th floor restaurant, with terrific views of the city and good food started the day on a pleasant note. The only bad thing I could note would be the $40 a day charge for parking and the $10 daily charge for internet service. That said, it was extremely convenient to have the car quickly brought around anytime I wanted, and the internet service worked well. As I got an excellent room price on the web, the overall cost for the five day stay was reasonable. I would definitely stay at the Grand Hyatt again.	
Nov 30 2004	Nice Place To Stay Excellent Room Service	My wife and I had to stay in the city over Thanksgiving weekend, and Priceline got us an $80/night rate at the Grand Hyatt -- about half the rate at other travel websites. I was a little concerned, given the mediocre reviews over the last few months (cleanliness issues, etc.), but fortunately the hotel workers' strike ended earlier in the week.Although &quot;4-star hotel&quot; may lead some to expect a more luxurious room, ours on the 7th floor was spotless, and we enjoyed our stay.Pros: Excellent meals (although not inexpensive, with required 19% gratuity plus $3 delivery charge) -- perhaps the best room service we've ever had: the seafood Louie, smoked chicken primavera, berries with creme fraiche, and NY cheesecake were all wonderful. Location (a block away from Union Square and close to many nice restaurants and coffee shops). Rather large room (for SF, anyway) with the king-size bed. Relatively quiet. Small second cable TV/radio in the bathroom (!). Better cable TV service than most hotels (including CourtTV, Discovery History Channel, HBO, Starz). Nice quality toiletries.Cons: Bed was very hard, although it didn't aggravate my bad back. Parking is close by, but either very expensive (valet) or difficult to enter (Stockton &amp; Sutter garage must be entered from westbound Bush, but one-way streets and the no-turn intersections requires lining up the entry from 4 blocks away). Parking/traffic issues made worse by our arrival date (the day after Thanksgiving).In the future, we'll probably stay closer to Fort Mason, where my wife had to work over the weekend, but if you're looking for a big hotel near Union Square, a Priceline search of 4-star Union Square hotels may get you a room here.	
Nov 24 2004	Enjoyed the stay...	I stayed at the GH for 2 nights in September. Got the room through priceline for $75.00 per night. The staff was friendly and did their best to accomodate us in a quiet area of the hotel. We were on the 23 floor and did not find it noisy. You can hear the elevators somewhat but it didn't keep me awake and I am a light sleeper. The room was very clean, although, I didn't look under the bed. The bathroom was clean no mold or mildew. Linen and floors were clean. We had a nice view. The coffee was complimentary, and they even brought us more when we called them. Parking is pricey, but parking across the street is less costly, if you don't plan on driving in the city. I enjoyed the stay and will stay there again...	
Nov 15 2004	mixed review	We stayed at the Hyatt on November 13 2004. The check-in was quick and the staff friendly. We had a room on the 23rd floor. Nice view and it was great to be able to open the slider and get some fresh air. Of course with the door open we could hear the loud protests of the locked-out union workers. We parked at the garage across the street and didn't go in and out so &quot;only&quot; paid $24.00. We found an almond on the floor and my son found a bottle of juice under one bed and a small pile of crumbs under the corner of the other bed. The paint on the bathroom door was peeling and there was mildew in the shower. I was amazed that such a nice hotel would provide a coffee maker but charge for the actual coffee! The location was great and we had a discount but I will shop around for my next trip to San Francisco.	
Sep 9 2004	Great location for shopping but dirty and noisy.	Spent three nights at the GH during Labor Day Weekend. The location was perfect for shopping, but the rooms were very disappointing. The room my husband and I stayed in was dusty and dirty. There was hair on the bathroom floor, the toilet seat was sticky, and there were nasty stains on the mattress dust ruffles of our room and our kids' room. A member of housekeeping vacuumed the outside hallway every morning at 8:00 a.m., which I felt was more to awaken us rather than to vacuum up dirt. I admit I am very clean and notice every detail, but I consider this unacceptable for a 4-star hotel.	
Aug 25 2004	very average hotel for above average price	stayed here in mid august for 4 nights paid approx $150 plus tax for a 2 bed room(not worth it ).check in very good was up graded to a room with a view on the 30th floor and a free continental breakfast for $20.00 per night.view was excellent.right overlooking union sq.very windy and noisey at night as it was a we could hear police sirens all nightroom was tiredlocation of hotel was excellent but do not bring a car as its a fortune to park.the hotel was not up to the standard of 4 star it boasts and not worth the money we paid	
Aug 25 2004	Good views good for transit	Stayed here for about a week in August. Booked through Priceline, so the front desk didn't give us a very high floor, and put us in a ADA room (besides the grab bars in the tub, it wasn't so bad). We had a decent view of Union Square and a sliding door leading out to a hazardous balcony. Room was fine but could have used a little more warmth and furniture (the ADA rooms are a bit bigger and emptier). There is a lounge and restaurant on the top floor with great 360 views of the city. The hotel is very conveniently located, with good bus service and close to the Powell St. BART and MUNI stop. But the surrounding neighborhood isn't much fun at night and food is limited, although Chinatown is a 10 minute walk.	
Aug 25 2004	Not exactly a bargain	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt a few weeks ago, on the last leg of our 10 day vacation. I thought I had found a great bargain in an expensive city (I had a discount for $100 off a 2 night stay) and was prepared to give this hotel 4 stars. After reading other users' reviews, I've changed my opinion--I think I'm going to have to start using Priceline! Hearing that people stayed here for $75 a night makes me feel like I got ripped off since we paid just under $200 a night (without the discount). We figured for that price, the location, and the Hyatt name, it would be worth the price. Thinking back, the hotel was really nothing special. It was ok as far as decor, and the room wasn't THAT small. We were only on the 5th floor, so we had no view. Also, you could hear people talking in the hall and in adjacent rooms, which was annoying. I don't think the hotel has a pool (not that we found, anyway) which would be an amenity you would expect to find at most of the larger hotels. The parking fee was outrageous! The staff was friendly and helpful with directions and suggestions of where to eat. I really wish that we had stayed closer to Fisherman's Wharf, because that's where we ended up spending most of our time anyway. All in all, we had a pleasant stay, but now that I look back on it, I don't think we got our money's worth.	
Aug 24 2004 	great location for shopping	If you're coming to San Francisco to have fun shopping, you'll love Union Square. The hotel is right across the street from Starbucks and if you don't like the restaurant in the hotel (its pricey), there are plenty of places to eat nearby. There's a cafe about one block away that has a nice breakfast menu.The room was nice, unfortunately, to use the coffee pot in the room, there's a $2.50 fee! However, I did use the refrigerator in the room to keep water I bought at a nearby drugstore.The staff is helpful and friendly.	
Aug 22 2004	Average Hotel Great Location	Grand Hyatt proved to be a generally good experience for us. Stayed 08.18.04 through 08.21.04. Phenominal location, within minutes of several bus ruotes, the BART station, and Union Square. Generally quiet at night. Great views from our floor. Hotel staff, from valets to front desk, were helpful and polite. Especialy impressed with the concierges', who steered us to some great restaurants around downtown. Room was clean and comfortable but small for a four star hotel, and the decor was woefully dated (brown/blue carpet, pink walls, etc.) Bathroom was average in size and lacked amenities. Our sink gurgled up some grainy sand like substance one night. Called the front desk about it and engineering fixed it promptly.The hotel does have several deawbacks, however. First is the valet parking fees. $43.00 per night! having lived in San Francisco I know parking is at a premium but WOW! Our total bill for parking ($300 for the week) was roughly half what it cost to stay the six nights. Outrageous! Problem is there aren't many options nearby. There are two garages within a block of the hotel but their rates vary and you have limited in and out privilages. If it's at all possible, don't bring your car to this hotel. Take advantage of the excellent public transportation. Careful if you book here. Do not pay rack rate or anything near it. This is a very expensive hotel for what you get. Through Priceline we got a $75.00 a night rate and felt with the valet parking fees it was just barely worth the cost. They'll quote $209.00 to above $300.00 per night (plus parking) and this hotel is just not worth it. A few other things, your room will probably &quot;squeak&quot;, especially in the afternoons. When you check in you are given a small piece of paper with your room keys informing you that because of wind the building sways, resulting in squeaking walls. Believe it! It's particularly annoying in the afternoon. It sounds like you're on an old ship. Avoid Grandviews. The view is extraordinary but the food is blah (and very expensive for what you get) and the service is terrible. They have a nice bar next to the restaurant but the service is just as bad there. We waited 25 minutes for two black and tans and a dirty martini. Business center is sub-par. Staff was very nice and very accomodating but it has a total of one fax machine, one copier and two computers. You get ten minutes free but after that it's $30.00 per hour to use their facilities. Not worth it. There is a Kinko's a few blocks away. One last thing. Several hotels in the downtown area are subject to very loud protests on weekend nights. There is an ongoing labor dispute between the hotels and their service staff, resulting in orderly but noisy demostrations in the afternoons. The police and hotel staff handle themsleves and the situation well, but beware of protestors shoving fliers in your face as you come and go in the evenings. From the 14th floor they are very audible but usually they clear out after dark. Overall a clean, convienent, safe but noisy and expensive stay. If you don't need much from a hotel and you can get a good rate it will serve your needs (mostly on the backs of the very nice staff). If you're looking for a true, four star experience, keep looking.	
Aug 16 2004	Great location average hotel. Not four stars. $45 parking!!!!	My wife and I stayed here for two nights during a week-long trip up the CA coast. Got it for $100 per night through Priceline, which said it was four stars. Sorry, I've been in four-star hotels, and this isn't one of them. We heard parking is $45 (with tax) and decided to leave our car at friends in Berkeley and take the train in and out of the city. You might want to find a residential neighborhood in the city and leave your car there, and take a taxi to the hotel. The front desk was able to give us a room high in the hotel (it was a handicap-accessible room), so we had awesome views facing Union Square below and the bay in the distance. The location is great although, as someone else pointed out, it's a little challenging to find (it's not quite on Union Square). One incredibly annoying thing was that when our complimentary newspaper was delivered outside our hotel room each morning between 5 and 6 a.m., the person threw it down with a &quot;WHAP!&quot;, instead of placing it quietly on the ground -- thoroughly startling us and awakening us for the morning. Not good. Also, we could hear people from up and down the hallway, opening and closing doors, engaging in conversation -- don't expect peace and quiet. Overall, the hotel does the trick, if you get it for a good price. But don't expect it to capture the character of San Francisco. It's just a regular old Hyatt. Also, if you want a truly first-class San Francisco experience, consider using Hotwire to find a four-star hotel on Nob Hill. There are four hotels there, each one world-class, so even though you can't pick the hotel, you'll be assured of receiving a great place at an amazing price. We've stayed at the Mark Hopkins Intercontinental (chosen by Hotwire) a few times, and it's never been less than extraordinary. This time, however, Hotwire was too expensive in that part of the city. Email me with any questions!	
Aug 13 2004	Great location!	We stayed 5 nights at this hotel. We got a great rate through priceline. Because we had a reduced rate, we were OK with the extra charges... like $10 a day for internet access and expensive valet parking. Overall we found the staff to be friendly and the 2 occasions we used valet parking the car was waiting for us when we got to there. Like previous reviewers we found the system that automatically recorded purchases from the mini bar odd, and based on previous reviews we discarded our wine bottle out side of the hotel to avoid the 'corkage fee'. Our room was a bit small, but was comfortable for two people. Also the window to our balcony opened, and we were able to step outside onto it - which was a little scary even on the 10th floor. The view was great from our room, we could see from one side of the bay to the other. Our room was also quiet. The location was great, we were a block away from the cable car and major bus routes were near by. There is also plenty to do and see in the immediate vicinity. For breakfast we reccomend both of the cafe's within a block of the hotel, the croissants were great. (Sutter and Grant, and Sutter and Powell)	
Aug 3 2004	Decent stay	Our four day stay at the Hyatt served its purpose - a clean, well located place to stay. The concierge is fantastic - friendly, informative. We were in a room on the third floor our first night that was dissapointing - clean but old. The front desk was very accomodating to switch us to a better room for the next three nights.The thing that bugged me about this place is the minibar. I took a water out of the fridge, and planned to replace it with one purched for 70% less at Walgreens (call me cheap but I won't pay $5.00 for a water). A guy showed up at the door with the exact item I took from the fridge. Spooky! I saw that the fridge and snacks have a sensor for when a product is removed. What if you just pick it up?? In addition, if they find that you have consumed an &quot;outside&quot; bottle of wine or beer they charge you a $50 &quot;corkage fee&quot;. Do they go through your garbage? Is this weird or what?	
Aug 3 2004	Good Location 	Trip Advisor was very helpful.... we went with this hotel not because of TripA's review but because we got a really great price (with Priceline $75.00)...the bad part was the parking rate $w/tax was $49.00 a night! ,Still..was a great deal, close to Chinatown and beautiful views from the room...Lobby a bit boring, but the staff was friendly and offered great restaurant ideas....	
Aug 1 2004	A great hotel to stay at and explore the city.	We have just returned from a 5 day stay at The Grand Hyatt and it proved to be a great choice for our family to explore San Francisco on our first visit to the city.The family room was by far the largest we have stayed in (holiday has included staying in New York and Las Vegas as well) and was extremely light due to one wall being nearly all glass. The bathroom was clean and modern and had a very good shower. Check in was efficient and all the staff that we dealt with during our stay were polite and helpful. We found the staff on the Concierge Desk very knowledgeable and full of useful advice for visiting attractions and finding places to eat. They even managed to get us a last minute reservation at Kokkari, the famous Greek restaurant on Jackson Street.We bought MUNI city passes for the week and Stockton Street is conveniently situated on several major bus routes including the No. 30 for Fisherman's Wharf, Palace of Fine Arts and also Powell Street is only minutes away for the cable cars. Many attractions including SOMOMA, Steinhart Aquarium and Yerba Buena Gardens are in easy walking distance from the hotel.Union Square is a great place for shopping and guests of the Grand Hyatt get a 11% discount on purchases from Maceys. There are also a good selection of cafes and diners by the hotel if you don't want to use the hotel for breakfast. We used the Grand Views Restaurant on the 36th Floor for dinner one night and the food was very good. Worth going up just to take in the views across the city, including Alcatraz.If we get the opportunity to return to San Francisco, we would certainly consider using The Grand Hyatt again.Incidentally, people were arriving at the hotel and then disappointed that they were unable to get tickets for Alcatraz because they hadn't booked well ahead. We booked tickets on the internet in April to visit on the 28th July but amazingly people on our ferry said they got last minute tickets because some tickets are released every day at Pier 39 if you are prepared to queue at the start of the day.	
Jul 29 2004	Not For Everyone	What a disappointment! The room was average and clean, but not what we expected from stays at other Hyatts. The biggest disappoinment were all the extra charges and the staff. I know parking in S.F. is at a premium, but $39 plus tax for valet is a bit steep. The valet staff informed us we could park in the parking garage across the street for $28, but you had to pay everytime you left and returned. We decided to do this the first night, but found out the next morning it only cost $10 dollars. It does vary according to how long you are parked, but we never paid more than $18 for the day and left a couple of times. We found this to be misleading info from the valet staff. The only issue is that it can be a little confusing to get to, even though you can see it from the front of the hotel. Next, when we checked in, the woman at the check-in desk never said hello, welcome, or thank you! When we asked to be put on the highest floor available, she loudly announced that we had booked at a discounted rate and we couldn't go past the 12th floor. We weren't asking for the penthouse! This made us feel unwelcomed, because we didn't pay full price. As for room amenities, they do provide a coffee maker, but you have to pay for the generic coffee! I have stayed a several upscale hotels and never had to pay. Your best bet is to go to Starbucks across the street. This hotel maybe good for business travelers, because of the convenient location. However, if you are on a budget or prefer to spend your money on fun things ( like us!) you might want to stay elsewhere.	
Jul 29 2004	Average Corporate Hotel in Union Square	We stayed here in April 2004 and although it was a nice hotel, it was nothing special. It seemed like a good hotel for business traveler's, as there were many conventioners staying there at the same time we were. The room was clean but ordinary. We had some issues with the shower going from scalding to freezing and our tv had problems. I would avoid eating at the restaurant. The food was mediocre, although the view was astounding (there's a bar there too, worth getting a drink at to enjoy the panoramic views of San Francisco). Parking was pricey and when we'd call to have the car waiting for us, we'd end up waiting several minutes for it once we got downstairs. The one plus to this hotel was the location. Right near Union Square, it was a great place to walk from, although there weren't very many restaurants nearby. Overall, it was an ordinary experience and I'd definitely stay somewhere else next time.	
Jul 7 2004	Worth the Price	Stayed here over the 4th of July weekend. Lovely place in the Heart of San Francisco next to Union Square. The room was nice well decorated, shower was Great, There is a nice mini-bar fridge and also the coffee and cups are complimentary. Coffee pot sits in the bathroom next to the TV in the Bathroom. Drapes were Heavy enough to sleep in and not be bothered by the noise or light. A Good diner to eat at is Lori's Diner a block away from the hotel. Good prices and good hot meals. Shopping is out for me unless I find a sale, as the prices at Saks, Macy's and Neimen Marcus were outragously ridiculous, who is going to pay $2,000 for a dress or suit jacket you can get at Marshalls for $50 or less. Yes all Designer names but who has that kind of Money- not someone reading the reviews at Trip Advisor trying to find out where the best places are for your money. Enjoy your trip.	
Jul 4 2004	Wanted to stay longer!!!	This is a very exciting hotel to stay at. It is a block north of Union Square. Close to all the big stores and the theaters. The subway and BART are just up the street. We checked in right at 3:00 and were provided a room on the 23rd floor with sweeping views of the city, Transamerica building, and bay. All rooms at this hotel have a great view since the hotel is in the middle of the city. Be sure to go to the 36th floor for a cocktail in the lounge up there. The lounge has breathtaking views of the bay, Alcatraz, Coit Tower, Mark Hopkins, Fairmont, etc. The room was well appointed; modern decor, comfortable surroundings. The staff was friendly and courteous. They do need more elevators but that was only a slight bother. I would love to stay here again.	
Jun 13 2004	A Good Hotel	This is a great business hotel! I have stayed here dozens of times and rarely had any negative experiences. Rates have varied between $99 and $229 but it is generally worth it. The rooms are well appointed, have comfortable beds and large bathrooms. Higher floors have great views. Try to get a corner room. The staff are efficient and friendly. Breakfast on the top floor is enjoyable and the service very good. (Try the Eggs Benedict) The public areas are a bit lacking but you are right on Union Square so it is easy to wander out. The Regency Club is nothing special. The rooms are no different and the lounge has plain continental breakfast offerings and a honor bar. It is smallish and not worth it. A final item to point out is the the building can sway like most in San Francisco and high winds can create a mild creaking noise in the rooms from the minute sway of the building. You will not feel it but you can hear it. Lower floors get a fair bit of street noise. All in all a good hotel.	
Jun 8 2004	Great Location Nice room. Good deal via Priceline	I've stayed in a number of the 4**** hotels in San Francisco and I thought this was one of the better ones. Fantastic location, just one block North of Union Square. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. 	
Jun 4 2004	Great Grand Hyatt!!	My husband and I just returned from a 6 night stay at the Grand Hyatt, and it was wonderful. It was our first visit to San Francisco, and we were celebrating our 3rd anniversary, so I asked for a higher-level floor room with king sized bed upon check-in, and they gave us a great room on the 23rd floor, with a view of the city and the water, for guestroom rates! Once in the room, totally exhausted from taking a 7 a.m. flight from NY, needing a nap desperately, I phoned housekeeping to ask if they had a pair of slippers, as I had forgotten mine. Within 10 minutes they brought me a new pair of slippers! Room was very clean and lots of towels in the bathroom. The concierge desk was also fabulous - we left our Pac Bell game tickets home, so they directed us to the business office where we were able to go online to get a customer service number for the park, call them, and arrange for a new set of tickets to be printed. We ordered room service one night, and the food was very good, and arrived at the room within 20 minutes. Couldn't have asked for a better hotel at the price we paid - about $120 a night on Expedia. A real bargain. And there was a Starbucks right across the street, and cable car stop around the corner! If we ever go back to SF, we will definitely stay here.	
Jun 1 2004	Not As Good As A Grand Hyatt	I am normally always impressed with Hyatt. This hotel, though, was merely average. The AAA Four Diamond really through me a curve. I was expecting a AAA Four Diamond hotel, but this Hyatt clearly is not. The hotel has no recreational facilities. The restaurant options on site are limited. (With it’s great central location in Union Square, off site restaurants are abundant.) The lobby is somewhat small and cramped, and the elevators are extremely slow. Although the facility was lacking, the concierge staff was very helpful and the hotel’s location is perfect. The theatre district, Market Street, and China Town are all within walking distance. Other trendy neighborhoods like Fisherman’s Wharf and the Castro District are easily accessible by streetcar or subway. This Hyatt was a very acceptable Three Diamond Hotel. And I don’t mind a Three Diamond Hotel, unless I’m expecting a Four Diamond.	
May 31 2004	Great location good room	I stayed 5 nights at the Grand Hyatt SF in April. The hotel has a great location off Union Square, convenient for most of the main attractions.Unlike some of the other reviewers, I found the staff to be very helpful and friendly - I guess this is something which can vary from trip to trip.The room was a good sized king, on the 25th floor, overlooking Harry Dentons Starlight Room! No problems with traffic noise. Shower and facilities were all good.Only minor blight was being awoken by housekeeping at 10am on a Sunday morning because another guest had removed the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign from our room door... Not the hotels fault, of course.I'd certainly return to this hotel (and indeed am planning my next SF trip right now!).	
May 17 2004	Disappointed	Just came back from one night at the Grand Hyatt in S.F. We had tickets for The Lion King and wanted to make it a great evening with a stay at a nice hotel. We went online and selected the Grand Hyatt. The Lion King was OUTSTANDING... the Hyatt was marginal. First thing the registration clerk did was to try to get us to stay the night in the &quot;living room portion of a suite&quot; as an alternative to our confirmed reservation. But when we said no, a fairly nice room was provided at the rate we had confirmed. My wife and I were mostly disappointed in the lack of the little things. There were minimal ammenities in the room. I've stayed at many less expensive hotels and the ammenities were much nicer. I guess the thing that bothered us the most was that there was a small coffee maker int the room but no coffee. I made a specific trip to the registration desk to request the coffee and was told it would be there before morning. Well as you probably figured out it never showed up. I know it's a small thing, but I expected more out of the Hyatt. I'll try another place next time we go to the City.	
Apr 24 2004	great service great location	We stayed at this hotel the first week in April. The staff was courteous and always willing to help us. Service was always with a smile. The Grandview restaurant was excellent with attentive service from Richard our waiter. Great location, close to shopping. Would stay at again.	
Mar 23 2004	San Francisco with Teens	Just returned from San Francisco trip. San Francisco is worth a trip, incredible place. We had high 80's temp and cool at night of course. The Grand Hyatt is an ok hotel, nothing special except the excellent location off Union Square. You can get there on the Bart (train system from the airport that is 4.95 cents per person, then a short walk to the hotel. You can get to all areas of tourist interest within a few blocks to transportation for 1.35 per person under 18 is only .35. We felt safe all around. The conceirge was excellent with advice on how to get to all locations. The front desk was unfriendly, esp. guest services. We checked our bags in to hold until our plane and we were counting the bags and she made fun of us like we couldn't count. She told the bell hop that we had 6-7-8 whatever they don't know, right in front of us. That was unacceptable. Upon return, I might check out a different hotel around Union SQ. But, expedia does offer great deals.	
Mar 18 2004	Great location	Stayed at the Hyatt over Valentine's Day weekend 2004. The best thing about the hotel is the location. Its central to everything. The room was clean, the room service food was tasty and the staff was very helpful. They were able to find me a reservation at a top restaurant on Valentine's Day which is next to impossible. I would stay here again.	
Mar 1 2004	Intrusive minbar checks but otherwise good service	Booked trip through Travelocity, initially on the fourth floor but was moved to 22 nd floor when we checked in. Service generally good but disturbed by the daily &quot;Minibar checks&quot; with a person knocking on the door while we were still in the room sleeping! We also got charged for items we did not take. The rooms were moderately spacious but not exciting.	
Feb 18 2004	Good location	The Grand Hyatt at Union Square is a good location. The hotel itself is average. The staff was helpful, and the rooms were clean. I don't understand how several rating groups rate this hotel a 4 star hotel. I would say 3 stars easily, but the rating of 4 stars is not accurate. You will be disappointed if you think you are going to stay at a real 4 star hotel. If you book an upgraded room ,make sure that is what you get, it seems like Hyatts' try to down-grade the room you purchased. The location around Union Square was really good, we felt safe,plenty of shopping,and food that you could walk to. The cable and trolleys were ony a block or two away.	
Jan 20 2004	Killer Location Standard Hyatt Accommodations	Stayed at the Grand Hyatt through a Hotwire rate of only $79 plus plus. It was totally worth it, as this hotel is located just one block north of Union Square, steps to all the great chain-store shopping in the city. Market Street is only four blocks away, so transit is easily accessible. While the hotel itself is hardly anything unique, it is good, quality Hyatt fare: clean rooms, well-maintained lobby, standard services. As always, the higher the floor, the better the view and less street noise. I'd definitely be a repeat customer if the price was right!	
Dec 30 2003	If you think this is a fine hotel you have not travelled much	I used the reviews from this website and booked a rather expensive Regency Club room. What a mistake. Dated 2 star hotel trying to be a 4 star. The location is great, but on the 30th floor, I could easily hear the street traffic due to a lack of modern glazed window glass. Add on the noise I could hear from rooms above, and I could say it was one of the biggest hotel disappoinments I have had. After not sleeping, I called the Four Seasons and got a room in there at 9:00 AM. What a hotel. With their Holiday rate it was $80/night more than the Hyatt, but absolutely incompararable. I felt like I moved from a 30 some odd story buget hotel to the Taj Mahal.	
Oct 23 2003	First class service as usual	The grand Hyatt is my sure stay every time in San Francisco, good service, big room, good location and they have the best executive lounge in S.F....good &quot;real&quot; food, free Starbuck and Great view. I think Hyatt need to open a class teach other hotel how to run the executive lounge...ha, five stars.	
Oct 19 2003	Pretty Sweet	Stayed at the Grand Hyatt for 2 nights @ $199/nt not too shabby for &quot;Frisco&quot; and yeah the SF newspaper told me it's now hip to say &quot;Frisco&quot; so don't get too excited...Checkin was fast and easy. Asked for low floor and got it. Yeah i know that makes for lousy view but I hate waiting in elevators. .. Television was AWFUL staticky and blurry. Complained modestly but didn't care as only slept in the room. Room was otherwise great with an L shape into the bathroom. (Bedroom then small hallway with sink and then bathroom) this was a regular one king bed room. . . Good Climate Control. Great Location. Walked to Union Square, ChinaTown, Moscone Center, Cablecars, Restaurants, car rental locations. . . . .blah blah blah Felt safe at night. No gift shop available, but many stores nearby. Cool hotel top bar and restaurant for views.	
Oct 4 2003	First class location	We stayed here for 3 nights. Ideally located in Union square, centre of town. Excellent base for sight seeing, cable car terminus, shopping and restaurants. Hotel itself is very clean and well managed. Friendly and efficient staff. Recommended for short stay. If you need a stiff drink, try the &quot;Ultimate Martini&quot;.	
Sep 30 2003	Great service and Great Location	This a great hotel and the service was excellant. The rooms were a little small but the great service and view from the 25th floor made up for it. At first i was worried about how we would get around town without a car but the cable cars where right around the corner from the hotel. It was easy getting to fishermans wharf and china town. Union Square is also the best location for shopping.	
Sep 4 2003	Grand Hyatt Exceeded Expectations!	My 8/28 - 9/1 stay at the Grand Hyatt was just fantastic! I have nothing negative to say about this hotel --- everything was great! The front desk staff was very nice and gave me an 18th floor room with an awesome view of Union Square. The Grandviews Restaurant on the 36th floor had excellent food and service. I will definitely stay at the Grand Hyatt again. It exceeded my expectations.	
Sep 2 2003	Hotel Throws Good Specials	Excellent hotel...1st Class...Great Location close to Union Square, China Town, Cable Car. Got a good deal on rate too.	
Aug 25 2003	4-Star stay in Union Square		
Aug 25 2003	A Few Tips		
Aug 16 2003	very decent		
Aug 10 2003	Good deal throug AAA		
Jul 31 2003	Grand Hyatt a good deal thru Hotwire		
Jul 3 2003	Not so Grand Hyatt		
Jun 26 2003	Grand Views		
Jun 14 2003	High at the Hyatt		
Jun 4 2003	Loved the view		
Feb 5 2003	Loved the staff		
Oct 25 2009 	Un hotel centrico y con inmejorables vistas		
Aug 22 2009 	?????		
Jun 18 2009 	Super Lage - toller Ausblick		
May 1 2009 	Super Lage/super Hotel		
Apr 28 2009 	efficace cher et peu chaleureux		
Mar 16 2009 	????????		
Jan 24 2009 	???????????		
Oct 19 2008 	?????????????????????????		
Oct 13 2008 	??????		
Mar 14 2008 	Bien situado trato frio		
Feb 17 2008 	Hotel ist gut - jedoch amerikanischer Standard		
