Nov 2 2009 	Avoid like the plague	This hotel is a joke. Extremely Noise, dirty rooms, and double charged credit cards are just a few of their ammenities. Expect a side dish of rudeness to accompany it. These clowns double charged my Credit card for a one night stay, they argued with me till no end that they didn't, but they did. They are extremely rude to their customers, and the next time I'm in San Francisco I'll gladly waste a day and stand in front of this place and tell every possible customer/potential victim to go elsewhere.	
Oct 11 2009	Bitter disappointment Manager Doug Bad Attitude	After years of staying at the Chelsea and the sister hotels, visiting once a month for years and now every 3 months, I have to say we were very upset with the Mgr. Doug's ATTITUDE! Our TV didn't work and he came to the room and was visibly annoyed, like it was my fault. He was downright rude and surly! He told me maintenance would fix it while I was out. I said fine. I told him my son in law would want to relax and watch TV when he returned from the doctor. It never was fixed, we called again. Mohammed came up and said they 'converted to Comcast and they had been getting complaints since Sat.&quot; Nice of them to get them fixed. They had 4 days to do it. BAD MANAGEMENT!!!! The TV stuttered, produced a loud sound as it went to black and white fuzz and then shut itself off, at minute intervals , sometimes seconds. This kept happening. Try to watch the news. We were offered room 108, which was in terrible condition! No thank you. I wouldn't stay in that room if they paid me. BACK to our room 114. The shower handle that regulates the hot and cold water, fell off during the shower! There were no extra pillows, as requested ,long in advance. Tissues ran out, there were 5 of them. To add insult to injury, the management yet, had such a lousy attitude! I should have had the attitude after paying $125. for such shoddy treatment. This outfit will send long time and frequent guests running TO OTHER PROPERTIES! It has become an employee Country Club. Heck with the guests. They refused to give me the CEO or owners address, to write to, or any person in authority, to complain to. Imagine? Maybe they should rename the place&quot; Shady Lane.&quot;	
Oct 6 2009 	Perfect place to stay on a budget	We stayed at the Chelsea Motor Inn for 3 nights, and it met our needs. It definitely wasn't a luxury hotel (or what I'm used to on business trips), but there also wasn't anything wrong with it. The rooms were clean and updated. They actually were a lot better than the pictures on their website suggest. I probably wouldn't have stayed here based on the website pictures, but fellow trip advisor pictures showed better rooms, and those were accurate. The free parking and free internet were perks and the location was good. I would stay here again if I needed a reasonably priced hotel in San Francisco.	
Sep 29 2009 	It was alight...a few mistakes.	Not a bad price for the location...paid $98 thursday and $125 fri and saturday. I felt safe and secure staying there. When I booked the hotel, I told the woman that we would be getting in very late at night, she said she would make a note on the reservation but not to worry because it was gauranteed anyways....well, suprise suprise, we got there at midnight and they had cancelled the reservation at 10pm because they &quot;thought we were not coming.&quot; We were lucky that they still had the room available so we were not totally SOL. The guy who was what I assume the owner/manager was very deffensive and made up several lies, all the other employees we encountered were wonderfull, pleasant, and very helpfull. One more thing- definately THE smalledst &quot;king&quot; bed I have ever seen. Would I stay there again? It wouldn't be my first choice, but I might stay there if I was in a pinch. It was clean and the bed was decent.	
Sep 25 2009 	Large rooms with character would stay again	Stayed here for 3 nights, decent location, bars and places to eat 5 minute walk up the hill.Plenty of free parking, would stay here again.	
Aug 27 2009 	Clean safe and inexpensive place close to the Waterfront	We stayed here with our 6 yr old daughter and thought this was a great deal. Can get loud if have a room over Lombard and you leave your windows open. Didn't bother us as we are city folk! Staff was very friendly and helpful. Ask them for advice in the area. Some great restaurants and shops a few streets south on Union. A $5 cab ride to the Wharf and walking distance from the Exploratorium and the Golden Gate Bridge! Free Internet and Parking as well!	
Aug 24 2009 	A Nice place despite being located on Lombard Street very quiet and well maintained	You can &quot;haggle with the management&quot; on pricing. Best to reserve online.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great bargain in SF	The cleanliness and free off street parking were fantastic. It's a really good walk to the wharf, but only about five blocks to the bay and good views of the GG Bridge. Lots of places for dinner and for breakfast right in the neighborhood. The room was very clean.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Location Clean Hotel 	My husband and I got lucky when we landed the last room available. We didn't do any advance booking so it was difficult finding a hotel. The Chelsea Inn ended up being a great place! It was very clean and quiet. The staff was very friendly and helpful with providing us with information about the area. We would definitely stay there again!Sam and Yvette Schulz of Ventura	
May 26 2009 	Very BAD!!!do not stay here if you want to get any sleep!!	We stayed here for the first three nights in san fran, BIG MISTAKE!! the free parking was the ONLY plus at this hotel. there is a tavern across the street that is very loud and the windows at this hotel are not good at all!! you may as well sleep with the windows open it was soo bad!!! since you cant smoke in the bar they were smoking and drinking on the street. the bar was closed on monday and I thought great now i can sleep, NOT the garbage truck pulled up at 3:30 am and buses go by ALL NIGHT LONG!!! then, we had the Do Not Disturb sign on our door the whole time we were there.(We had expensive cameras and computers with us) the end of the second day, we get back to our room to find that the maid had been in and gave us new towels!! What part of DND dont they get!!! they informed us that is is CA law that they have the right to check the rooms if the DND is on the door for more than 2 days!! they gave no prior notice of this &quot;right&quot;! when we checked out, the two shady looking guys at the front desk were very defensive about the subject when we questioned them about this &quot;practice&quot;. when I complained about all of the noise they said &quot; well, the room was not a problem right&quot; to me the windows ARE part of the room!!	
May 26 2009 	Hidden Gem of a Hotel	This was a spot of luck on my part as this was my second choice hotel but due to a booking error by Expedia I was sent here. What a bargain FREE PARKING!! I say again FREE PARKING in San Francisco! That alone should be enough to tempt you!But this hotel was clean, well maintained and ideally located for those that don't mind a walk! I arrived and was greeted by a very pleasent young lady whom checked me in quickly got my car parked and me upto my room in only 5 mins, She told me the best place to eat and drink (Irish bar one block over).Just one block down on lombard was an American Icon a drive in dinner the food was sublime and the staff funny and entertaining.It's only bad point was the there was no cable and that on the front you are next to Highway 101 the main road through to Golden Gate bridge and there are several bars across the road so sometimes it can be noisy but not to the point where I could not sleep. If your looking for a cheap but comfortable base to tour the city then look no further. This is part of a chain of hotels on Lombard Street The other even has luxury appartments just check the website.My next trip to 'The City' will be to this hotel or it'sister.Thank You Chelsea Motor InnAndrew	
May 26 2009 	Enjoyed our stay at The Chelsea!	We stayed here for a week. It's clean and spacious and a very good rate with free parking which is what we needed. Most of the hotel staff was informative. I was miffed with one of the workers. We got in at 4pm and had a city tour at 5pm and had to be at Fisherman's wharf. It was almost 90 degrees the day we arrived and we were tired from traveling. The desk worker told us it was only a 20 minutes walk. Well it turned into 40 minutes and we just made our tour. But were all sweaty from running. He didn't tell us about the bus - which would of had us there in 15 minutes. The 30 bus you pick up 1 block over takes you to Fisherman's wharf, Chinatown, North Beach. Lombard and 101 are the same so tasks you straight to Golden Gate Bridge in less than 10 minutes. Tons of really good restaurants within a couple of blocks. We enjoyed Izzy's Steak House, pizza, Itialian, Mel's diner for a really late dinner. Very safe neighborhood. All in all very staisfied with this hotel and would return.	
Apr 7 2009 	great stay in san francisco!	My husband and I stayed here for two nights on our road trip along the California coast. I was very impressed with this place for the price of it. I felt that this was one of the best deals we got along the way. Rooms are very large, clean, and comfortable. There is plenty of parking that is free! It is in a clean and seemingly safe part of the city. It is within walking distance to several places including the Golden Gate Bridge and the curvy part of Lombard, as well as plenty of restaurants. There is a bus stop right in front of the hotel. There is no breakfast, but there is a great place right around the corner that the hotel staff told us about.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great place to stay on the cheap in SF	My husband and I were planning a long weekend in San Francisco and were looking into hotels. After noting that most of the Union Square hotels were charging ridiculous rates for parking, we decided to look in other neighborhoods. We found the Chelsea Motor Inn, in the Cow Hollow/Marina neighborhood, which had a great room rate and free parking so we tried it. I was a little hesitant about how nice the room would be due to the sub $100/night price but was extremely pleased once we arrived. The room was a great size for us and was clean - no weird smells upon entering. The neighborhood is lively with a lot of good restaurants and shopping in the area and it's not too far a walk down to the waterfront from the hotel. My only con about the hotel, which was pretty minor, was that the neighborhood was a little loud at night and the noise can filter into the rooms, although the hotel itself was extremely quiet and I didn't have much trouble getting to sleep.I'm pretty picky about hotels and I would highly recommend this one if you're looking for a great value in SF.	
Feb 25 2009 	great family place	Two adults and two teenagers managed to stay in one very large room for 5 nights without feeling overcrowded. The room had two queen beds and a cot, with plenty of room left over. Everything was spotless. Free parking is a plus, but the need to go through the garage to get to the elevator was a bit off-putting. Great location, though, and good value.	
Feb 19 2009 	Very nice place	We are tourist from Prague in Czech republic and we stayed for 6 nights. The hotel is very clean and comfortable. We had a interior room in 3rd floor and it was really quiet. The room is big and the bed is perfect. The hotel is in great location, behind the corner there is a bus stop. In a hotel you could park your car for free. The staff by the desk is friendly and we had no problem at all. We would like to recomment this hotel!!	
Feb 8 2009	Good location and price Bad service	Be careful. They don't respond to email at all. I tried to contact them at [-] to delay my reservation 1 day. When I got to the hotel, I found they canceled my reservation completely because they thought I was a no show. Luckily, they still had a room, it was New Years Eve and almost all booked up. I got my credit card bill a couple weeks later and notice it's more than I expected. I email them, twice.. again no reply. So I call them and eventually get the manager's direct email address. When I write to manager very politely, he writes back bluntly, your bill is correct, you were a no show on the first night. But it's still more than I think it should be. So I look at it again I finally figure out that they billed a premium rate for New Years Eve which was never told to me. the manager never did reply to my question about why it was more that I expected. Not at all the kind of service I expected. If they just checked their email and gave a better service it would be a nice place.	
Feb 3 2009 	Quality Accommodation in San Fran	My mate and I (both in our early 20's) stayed here in December of '08 on our second stop on a round the world trip. We were very happy with our stay at the Chelsea Motor Inn.We stayed in a standard room with two double beds. The room included a heater, work desk, a safe, free wireless internet service and a TV. The beds were extremely comfortable and spacious as was the bathroom. Admittedly the shower was a shower/bath, but it had good water pressure and the water temperature could be controlled.This is one hotel that should not be viewed from the outside or on first glance. It has extremely comfortable and well maintained rooms that should suit most. The exterior of the building still looks a little old and resembles more of the motor inn type feel, but the room itself was a proper and quality hotel room. With this being said, while we were staying here, the exterior appeared to be having some work done so the ownership may be getting this fixed up.The location on Lombard Street is good and can be accessed via train and then bus from the airport or a $65 taxi/cab ride. It is across the street from a KFC, within walking distance to some restaurants and the post office. With this being said, San Francisco is not somewhere that walking is advised. The hills and valleys of the city don’t lend itself to long walks, though for fit people, it’s definitely possible.I struggle to find anything bad to say about this hotel. The only bad thing that happened on my stay was that the drink machine outside our room ate my money. Other than that, the Chelsea Motor Inn was fantastic for price, quality and location.I will definitely be attempting to stay in the Chelsea Motor Inn when I return to San Francisco.	
Jan 11 2009 	Very pleased	Really pleased with this hotel, we stayed in a room that didn't overlook Lombard Street so it was fairly quiet. On first look the hotel is a little odd - the reception desk is in the car park, you then walk across the car park to the lifts and you're then in the hotel! But don't be put off by this minor detail. Our room was very large, more than enough space for the 2 of us, with a huge bed that you'd get lost in! Our room had a big TV, a desk and plenty of room for our clothes.The bathroom was well-lit, with a powerful shower and a bath. My only complaint would be that the towels were on the small side - I'm not huge but it was a job to get those towels round me!The room was cleaned to a good standard every day.Its location on Lombard Street is ideal to get to many of the sights - if you walk straight down towards the sea within 5 minutes you can see Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge, then turn right and walk through a park and you're by the harbour. I would recommend a visit to the piers, Pier 39 was lots of fun. There are many places to eat and lots to do.When we return to San Francisco we will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 2 2009 	Favorite new affordable hotel in San Francisco	This hotel offers nice big rooms in a great location on Lombard Street (very short walk to Union Street or Chestnut Street restaurants and shopping) at an amazingly affordable rate. Free on-site parking. I've stayed at several small hotels on Lombard, and this is my new favorite. Ask for an interior room if you want to avoid street noise.	
Oct 31 2008	Good hotel and location.	Our room at this hotel (which we booked after reading Tripadvisor) was huge - enormous infact. It was a lovely corner room that was immaculate. In addition to the 2 queen beds, we had a sitting area. The beds and the pillows were very comfortable. The bathroom was a good size with plenty of towels and of course the basic provisions (shower cap, hair shampoo etc). The water temperature in the shower was very hard to regulate but once set, no problem.The air conditioning was very noisy and not at all efficient for the size of the room but we endured it as we could not have the windows open due to the outside noise..Excellent parking facilities and included in the price.The hotel is 1 mile from the 'bendy part' of Lombard Street. A lively/vibrant area that felt safe. Lots of bars, restaurants and fast food places right on the doorstep. Buses run right outside of the hotel however the bus to Fishermans Wharf is, at the most, a 10 minute walk (2 blocks) to Chestnut and then hop on the number 30. The cost is $1.50 and an all day pass $11 and covers all public transport.We booked directly with the hotel but do shop around as you can get it cheaper by using other websites. Also, we found that the administration is not that efficient - I wasted about 3 hours of my holiday trying to sort a problem out that was infact sorted prior to our arrival.	
Sep 4 2008 	Loved the Chelsea Motor Inn	We recently stayed one night at the Chelsea Motor Inn.... I had booked the room after reading reviews on Trip Advisor.... I was not disappointed in the room.Our room was HUGE for a hotel.... We had plenty of room for the 5 of us there... The beds were very comfortable and everything was so clean....Noise was mentioned in some reviews, so I was a little leery when we were given a Lombard facing room.... However, maybe because we were exhausted from all our walking around the city, the noise never bothered us one bit....The hotel also offered free parking... this was a big consideration for us in booking the hotel... It was very nice to park our vehicle and not pay the outrageous fees charged all over town.... the only downside is that the parking garage is TINY, and if you have a large vehicle, which we did, it takes some careful manuevering to get into a parking space.All in all, we had a great time here... It's definately not a luxury hotel, but if you just want a large, clean room at a really decent price, the Chelsea Motor Inn is the place to go...	
Aug 4 2008 	Beds too soft!!	Having just returned from a two night stay at the inn with my family I have to say that overall it represented very good value for money.The reception staff were very helpful, the free parking is a great bonus but, as other reviewers have said, the traffic noise is very loud and persists throughout the night.The biggest quibble I would have is that the mattresses in our rooms were way too soft. My wife has a problem back and needs a mattress that is semi firm. Most hotels we have stayed in over the years have mattresses that are just fine - we have never had to switch rooms. However all four mattresses in our rooms in this hotel were extremely soft and gave very little back support. My wife's back was quite unstable after the first night and my own back didn't feel too good either. The receptionist told us that the mattresses in all rooms were the same so there was no point in switching rooms. We stayed the second night despite the uncomfortable beds but if we were in the city any longer, we would have had to change hotels purely because of the beds	
Aug 3 2008 	Loved the Chelsea	This hotel is EXCELLENT. Don’t get scary when you see the front desk and have to go thru the parking lot to enter the rooms’ area.Located in the Marina section of town (more local people), with lot of restaurants and bars. The room is well appointed. Good bed and big bathroom. Helpful front desk people, always able to fulfill any request. Parking is free, but you don’t need a car in SF. Bus stop in front of the hotel.Ask for an inside room. Are smaller than outside room, but more private. You won’t be disappointed.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great location excellent stay!	I found this place on Expedia and phoned to see about parking costs (free!), and realized the AAA rate was cheaper. The hotel staff were helpful and nice. Room was extremely clean and updated. The only downfall is the loud traffic in the morning. Although our view was superb, i would ask to stay in the back of the hotel next time. Will definately be back! Great location and good sushi (Wasabi) just down the road:)	
Jul 24 2008 	Great hotel but don't get a room in the back!	Great hotel, but one warning! Do not get a room in the back of the hotel. We were woken every morning at 5:30 by postal trucks being loaded up. The noise continued off and on until about 7:00. Not terrible, but as I was on vacation, I definitely did not want to be woken up early. Other than that, the hotel was clean, the bedroom and bathroom were huge and the staff was very helpful. It was in a great location for public transportation. We were able to walk to Lombard Street and Fisherman's Wharf, though it took about 40 minutes. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for fun in San Francisco.	
Jul 22 2008 	Just What I wanted	I went to San Francisco to see relatives I had not seen in years, and also to introduce them to my fiancee. While the relatives were on the other side of the bridge, I wanted to stay in the city. This hotel was recommended to me by my parents who stayed there maybe 8-10 years ago when my sister lived in the city. I wanted a reasonably priced, clean hotel with parking. My fiancee and I drove up from southern California on a Saturday and returned on Monday so we also wanted a place we would could get some sleep. As I expected, my fiancee and I spent very little time in the hotel, but we were very happy when we were there. Parking was easy and the rooms was very quiet. It is important to note we had an inside room that was not on the loud Lombard street. We did take advantage of the close shopping opportunities and ate a couple of times within the half a mile of the hotel. It is close enough to walk to the Marina and Golden Gate Park. It is also very accessible to crossing the bridge to get to wine country.The staff was very polite and helpful when I checked in and later needed additional towels.I would recommend this hotel if you just want a nice, clean, comfortable place to get some sleep when you visit San Francisco. Again, it has parking which was a big bonus. We all know if it not necessary to have a car in the city. It is expensive and a pain to find parking.	
Jul 7 2008	Great deal!	This was a great deal for San Francisco. I requested an interior room because I was afraid of the street noise. It was very very quiet, I don't know how the exterior rooms would be, but the interior was very quiet. Obviously no view when you look out the window, I looked at a cement wall, but it did let in light and air. I was able to close the curtains and make the room very dark to sleep. The room was a bit cramped, but not horrible. It was very clean. The staff was very nice and helpful with advice. The parking was free, which is a rarity. Self-park, which is nice for budget-travelers because of no tipping.	
Jun 26 2008 	great location	we had a great room here staff very frendley and helpfull good location #30 bus 1 block from hotel takes you most places down town	
Jun 17 2008 	Great Hotel Value	First let me say that I am a budget traveler. I found this hotel to be very clean and a very nice room. Nice comfortable beds as well as a large bathroom. As promised they had free parking! Very rare in the San Francisco Area. No noise from street below. Public transportation was only 1 block away. Can't say enought good things about this hotel, and it did not break the bank!!Would I stay there again? Absolutely!!	
Jun 15 2008 	Chelsea Inn a great find!	We stayed in the Chelsea Motor Inn for 4 nights while we visited San Francisco in May 2008. It was possibly the cleanest hotel we have ever been in. It’s a little weird to get to – you must pull into the “car lobby” in your car, and then walk into the small office to check in. All of the staff were very friendly and answered our questions with a smile. Once we got our room keys, we pulled into the underground parking garage and just left our car there for the duration. You need your room key to get into the elevator, so it felt like coming and going from our own apartment. The smoke free property and free parking was a great plus for us. We booked directly with the hotel by phone. For the price of $101/night, we felt like we got a good bargain. Our room itself on the second floor was a decent size, with a very comfortable king bed, plenty of pillows, a desk, and a bay window with chair and footstool. The bathroom had a nice large counter, and the amenities were replenished as needed. The wireless internet worked nicely. The small coffee pot came in handy every morning, and the coffee was actually very good. There was plenty of storage and closet space, but we were glad we brought some extra hangers with us. While the building is certainly not new, the cleanliness and understated elegance really pleased us. Our room faced a side street, so the traffic noise didn’t bother us. We heard a few drunken parties Saturday and Sunday nights, though. Unknown to us, this was the weekend of the annual Bay to Breakers Run, so I think the noise stemmed from that, as we didn’t hear anything Monday or Tuesday nights. This hotel is one block from the main #30 bus route. I highly recommend buying a 3-day unlimited transit pass. This is available at a few places, including the cable car turn-around at Fisherman’s wharf. This got us on all buses, trolleys and cable cars as much as we wanted. We got all over the city with this. Check out the muni.com website for travel distances and estimated times. While we did walk to fisherman’s wharf once, it’s really quite a distance, considering you’ll be walking around there, also. Take the bus – it’s an experience, if nothing else! There’s a laundromat just a couple of blocks up Lombard and around the corner, which we took advantage of while we were there.There’s a great little pizza joint just down Lombard street from the Chelsea, but I can’t remember the name of it. It’s on the same side of the street and only about a block away, past the KFC. It looks like a hole in the wall, but the pizza was delicious!	
May 29 2008	My home away from home in San Francisco	We were made feel very much at home while staying at the Chelsea Motor Inn this past week. We felt very safe with the locked elevator entrance. Our room was very pretty and comfortable. We had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge out our window. The staff was friendly and helpful. The location was handy to public transportation. There were nice restaurants within easy walking distance. We wouldn't even consider staying anywhere else upon a return trip to San Francisco.	
May 2 2008	Great bargain	Was very happy with the location, accomodations and cleanliness. Nothing fancy but great for the price. Free parking too, which is a big plus.	
Apr 26 2008 	Great deal in San Francisco	The price was great, and the location was good. The hallways are pretty utilitarian, but the room itself was spacious, spotlessly clean and looked recently renovated. It felt much pricier than it actually was. Desk staff was pleasant and quick. Having the parking included was a great extra. My only minor complaint was that the mattress was a bit squishy.	
Apr 15 2008 	Convenient location on public transit	My 18 year old son and I stayed at this hotel while going to visit SFSU (where he was accepted at college). We wanted to spend some days visiting SF and visiting friends at other local colleges. We did not rent a car and relied on BART and the MUNI system to get us everywhere we wanted in the city (from the university, to downtown, to parks, and tourist attractions). We could catch some bus lines at the corner or only a block away. There were TONS of options for places to eat, shop, etc within walking distance, as well as movie theaters, etc. The room was comfortable (with two queen beds). There was some noise on Saturday night from a bar across the street, but we were not disturbed other days. We decided to change our travel plans and extend our visit to SF. At that point, we learned that we would have saved lots of money by booking directly with the motel rather than using the online booking service.	
Apr 4 2008 	Comfortable clean and great location. Best value in SF!	We love visiting the Cow Hollow neighborhood and this inn, and it's sister property, The Cow Hollow Inn, are great places to stay.What we liked:-Newly renovated. Decor is tasteful and classic. Warm wood furniture, neutral tones in keeping with the English theme. No cheap prints on the wall, very nice.-Clean and well kept. No funky hotel smell. Maid service was great.-We had a corner room facing Lombard so we had a larger sitting area which I loved. Nice to open the curtains and soak in the city views.-Parking is included which is a MAJOR plus in SF!-FREE Wi-Fi. It was great to be able to use our lap top.-LOCATION! This is the best feature. This inn is in the heart of Cow Hollow so the trendy Marina district and upscale Pacific Heights are all walking distance. If you love to walk you can see multi million dollar homes, visit quaint and hip shops, and sample great neighborhood restaurants (don't miss Amicis East Coast Pizzeria a block away). The Palace of Fine Arts and Exploratorium are less than 1.5 miles away and the #30 Muni Bus stops a block away from the inn and will take you through North Beach, Chinatown and Union Square. The only time we drove was to visit Muir Woods which was across the Golden Gate Bridge, about 1/2 hour away.Needs improvement:Only knock I have is with the staff who although helpful, could be friendlier and more attentive (i.e. stop the office chit-chat when the guests are waiting at the front desk.) However, this was a vast improvement over the staff at the Cow Hollow Inn where we stayed a few years back, who were just downright rude,Overall the Chelsea Motor Inn is an outstanding value at $89 per night. Our 11 yr old son loved the 'Diagon Alley' look of the exterior. The street side rooms are very noisy so if this bothers you either book a room facing away from the main street or bring earplugs for sleeping. We love watching the traffic and people down below and seeing the city lights so earplugs worked out well. This is our favorite area in SF and will definitely be back.Word of caution: Avoid the Taco Bell across the street at ALL costs!!	
Mar 31 2008 	Very happily surprised by quality	This was an excellent place for us to stay with our 6-year-old daughter. We were there for one night, with plans to visit the Exploratorium on the first day, then the SF Zoo on the next. First of all, we got there early and a room just happened to be ready! So we were able to check in, dump our stuff, park for free in their garage, and get walking. We stayed in rm 310, which faced Fillmore Street. We had views of the Palace of Fine Arts and the Golden Gate Bridge. Excellent! Good start! Keep in mind that there's an Irish pub across the street on Fillmore, so it can get noisy on weekend nights, according to friends who have stayed there before. We were there on a Wednesday night so bar patron noise was not an issue ( although I did hear one guy screaming on the streets at about 1:30 am, not unusual for a big city). Room completely exceeded our expectations: clean, nice linens, great towels, all hotel amenities. I could barely hear any noise from neighboring rooms, a pleasant surprise. Hotel staff were wonderful--front desk guy was very helpful &amp; personable. And they had a basket of apples for guests in the lobby. (It's the little things, eh?) We paid more b/c we booked through hotels.com, but it was still completely worth it. $139 still isn't too bad for a hotel in SF. Location is just great! I love the neighborhoods adjacent to Chelsea Motor Inn: Chestnut Street, one block over &amp; parallel to Lombard, has excellent restaurants, coffee shops, candy stores, the fabulous Lucca's (Italian deli, perfect for picking up grub on your way to Exploratorium/Presidio), pet stores, toy stores, donut shop, book stores. I'd like to give a shout-out to a great breakfast spot called The Grove, about 4 blocks away on Chestnut/Avila. All within easy walking distance. (Note that if you have young children, the walk to the Presidio could be a little challenging for them, but it IS all flat in Cow Hollow.) We drove our car to SF, so getting around to far-flung city places (like the zoo) wasn't a problem for us. However, the hotel was located near many bus lines so I imagine you could get to where you needed to go if you were traveling without your own vehicle. It's really hard to believe the Chelsea Motor Inn is classified as a budget hotel. We will definitely stay there again.	
Mar 28 2008 	A bargain with a great location	I stayed at the Chelsea Motor Inn with a bachelorette party with eight other girls. We booked two rooms, and paid $90-$115 per night, depending on whether it was a weekend.The rooms are HUGE. There was plenty of space for five girls in one room and four in the other. We had a little nook by the window where there was plenty of space to keep all the trappings of a bunch of girls. As for furnishings/bedding/bathroom ... it's pretty standard, for hotels. Not fantastic, but not unacceptable either. It worked out well for us, because we didn't spend much time in the hotel anyway.The location is the big sell here. Walk a block north to Chestnut Street and there are heaps of shops, restaurants and bars. Go five blocks south and you're in the fabulous Marina district, with amazing brunch places and lots and lots of shopping. Cabs were easy to come by, and in all, the Chelsea was a perfect hotel for our purposes. If I was going on a trip with just my fiance, I'd probably opt for a more upscale hotel (because we wouldn't need all that space.) But for large groups, or families, the Chelsea is great.	
Mar 23 2008 	Can't be beat	Just returned from a 4 night stay here with my family. I can not think of a better place to stay in San Francisco. For the price I was not expecting the quality of room. We had several meal out that cost more than our hotel room for the night. Location is great. FREE parking is great. We were even surprised each night to see vacuum &quot;lines&quot; in the hallway! Very clean everywhere. We had a car but everything was close enough to walk to. Lombard, Fishermans wharf, Golden Gate Bridge, etc.....were a short and very safe walk away. One street over was Chestnut Street where you can find everything from a Walgreens to Sushi to donuts.......... To sum up our stay.....I can not think of a better place to stay in San Francisco. Very clean, very friendly,very economical, very roomy, very comfortable. We even had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge from our window that opened and let the nice cool breeze in!	
Mar 11 2008 	Great deal in a great neighborhood	We spent a Friday night at this hotel, which is located on the edge of Cow Hollow and the Marina District. The room was spotlessly clean and pretty large for a budget hotel. The man at the check-in desk was very friendly and helped us with directions around the neighborhood. A huge plus is that each room gets a free covered parking spot. This hotel was very reasonably priced, and the area has a ton of bars and restaurants. It's a bit off the beaten path in relation to most tourist attractions... But honestly, you could stay here and take a cab down to SOMA or the Embarcadero and back and still have more money leftover than if you were to stay at a hotel in one of those neighborhoods. My next trip to San Francisco I am definitely staying here rather than one of those exorbitantly priced hotels downtown.	
Feb 26 2008 	Happy Third Stay at the Chelsea Motor Inn	We just returned from our third stay at the Chelsea Motor Inn and again was very happy with our stay. Love the free parking and the competitively priced rooms. The rooms and spacious, nicely decorated and clean. Agree with previous posters that the noise from Lombard and the bar around the corner can be quite noisy. If noise bothers you, request a room facing the back alley. The bar was most noisy on Saturday night, but our room directly faced it. We were able to sleep.Chelsea is located near many great shops and restuarants. We walked to breakfast and dinner everyday and always had lots of wonderful options. The bus line is only one block away. So we parked our car, for free, at Chelsea and used public transportation the entire stay. We found the staff helpful and friendly. On my next trip to San Francisco, will definetly stay at the Chelsea Motor Inn again.	
Feb 17 2008	Chelsea was a "wee gem"!!	My daughter and stayed at this wonderful hotel at the beginning of February for 3 days at the end of our month long trip to the USA The rooms were very spacious, beds were excellent, prvious posts regarding front rooms are certainly correct, we had a back view room for the first 2 nights, brilliant, then we moved to the front, it was very very noisy on the street, all night long!! double glazing might be the answer. apart from that slight problem, the staff were very good, helpful with directions. The location is also very good, number 30 bus at $1.50 a time was a breeze, close enough if you wanted to walk to the Wharf, and a safe comfortable area to walk in, plenty of eating/drinking establishments. We will certainly go back.	
Feb 6 2008 	Excellent location FREE Parking Large Rooms!	If you have a car, this place is exceptional. Free parking included in the already discounted and extremely amazing nightly rate averaging around $87 per night. Large clean rooms, clean bathrooms with nice towels. Wonderfuln to walk around in this very safe neighborhood with many restaurants, shopping and away from the madness of Union Square. Also close to the water with a nice walking path. Convenience inn and out priveledges for your driving needs. Quick and easy check in. Really this place and it's sister properties (Coventry Motor Inn, Columbus motor inn) are the best deal in San Francisco. Why would anyone stay in Union Square when you have small cramped old rooms and have to pay $30 night for parking!! I plan on staying here again with our without a car!!	
Jan 6 2008 	Good location. Enjoyable stay.	Very good location in quiet and pleasant Marina area. Quick and easy bus rides to all attractions. Close to several good restaurants and cafes. Post office close by. Room a little dark but nice views of side streets. Feels secure even though you have to cross the car park you are in sight of the office and there is a key to the lift access area. Would return.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great Price Great Location Home Away from Home	We read reviews on Cow Hollow Inn, and was about to book there, when we found this sister property on their website, only a block away. The price was cheaper and we thought perhaps the quality of the rooms were not as good. We were pleasantly surprised when we walked into our room. We stayed for 5 nights on the third floor corner room facing Lombard Street. The traffic was not bad at all, and we found the room to be extra spacious (corner rooms are a bit wider). The bedding was excellent, furniture was quaint and classic (not an &quot;old&quot; feeling at all). The bathroom was marble and its counter had lots of room for toiletries, the shower was very comfortable. Now the location. This place is located right on Fillmore and Lombard. There is a shopping area on Union Street just a few blocks away. A line of shops just one block away on Chestnut Street. There is a Walgreens very close to the hotel and Fillmore itself is quite busy. The area felt very safe in the evening also. We were about a good 20 minute walk to the Wharf, 10 minutes to the Marina. Driving wise, it is very close to the Golden Gate Bridge and parking is free. The lobby is separate from the entrance to the building, so after we checked in the first day, it was pretty much like we were going back to our apartment each night. The cleaning lady was very nice and she does a wonderful job. Overall, we felt like we got the best value for what we paid for.	
Dec 31 2007 	Good hotel 	Mostly very good things to say about this hotel1) Good location on Lombard &amp; Fillmore. Ask for quieter room on back street.2) Free parking,but it can get hard to find later in the evening. Some parking on back street.3) Free Wi-Fi4) Lots of shops and restaurants 1 block away on Chestnut St.5) Nicely decorated room6) Friendly, helpful staff7) Lots of Cable TV ChannelsThings that needed improvement...1) Low water pressure in shower2) Coffee pot didn't fit coffeemaker, so water sat in filter basket	
Dec 3 2007	Rude Rude Rude	My husband and I travel to San Francisco every four weeks. We are very familiar with hotels in the city...usually staying at one of the Joie de Vivre hotels...one of our favorites being The Laurel Inn. This was our first visit to the Chelsea and unfortunately, it will be our one and only visit to the Chelsea. I have never encountered such discourteous treatment and lack of basic hotel customer service skills as we encountered from &quot;Doug&quot;...supposedly &quot;the manager&quot; at the Chelsea Motor Inn....doesn't listen, very condescendingly interrupts and refuses accountability. Certainly not warm and inviting as one should be in the hotel business. After being verbally mistreated, I cannot recommend the hotel to anyone, neither will we ever return. Apparently the company also owns the Cow Hollow Motor Inn and The Coventry...I certainly hope staff at tthose properties speak respectfully to paying customers. On another note, accommodations were adequate and clean. We had heard there could be some noise issues, but our room was situated away from the traffic.	
Nov 22 2007 	What a find great neighbourhood too!	We were late booking two rooms for the end of a recent roadtrip that tooks us from Phoenix to San Francisco. The only hotels that seemed to have availability were motor inns - we chose the Chelsea, having read previous trip advisor reviews. It wasn't what we were expecting, as we hadn't understood what a Motor Inn was - it has just a very small reception, and a car park (which was free and an absolute must in San Francisco, because buses, cable cars and on foot is the only way to do this city!)The only downside was that it was positioned on Lombard Street, the main road through the city to the Golden Gate Bridge and our room was quite noisy as it looked over that road. However, it was much more than compensated by the standard of the rooms that were roomy, extremely comfortable, spotlessly clean, and serviced every day (new fluffy white towels and crisp bedlinen). The hotel reception staff were very helpful and even booked us in on-line for our return flights. Having not been to San Francisco before, we had wanted to be either on Fishermans Wharf or near Union Square - thankfully those hotels had no rooms, or we would never have stayed in this part of town and never got to visit the local restaurants it had to offer, where the food was far superior to that offered by the more touristy restaurants (McCormack and Kuleto - for example, where the food was good, but not a patch on these locals). If you stay here, make sure you walk South on Filmore street (great restaurants on this street too) to visit Union Street - Cow Hollow - about three blocks down, where you will find fantastic individual boutique type shops and a very wide choice of restaurants. I loved everything about San Francisco, the city, the bay, the views, the people (who couldn't have been more friendly and helpful) and even the fog!! And I'm convinced this hotel's location is what made the experience even better.	
Sep 25 2007 	Walk-in find on Lombard Street in the Marina	We were supposed to stay at a friends' so we hadn't searched for a hotel before arriving in San Fran. But when our friend was mia, we went looking for a hotel. Our first stop was a place that my sister had heard about, Hotel del Sol, in the Marina. They were charging $150 a night. Before booking it, we wanted to check out a few other places so we walked around the neighborhood and checked the prices at a few hotels on Lombard Street.The Chelsea was our third stop and their rate of $99 won out. We stayed there without checking tripadvisor first (not by my choice) and were not disappointed. In fact, i was impressed.I was worried the place might be a flea-bag, but it was definitely nice.good beds. free wifi. clean bathrooms. tv. etc. cool neighborhood too. good location. near cow hollow and the marina triangle. the only thing i wasn't happy about is that i didn't get to shop around for the best rate before staying.	
Sep 7 2007 	You'd expect to pay more for.	Great Value for the Money!!Quality of Furniture &amp; Fixtures were a lot better than I expected.Marble Bathrooms Floors, Elegant furniture &amp; Bedding.Good location right on Lombard St.Walking distance to Fisherman's Warf (a good 15-20 min walk)or take a bus one block over.Free parking, uncommon in San Francisco.Helpful knowledgable staff.Try the Bay Watch restaurant for breakfast (1 block up Lombard St.) Great low Fat Fruit &amp; Yogurt Crepes!Only disadvantage is traffic noise, but they do have interior rooms available. A lot quieter, but not too much day light.Can't wait to come back!!!	
Aug 21 2007	Pleasantly Surprised	Terrific location, fantastic price, parking free and an excellent manager doubling as a great concierge! Manager Doug was fantastic. Room was spacious, clean and enjoyable.I will definitely be back.	
Jul 27 2007 	LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!	great location. love the Cow Hollow, Marina district. have stayed here before and went back again. very clean and nice staff can walk to many, many restaurants and also the movie theatre down the street in the marina district. Be sure to try Noahs Bagles across the street and one block down. about 2 blocks up is Union Street in Cow Hollow. Great shops and numerous out door cafes and restaurants. We have driven all througout SF and this is the nicest and most fun area to stay in. near the marina, golden gate bridge and the Presidio.will always stay in this area at the Chealsea or the Cow Hollow.	
Jul 26 2007 	Nice Room	We made reservations here because of a recommendation. I have to admit before we got there I was worried about what the rooms would look like. We had a corner room and it was huge, very clean and nicely decorated. We had made reservations for 2 nights but after we were there we added another night. There was a sitting rooms area with chairs and tabels, we had 3 kids with us so it was nice to have all the extra room. Parking in the underground garage is included in the price of the room. Would stay here again.	
Jun 29 2007 	great privately owned local motel	the is a terrific place-especially for the value. the location is perfect. the staff was fantastic &amp; eager to please. doug, the manager,was delightful. the owners care about their properties &amp; it shows. ask for the back side-or quiet side. bed &amp; pillows were comfy, great plush towels,amenities. lots of great restaurants in walking distance.plus owners refuse to raise rates for special events. how often to you find that??!!! will definitely go back.	
May 11 2007	Clean spacious and good value	We booked in here late in the eveing, the guy at the front desk was helpful and friendly. The room was really spacious and clean. We would stay here again and would ask for a room at the back and were right on the corner of Filmore and Lombard bit noise but great to people watch. the free parking is safe and convient. There is a bus stop close by so no travel problems. Much better than others in San Fran - give it a try	
May 1 2007 	nice room	Looked between AAA book and website, called the hotel and felt welcome. great location and easy to find. i am not used to the city noise all night long so the first night was hard to sleep, but the second i slept like a baby!. Nice rooms, free parking and one block from the busline I used all weekend. Muhammed was great for info. Thanks guys for my first weekend in San Francisco!	
Mar 10 2007	Chelsea Mornings	My husband and I stayed at the Chelsea for 4 nights at the end of February to March 2nd. Our initial impression upon arrival was disappointment. The front desk clerk was more interested in getting back out behind the office cubicle in the parking garage to smoke than in trying to find us the third floor room we had requested. Our first floor room was on the streetside, on the corner of Fillmore and Lombard, right over a bus stop with a view of a Kentucky Fried Chicken bucket. Luckily, the room itself was actually quite comfortable and thoughtfully appointed, so our stay proved pleasant after all. Beds are Serta Perfect Sleepers, decor is subdued. There is plenty of storage space, complimentary, trouble-free wireless access and a good-sized bathroom with plenty of hot water and pressure, plus nice Judith Jackson Spa soaps, etc. There were glasses with the ice bucket and ceramic mugs with the coffee maker -- not plastic. Housekeeping did a good job. The neighborhood was full of terrific restaurants, bakeries and shops, within easy walking distance and for places further afield, you could not get closer to public transportation. Other front desk personnel proved more friendly than our &quot;welcoming&quot; clerk, so we left with a feeling that we would go back to the Chelsea Motor Inn, if circumstances called for being in the same area or if we came with a car. (A big selling point is the free garage parking.) If we return looking for more of an atmospheric room with a great view, we will look elsewhere. If you are sensitive to city noise and don't mind looking at a wall, ask for an inside room.	
Nov 13 2006 	excellent value	My wife and I stayed at the Chelsea Motor Inn on the 21st and 22nd of October 2006. The hotel is located on beautiful Lombard St. about a 20 minute walk to fisherman's Wharf. The reception staff was very welcoming and helpful. The parking is all indoors. Rooms are spacious and very comfortable. The price is excellent in comparison to other hotels in San Francisco. I would definitely stay here again the next time I visit wonderful San Francisco.	
Nov 6 2006 	It is a perfect choice	We stayed, my husband and I, for 4 nights, oct. 24-28... we were surprised when we got into our room ... it was just perfect!, clean &amp; nice and with everything we needed. Not really noisy,,, free wireless, safe deposit box, and there was room enouch to get another queen sized bed inside!.. We are pleased to recomend it to anyone who does not want to spend a fortune on hotel rooms in S.F.It is half an hour walking distance to the fisherman's wharft, where you got the chance to conect to almost everything there is to see in S.F. Also nice stores and places to eat or get a drink just around the corner.. If you are concerned about the location, we can say it is a safe one, we walked at night several times and never felt insecure.We are kind of picky, we are used to get good accomodations (five stars hotels) payed by the companies we work for, and we can say this is a very nice and confortable place to stay, without any discomfort at all.People at the front desk,,,always very nice and helpful, if we ever go back to S.F. we will not hasitate to stay at the Chelsea Motor Inn.Enrique &amp; Gina	
Oct 26 2006 	Clean Convenient and Nice	We read through all the reviews on this website before we decided on Chelsea Motor Inn. We thought this hotel was a great choice. As most of the reviews say, it looks so-so from the outside but the rooms are charming and clean. We were offered a choice of either the back of the hotel or the front overlooking the street, so we knew by the past reviews to choose a room in the back. The hotel is in a great location (Lombard street is a tad shady in this area) but one block up is Chestnut Street where there are trendy stores, boutiques, cafes and restaurants. Two blocks up in the other direction is Union Street with even more stores, restaurants, bars etc. It's a young, hip section and we loved it. The #30 bus (for $1.50) was our mode of transporation all weekend and there are stops all along Chestnut street that take you to the Wharf, financial district, etc. The hotel staff are friendly and very accommodating. I never once felt unsafe. We would most likely book this hotel again if we were to return to SF.	
Sep 22 2006 	Loved the Chelsea Motor Inn	We stayed four nights at the Chelsea Motor Inn in mid-September and could not have been more pleased. This is a terrific place for budget minded travelers who want clean, comfortable accomodations without a lot of frills. If you're looking for room service, bellhops and other luxuries, look elsewhere. But if you want a comfortable room, friendly and helpful staff, free parking and a location that's convenient to public transportation, this is the place. The manager, Doug, loves San Francisco and is happy to share his tips for sightseeing. He'll also tell you how to get there. There are plenty of neighborhood restaurants and coffee shops nearby. For coffee, bagels and other morning breakfast fare, be sure to check out Noah's Bagels just one block over on Chesnut.	
Sep 12 2006 	Good hotel - nice room	Nice, clean, comfortable hotel with fairly large rooms and free parking. Great location for Union Street (lots of neighbourhood coffee shops and boutiques) but a bus ride away from all other attractions. This was easy enough though and just one block away.Friendly, helpful staff. Would stay there again.	
Aug 6 2006 	Great value for money!	Much better than I was expecting for the money -- hotels are pretty pricey in san francisco!Room was pretty big, and looked newly decorated. I had a third floor room facing the street, but noise was minimal.No breakfast facilities, but there are loads of food places around the hotel.Bloke on front desk was VERY helpful -- drew maps, gave directions, called cabs, recommended restaurants.Location is good -- a 5 min walk from the marina + views of the bridge, 20 min walk from fisherman's wharf. Felt like a safe neighborhood at night.I would stay there again.	
Jun 25 2006	Great experience at the Chelsea and what a deal!!	Had a great time at the Chelsea Motor Inn this past week. Stayed there for $72 a night Mon-Fri and FREE PARKING wich is invaluable in San Francisco. Motel is located on busy and safe Lombard Street with many other hotels in the area and a pretty easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf. Street can be noisy, but we had a room in the rear of the motel with a nice window with view of city and slept with no problems. But if you are a very light sleeper, keep in mind that you can always hear something. Rooms are very basic, but clean and comfortable. Front desk is nice and can help with any directions you need. I would recommend Chelsea Motor Inn to anybody looking for a great rate for a very nice place to sleep. Not fancy, but not a dump like some of the discount places in San Francisco. If you are looking to be closer to Van Ness and the main tourist spots, then I would probably stay at their sister locations like Coventry Motor Inn, or Lombard Motor inn. Especially if you will do most of your sight seeing by foot.	
Jun 5 2006	The Chelsea continues to be a fine place!	I have stayed at the Chelseas motor Inn several times. I have once again stayed at the Chelsea for 2 nights (May 31-Jun 1, 2006). It was a great place before, but now they have gone and refurbished their rooms with new everything... it was great before, and now is better!I paid $86/night for 2 weeknights.Location is perfect for strolling to the bay, many restaurants are nearby on the side streets, Chestnut St and the other street that I can't remember the name. Free garage parking too!Highly recommended again... and now all the furniture/matresses are even newer.	
May 31 2006	Ideally located	Stayed at the Chelsea Motor Inn for three nights from 8th May. Check in was quick and friendly although the first room we were allocated had not been cleaned or bed changed! After a change of room we were very satisfied despite our room not being part of the on-going refurbishment. Room was spacious and clean and, being in the centre of the hotel was quiet. Well priced for a city hotel with plenty of underground parking. Within walking distance of numerous restaurants, and within easy reach of main attractions. Highly recommended.	
May 14 2006	great location	My husband and I stayed three nights at the Chelsea Motor Inn at the beginning of May. Although we did not have a car, we found the location to be fabulous and within walking distance to everything. We asked for a quiet room and we barely heard any noise. The room was quite spacious and comfortable. Sure, there was a bit of wear and tear, but nothing to complain about. The price was very reasonable and the staff were extremely helpful. We took a shuttle to the hotel from the airport which allowed us to see various parts of downtown San Francisco. The front desk arranged a cab back to the airport for us and our driver was very fast. The neighbourhood around the hotel is very laid back and Chestnut Street is a great to street to find places to hang out and eat. We walked everywhere and did not feel the need to use public transportation at all. This motor inn would be great for families as well. We will definitely stay at the Chelsea Motor Inn when we return to San Francisco.	
Apr 19 2006	Excellent location great price but you get what you pay for!	This place was located in an incredibly convenient location...especially to bus lines. Very easy to navigate city from here. The desk staff was very friendly. The rooms were clean with exception of a few carpet stains and the free wi fi was a great bonus. Definitely ask for a room not facing the street. It gets a bit loud. I used earplugs every night. Also, if you can, try to stay on the 3rd Floor. They just renovated it (as in finished April '06). Stayed for 4 nights and was quite pleased with everything. There are great restaurants nearby as well as cheap fast food. Felt safe! Definitely great place for price.	
Mar 27 2006	Loud	Within walking distance of Piers. Price wasn't bad. People were very helpful. Room was clean but dated. Beds were uncomfortable. It was right on the street and very noisy. Traffic and drinkers from the bar across the street made it difficult for a light sleeper.	
Mar 18 2006	Pleasantly surprised!	My two young children and I went to SF for the first time and stayed at the motor inn. We were very surprised at the cleanliness of the rooms (considering the low prices offered). The sheets, pillow cases, bed spreads, and towels all smelled fresh. The maids came daily and changed all the towels. The carpet was a little run-down, but nevertheless, clean. The room was big and allowed my children to &quot;run&quot; around. It is located in a good area, with a lot of activities/restaurants within walking distance. You can hear a lot of traffic at night - but that was part of &quot;SF&quot; living. It actually helped me sleep! Since I had two young children, we took our rental car everywhere. The motor inn offered free parking - a definite plus. There is a laundry facility about 200 ft. from the inn - very convenient for extended vacationers. The front desk people were helpful in providing information for tourists. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 24 2006	Great Hotel Great Location Excellent Service	First of all, this hotel was very, very clean. Inside and out. Even the area surrounding the hotel was clean and no panhandlers in site. The employees at the front desk were completely hospitable and made you feel welcome. We started our stay on the first floor which was a little noisy due to the street noise. We asked to be moved and were moved to the 3rd floor, no questions asked. The hostess even brought the new keys right up to us moments later. The employees were so courteous...every one of them.The rooms were nicely decorated. The beds were very comfortable. There is a table and comfortable chairs in front of a wall length bay window to enjoy the view from. The location was great with just a half block to the 30 bus line which goes to the Wharf. There is free ground parking right on the location. Very safe and secure with key entry into the elevator. Plenty of places to eat on the same block...fast food and sit down. We could see the Golden Gate Bridge from room 319.We will stay here again and would recommend this hotel to friends and family (anyone for that matter) PS...the staff is exceptional!!!	
Jan 2 2006	Great location at a fair value	Overall this hotel was adequate in terms of the price and service. Rooms were clean, location was perfect. We came to San Francisco for New Years and almost all hotels were booked except for this one! The price was a little higher due to New Years Eve but it was close enough to the nightlife and coffee shops.	
Nov 26 2005	Ideal Location	We stayed 3 nights during our budget Las Vegas/San Francisco &quot;Road trip&quot;. The Hotel was fine. Very clean and Tidy - Quite large for the price. The location is Ideal - on Lombard Street. The price included parking (If you've not been to S.F. - you soon realise Parking is a nightmare and expensive!) and internet access (Handy for using VoIP to talk to family back home in the UK). There were plenty of Places to eat (As the Receptionist explained - &quot;Every 3 feet there's somewhere!&quot;) - with Mel's Diner just a few doors down - a classic U.S. Diner (With very loose ties to the film America Graffitti?) - Handy for breakfast. We walked to the Warf twice (Although the bus stop is just around the corner - We got fed up waiting!). It only took 15-20 mins as it not too &quot;hilly&quot;. Traffic noise wasn't a problem for us (Not as noisey as Las Vegas - where we'd come from!). Without wanting this to sound like an employees review - to be honest we couldn't fault anything. (The staff even helped when we realised we'd left some clothes in the wardrobe after we'd left). We'd definitely recommend this place and stay again!	
Nov 7 2005	Nice Place	Stayed at the Chelsea in mid-October for six nights. Nice, clean hotel. Great house-keeping staff (tip them alittle each day). We had room, 315, third floor overlooking Lombard. Alittle noisey but it was ok. Nice view of the towers of the Golden Gate Bridge, plus with a little effort looking towards the northeast over the billboards you could see the cellblock of Alcatraz.Alot of bars and restaurants within walking distance and if you are in good shape The Wharf, North Beach, Russin Hill and even the Golden Gate Bridge.Highly recommend it for the price and location.	
Nov 6 2005	Good Value but Sometimes Noisy	Stayed here for 5 nights. Large rooms and clean. No real extras like pool or safes. Free parking and transit system outside door. Many restaurants within walking distance. It is noisy at times; Bar on one side of hotel,Fire Station just up street and hotel is on main street going through city.	
Oct 29 2005	nice but noisy		
Oct 11 2005	No Criticisms		
Aug 29 2005	Great neighborhood!		
Aug 8 2005	Nice Price Nice Place		
May 30 2005	Great Neighborhood for Walks		
Apr 10 2005	Recommended!		
Jan 10 2005 	Very good experience		
Jul 8 2004	I like this hotel		
Feb 6 2004	Quaint and Nice....		
Sep 2 2003	Good hotel in nice neighbourhood		
Oct 10 2009 	hotel bien placer et de qualitée prix		
Aug 9 2007	schönes hotel		
