Nov 9 2009 	Good hotel had a great stay. Wish all courtyard's could be like this.	Stayed here for a quick stay over in San Francisco. At check the friendly desk staff gave me a nice room with a view. The room was spacious, clean and well equipped. The only thing missing was a safe in the room. A large flat screen TV was present but the really cool thing was that the connections for the TV where available from a wall socket. So plugging in your laptop to play a movie on the big screen is easy ! The hotel is quite spacious and has a Starbucks attached to the entrance. There's a bar on the other side of the lobby as well. Also the lobby has a small outside square which is great to get some fresh air. The hotel is situated in walking (10 mins) distance from all the shops on market street &amp; union square. A shuttle server to the airport is available for $16 p/p.I'll definitely come back here again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Confortable Stay	Pros- Comfortable modern hotel (like all other Marriotts)- Nice beds and room decor (quiet with no street noise)- Lots of taxis right outside the door- Most rooms have a sofabed and either a King or 2 Queens so you can accomodate 3-4 adults in a pinch-Free internet access - staff were attentive, courteous and professionalCons- Location - too far from the happening Union square area and is consequently dead at night- Breakfast is not included so you're stuck with their overpriced buffet (avoid at all costs - the pastries were old and stale) or alternatively head into the Starbucks and grab a morning snack. Unfortunately, due to their location there are no breakfast eateries close by.BottomlineI would have no problems recommending this hotel or staying here again on a future visit to San Francisco.	
Oct 13 2009 	Awesome view	This hotel is located in downtown San Francisco, very convenient for shopping. My room was nice and clean and I had a great view. I'd book a room here again.	
Oct 13 2009 	Very nice hotel in the financial district!	I stay at this hotel often for work. It's a great location and very easy to get to and from. The rooms are always very clean and my stay is always very nice. Their pool is kind of in the dungeon-y basement area, but it's a nice sized pool for relaxing at the end of a long day. I look forward to staying here every time I'm in San Francisco.	
Oct 7 2009 	Met our needs and it was inexpensive	I can't say i enjoyed staying here like i have at some other marriotts I have stayed at but at the end of the day it met my expectations. Those expectations were that it was clean, quiet, it supplied a crib for my 3 month old son, and it seemed relatively safe. As a bonus it is close to almost everything I wanted to see. (Fisherman's wharf, market, ferry to Alcatrez, etc...) Parking very expensive but we found that you can pay for a day in their parkade starting in the morning and don't have to leave until the night of the next day. Almost a two for one deal:-) Otherwise we found parking on the street although my husband mentioned he didn't feel altogether safe walking back alone to the hotel after parking. Overall a good basic hotel that gets the job done.	
Oct 6 2009 	Does its job well.	Stayed for 5 nights in SF.Hotel is just off Market Street in a quiet area, well it was when we stayed - Bay Bridge was closed for repairs.Close to Market Street to fully utilise SF's good public transport system. Buses, Cable, Trams etc.Close to AT&amp;T park as went to see the Giants one night.A few good restaurants close by we checked out - Umbria (Italian) &amp; Anchor &amp; Hope (Seafood)Room we had was very large, very clean and caught the morning sun.Not expensive and value for money.	
Oct 5 2009 	This is a Courtyard? Really nice hotel downtown	Wow, this hotel was such a nice treat. Great public areas, great staff, super nice room (big).The food in the restaurant was great, nice bar, and a happening Starbucks. For a really good price. I highly recommend this hotel for business or pleasure.	
Oct 4 2009 	Central location great weekend rates.	We stayed here for a long weekend trip and were very pleased. The Courtyard by Marriott is excellent for a quick weekend getaway in San Francisco without having to rent a car. This location is primarily intended for business travelers and has few tourist amenities. The rooms were clean comfortable and affordable. They feature large flat screen TVs and free wired Wi-Fi. In the lobby there is a Starbucks that is open during the day till 2pm. Our room was on the top floor and had some nice bridge and city views. The hotel also has a small snack bar next to the front desk. The hotel restaurant and bar looked much underused on the weekend but San Francisco has too many good food choices in any price range to consider hotel food. We did try an Indian fast food restaurant and a Chinese restaurant that were two blocks away and open weekends. Both were very good and inexpensive.The Hotel is very centrally located in the financial district. This means on weekends, restaurant choices are limited and the streets are quiet in the evening. The hotel is walking distance to a trolley line, bus lines and the Montgomery BART station. We purchased a three day MUNI bus and trolley pass at the airport and had no problem getting to all of the sights.If you are a tourist seeking a clean, comfortable inexpensive place this hotel fits the bill. Be sure to check out the special weekend rates.	
Oct 3 2009	Very nice hotel	This was a very nice hotel. The rooms were a good size and very nicely decorated as well as very clean. One the lower floors there is street noise so if you are sensitive to that I would request a higher floor. It is near the financial district so we took cabs to most places we went but it was also quieter and away from the hussle and bussle on some busier streets. Overall I feel it was a good value. Breakfast in the morning is very overpriced. Go elsewhere if you can.	
Sep 22 2009 	Nice hotel comfortable beds	We stayed at the Courtyard for a convention at the Moscone Center. It was about a 3 block walk from the hotel to the convention; not too bad, there is one block of a steeper incline that can challenge those that are less physically fit. The Powell/Hyde cable car line is about a 5 block walk to get to, the F line trolley car lets off at 2nd street and its about a 2 block walk and there are several bus lines that run a few blocks away. The only transportation we did not utilize was the BART (subway) or a taxi. The shuttle transfer from the airport and back was very convenient and easy to use. Our room was on the top floor, #18. We very rairley heard neighbors; the only noise we heard occaisionally was the wind but we got used to that after the first night. We had a nice view of the AT&amp;T stadium and a cruise ship docked at port. Our room was always clean and neat and I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful on all occasions. We used the pool and hot tub several days during our stay...we never saw another soul using the facilities...amazing for such a large hotel; the hot tub felt great after a long day walking around the city. We took a long bus trip out to Yosemite park...a must see if you manage it. I loved the park and want to see more, the few hours we had was not enough. Overall I had a fantastic time in SF, the people were friendly and there were lots of things to see, it was easy to get around and I enjoyed the hotel.	
Sep 9 2009 	I love this hotel - service is spot on	I have stayed at the Courtyard by Marriott Downtown San Francisco. This is my 6th time at this hotel over the past two years.The rooms are always clean and comfortable and there is free high speed internet. If you didn't bring your computer they offer free computers in the lobby.They offere a small indoor pool and great hot tub that is in doors as well.It's nice having a starbucks in the lobby.Ask for a room tier 22 on a high floor for a great view of the bay bridge	
Sep 9 2009 	Good Hotel for All Around Visit to SF	Stayed at this hotel, very nice property and the room was reasonably priced. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful, two room suite was very clean and well appointed. Since I had not spent a lot of time in SF I generally wasn't aware of the cost of the city. Very high, everywhere, especially for food, that's not of the fast food variety. In the hotel itself, $16 for a room service burger and $18 for the breakfast buffet. Strangely, the Starbucks in the hotel and 24 snack bar were priced very reasonably. There are generally no pizza chains such as Round Table, that I could find. We ordered local pizza and had it delivered to the hotel, which was very good but expensive ($58 for two pizzas with salad). We went to a Giants game, ATT park is only .7miles from the hotel and there is a very cheap all day parking lot for $8 which we parked at for the game. Bought tickets the day of the game (ATT Park is awesome). Giants tickets are not overly expensive except for behind home plate ($77 compard to $43 or so at Coors Field). Most hotels in the city have a parking fee, the Marriot's was $50. It's a valet service with unlimited privileges and I can say that SF is one of the worst places to take a car and then try to find parking. All in all a great hotel with great service. We went to many other locations in the city and didn't really feel like there was someplace else that was better in terms of location. SF is fairly easy to get around in with a car. Lots of boutique type restaurants and many are hidden, local knowledge is helpful to a good dining experience.	
Sep 9 2009 	Very good but not so good as the others marriot	I’ve chosen that hotel because I’ve always been enthusiastic about Marriot hotels. However that one wasn’t like I expected. OK, the room is very clean and comfortable. Internet with printer at the reception (nice facility). However we were 4 and everyday we were obliged to ask for more shampoo and bath-soap (they just put one for each day). One day the service room entered in the room 5 seconds after knocking the door. They could have waited a little bit more, I don’t have time enough to open the door by myself. The swimming pool was broken and I couldn’t manage to get miles because the reservation was in my father’s name… Ok… I prefer the NHs Hotels in Spain. Similar category, but some details are better.Despite of all (which I consider minors problems considering the global quality of the hotel), I still recommend the Marriot and I think that is a very good hotel. Pd. Better find a parking nearby, we managed to find one with a really good price (we stayed 5 days). 45 dollars is too much expensive! I don’t remember the place but we managed to pay just 20 dollars and it was 5 min. walking. 	
Sep 1 2009 	Very Pleased	My wife and I stayed at the Courtyard for 4 nights and we were very pleased we choose this property for our stay. We asked for a high floor on the off street side which was accommodated by TJ with no problem.He gave us a 16th floor end of the hall suite overlooking downtown and it was perfect..We didn't hear nothing for the entire 4 night stay!!We literally thought the Hotel was ours alone for the duration of the stay. All the staff was friendly when we seen them and the room was defiantly among the top we have stayed in San Francisco...Its 4 blocks to the BART Montgomery Station and AT&amp;T park is 4 blocks the opposite direction.We have been to San Fran many times and this is one of the places I would return to with no Hesitation.	
Aug 31 2009 	No notice of closed pool for renovation!	We reserved our room at the Courtyard by Marriott months in advance for this family vacation. One VERY important element of any of our hotel reservations is that the hotel must have a pool for our kids. Well, we arrive at the Courtyard by Marriott only to be told the pool is closed for renovation. Are you kidding me?? The staff apologized and said that we could use the pool at the Conference Center Marriott (a 10-12 minute walk) for a fee of $10 per person. Are you kidding me?? After stating my displeasure they said they would pay for the Marriott pool fee for us - thanks but no thanks. Why not notify us about the pool renovation in their confirmation email we received just days before our arrival?? This is the second year in a row we had issues with a Courtyard by Marriott hotel - last year we arrived at another Courtyard by Marriott only to find out they gave our room away and had no room for us...	
Aug 29 2009 	Average hotel bit disappointing and wouldn't stay here again	Booked the hotel online for a reasonable rate and had expected a good hotel for the Marriot name. Front desk staff were helpful and friendly and check-in was smooth. The room however was gloomy, smelly and was not attractive. I was pretty disappointed. Internet was free though. Bathroom was equally unimpressive.Used the gym which was okay but given that the hotel was very very busy, there was often a wait for a machine (there were very few machines). Never used the pool. Location was not the best. I was in San Francisco for work and didn't have a car so walked a lot (which is fine in San Francisco) but south of Market can be pretty quiet and a little bit eery. Had a strange experience with the concierge when organising a car to take me to a business meeting. He seemed intent in booking a car for me for the return journey when I only needed one way and also to the airport when I wasn' t sure I'd need it a few days in advance. When I didn't use the return journey with the care service (and the car driver knew this and hadn't expected me either) I received a phone call from the concierge asking me my whereabouts and if I had used a car service etc for all of my journeys. I'm not really used to having to explain my whereabouts to a hote! Given his keen interest in my travel plans I can only assume he receives some kind of fee if I used the car service he had called for me. It was pushy and not a positive experience. The restaurant was fine, breakfast was good and staff were generally very helpful and friendly.	
Aug 25 2009 	Total Let Down	So first thing we check in, and on the counter is a letter stating that the pool is down for maintainence, which I thought, if it had been planned, couldn't they have told us, or if it was unplanned it was ok, BUT THEN, they had the audacity to say that we could use the Marriott on 4th's pool FOR $10 bucks a day. That was ridiculous.Second, my partner and I forgot Q-tips, so I call down to the front desk to ask for some &quot;We don't have any, but you can PURCHASE some from the Marketplace&quot; Really? I've stayed at many Marriotts and never not been able to get basic toiletries from the hotel if I've forgotten them.Third, the Starbucks on-site, in what was a crowded hotel, which caters to business travellers and tourist who are in and out all day, closed at 2pm on the weekdays and 12pm on the weekends. And they were the only Starbucks for a couple blocks. Not customer friendly.Fourth, there was no WiFi in the rooms. I have never stayed at a Marriott without WiFi available.This was the worst Marriott hotel I've ever been to and will not return to this location.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great downtown location and great package value	Our family of three traveled to San Francisco in mid-August for vacation. We wanted a downtown location to provide a different type of experience and the convenience of the cable cars and other tourist areas. We booked our hotel through Marriott's site which was the best deal. I specifically was looking for a 1 bedroom suite and the room we stayed in was fabulous. We purchased the escape romantic package as value of the complimentary valet parking each night, breakfast for two both mornings, and complimentary bottle of champagne far exceeded the normal price for the room-alone. We only paid $30 more per night for these amenities.The room was a corner suite on the 12th floor, and was by far the largest suite we've stayed in. It had a large coach and chaise lounge, huge bar area. The dressing area between the bedroom and large bathroom as quite large as well. You have to use the valet to park unless you choose one of the parking lots nearby. Since it was included in our package, we obviously used it. We didn't have to wait more than 10 minutes at any time to get our car. The breakfast is buffet style and kids 12 and under eat free. They have quiet a variety and it was easy to get in and out of quickly. The bar and grill area is small. Don't be in a rush for drinks or dinner, though -- the service was quite slow. The wait staff seemed more interested in talking to each other and guests, than actually providing service. It does close down fairly early (10pm) I believe, but you can get individual beers at a very reasonable price in their small market area. The food was OK -- not much selection and we only opted for it as we got in late and didn't want to wander out. If given a choice, I wouldn't recommend it as there was not much to offer, especially for kids, and the price was a bit high. The lobby area was quite large as it offered nice seating area, the convenience of Starbucks, and a nice outdoor seating area. The location is good as it is very convenient to Hwy 101. All-in-all, it was a great location, very well-kept hotel, and the value was excellent.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great Hotel	This is an absolutely recommendable hotel for your stay in San Francisco. We stayed there for 4 nights. Very nice and clean rooms, very safe, but centrally located area and a nice pool and gym area (That all sounds enthusiastic, but I don`t get payed for writing this, I am from Germany and was travelling with my family through CA. and we really enjoyed our stay there). The parking was very expensive : 49 $ incl. tax, so you better look for a public parking, that is only half the price. Staff was very friendly, all in all: absolutely recommendable !	
Aug 6 2009 	perfect location for SF Giants fans	we originally booked the Courtyard at Fishermans Wharf so were hesitant when told that we were moved downtown, however we never regreted the stay - its got all the amnities you are used when travelling on business expect for a fridge - anyway a HUGE PLUS for SF Giants fans from abroad as this hotel is located just a stroll away from the AT&amp;T ballpark and in fact you can see many people walking back to the hotel after the games...&quot;	
Aug 4 2009 	A Good Choice At A Reasonable Price	We stayed at this hotel for a week at the end of July. It is a little bit further away from the crowds in the main part of the city, but is only an easy 5 minute walk from the shops and BART/MUNI in one direction and about 10 minutes from the AT&amp;T stadium in the other.We booked one of the suites and were really glad that we did. The lounge area had 2 large sofas that were great for chilling out on after a hard days sightseeing. Another plus is the free internet access that is provided, and if you dont travel with a laptop there is internet access available in the lobby/lounge areas.We actually ate breakfast in the hotel most mornings, even though it is the traditional american buffet, it was always well cooked and hot and the service from the staff was attentive at all times. There is also a bar which we only went to once as it seemed expensive.Because this is a business district there didn't seem to be many places to eat in the evenings locally, there is a fantastic italian restaurant across the road which is well worth a visit as the food is top quality and a decent price - just be aware the manager (?) is a little unusual!!!!!	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Location for Giants Baseball	My wife and I came down from northern California to see a Giants baseball game on Saturday. Marriott.com had good specials for the weekend and we booked online. It was a little hard to find, probably because we're not used to the city, but once there everything went smoothly. The place is located right down town. We walked right to the ball park. We felt like we had a great location to walk to just about anywhere to get food and drinks. Very nice, clean stay. Quiet room.Keep in mind:$50 to park, unless you get a package deal, vallet only.Lounge closes at 11 and is not a place I'd recommend.Staff was great, helpful, friendly.	
Jul 9 2009 	Return was Good	I last stayed here before I started writing reviews for Tripadviser. I am happy to see it is still a good hotel. Check-in was welcoming, and I didn't even have to ask for a high floor, they gave me a room on the 15th, which was really comfortable, I relaxed in there for 3 hours before I went out again. The rate of $129 a night was a bargain for such a big-size room with a view, and free Internet. It was relatively quiet in my room and on my floor. Very relaxing. The bed was comfortable, especially the back rest. Only inconveniences and they were slight, was that the thermostat in the room was hard to control. Also, the location of the hotel was further from the Bart than I remembered, but once you get to the subway, it is a quick ride to the airport.	
Jul 8 2009 	Marriott Courtyard A Good Choice	Very nice hotel, and got a great rate.Traveled with spouse and extended family, with two little ones. We had adjoining rooms and were very comfortable. Beds a bit firm for my taste, and the room a bit stuffy. Starbucks in lobby was convenient and courtyard was nice for eating breakfast. We parked on the street, which was great.	
Jul 7 2009 	A very nice hotel in SOMA.	A very nice hotel in SOMA. We prefer staying in hotels not in the touristy area and this is a very good choice. The parking is very expensive, but there is free street parking on Sundays which I recommend.	
Jul 6 2009 	Excellent Staff Clean and Convenient	Spent two nights at this hotel over July 4th holiday. Staff was very accomodating and they keep the place clean and comfortable. Valet service was particularly good and I was impressed that the staff did not seem to expect tips although they accepted them greatfully when offered.	
Jun 22 2009 	I don't know how it could have been better	Clean, comfortable, very nice, new-feeling rooms. Free broadband internet is a big plus. The hotel is a very do-able walk from just about all the tourist areas except Fisherman's Wharf -- but with SF's great public transportation system, getting around really isn't an issue. It's in a quieter area, which I find more pleasant than the busier locations. It's close to AT&amp;T Park. Also close to two excellent brew pubs, 21st Amendment and the Thirsty Bear. Check them out. This property seems to be priced below the market rate, but don't let that fool you. It is a very nice hotel... the price makes it a real steal.	
Jun 19 2009 	Nice hotel convenient location	Nothing amazing, but clean and comfortable. Decent little fitness center and a small pool. I stayed here three nights and walked to Moscone (West) and back each day for conference. Took a little over 5 minutes to walk. It was also close to the Montgomery BART station which made it easy to get to SFO when my stay was complete.	
Jun 17 2009 	Awesome Hotel Choice!	Clean, friendly, nice rooms, safe, convenient location, free wi-fi, close to transit systems, street parking is free on weekends. Thoroughly enjoyed our visit.	
Jun 16 2009 	Nice Spot	I just returned from a two night stay at this Courtyard Marriott. I frequently travel to San Francisco, but this was my first time staying in SOMA (South of Market). The hotel itself was quite nice, very new and clean. Staff was courteous at check in/check out and were helpful and friendly even though it was a hectic two days for the hotel with a big event. We were in a smallish room with a queen bed and a pull out couch. We had a bit of a view on the 12th floor and could see the Bay Bridge. One odd thing was that they do not have wireless internet, you have to actually plug in. Granted they provide you a cord to do so, but it is 2009 and I haven't been tethered to a desk in a long time, it didn't seem to fit the new hotel vibe. The area is definitely a weekday type place, as it is where many office buildings are. If you are there on the weekend be warned that many of the coffee shops, sandwich shops etc. are not open. On Saturday you are within a 15 minute walk to the Ferry Building Farmers Market, which is a can't miss event. In addition, you are about a 10 minute walk to AT&amp;T Park to see the Giants play, which seems to be a huge draw for the hotel. Fisherman's Wharf is walkable, but it's a hike, about a 45 minute walk, moving quickly, but there are always trolleys and other means of transportation. Also if you have kids the Yerba Buena Gardens are about 4 blocks away and they have a great playground and grassy area. Parking as is the case with any San Francisco hotel is quite expensive, about $50 a day. They do have a gym, which had some cardio and weights and a pool and jacuzzi. We did not try the restaurant or the bar. There is a great Italian restaurant a half a block away, you can see it from the front entrance of the hotel, and it's called Umbria. Very nice food!	
Jun 10 2009 	Good choice for families	We stayed in a 1-bedroom suite for 3 nights. Front desk staffs were prompt and professional. The suite was spacious, clean and comfortable. It has a microwave, a small refrigerator and ample storage space. We travelled with 2 young boys (6 &amp; 8), and they slept on a queen size sofabed in the sitting room comfortably. The hotel is about 5 minutes walk to Market Street, and 15 minutes walk to the cable car station and Union Square. We like this hotel because it is not right in the center of a busy area. It is in a quieter area, and it is more pleasant to walk around compared to Union Square and Chinatown where there are constant flow of traffic and pedestrians during the day. It can be a little unnerving walking with kids during peak hours. We also walked to Ferry Building from our hotel (about 15 minutes) to check out a farmers market (which opens on Sundays only, I think??) Great place to go to if you are a food lover/adventurer. If you walk towards Market Street from the hotel, you will find a few restaurants and pubs (sandwiches shops, pizza, Thai, Japanese). There is also an Indian resturanant (food's ok) and a convenient store directly across the hotel. We also liked the fact that the hotel has an indoor pool (only 3 ft deep; great for kids!) in case we had to stay in due to bad weather. Room service is fast, pricey and only of average quality (considering the price). And YES, we will definitely return to this hotel again when in SF. We paid $179++ for the 1-bdrm suite, and we thought it was a good price compared to other hotels in the area at that time.	
Jun 9 2009 	JavaOne Conference	It was exceptional quality service. Though I had done an online booking, I did not have to wait once I reached there; it was as if they were waiting for me to arrive. I really liked it.	
Jun 7 2009 	Clean new hotel with great location	We arrived 2 hours early hoping to just stash our bags, and were pleasantly surprised when told our room was ready. The room itself was comfortable, with an LCD tv, comfy king bed, sofa, coffee maker, but no fridge. The room was moderately sized, bigger than many of the older hotels in SF. The heated indoor pool and jacuzzi were a nice plus. The room rate was very reasonable, but valet parking cost us over 1/3 of what we paid for the room itself. Even so, the combined cost was still a pretty good deal. I would stay here again.	
Jun 1 2009 	Excellent deal!	We got a $103 rate for two nights - the place was quiet and very comfortable, the staff was friendly and accommodating, and the location granted walking access to museums and the farmer's market/Embarcadero.In/Out Parking is expensive - but that's true for any place you stay.Amazing!	
Jun 1 2009 	Pragmatic Stay; typical Courtyard experience	My stay here at the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown location was for a single night. I was able to check in early with no problems (not always the case due to availability) and did not request a late check out, nor did I interact further with the staff, other than the housekeeper who came initially around 9am to see if I had checked out yet, which was not an issue at all.This is a downtown hotel; is is within walking distance to a BART station. This was handy as I arrived into SFO airport and left the area on the BART system the next day. Hotel is short distance to Walgreens. I can't attest to parking rates or policies since I didn't have a vehicle.Internet in room is wired and free. I didn't use this hotel for anything other than a single night stayover. (Breakfast is NOT complimentary.) Overall, nothing fancy; but clean, modern and up-to-date.	
May 31 2009 	Pleasent stay at the Courtyard!	I stayed here for a conference that was being held at the hotel. I usually stay at the Hilton San Francisco though because the meeting was being held at the Courtyard I decided that it was easiest to stay there. For $199 I got valet parking privileges and the room all included. Check-in was fast and easy. Even though I have no status with Marriott I got one of the rooms on a high floor. The room was very nice (much nicer then Hilton’s) with a plasma TV, comfy bed, nice furnisher, and my favorite: free wifi. I also got a 2pm check-out with no problem. I loved the indoor pool and Jacuzzi as well!They had some free on-demand movies/you tube clips on the TV which my collegue and I really enjoyed. 'David at the Dentist' anyone?I think next time I would still stay at the Hilton just because I am a gold member there so I get a free full breakfast and upgrade. Also, they are usually a bit less expensive even when you include parking. Nonetheless, I still had a very pleasant stay!	
May 19 2009 	Great Value in Pricey City	I've previously stayed in the Fishermans Wharf area but wanted a change without breaking the bank. The good price and reviews lead me to try this hotel. If you are not familiar with San Francisco it may seem a bit out tof the way but we walked most places with no problems. It's only 15 minutes to Union Square and we walked to Pier 39 in about 45 minutes. If you are comfortable walking or using the local public transport the location is fine as a base. The room was fairly quiet considering the city centre location and it was spacious and clean. Overall I was happy with my choice, I would have paid much more for the same standard of accomodation in a more popular &quot;tourist&quot; part of the city.	
Feb 27 2009 	A good value hotel	We stayed here with 2 children 8 and 6 for a week in February. We booked it because of the price and the indoor pool. When we got to the hotel we upgraded our room for $50 a night to a King Bed suite- the kids slept on a sofa bed in the living room! Excellent - lots of space and privacy! The kids liked the pool that opened at 5am, as they were on uk time, they had already been awake for 2 hours so it was a perfect way to while away some time before breakfast. I don't understand why people say it is not near anywhere, it is a 5-10 minute walk from the Museum of Modern Art, the Yerba Buena gardens, which has zeum, a great museum for kids, bowling and an icerink. It is 10 minute from union Square. 5 minutes from a bus stop that gets you to all the waterside attractions. There are restaurants all around. It is a good city hotel for the money you pay,	
Feb 19 2009 	Disappointing	We returned from a two night stay at this Marriott Courtyard. The hotel itself has some positive features to offer, however, the service is terrible. Our stay started out fine, but ended on a very sour note.The pro's:- Clean newer hotel- Starbuck's inside the hotel (although it closes very early)- Computers/printers in the lobby area for guest useThe con's:- Small rooms- Thin walls- Location- not within walking distance to anything interesting- Parking fees- $45 + taxes a day- Rude service- from the bellman to the front desk- Indoor Pool is more like a small &quot;wading pool&quot; as it's only 3 ft deep and small- The restaurant prices are over the top- good food, but very expensiveWe encountered an issue while staying at the hotel- they closed the pool for practically the entire time we were there- making a very unhappy 6 year old, especially since it was cold and rainy outside. When we brought our complaint about specifically booking a hotel with an indoor pool (and we even called ahead to make sure the pool was open) the front desk manager was not at all concerned, nor did they offer any acceptable solutions- except to tell us that the pool was just an &quot;amenity&quot; and that we could transfer to another marriott - and pay a higher rate- totally unacceptable.I will definitely stay at another hotel when I return to SF- due to the poor service, the bad location, and our overall experience.Avoid headaches- stay at the Hyatt or Hilton instead.	
Feb 14 2009 	Very impressed with this Courtyard Marriott.	Great hotel in downtown area, within walking distance to most attractions and business needs. Staff was exceptional. Rooms very clean and spacious. Beds comfortable and with two teens, it was great to have a pull out bed. Only one warning: Restaurant prices are over the top. For example, there was no buffet available during our stay so we had to order off the menu. Everything is priced separately. Sample price-two eggs, toast, homefries and bacon will run you about $25 a plate. The service and quality of the food was excellent, however, the price was not in line with traditional restaurants in major cities. The only other tip is to be prepared for the $50 per night parking charge. (after tips) Very typical for most cities. (our room rate was $134 booked via Marriott website) Overall: Highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 3 2009 	Modern and Clean with Pool	I stayed in 3 properties while on my vacation in SF and I have to say that this was my favourite property, the one that I would choose to go back to. The upside of this hotel is that it is very modern and fairly new (built in 2000). It felt refreshing to be in the room, after a long day. It has a swimming pool and this is quite a rare find in the core SF area. The gym was also adequate. The room was spotlessly clean and the staff I encountered were professional and attentive. Complimentary internet access in the room was a plus, considering many of the hotels of this scale do charge. The bed was also comfortable and room was decent size. There is Starbucks on site, as well as Jasmine's for breakfast. There is also a bar and lounge called Whispers, great for business travelers looking for a drink in the evening.I think it's a great hotel for someone looking to be near the convention center (Moscone). It is also walking distance (8-15 min) to BART station and Westfield Shopping Center.Overall, a nice stay, I will stay at this hotel again when I'm in SF.	
Dec 25 2008 	Great convention hotel	I stayed here 4 nights for a scientific / medical convention. This was a great choice - it was $40-70/night cheaper ($50-90 when you consider internet access) than the bigger hotels next to the Moscone Convention Center but only 2.5 blocks away. The hotel is relatively new, and the rooms are large, newly decorated and comfortable. I had a king room with a sofa and coffee table. The room had a large flat screen TV and free wired internet. The only downsides were the small bathroom and the lack of view of my 6th floor room (it stared right into the offices across the street). The staff are friendly and competent. It is about 2.5 long city blocks from the nearest BART station and 10-15 min by foot to Union Square and 15 min to Chinatown.	
Dec 11 2008 	Nice Hotel in SOMA	Rooms were comfortable. Walking distance to the Moscone Center and shopping. Close to public transportation. Only negative was that there was no wifi in the rooms. Would have been nice to have that.	
Nov 25 2008 	Comfortable hotel near Moscone Convention Center	My husband and I stayed in a suite at the Marriott Courtyard. It had a king bed in one room and a nice size sitting area in the other room. There was a door to close to the bedroom. I had to get up early for my conference and I could sleep while he stayed up. The price was the best I could find for a suite near the convention center. The staff was helpful. The seating area in the lobby was functional. There is a bar and a restaurant which was over priced as are most hotels.There is a Starbucks off the lobby and a tasty India restaurant across the street. It was a three block walk to the convention center. The whirlpool was not working in the hot tub. There is a nice little balcony with seating by the pool. We would definitely return to this hotel.	
Nov 9 2008	Management is tops	We stayed at the Courtyard for the San Francisco Nike Women's Marathon. We found the staff, and bellmen specifically to be FAR above par. They went the extra mile in EVERYTHING to make sure that we enjoyed our experience and to ensure that we felt &quot;at home.&quot; They were very efficient with handling our luggage before check in and prior to check out. The hotel has a Starbucks in the lobby, a well kept work out facility, fresh complimentary water and coffee, and a VERY clean atmosphere. The beds were wonderfully comfortable. TV's are updated and a great size. The location is perfect. Within a mile walk of Fisherman's Wharf and the entire &quot;Pier&quot; experience...a streetcar ride away from all of the the listed above. A short walk to the well known &quot;Union Square&quot; shopping...and very central to all public transportation. The bellhops had superb directions/ maps, and more to offer on suggestion than most &quot;upscale&quot; concierge services even offer!	
Oct 21 2008 	Excellent business choice	I stayed at the Courtyard for four nights for a convention at the Moscone Center. I chose the Courtyard because it was less expensive than other business and branded hotels within a few blocks of the convention center. I booked through the Marriott website and had a rate of $199 per night.The hotel looks to be newer. Everything is clean and working perfectly. The lobby is inviting. My room was on the 8th floor and faced northwest. My room had a king-sized bed, a couch (pull-out sleeper), and a desk. The room was comfortable and had plenty of room. The bathroom was also larger than I expected, but it looks to be ADA compliant, hence the extra room. The bed was comfortable, and there were plenty of pillows.The hotel was quiet. I never heard any noise outside my room. The desk staff was friendly and helpful. Check-in was quick. I asked for a restaurant suggestions one night, and I was given several options from which to choose.The hotel is 2.5 blocks from the entrance to the Moscone Center. It's 3 blocks from Market Street and the Montgomery BART station. There are plenty of restaurants within a few blocks.While I think nearly $200 is a high price for a hotel room, this was cheaper than many rooms in the area, so I will consider it a good value based on the local market.I reserve giving a full 5 rating for truly exceptional stays and values, and this Courtyard comes very close. This hotel has easily earned my rating of 4 and then some. I would definitely stay here again. (CS)	
Sep 5 2008 	Highly recommend Coutyard Marriott downtwon San Francisco	Excellent location, renovated rooms, clean, good value except parking at about $45 a day. But San Francisco parking is expensive everywhere. Car rentals are expensive, but airport taxi is even more. There are a number of restaurants in walking distance.	
Sep 2 2008	Pretty Dang Good	My wife and I stayed both at this hotel and the Courtyard at the Warf and based on just hotel quality, cleanliness, and comfort the downtown Courtyard is far superior.	
Sep 1 2008 	great stay away from the crowd	We stayed 5 nights in a one bedroom suite. We had the King bedroom and our teenage girls had a fold-out couch and roll-away in the sitting room. Plenty of room and other than a little street noise it was pretty quiet. Some neighboring guests decided to host a party at 4am one night and one call to the front desk shut them down pretty quick. There really are many good restaurants within walking distance if you look. The area was clean and as safe as any big city can be, much nicer than union square area. We bought muni passes and got around easily. The buses and underground were fastest. We hit the Starbucks every morning but baked goods are only delivered weekdays. One problem was wireless didn't work in the room so my husband had to take his laptop to the lobby to work. They had two computers for guests but there was always a line waiting and they caused nothing but bad feelings, if you were using. one someone was always giving you the evil eye waiting or vice versa. Most requests and questions were answered quickly. Pool area was small but nice. We had drinks and snacks in the lobby/bar/restaurant area and it was good.	
Aug 26 2008 	Spacious comfortable in-city option	Our room at the Marriott was, for an in-city hotel, very generously sized. We had 2 Q's plus a sofa bed: just perfect for our family that includes teens of opposite genders. The beds are lovely--comfie, great linens (all cotton, triple-sheeted) and the whole room was clean and showed that it's a relatively new place. The location was quieter than some places in the city, but a good 15-20 minute walk from Union Square. Not a problem for our long-legged kids but for little ones, it might be a hefty walk. The hill to the hotel is gentle however, especially compared to hotels on the other side of Market. There are not a lot of eating options in the neighborhood on weekends, as this is a part of town that seems to be where there is more activity Mon-Fri. We found the breakfast too pricey at the restaurant, but there is a Starbuck's in the lobby. We found a cute place in South Park, about 10 minutes walk, to have breakfast one day for about half the price of the hotel restaurant. The kids did order room service for dessert one evening and were pleased with the quality. Front desk staff busy and professional. Clerk named JP was super helpful in getting us the room configuration we needed. Cookies in late afternoon at front desk a bonus! We didn't know there was a pool at the hotel until we got there. A small indoor pool but the setting is nice, with a courtyard off the back. There was also a small excercise room. Parking is very expensive, compared with the rates at this hotel. The attendant told us it was $43/night plus about $6 in taxes--in and out privileges allowed via valet. Since we were not planning to use our car at all for 2 days, this seemed too high. We asked him for other options and he pointed to a building across the street that was $22 per day. No in/out privileges but good for just a safe place to stow the car. We did take our car out on Sunday (paid in the lobby of that building as the garage was closed to enter) and when we returned parked on the street in the same block as the hotel, which was free until 7 a.m Monday. Car was fine in the morning but the meter maid was waiting to make sure we but money in the meter!The Courtyard was a great choice for our family and a good value for the rate paid ($169/weekend AAA rate, booked 3 months in advance).	
Aug 14 2008	Nice Option	Stayed here for 2 nights on business - I heard it was fairly new and the location seemed good. I thought the front desk/lobby area was very efficient and modern, although it always seemed to be noisy because of all the glass and marble floors, etc. Check-in was extremely efficient, I think I was in my room within 5 minutes of walking in the front door. The room was very spacious and one thing I really noticed was the excellent lighting, especially for business travel when you're working in your room at night! Big flat screen TV and very comfortable bed.The only complaint I had is that the walls are pretty thin - one night I was up all night because my next door neighbors were talking very loudly and coming in and out of their room (banging doors) - and I mean all night - til 5:30am. They weren't out-of-control partying, just loud, and I could hear it all! Didn't use the hotel restaurant or fitness center, but I am planning to return next month. Overall a good choice - good restaurants within a few blocks and easy access to taxis and public transport.	
Jul 25 2008 	clean 	We originally had a room booked at the Courtyard Fisherman's Wharf. They oversold the hotel and sent us to the Courtyard Downtown. The staff at the Courtyard Downtown was professional and processed our reservation quickly. The front desk gave us a good recommendation for a pizza delivery and upgraded us to a King Suite for our troubles at the Courtyard Fisherman's Wharf. We were very appreciative of his efforts. The King Suite was very large and clean. There is free internet access in the lobby. Prompt Valet service.	
Jul 22 2008 	great hotel for family group of 5	We were a family group of 5, parents plus 3 older kids 18, 16, 12. The one bedroon suite offered was perfect for us for the 4 nights. Plenty big for comfort; bigger than average one-bed apt in Dublin. 2 rooms, living cum 2nd bedroom with microwave, fridge, sink, coffee machine. Bedroom had a comfortable king. Kids found fold out bed and roll-away bed in living room were comfortable too. A TV in each room which was fab. we were on holidays so not spending too much time in the room but all 5 of us were very pleased with the hotel. Staff absolutely first class. breakfast was only meal we had in hotel.opted for the buffet and it was grand. enough to tide us over until dinner really. walk to union square was about 20 mins.this didnt bother us.had no problem getting taxis if we needed and they were a reasonably priced option - outside of rush-hour anyway! We would stay here again and recommend it highly.	
Jul 6 2008 	Great location and an indoor pool too!	My family and I (wife and 6 yo son) stayed for 7 nights. We selected the hotel because of its proximity to Moscone Convention Center and the presence of a pool. The indoor pool was a big plus, because the weather in SF was about 50 degrees - the pool (and the fitness room) were well kept and opened very early (5 am for the pool) which was very helpful for travelers from the East Coast.Overall the facilities were clean and well maintained. Front desk staff were helpful and friendly. The room was clean with a decent view.The restaurant had a buffet breakfast which was good, although pricey. I ordered something off the menu (ie avoided the buffet) and it took quite a bit more time for preparation and did not come out very appetizing.The location was within a few blocks of Moscone and a few blocks of Market Street. It was about a 15 minute walk (25 minutes with a 6 yo) from the Ferry Building.	
Jun 29 2008 	Perfect location good weekend value	I've stayed at this hotel numerous times when visiting San Francisco on weekends. It is typically a great weekend value compared to other San Francisco hotels, it is clean, there's free WiFi, a Starbucks downstairs, and really the location cannot be beat - 3 blocks from BART/Muni, and Market St. Many of the rooms have great downtown views too.As someone else noted, the gym is not worth going to unless you are a cardio-only person.	
Jun 9 2008 	Not bad	Courtyard (by Marriott) is located just north of the Moscone convention centre. It is still a distance to walk compared to other hotels such as Intercontinental, Marriott and W Hotel.It is near to the financial district but further to Union Square compared to many other hotels but it is within walking distance to Market Street where you can take streetcars, trains, buses etc. It is possible to walk to Union Square and chinatown though.The hotel is near offices and it is quiet unlike hotels near union square where you can hear cable cars and sirens etc. The rooms are simple. You don't get a fridge but they do have a nice flat screen TV. Internet is part of the room rate (at least for me, which is good for business travellers)I was staying at the Hotel Nikko. I thought it was cheaper and clearly better. Having said that, Courtyard by all means is a decent hotel too.The beds are comfortable with good pillows.I didnt try any restaurants in the hotel. So cannot comment on the food.Front desk provides prompt and acceptable services.	
Jun 4 2008 	Clean good food but gym rats beware	I stayed here for a business trip for 2 nights in June. It seems rather newly refurbished or built as the bathrooms have granite and the TV is a flat screen. It was a pretty standard courtyard but the food (dinner) was better than most courtyards. However the food was pricey. The breakfast buffet was 20 bucks and nothing extraordinary. My only real complaint was the gym. It was smaller than my hotel room and had 3 cardio machines, two weight machines and some dumbells. The pool was tiny as well (not a lap pool). So long as your not the buisness type that likes to workout not a big deal. Tip: If you are new to San Fran and would like a view of the Golden Gate bridge while dining there are actually very few choices. The one I tried was Greens at the Fort Mason Center building A. It's about a $15 cab ride away. It's a vegitarian restaurant so it won't be for everyone the food was excellent and the view was amazing.	
Jun 1 2008 	Great stay at the Courtyard	We really enjoyed our 11-night in the Courtyard: as a combined business/leisure trip, we found that the hotel catered perfectly to both groups of travelers. The city view room was spacious, comfortable, and clean. The complimentary high-speed internet always worked; staff and housekeeping were very friendly and efficient. The lobby was also handy for working, with free wifi.	
May 22 2008 	Mediocre at best	When I arrived there was a obnoxious drinking crowd at their bar &quot;whispers,&quot; ans whilst at pool and jacuzzi, forgetting my bathing suit, but tightly wrapped in a large towel became a security beach! I realize this is Northern CA, but lay off the prude Victoreanism. Reporting this to Security &amp; San Francisco Police authorities has become joke's on you. Lighen up, will ya.Thanks for the hospitality.	
May 19 2008 	Comfortable Convenient and Friendly Downtown San Francisco Hotel	May 14 to 17th 2008 – Attending a trade show in San Francisco, I had the opportunity to spend three nights at the Courtyard downtown hotel. I really enjoyed my stay and recommend the hotel highly.Check-in was very fast, taking less than a minute. I received my preference of a room on a high floor, room #1423. The room rate was $229 per night with taxes adding an additional $32. The town was full due to the Heart Rhythm Society meeting.Something that impressed me during my entire stay was how fast the elevator service was. The hotel was full, but I never waited more than about 15 – 30 seconds for an elevator.Room #1423 faces Southwest, towards Moscone Center, two blocks away. It was one of the quietest hotel rooms that I have ever stayed in. I never once heard any noise from either adjacent room or the hallway; amazing! The room was large and seemed very open, probably due to the full wall of windows. One window opened allowing fresh air in, which I appreciated.The room was decorated very nicely with black and white photos of the area on the walls. The bed was very comfortable and lighting excellent. My room had a super comfortable chair and ottoman from which I watched some of the NBA playoffs on the 37” flat-screen TV. I did feel it a shame to have a large high-definition TV without any high-definition programming. The hotel offers a large channel assortment as well as pay-per-view programming.My room had a large work desk with complimentary wired internet service by Ibahn. Download speed was about 4mbs and upload 2.2 mbs when tested with the Speakeasy internet speed test. The office-style chair was comfortable and desk lighting good.The bathroom consisted of a small vanity area and reasonable sized bathroom with a combination tub and shower. Water pressure was excellent and hot water flowed immediately from either the shower or sink. Towels for four were provided. The in-room coffee maker was located on the bath vanity.My colleagues and I had breakfast each day in the hotel dining room. A full menu was available as well as both a full (hot) buffet and continental buffet. I chose the continental buffet which included everything except eggs and meat. The buffet offered four fresh fruits and a large assortment of breakfast breads. The hot buffet was $14 and the cold $11. Both included coffee and juices. Besides the restaurant, there is a full service Starbucks in the hotel.The hotel bar was friendly and comfortable. We watched some of the NBA playoffs on the three large screen TV’s. We did not eat in the bar, but quite a few others had ordered food.There are many good restaurants within a couple of minute walk from the hotel. We ate at Mefil, an Indian restaurant right across the street from the hotel Food and service were excellent! We also had a great Italian dinner at Umbria, a short block away. A good meal was enjoyed at a Thai restaurant on 2nd Street as well as an inexpensive Japanese lunch at Tempura House also on 2nd. There are plenty of good eating choices less than two blocks from the hotel.The hotel has a small, but nice, indoor swimming pool and hydrotherapy pool. Next to the pool is a very well equipped exercise room. All of the equipment looked brand new. Each of the machines had a LCD TV attached to help pass the time.The hotel is about three blocks from the Montgomery BART station, a five minute walk. I saw that valet parking was $43 per day and not much less for other lots in the area. I was glad that did not have a car.Everyone that I came in contact with at the Courtyard was very friendly and helpful. I asked for an early check in and my room was ready. I needed a late check-out and it was granted. I thought the service was excellent and the associates friendly and helpful.	
May 10 2008 	Not a bad stay	I stayed in this hotel with my family while attending JavaOne 2008. There are a lot of positives for this hotel and a few disappointments.Positives 1- It's in a great location. Easy to get on to I 80 and head to Oakland, easy to get to the water front and easy to get to 101 to head to Silicon valley. It's also a nice walk to the Moscone Center 2- We could sleep 5 comfortable in the room (2 queens and a sofa-bed) 3- Great price. For the other hotels in the area, this was a good value. 4- Helpful front desk staffDisappointments 1- The poll is small. The deepest end is 3.5 feet (yes, just a little more than a meter). The shallow end is 3 feet 2- Parking is expensive. $50/night once you include taxes 3- 2 of the 5 nights we had to call housekeeping to get sheets for the sofa-bed. One time it took 3 hours for them to arrive 4- The day we arrived the street that the main entrance was on was closed making it very difficult to get to the hotel.	
May 5 2008 	Great Location!	Good Room, nice location. Kind of sterile furnishings.I couldn't understand why they bothered putting HDTV in the rooms since the TV reception was the worst I have seen in a city. Any city.	
Mar 29 2008 	Ok Hotel	Hotel is located on a very busy roads, we were on the 11th floor and were awoke by road noise each morning - early!! Not very nice when you are on holidays. Tried to use Marriott Uk Pound vouchers on check-in which the clerk stated they did not accept - strange as the vouchers state they are accepted at 2600 hotels. After pointing this out the clerk who referred this to the FO manager Barbara who said that they did not accept foreign currencies etc but would check with their accounts dept on Monday 2 days after my checkin and get back to me. An international hotel in downtown SFO not accepting foreign currancies strange - especially as they were vouchers issued by Marriott themselves. Eventually they were accepted but at a rip off rate of 1.79$ to 1£. Would not stay again due to location. Only stayed here as the SFO Marriott was undergoing a refurbishment and did not want to be woken by noise in the morning.Breakfast was ok and staff friendly in the restaurant. which only opened for breakfast. Very limited restuarant service for dinner in the bar area with very poor seating and tv's showing sports channels.Noticed parking very expensive( seems to be typical in SFO hotels) - try parking in local lots near the hotel which are just down the street and cheaper.Booked a suite which was basic but spacious. Was told it had been just refurbished - but had stains on the furniture and curtains. Bathroom was very basic for a suite.	
Mar 13 2008 	Spacious comfortable stay in San Fran	Stayed at the Courtyard Marriott San Francisco Downtown for 3 nights in late January with 3 other adults (group of 4 in total). In a 2 Queen bed room for about US$220 a night. Loved the size of the hotel room. Very spacious and comfortable room. The beds were very comfortable and easily shareable between two people. Free internet was a big plus. Hotel pool and gym was pretty reasonable too.We arrived to check in just after midnight, getting in from Oakland airport and were checked in within minutes of arrival. Reception was helpful in suggesting some places to order dinner from at the late hour.The starbucks in the lobby is very convenient for the time limited tourist, we ended up getting bagels with cream cheese and our daily fix of caffine there every morning. A cheap and no-fuss breakfast. Also love the idea of a 'market' thats open 24hrs, selling snacks ranging from sandwiches, candy and drinks.The hotel itself is not right in the heart of downtown, its about a 10min stroll to where all the main shops area in the downtown area (and the cable cars to fisherman's wharf). We enjoyed the morning stroll down there, so was not a problem for us. Not many restaurants near by, but there is a great italian restaurant (suggested by a cabbie) to us, called Buca di Beppo, which had gigantic proportioned dishes at very reasonable prices. The food there was finger licking good. Its a couple of blocks away, so good to work up an appetite and then walk off the dinner.Hotel is also close to Moscone centre, so idea for the business traveller who has a convention etc there. Overall, a decent well priced hotel not quite in the hustle and bustle of San Fran - not too close but not too far, just right. Would recommend staying here.	
Feb 29 2008 	Wonderful Stay	I had a very pleasant stay at the Courtyard Marriott. Though SF is known for its &quot;boutique&quot; hotels, I was skeptical of staying at an independent hotel after reading some of the reviews on here. I'm very pleased with my decision! Though a little pricier than other hotels, the extra money is worth it to be in a clean room and a great location. The lobby staff and concierge were very friendly and helpful (the concierge held my luggage while I went out for a meal and called me a car service when I left). I stayed in a queen room on the 12th floor, and my room was very spacious with an excellent view. I couldn't hear any street noise. The bed was really comfy (Courtyards are known for this!) and the shower pressure was great. My room was well-cleaned every day and new linens are always available upon request. Though there aren't many extra frills, I felt the Courtyard provided great value for the money.Best of all, the hotel is very conveniently located -- just a few blocks from public transport, and within walking distance of the SFMOMA, Yerba Buena Center, Ferry Building, cable cars, and lots of good shopping &amp; restaurants.The only complaint I have is that they seemed to be doing work on the floor above me. After a delayed arrival late at night, I had been looking forward to sleeping in, but a loud banging noise woke me up at 9 am. However, this seemed to be an isolated incident, as it was only an issue for one morning, and the rest of my stay more than made up for this minor inconvenience. I would certainly recommend this hotel!	
Jan 29 2008 	Nice visit.	Good Location if South of Market is where you want to be. walking distance to Moscone Conv Ctr and some nice restaurants. Right next door to CNET headquarters and close to JPMorgan Chase.	
Jan 21 2008 	San Francisco weekend	We had two rooms with family and a 13 month-old baby. Staff, especially Sam, were very efficient, courteous and cheerful. Our rooms were quite large and impeccably clean. The decor and furnishings are current and very tasteful. The food and staff in the grill and Jasmine Room were excellent. Overall, it was a wonderful stay in San Francisco	
Jan 19 2008 	Top Notch Hotel	The room was very clean, and large. I checked out some friends' hotels, and yes, mine was LARGE. The bed was very comfortable. The shower was, like most hotels, pretty lousy and at the right height for a child. In room internet fluctuated between 400kb/s download and 50kb/s. Room service did a good job each day. Supplied soaps/shampoos etc were quite good also.The hotel gym and pool looked pretty good - although I didn't use either. A laundry room is available for guests, which I rather like.It's pricey, but a nice hotel, in walking distance to the Moscone centre. Surrounding streets appeared safe at all hours of the day and night. Views were impressive.	
Jan 19 2008 	Excellent clean hotel good location but you will walk a bit	An excellent hotel and a good location, but like a previous reviewer mentioned, you will have a bit of a walk to MUNI/BART but I personally love the location.I was here on NYE and the hotel's computer system broke down; the staff were working so hard, always courteous and truly apologetic and making sure everybody was taken care of in turn. I've stayed at this hotel several times now; the value is great, there's some great restaurants very close by, and it's always clean and the staff are first rate.	
Jan 15 2008 	Clean Comfortable Great location	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Marriot December 27 - December 31, 2007.I am originally from the Bay Area (East Bay) and enjoy flying back to San Francisco for the fun city/tourist attractions.That being said, I did not want to stay near Fisherman's Wharf as it is a little 'too touristy' for me...but I didn't want to stay in a desolate part of the city either.I was EXTREMELY impressed with the Courtyard Marriot. The lobby is clean, modern, and feels brand new. Starbucks also shares the lobby with the hotel which is convenient and an added bonus. The rooms are spacious with a King bed, loveseat, desk, coffee table, dresser, etc. I had no complaints with the room.It was only a 5-7 minute walk to Union Square and other attractions. We walked down the street and found plenty to eat also. Bodin bread bowls, local taverns, etc. It took us only 10 minutes to walk to the W hotel for a trendy cocktail for happy hour and other upscale martini bars. It is easy walking places because there is so much to see while doing so. Late at night we took a taxi back to the hotel which is very inexpensive.It is a great hotel considering you will pay the same amount of money (if not more) for an older, rundown, outdated hotel near the wharf/Union Square areas. This hotel is extremely clean and well worth the price.I will definitely stay here again when returning to the city!	
Jan 9 2008 	Great hotel if you don't mind a little walking	Great hotel. Clean, comfortable, quiet, friendly and helpful staff. Big room. The only downside was that it's kind of off the beaten track. But if you don't mind a 10-minute walk to/from public transportation each day (BART and MUNI), I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jan 8 2008 	surprisingly luxurious	Courtyard by Marriott as a brand is schizophrenic: In the suburbs, they offer a bland, standard experience, but some of their big city hotels approach luxury. I've now stayed in two that surprised me: this hotel and a Courtyard in Philadelphia located in an historic building that was formerly a courthouse.The Courtyard San Francisco downtown is located in the uber-trendy South of Market district, surrounded by dot com businesses. It's walking distance to the Ferry Building and Union Square, but barely. (warning: I walk all over San Francisco and think Fisherman's Wharf is walking distance from downtown, so I've attempted to put myself in your walking shoes while writing this review.)Unlike suburban Courtyards, they offer room service, a lobby restaurant and bar, and even a Starbucks. In other words, expect a big-city hotel experience. Of course that also means you'll pay extra for parking and internet.Courtyard has entered the &quot;signature bed&quot; competition, and while theirs is not as nice as Westin's &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot;, theirs was a definite upgrade from hotel standard and quite comfy.I picked this hotel for one reason - price. But now that I've stayed there, I'd go back for the service.	
Dec 26 2007	Great Stay even with construction!	This hotel was great for location for downtown but if you are shopping or going to restaurants its not a good choice for location. We were very pleased with the staff and the cleaniness of the whole property. There were a few stains on the couch and chair in the room but that is expected with normal wear and tear on the rooms. I thought the Front Desk staff was great. Check in was fast and easy. We did not know at the time of booking the resrevation that there was construction going on so they infromed us at check in. I would have never known about it if they didn't tell us. There was no noise and not a sight of construction workers there. We would come back to this hotel any time. I think the only thing that was outrageously ridiculous was the cost of parking. I think it was $40 for one night. Crazy!But all in all it was a wonderful stay!	
Dec 24 2007 	Very nice!	We are just back from a 4 night stay at the Courtyard. We took the Bart from SFO and walked with our suitcases 3 blocks on a slight incline to the hotel. The hotel is very clean and nice, we had 2 adults and 2 teens in a King Suite, there was plenty of room. We had a great view, the bed was very comfortable and the room was very clean and neat. The staff was also very helpful. My only complaint is the noise from the outside. We were on the 14 floor facing 2nd Ave, the sirens, car horns and construction noises in the morning and during rush hour was horrible. Directly in front of the hotel is the route to the bay bridge, this is where all of the traffic comes from, there is also lots of construction going on in the immediate area. Other than the outside noise, I would recommend the Courtyard	
Nov 10 2007	great modern clean city hotel	how could virtually every hotel room be booked in San Francisco in Nove ? well they were and no deals to be had for a somewhat last minute booking. I tried Priceline for several days and had bid up to $200.00 for a 4 star before gaving up! (we got a room at the Meridien for under $150 back in the summer).Anyway, so had to fork out a total of $364.00 !! ouch, that really hurt! I'd a been lucky enough to have gotten a room here a year or two ago through Priceline for about $120.00 so knew the place was very clean and modern. this a very nice hotel, very fast check in, large spcious lobby, modern adequate rooms, clean and quiet. on the down side, I would never stay agian at that price, the room was $279 + parking at $40.00 + a parking tax ! of $5.60 + city tax of another $40.00!! ... this is theft ! Staying in the city is a rich mans hobby ! when you throw in dinner and all the other extra's it's an extremely expensive night!	
Oct 23 2007 	Great stay at the Courtyard San Francisco Downtown	My wife and I were attending a conference at the Moscone centre, and this hotel was the cheapest within the region ($250), likely because it is a few blocks away from the real action (Union Square, Westfield Shopping Mall, Moscone centre). However, if you are capable of walking a few blocks (5-10 minutes) you can reach all of the above very easily, and we quite liked the location. We took the BART train from the S.F. airport, and got off at Montgomery St station, which was a four block walk from this hotel. Even with baggage this wasn't bad. I went for a run a couple of times - just headed down Folsom St for a few blocks and was at the Embarcadero which is great for jogging.As mentioned in many previous reviews, we were genuinely impressed with the service offered here. Very helpful staff. We did not eat at the hotel's restaurant at all, because we had other plans. There is a Starbuck's right inside the hotel lobby, which was handy for a quick breakfast.The room was huge - especially for San Fran! The big bathroom was also very much appreciated.In contrast to a previous poster, we did not have any technological gadgets in our room. Just a plain (non-flat screen) TV. The free Internet was nice, and the Ethernet cable is in the closet.Overall, we were impressed with this hotel, and we would return, especially if for another conference at the Moscone Centre. That being said, if shopping is your thing, other hotels are much closer to Union Square. We had to take a cab back to our hotel a couple of times since we had so much stuff!	
Oct 7 2007 	Great Location Great Comfort	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights so he could attend the dental convention at the Moscone Center. This hotel was perfectly located for him to walk to the convention, and for me to walk to public transportation in order to visit all the &quot;touristy&quot; sights of San Francisco. We loved being in the center of town, and I loved being walking distance to the Tram buses that went to the wharves (including the Ferry Building and Pier 39) and, of course, the Cable Cars. Buy yourself a 3 day pass for the MUNI bus/tram/cable car system while you are there for $18. Now for the hotel itself: the staff was extremely kind and helpful. We had breakfast every morning at the hotel restaurant. They are very efficient, and very willing to go out of their way to get you what you want (we shared a breakfast 2 mornings as the portions are generous). The front desk staff greeted me every time I walked back in the door from my touring around. Even the maid stopped to thank me for leaving her a tip. The room itself was large for San Francisco, with 2 queen beds, a couch, desk, etc. Very clean. Bed was extremely comfortable, which for me means, not as hard as a rock. Wanted a view room, but they were packed. Never heard a sound from the rooms on either side of us. Free internet (cable is in a plastic bag hanging in the closet). Overall an excellent experience in San Francisco. If you are planning a visit, go in October. We've been there twice at that time of year and the weather is excellent. Sunny and 70 most of the time we were there. Have fun!	
Oct 7 2007 	Clean Comfortable and in a safe area	I stayed at the Courtyard Sept 27-30 for a business trip. It was the weekend of the ADA Convention so the room was $354 a night! The room was typical Courtyard style with not much frills. The pictures on the web showed flat screen tv's and modern furniture...I had two different rooms and neither looked like the pictures. Both rooms had regular tv's and plain looking furniture. Although I must say both rooms were spotless and very quiet.The hotel is in a pretty good location, several blocks from good shopping (Westfield mall) and about 4 blocks to Moscone. If you are going to SanFran for a convention at Moscone I reccomend the W, the Westin Market St, or the Marriott. All are MUCH closer to Moscone......I tried to get in these places but all were booked. If you can get a good rate and have great walking shoes, I would recommend this hotel. But it wasn't worth $350 a night when they are plenty of other great hotels in the city.	
Sep 4 2007 	Fantastic hotel!	This hotel is a terrific place to stay. It's relatively affordable and is walking distance to the ferry/farmers market. It's also near a Bart station. I love how the rooms are huge! We got a king size bed and there was an area for a pull out sofa bed. The bathrooms were extremely clean. The front desk staff and valet attendants are very friendly-- you could tell that the hotel values customer service. The rooms are quiet, and their amenities are great. They have a pool and a jacuzzi (although the jacuzzi wasn't working when I was there, boo), an exercise room and a restaurant and bar.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in downtown San Francisco!	
Aug 29 2007 	High-Tech Amenities	I stayed at the Courtyard San Francisco Downtown for a few days in August 2007. The rooms are clean and large for city standards (300+ sq. feet). The bathrooms are unusually large. The toilet is at least 3-4 feet from the shower, which is a nice change from those closet bathrooms. The sink area (only one sink) is outside of the bathroom, but has space to put your toiletries. The room has air conditioning and the view is decent (I had a city view). There is a sofa bed in the room too (full size bed).The best part of this hotel is the high-tech gadgets. My room had a flat panel LCD HDTV. Internet service is free, but make sure you bring your own Ethernet cable because they didn't provide one in the room. The desk is huge. It has a pull-out desk which pulls out from under the main desk. You can place your laptop and a stack of papers on the pull-out desk and still have room on the main desk behind it to store even more papers, etc. The office chair is very comfortable too. The back of the desk has a power, A/V and network/phone panel. You can plug a phone cable, ethernet cable, audio and video (RCA jacks, audio mini-plug, S-video, HDMI and VGA) plugs, 4 power plugs, and a USB port into that panel. The clock radio is modern and you can plug in your IPOD into it.Since the hotel is on 2nd and Folsom, it is not in the middle of the tourist area. If you want to be in downtown/Union Square area, try the Marriott on 4th and Mission St., the Four Seasons, the Palace Hotel, etc. However, you will be paying at least 2x more. Union Square is walking distance away (about 8 long blocks) and the Metreon/Moscone Center is about 4 blocks away. There are some great restaurants near the hotel. Try Bong Su (Vietnamese Fusion) and Cha Am (Thai) on 3rd and Folsom, Mehfil (Indian) across the street, Osha (Thai) on 2nd between Folsom and Howard), Azie (Asian fusion) and Lulu (Mediterranean) on Folsom between 4th and 5th.	
Aug 20 2007 	Wonderful Modern Lovely Stay	We spent two nights at the Courtyard in San Francisco and really enjoyed our stay. The staff was polite and very accomadating. Our room (we were in a king suite) was perfect for our family. It had a large sitting room with a modern-looking sofa bed, lounging sofa (which also could be made into a bed), as well as a large seperate bedroom with a king and a bathroom with two sinks, as well as a seperate shower/toilet area. The sitting room had a nice LCD, flatscreen, TV in it, and the bedroom also had a TV. The pool was nice and kept clean and the exercise room was well equipped with great workout machines (each of the treadmills, stairsteppers and bicycles had there own TVs built into them). We ate breakfast at Jasmine's on both days of our stay. The buffet was always fresh and delicious. The location is in the business district of San Francisco, but we walked to the farmer's market and piers, but it was a bit of a hoof . For those who aren't walkers, cable cars and buses are a short stroll from the front entrance. For those not wanting to eat at the hotel restaurant, San Francisco has great cuisine that definitely needs to be had. During our visits to the city in the past, we've enjoyed great Chinese food (China Town), as well as lots of other ethinic types. Across the street from the Courtyard is a great Indian restaurant whose name I forget, but it's literally across the street and can't be missed. In the Ferry Building in the Slanted Door. We decided to dine at this hip Thai restaurant. It was delicious. It's not cheap, but we found it definitely worth the splurge. The Courtyard is very up to date with wonderful staff and all at relatively good price. We'll be back!	
Aug 1 2007 	Quiet relaxing and friendly	Stayed at the hotel for a long business/pleasure weekend and was very impressed. The property is very clean and upscale, while the staff is friendly and accommodating. Room service was the fastest I've ever experienced at a hotel and offered a nice selection for breakfast and dinner.Room wise, the plasma TV was great and the mini-fridge (as opposed to a stocked mini-bar) is fantastic...allows you to keep what you want (there's a nice liquor store right across the street from the entrance for stocking it).The one thing I did notice was that the mattresses are not very firm. Not a problem for me personally, but it wasn't to my partner's liking.Yes, parking is expensive, but it's SF. Every time I called for my car, it was there in less than 5 minutes, so that was great.Overall, it was a great place to stay, just a short (about 10-minute) walk from Market Street and Union Square.	
Jul 31 2007	Wonderful hotel and staff	The staff is great and the hotel is very nice. We stayed a week and everyone at the hotel was very nice. Nicole made sure we were happy with our room and changed our locatin, at our request, to a different floor. Our room was always clean and beds were wonderful. The only hotel that we found with 2 queen beds. We found the location ok, because we used public transportion and had to walk several blocks to catch a bus.A wonderful stay.	
Jul 24 2007 	Great Location and Great Service!	Great Hotel, and Great Location! My husband and I used Marriott points to stay at the Courtyard this past Saturday and could not have been happier with the room and the service. The room was basic and standard for a Marriott. However, the location cannot be beat. The hotel is blocks away from the Sony Metreon Center, the Moscone Center, and the new SF Ballpark. Our favorite thing about the neighborhood is the fact that there are several great microbreweries just blocks away. The pool is a nice feature at the hotel, but it was too packed with screaming brats for us to enjoy. Overall a great find of a hotel in SF.	
Jul 20 2007 	Quiet!	We (2 adults and two young children) stayed here for a week.The hotel staffs are very friendly and helpful. Our room was two queen beds and one sofa sleeper. Spacious, quiet and clean. There are several good restaurants for grown-ups but not for the family around the hotel. Valet parking was $43 a day!	
Jun 21 2007 	Great Service Expensive Parking	I stayed here for business for 3 nights. The rooms were great, the location was great, and the staff was excellent. My only complaint was the $30/night parking fee. I know parking is a premium in San Fran, but when it costs a 4th of what you are paying for the room, that is a bit ridiculous.	
Jun 18 2007	Great staff	Excellent and helpfull staff, good location, expensive but good quality valet parking. Good nearby liquor store and restaurents.	
Jun 4 2007 	Loved the Courtyard	We've stayed at Courtyard's before but this one was really great. Nice lobby,outside courtyard &amp; lounge. The restaurant was pretty expensive for what you get &amp; the waiter wasn't very good either. We liked breakfast from Starbucks better, which is located by the front desk.The employees at the front desk were helpful &amp; friendly, especially Richard. We asked for a refrigerator &amp; one was brought to our room right away.As others have mentioned the location is great, especially for the price of the rooms. Our room was spacious,quiet &amp; very clean (12th flr). View wasn't great but we were only there to sleep.You can't go wrong staying here	
May 9 2007 	Awesome Hotel and Location	I stayed here the 1st weekend in March and enjoyed a unsually warm SF weekend. The hotel is extremely clean and in a great location. It is within walking distance to the new shopping mall, Union Square, Moscone, SOMA district, museums and Chinatown.There is a small indoor pool, nice courtyard on the lower level, along with a restaurant and Starbucks. Everyone working at the hotel was very nice. Valet parking is $40 per day, in a covered garage. Worth the fee since parking is difficult to find in the area. I would stay here again next time I visit SF, especially since the price is so reasonable!	
Apr 14 2007 	Great time at the Marriott Courtyard San Francisco Downtown	Nice hotel and great location. My friend and I (2 ladies) felt safe walking around. However, just note that skid row is on Mission, between 6th and 7th street. Only about a 15 - 20 mins walk to Chinatown or Union Square. Ample of shopping close by. Excellent location for transportation since it is a close walk to the BART, cable cars, trolley and MUNI stations. The only thing we did not like about our room was the bathroom since the sink was located outside the bathroom and the view. We were on the 7th Floor and when we looked out the window, the view was blocked by the office building next door. Try to get a higher floor. Other than that, it was very clean and comfortable. Great value for the money we paid.	
Apr 4 2007	loved the Marriott Courtyard on 2nd 	This is not only a better than average hotel but the location was great too. We booked through Expedia (air &amp; hotel combo) so it was a great price. It is only 3 blocks from Market and a10 minute walk from Union Square (major shopping area). We ate in the bar/restaurant and had a good meal. The Starbucks hours of operation are less than appealing but that didn't diminish our feelings about the hotel. VERY comfortable beds (they have just upgraded all of the beds) and ample sized rooms. The workout room is great but you have to get there early.The whole experience at the hotel was delightful.	
Mar 28 2007 	Great Place to Stay	I had a wonderful time at the Marriott Courtyard. It is located in a safe area and is in proximity to a lot of restaurants. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The only bad thing about this hotel is that there isn't a mini refrigerator in the rooms.	
Mar 19 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed here two nights over a weekend and at $90 a night in the center of SF you really can't beat it. It was super clean, comfortable and with excellent Marriott service. I've stayed at other hotels in the area and paid a lot more and gotten a lot less. Last time we paid the same amount and didn't even have a private bath! We will definitely stay here again. I think during the week it is more expensive due to it being a business hotel. We got a &quot;weekend rate&quot;. Highly recommended hotel. The only downside is that parking costs $40 plus tax! Crazy. But we beat this by parking in another part of the city for free and got to the hotel on foot. We used the extra $40 on dinner.	
Mar 19 2007 	Great location and value	Excellent location, short walk to Market, off 2nd and Folsom, easy access to all areas of San Francisco and highway.Great value booking through Orbits, 89$ for two queen beds, one week in advance prepay.Parking is extra, 38$ per day plus tax, only valet available, but great value for area as unlimited in/out privileges. Well equipped small fitness room, pool is only 3.5 ft deep so for kids only, no steam room/sauna.Starbucks on siteHigh speed cable internet complimentary	
Mar 19 2007 	Great stay great price	I first booked a king room on Marriott's corporate site for $99. I browsed on Expedia and saw the same room for $90. Fortunately, Marriott Corp. has a &quot;Best Price Guarantee&quot; where they will honor the lower rate, and take an additional 25% off. My room ended up to be $67 per night ($77.10 with all taxes).Pros:1) Free high-speed internet (cables are in the closet).2) Clean basic room3) Prompt front desk, with numerous agents to help.4) Speedy elevator5) Starbucks in the lobby6) 3-4 city blocks to the BART &amp; Muni lines.7) Liquor store across the st., 24 Hour gym, Quiznos within steps of the lobby.8) Speedy check-outCons:1) As with all hotels, egg breakfast is $17.99	
Mar 5 2007 	Great place to stay in SOMA	I stayed at the Courtyard Downtown for six nights during a business trip. The hotel is nicely located, a few blocks south of Market Street and an easy walk to the financial district, Union Square, and the Embarcadero. It is a surprisingly nice hotel for the price, especially so close to downtown San Francisco. The whole place feels brand new and is very clean and bright throughout. The rooms themselves are big and comfortable, and well appointed with little touches like free high-speed internet and Bath &amp; Body Works products. The front desk staff were also extraordinarily helpful and friendly. The airline lost my bag on the flight over, and the front desk staff was very accomodating with the various packages from FedEx and the airline that I had to receive over the first few days as I was waiting for my bag to be delivered. The only drawback to the hotel is that there aren't a lot of services, like pharmacies and restaurants, on the immediate surrounding block. The walk from Market Street back to the hotel is also a little quiet at night, but never felt unsafe.I highly recommend the Courtyard Downtown for anyone looking for a nice, modern hotel at a much lower price than comparable hotels in the neighborhood.	
Feb 22 2007 	great convention location	I had a very nice stay at this hotel for a convention at the Moscone Center. I don't like fancy or glitzy, so this place was just my speed. The room was clean, really big, great price for its perfect location-- safe, and a short walk to work. The longer walk to shopping/restaurants at Union Square was a good way to stretch my legs after a hard day's work. I highly recommend the Umbria Restaurant a block way. The pool and hot-tub were great, good exercise room, too. Free internet service a huge plus. The bellmen were exceptionally helpful, even arranging a car to deliver my luggage to where I'd be working late in the day (not at Moscone) and take me directly to the airport, so that I did not need to return to the hotel to p/u luggage. I work in SF a couple times a year and will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 15 2007 	Great value in downtown	Wow! This was a fabulous hotel in the heart of the city. Located in a relatively new area of SF close to the China Basin and within walking distance of the heart of downtown, cable cars, and public transportation. The accomodations were wonderful. I thought we were staying at a five star hotel.Only slight downside is that you will walk 4-5 blocks to get to most tourist areas but that is expected in SF and actually is part of the fun part of being there. If you are attending a Giants game this is the place to stay (only 10 minute walk) and very safe.Hotel accomodations are great. Nice and comfortable rooms, nice indoor pool (which is hard to find in SF), and Starbucks right in the lobby. Lots of restaurants and nightlife in the vicinity.Would recommend this to anyone.	
Jan 8 2007 	Good Location Great Value	My wife and I stayed in the hotel from December 28 - January 1. We were very pleased with almost everything about this hotel.The check-in desk was very efficient and friendly. Our room was ready for us upon arrival at 2:00 p.m. Location: The hotel is not in a highly touristed area, which, in some ways, worked to our advantage. We never thought we were mobbed by other tourists all trying to do the same thing. Having said that, Market Street and Mission Street were just a few blocks away.Hotel Amenities: There is a small Starbucks in the hotel lobby. It was, unfortunately, only open until 3 p.m. which seemed too early. Perhaps it had special hours because of the holidays. There was a lobby bar that was open from 5 p.m. - 11 p.m. The food was expensive but they had a good beer selection and the staff was super friendly.We did not try the restaurant for breakfast.There was a small fitness center and good sized swimming pool. The pool area was a little dark, however and didn't lend itself to hanging out. The pool was warm and the hot tub was welcome after a day of sightseeing.Room: It was a very typical &quot;Courtyard&quot; room. No refrigerator and the TV was in a surprisingly awkward location for watching from bed. Excellent heat/ac system. We had a king bed and the room also had a love seat. If we had a complaint about the room it was the the light switches were in confusing locations and there were too few electrical outlets for the various laptops, cellphones, battery chargers, etc. that we had with us. Marriott should be commended for the high speep internet access that they provide for free in the rooms. Very useful for checking flights, looking up museum hours and ferry times, etc.Other items: There are a number of good restaurants nearby. We had New Year's dinner at The Fly Trap, less than a half block away and it was excellent. There is a liquor store directly across the street. There were a number of &quot;fast food&quot; places within easy walking distance (beside the Starbucks, the closest was a Subway and a local Mexican place). Taxis were almost always available outside and the valet also had towncars available. Gray Line picked up and dropped off in front of the hotel if you book a tour with them.This hotel is a great location if you are doing things in the vicinity of Yerba Linda Gardens, the Moscone Center, the Metreon, and the Westfield Mall. They are all within 6 blocks or so.This Courtyard seemed of a much higher calibre than the one near Pier 39/Fishermen's Wharf.	
Nov 24 2006 	Very Nice Courtyard	My husband and I stayed at the Courtyard for 3 nights in October. We were in town for a conference and didn't want to stay at the two main hotels for the conference. Courtyard was our 2nd choice, but we were happy with our pick. This Courtyard is one of the largest that I've stayed at and I thought it was slightly more &quot;upscale.&quot; There is a pool and gym- small but adequate. Our room overlooked a courtyard, was a nice size and the furnishings were in good condition. The one negative was that the walls are a bit thin.........Staff was very friendly and helpful. The weather was wonderful, so my husband didn't mind the 5-10 minute walk to the Moscone Center for the conference. The Courtyard was a 10-15 minute walk to the Ferry Building and Union Square.All in all, we were very happy with our stay. We would stay there again and would recommend it.	
Nov 10 2006 	Short but sweet stay	I, my sister, and our husbands stayed at this hotel as part of a whirlwhind tour of CA. We only stayed for 1 night, but the hotel was a very pleasant surprise.First, this Courtyard feels more like a full-service Marriott in that it is in a single, high-rise building. It is a very busy hotel, but service was very good.Our room was a 1 bedroom suite. It was extremely large, and very comfortable. The layout was a bit strange in that the access to the bathroom was through the bedroom portion of the suite. Accordingly, the privacy of the bedroom was somewhat diminished.The king-sized bed in the bedroom was very comfortable. Furnishings throughout the suite were in excellent condition. Carpets were very clean, and the suite itself felt very clean. Sofa pull-out bed was fairly comfortable.The living room portion of the suite was large, with a fridge and large bar area. We order room service, which came promptly and was tasty for hotel food. Prices were about average for hotel and the area in general.The lobby area always feels extremely busy. There is a Starbucks in the lobby; it too was busy, busy.In short, this was a good hotel, with most of the amenities available in a full-service Marriott. I would not be surprised if Marriott ceased operating this as a Courtyard location. I would stay here again.	
Oct 19 2006 	The place to stay!	We were supposed to stay at the Warwick Regis, but they were 'double booked' so they sent us to the Courtyard by Marriott. We were very happy with the vallet, the front desk and the cleanliness and shape of the room. The front desk was very accomodating for all of our needs. When they realized we were sent from another motel and that we were on our honeymoon, they set us up with a room with a gorgous view of the city. They were perfect for answering questions about tourist sites, they let us check out late and the vallet let us leave our car there 2 hours later than we should have. The vallet even took items to and from our car for us. If I ever travel to San Francisco again, I will be staying at this motel.	
Oct 9 2006 	Great hotel	Loved the Courtyard in San Fran... It was a nice walk to the city centre and from there we were able to catch the cable car to Fisherman's Wharf. The staff were couteous and helpful and the room was clean and spacious. This is a great spot to stay and has a fantastic little bar near the lobby.	
Sep 13 2006 	good value !	We stayed 6 nights last august. This stay has been booked on Priceline (great value : 65 USD). The hotel was very good : clean, large room, baby crib on demand, Starbuck on the lobby...The only &quot;bad&quot; thing for us is the location : not really in the financial district (10mn walk) - not a lot of restaurants around (good Indian just in the front of the hotel).	
Aug 30 2006 	Good location	The bad first: We stayed two nights and were shocked by the cost of parking at the hotel - $38 a day. We did so anyway, since we were told by the valet that nearby outdoor parking lots required us to move the car out at 6:30 every morning and there was no street parking available. We didn't want the hassle.Now for the good: The hotel is located in a busy area of downtown but not in the center which is a 10 minute walk. The decor of the lobby was nice and clean and check-in was easy. Our room didn't have a view but it was comfortable and cozy. The concierge was friendly and helpful in recommending nearby places to eat and we enjoyed getting our coffee at the downstairs Starbucks every morning. Overall, we had an enjoyable stay, except for the parking fee sticker shock. The best thing to do is not to drive into downtown San Francisco if possible. We would stay here again if we didn't drive.	
Aug 29 2006 	Safe and friendly	Our family (2 adults and 2 teenagers) stayed here for 3 nights at the end of July. The room was fairly typical and nothing special but it was clean. The hotel is in a very safe area and we felt perfectly happy walking around at night. The staff were incredibly helpful. The hotel has interesting touches around the lobby, bar and lounge areas which are copper/brass items placed around, e.g. a pair of slippers in front of the fire and a cat curled up. The pool was very nice (if smaller than I expected) and there was a small terrace outside that overlooks the central courtyard. The courtyard itself was a pleasant place to sit and all the public areas were well kept up. We didn't eat in the hotel as it was expensive but there were lots of places within walking distance to eat at. I would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 14 2006 	A little better than your typical Courtyard	I'm a big fan of Marriott properties and have stayed at Courtyard hotels all over the west coast. While I usually like Courtyard, I loved this property.While most courtyard hotels are 3-4 stories, this Courtyard is 18+ stories tall. It does have a courtyard area, and the rooms facing the courtyard are very quiet, with no street or traffic noise. For some reason, if your room faces the courtyard, you cannot open the windows. However, if your room faces the noisy street below, you can open your windows.The check in area is more nicely appointed than most courtyards. The breakfast/restaurant area is better too, and includes an omelet bar and waiter service that is more typical in a restaurant than in the courtyard. Unlike most courtyard hotels, this property has room service that will prepare and deliver hot meals. They have a business center that allows you to access the internet and print pages free of charge.We stayed in one of their courtyard facing rooms for one night and then moved to a street facing suite for the second night (because I like fresh air and wanted to open the windows). Both rooms were nicely appointed and clean, but there was noticable street noise from the second room, even on the 15th floor. Unlike most courtyard properties, both rooms offered a heating and AC system that was more like a residential unit, as opposed to the &quot;in wall&quot; system that you typically find in a Courtyard property. This was important to me because the in wall systems are quite noisy, while the system in both rooms were very quiet. Both rooms were a bit small compared to what a Courtyard usually offers, but the room size was quite typical for SF at a more reasonable price.Be warned that they charge about $45 per day for valet parking ($38 plus tax, I think) and have no self-parking, but this is typical of all downtown San Francisco hotels. The per person breakfast charge was higher than most courtyards ($18 per head), but children under 12 eat free. In SF, everything is more expensive, so I was willing to forgive both.In all, I liked this property a lot. The decor was modern, clean, and pleasant. The amenities exceeded the typical Courtyard amenities. The price was quite reasonable for San Francisco, which is generally a very expensive City to stay in.	
Jul 25 2006 	Just another Courtyard on the inside	Let me start by saying that I stayed here using Marriott Rewards Points from July 20 to July 23, 2006. So I cannot judge the value of my stay.If you have seen one Courtyard hotel room, you have seen them all. Furnishings were fairly new but uninspiring. Bathroom was basic. Sink area was too small for two people. Typical Courtyard with basic features. Nothing new to report about this Courtyard.The property itself is kept very clean. Check-in was a breeze. Although, I did request to be upgraded to a suite but the front desk clerk informed me that they were completely booked. I did not challenge the clerk, but I logged on the Marriott website before arriving and it showed availability for suites during my stay. I am an elite member and they choose to ignore my request. We had a nice City View with a view of they &quot;pyramid&quot; building on the 14th floor.Soap and shampoo were no name brands unlike other Marriott properties which use Bath and Body Works products. If you are picky about hair products like I am, be sure to bring your own.The Courtyard is in easy walking distance to AT&amp;T Park and the Muni/BART Station (15 to 20 minutes). If you are walking from the Muni/BART Station, I recommend walking on the north side of 2nd Street. For some reason, this side is more developed and nicer. The homeless tend to stay on the southside during the evenings. Union Square is one Muni/BART station away.We found a great Thai restuarant on 2nd street a couple blocks away called Osha. Roys is also a couple blocks away also. Starbuck in lobby is convenient but hours limited. You can charge your drinks and food to your room.To summarize, a typical Courtyard. Room very clean and comfortable. Free wired internet in the rooms.	
Jul 14 2006	Loved it!!	Traveled to SFO last month with my husband and daughter. We had conisdered 5 star hotels, but they are not kid friendly in SFO, so we ended up at the Courtyard. We reserved a 1 bedroom suite and were thrilled! The living area was huge, with fridge/micro, tv and computer access line, it had a large window looking across the street at another building. The bedroom had its own tv and 2 large windows, one of which looked out towards the skyline. We loved that all windows could be opened to allow fresh air. This Courtyard had the standard Marriott set up in terms of excellent mattresses, choice of down or foam pillows, white linens that are washed for every new guest. My daughter stayed on the fold out sofabed in the living room, which was fine. The only thing I would say to management is that in such a large room, why not put 2 of those couches? it would be good for both extra seating and sleeping. OK, so the decor is a bit plain jane, but very pleasant and non-distracting. But the place is SPOTLESS. And the service from everyone was amiable and efficient. One morning our daughter put the Do Not Disturb sign on the door on our way out without telling us. When we got back around lunch time the room wasn't made up, of course, but within minutes we got a call from housekeeping asking us if we'd like the room cleaned. They showed up at the appointed time and everything was sparkiling as usual when we got back. Coming from the east coast we had a late check in, and it was nice that room service was available so late. Even here the staff was so sweet--they brought vanilla ice cream instead of chocolate, and when I pointed it out the waitress offered to run down and bring an EXTRA scoop of chocolate. Lovely doormen and parking valets. Do yourself a favor, though--don't park there--it really is $50 per night. There's a lot across the street that's self park and much less. And yes the bottles of Fiji spring water are $4 each, but you can get the same exact water at a Walgreens on Market St. a few blocks away. That Walgreens also has snacks and breakfast food, which worked out because the very nice breakfast buffet is $17 per person. We made out though--one afternoon the computer broadband line was not working, and then the cable box was not working either, so the repair person not only replaced everything, he gave us buffet vouchers for breakfast the next morning. Nice touch. Also nice was the indoor heated pool (a big deciding factor for us-many of the 5 stars don't allow kids in their pools) and a small gym, perfect for a quick workout and dip and good incentive to keep the daily whining to a minimum (as in &quot;Walk up the hill and then you can go for a swim when we get back&quot;). I can't say enough good things about this hotel--we will definitely go back there. Even the pricing was reasonable considering the level of service and location.	
Jul 4 2006	Great for family of 4	Definitely excellent choice for families if you have a car. Stayed for two nights over a weekend at the Courtyard. For $169 on Marriott got a 2 room suite, corner room. It is true that the location is safe but not in the middle of all the expected tourist locations....so it was very nice to have our car. The location was also very quiet which is great for napping toddlers. Could see SBC park where the Giants play from our window, about 5 blocks away. Room very clean, service prompt and extremely friendly. Front desk personnel almost overcome with sorrow that they only had one serving of free Colgate toothpaste...no problem just used the kids' that we had brought. Restaurant personnel engaging, unobtrusive. Although the breakfast buffet was expensive ($19/person), selection great and they didn't charge us for the kids! Room service excellent, prompt and in line with what one expects room service pricing. After exhaustive research for us the best deal for 2 room suite with a door between us and our kids. Only downside $37/day valet parking (seems to be pretty standard for the area). Will definitely stay there next time I'm in town.	
Jun 14 2006	Great Location Awesome Beds	Stayed here the weekend of June 9th, 2006. Great location, close to all forms of public transportation, we didn't have to rent a car. Take the BART from the airport. Three blocks from hotel. Starbucks in the lobby. Rooms were very clean and the beds were unbelievably comfortable. Spent most of the time seeing the city so this hotel was perfect for us. Close to great shopping and restaurants. Great rates as well. Would definitely go back.	
May 29 2006	Excellent Hotel	Just got back from one night in SF at this hotel. Good location (although many hotels in this area are near to everything, so don't choose this just because of location). Excellent staff--very courteous. Stayed on the top floor (18) with a nice view. Room was spacious and clean, all you could ask for. Price was significantly better than other hotels--actually booked on priceline bid and stayed for about 75$ including tax--see ----. Market St was only 4 blocks away (about a 5-10 min walk), then you can take a street car (1.50$) down to fisherman's wharf to see that area. Otherwise, all the shopping, etc. is near to the hotel.	
May 28 2006	Great location and quiet	Spent a week in May 2006. Great location, came directly from the SFO airport using the BART because the Montgomery station is only 4 blocks from the hotel. Only 10 minutes walk from the Cable Car, 5 minutes from the streetcar and buses on Market street. Overall it was a very convenient location. Rooms are simple but spacious and very clean. And QUIET. Did not here a thing all 7 nights we stayed there. Breakfast buffet is good and practical for an early start to explore the city. Staff is very courteous and friendly. Used a safety deposit box at the reception desk for passports, there are no safes in the rooms ( minor detail). No fees . Great thai restaurant 2 blocks from the hotel ( Osha Thai Restaurant ). It's opened late even on weekdays. Excellent food.Enjoyed our stay and will recommend it to others. A good value for the money paid. A little bit more expensive than other hotels around but it was worth it for the tranquility, location, nice rooms and friendly staff.	
Apr 23 2006	Great Location	This is a great little hotel. We were there for 1 night on a weekend. The location is the best, and we had a great veiw from the 10th foor. The King bed was nice and comfortable and the room clean. I had a good sleep and the hotel was quiet. It was so convenient to be able to walk to the Metreon and Union Square. They do have a Starbucks in the lobby, but I never got to take advantage of it because it was always closed. I don't know what the hours are during the week, but on Sat., it closed by 3 pm, and then on Sunday by noon. I believe that they only stay open for breakfast. Anyway, we had a great stay and I would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 11 2006	Loved the Courtyard at Downtown	We stayed there last week of March-first week of April 2006. Incredibly great hotel. Service is excellent. We arrived late at 12.00 A.M., already let them know while booking. The front desk person was very helpful. We asked a high floor room with a view if possible. He gave us a room on 18th Floor-with VIEW!! And he also asked us if we had dinner, we were really late, he gave us the menu for a nearby pizza place and Chinese res if we want to order and have it delivered. Great. Room was really CLEAN and SPACIOUS! The hotel is in a great location itself. Only few blocks from Market street, Union Square is probably 15-20 min short walk (depending on how fast you walk!!). Oh and also China Town is not that far too! Once you are in Union Square add another 10 min of walking! We went there walking. BART station is only 4/5 blocks away, Montegemry(sp?) station. If you don't have much luggege you don't even need to waste money on cab fare to airport. We took BART to Oakland Intl' Airport! And it cost us for 2 $10.70, in cab it should have been $60.00!!! And to SFO (SF Int'l Airport) the fare was $40.00, so you save HUGE!! So yeah the hotel has the added bonus of being in a great location! All in all a great hotel. Definitely we will stay there again and again!!	
Jan 19 2006	Lovely and Reliable	Had a lovely one-night stay in the Courtyard Marriot in SF's SoMA district. The streets around it are rather dead on the weekend, but it still felt safe and was quiet at night. Good views from the 12th floor. Room very...roomy..and clean, of course. Hotel staff was very very courteous and accomodating (early check-in, luggage storage, etc.) Starbucks in the lobby was wonderful for a quick breakfast before heading out in the morning. Only a short walk (4 blocks) from Market St. and Union Sq also close by. SFMOMA, Yerba Buena Gardens, Sony Metreon all around the corner. Take the BART from the airport...the station is not too far of a walk. Oh, and great Thai restaurant on 2nd st. just steps from the hotel. Overally a very reliable choice for staying in the city.	
Nov 21 2005	Great hotel !!!!	We stayed at this hotel for one week in novermber 2005. The staff was very friendly and the rooms are very clean. The location of this hotel is fantastic. it's close to union square and close to sbc park and the ferry building. the breakfastbuffet was good and very friendly priced. I would recommend this hotel to everybody. It was a very pleasant stay in this great city.	
Nov 15 2005 	Great place great location!	My wife and I stayed at the San Fran Courtyard Downtown for two nights this past week and it was just amazing! Now, given, it's not the Ritz, but if you're looking for a great place to mix business with pleasure it was ideal. The entrance to the bay bridge was just few blocks away for me to make some work appointments on the east bay and Union Square was just a very safe 8 block walk for my wife to do some shopping. We even made the 15-20 block walk down to Pier 39 and it was an easy 25 minutes. The rooms were clean and comfortable, everything you'd expect from a Courtyard. The breakfast buffet is a must, $9 a piece, but you'll be so full you'll skip lunch.	
Nov 14 2005 	Very nice hotel and staff	Stayed here for a weekend in November. Probably one of the best beds and sheets at a chain hotel. The staff is extremely friendly. The hotel is very clean. Almost gave this an &quot;excellent&quot; rating but I had to knock it because though the wired internet is free in the rooms, the WI-FI is not free in the lobby. A very petty gripe but it takes it down in my book.Location is good. It is a nice 10-12 minute walk to Union Square. Safe location as I walked back the 10-12 minutes after midnight (Friday night). Walking towards the hotel from Market down 2nd St does not have as much &quot;people traffic&quot; but I still felt safe. A taxi from Union Square to the hotel will run about $7-$8. Make that about $10-12 for a ride to/from Pier 39 (Fisherman's Wharf area).The buffet breakfast was good. It was included in the rate so I don't know if it's a good deal or not. Coffee was nice and strong.Overall, I would stay here again. I'm including a picture of the view my room had (14th floor). It looked even better at night.	
Nov 6 2005	Great time at the Courtyard	We stayed at the Courtyard for 5 nights at the end of October / beginning of November and we really liked it.Our room on the 11th floor was very spacious - 2 double beds - nicely decorated and very tasteful. The beds were comfortable but perhaps a little soft for our tastes.Room was immaculate every day.Staff helpful.Location excellent - 10 minute walk to Union Square. Fantastic Thai Restaurant - OSHA - a couple of blocks down.Only gripe was the Starbucks - we arrived at 6pm on a Thursday and it was shut - very limited opening hours.Overall - very impressed. We got the room for £60 a night through Octopus Travel and thought it was a bargain for the quality of the hotel.	
Oct 18 2005	Great place to stay in SOMA	I've stayed at the Courtyard Downtown several times and every time it gets better. The staff is very friendly, rooms clean and restaurant choice fair. I would like to see another restaurant but there are several within walking distance.If you are going to SF and don't need to stay near Fisherman's Wharf, this is the place to stay!	
Oct 17 2005	Very basic hotel	Part of a hotel chain that offers basic accomodation to travelers. Efficient services, a rather convenient mini-store, &amp; the use of coin-operated laundry room for longer stay. Should request for rooms above 9 floors, as lower-floor rooms are rather noisy. May improve on in-room amenities. No issue with internet speed.	
Aug 31 2005	Great stay	My husband and I went to San Francisco to celebrate my birthday in August. Being the ultimate bargain hunter, I secured a reservation at the Courtyard Marriott Downtown on Priceline for $80/night for three nights($140/night on their website). The hotel was a bit further from the Union Square area than I had hoped originally, but that actually worked in our favor. The hotel was located in the financial district and very safe, we felt safe walking around the hotel and the adjoining areas at night and we actually didn't bump into any aggressive homeless persons as other travellers reported around the Union Square hotels. The valet parking was also slightly less expensive in that area ($40/day vs $45-$47) and if you had the energy to move your car in the morning at 7AM when the meters went into effect, there was plenty of free overnight street parking as well.The hotel staff were remarkably courteous and helpful. We asked for a room on a high floor with views of the city and were put in a room with a king bed on the 11th floor with a very nice city view. The room was quite large with a sitting area and work area (the hotel is mainly caters to business travellers). What I particularly enjoyed was the fitness room and pool/spa which were free of charge (other hotels charged their hotel guests a fee to use their fitness center!). Both were quite adequate too. There were also two computers in the hotel business center with free internet access and free printing which was convenient to print our airline boarding passes, although the connection was fairly slow.Overall, had a great stay there. Mariiott quality and hospitality were excellent.	
Aug 30 2005	Wonderful for a Courtyard	I stayed here for two nights in August. We had a Flex Award, so our room and breakfast was covered, so I may have a more favorable opinion because we didn't pay very much.The lobby, bell staff and valets are very nice and helpful. They were always offering help and provided me with some very usful info on using mass transit.The lobby of the building is very nice, well decorated. There is a Starbucks in the lobby which has very limited hours on the weekend (closes very early). But there are several within walking distance that are open.Breakfast was very good, we had the buffet. I don't know if it's worth the money (ours was free), but it's as good or better than many Sheratons and Marriotts i've stayed at in the past. Good coffee and fresh omletts made to order.The room was very clean and resonably nice. We were on the 14th floor and it was very quiet. No street noise and no noise from other guests. We had a nice view of downtown.If I were spending the money on it, (usually close to $200 or more) I think I would pick a smaller boutique hotel. Especially a hotel that had cheaper parking, $40/day is outrageous but there aren't any other good options. You don't really need a car in San Francisco, the transit system is top notch. So if you can avoid driving, I would.	
Aug 23 2005	Nothing Special	Location was decent, staff was helpful, and the lobby was nice. The rooms though were average and the bathroom was actually on the smaller side. My biggest complaint though is that the supposed high-speed internet connection was slower than molasses. Not just my room connection either, the business center was just as bad. Fairly annoying to say the least.	
Aug 12 2005	Terrific	I stayed there mid-July and was very pleased with everything. Yes, the parking can be expensive, but worth it. They had the car there within 5 minutes the few times we needed it. Yet, it is only a few blocks from the BART station, and close to bus lines (which I highly recommend). It was a nice walk down to the Ferry Building for a casual dinner and an easy walk to MOMA. The room was very clean, with a nice view of the hills. Our maid was so accomodating and provided extra toiletries without asking. Food is so-so in the restaurants, but convienent. My 20 year old son met me in SF, so I appreciated the coin laundry....! The concierge and the front desk were very friendly and helpful. I definitely appreciated the fact that I made a reservation at a chain I had used before and it didn't let me down. If you want a clean, reliable hotel with a decent location, this is the one for you.	
Jul 18 2005	Courtyard Downtown - wonderful	Spent 4 days at downtown Marriott Courtyard and it was very nice. While it is slightly off the beaten path (BART and bus stops about 3-4 blocks away) and further walk for cable cars, it is a VERY nice hotel. Room was a good size (although beds were rather firm), we had a nice view of the bay bridge, free breakfast in Jasmine's which was decent. Nice outside courtyard to sit in patio - wonderful fireplace inside hotel livingroom area.(which in SF it gets chilly). ALSO, they have 3 computers tucked near vending machines which guests can use for free to check email, etc... - nice surprise. Indoor pool VERY nice and water temp warm - girls loved it. They also have a Starbucks Coffee Shop inside Marriott - which I did not use - but certainly many guests did. FYI there are not too many restaurants in the closeby area - many close at dinner time. Liquor store across the street from Marriott - great if you want to get a bottle of wine - cheaper than drinking at the bar in the hotel. We used public transportation so we would walk every morning to bus stop - so did not have to pay high price for parking. Recommend MUNI passport for 3 days. Adult $15 - child $10 which is good on all public transportation (bus, cable cars, and electric trolley - NOT ferry or BART) and a GREAT deal.	
Jun 28 2005	Great Hotel	This hotel was very nice. The rooms were very clean and the staff was very friendly. The location was great. Lots of shopping near by and the bus stop is accross the street.	
Jun 17 2005	Overpriced parking.	Typical courtyard. Great business-traveler location. Expensive parking ($35)!!! No complimentary breakfast, which was disappointing. The staff was okay although the weekend we went, it was busy and they seemed pre-occupied. Not what we expect from the Marriott. The rooms were nothing special. Might stay there again.	
Jun 7 2005	Great Staff	My husband and I just returned from a great weekend in San Francisco. Since we live only a couple of hours away we are able to go often. We decided years ago to never stay in the same hotel in San Francisco...even if it was a very good one. There are sooo many wonderful hotels there. We enjoy experiencing them all. So this was our first visit to the Courtyard Marriott. Every staff person we encountered were absolutly wonderful, professional and friendly. It made walking in the door after 5 hours of walking in Chinatown seem like coming home. The location is not bad, though, not right on the cable car line, it is close enough. Be sure and visit the hotels &quot;partner&quot; restaurant, the Fly-Trap. It is just around the corner. Nice place for a martini and their 3 oysters on the half shell starter while enjoying very smooth live jazz. The room was extremely clean! Spotless! Not fancy at all...just what you needed. The sink area outside the bathroom was very small. Not a bad size room for the Union Square area. Really enjoyed the outside courtyard in the lobby area. Never a problem getting an elevator. Service was extremely fast in all areas. Inside the hotel itself was very quiet. I like the fact that the window opend a bit..not much but just enough to feel the outside air. We live in the mountains and enjoy the noise of the city which is so different than home. We did not find the street noise bad at all. Only two things that I was disapointed with...The pool area was sans decor. Looked like it was planned to be hosed out 5 times a day. Very stark and cold feeling. With a few people there it got very loud. The best times to go to any hotel pool seems to be early in the morning and later at night. As someone had mentioned before, the pool water was not warm but after getting in, it was refreshing. It was very nice not to have to pay more to use the exercise area. Actually we were happy to have the pool and spa, not many hotels have a pool in this area. I think only 5 or 6. Again very clean.The one place I would have to give the hotel a black mark would be with the food. We ate breakfast in the Jasime room. Again the staff were lovely...but the food was not excepional. The menu was dull. The second day we ordered breakfast in our room. The fruit plate was dried out and looked very nasty. The Warwick Regis has an amazing fruit plate! Now, that hotel has the best chef! San Francisco has so many fantastic places to eat who would want to eat room service in your room? We do on occasion and this is not the place to order it! For dinner, hop in a cab and take a 5 minute ride to John's Grill for the Oysters Wellington. Ohsogood! I recomended this hotel as high as I did mostly because of the staff and the cleanness. And if we ever finish all the hotels in the area I will go back to the Courtyard looking forward to a nice stay and a new hotel chef for them to hire.	
May 8 2005	Good value. Nice clean rooms quiet.	I got a good AAA rate. Nice Courtyard for an urban location. I was on a high floor but just a basic city view. I think few rooms have great views of the bridges etc. But my room was very bright, clean and comfortable. The neighborhood is pretty desolate on the weekend because it is near the business district. As a female solo traveler, I took cabs back to the hotel at night or friends dropped me off. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk up a slight hill from the Montgomery Bart station which I took from SFO airport. Good Deal! I rented a car nearby for my trip to wine country at the same rate as the airport rate. Parking is expensive so if you can try to rent a car in the city when you need it or park somewhere else. Otherwise you can get around with public transport. One thing, as a Marriott Rewards Silver guest I would expect some voucher toward my breakfast. Breakfast was not a bargain. Hilton Honors Gold gives vouchers or has free breakfast at some properties. I had a food stash from the Hampton Inn- Airport I stayed at the previous night ! A Starbucks is opening in the lobby. Not much in the immediate area for eating. Not real close to the major tourist attractions but the price was good! The hotel does provide free coffee and a free internet computer station.	
May 4 2005	Great Hotel	This hotel was great. It was in a really convenient location for us - about 10 minutes from Union Square (and all the shops) and 10 minutes from Chinatown. The rooms were bigger than expected, and very clean and tidy. The staff were friendly and very helpful, especially when we had asked to park outside the hotel briefly to collect our luggage from the luggage store (normally, if you want to park at the hotel, it's valet parking only and costs about $30 per day).	
Apr 29 2005	Horrible Parking!	My fiance took me to San Francisco for my birthday and we stayed at the Courtyard by Marriott Downtown in San Francisco. When we pulled up, they had no parking unless you wanted to pay a rediculous amount for vallet which was about the price for the entire hotel stay. So we found a meter outside and we had to wake up at 6:45 am to put money in the meter. It would only take money for 1 hour so we had to keep going back all morning and the front desk said we had to move our vehicle, not keep feeding the meter. Unfriendly staff and horrible parking! Do not recommend this property!	
Apr 17 2005	Excellent	The hotel is fantasic value. I paid 100USD a night in January. The staff are more than helpful, I visited the hotel a few days before my stay to confirm my booking and they allowed me to select a room, I asked for a high room and they offered the top floor (18) and even a choice of view city / bay bridge.The location is good, there is a Metro station at the end of Second street, which is about a 5 minute walk.There was no mini bar in the room just bottled water but at $5 a bottle bit of a miss, but otherwise it was perfect, a sofa, coffee table, desk and chair, tv, king bed, tv, separate toilet/bath/shower and free high speed internet, complete with cable! Some pictures attached. Very clean hotel.	
Apr 2 2005	Comfortable stay in San Francisco	My family and I stayed at the Courtyard San Francisco Downtown between 3/19/05 and 3/23/05 so I could attend a conference at the Moscone Center. After considering many hotels, we selected the Courtyard Downtown and were very pleased. Pros: Within walking distance of the Moscone Center (~ 3 long blocks), Metreon and Yerba Gardens (~ 4 long blocks), several restaurants, and public transit (1 to 4 blocks depending on where you want to go). If you don't mind walking a bit further (~ 6-9 blocks), you can hit some decent shopping. I found the hotel to be in an area with less of a homeless problem than hotels closer to the Moscone Center and Union Square. The hotel is fairly new---only a couple of years old. The rooms were clean, quiet, and had excellent beds. Two conveniences we appreciated were the guest laundry (one each on the 15th and 17th floors) with free soap and reasonable charges for washer/dryer ($1/load) and a business center off of the lobby with two computers for guest use and an ATM machine. The lobby was attractive with a fireplace and a pleasant adjacent bar area for drinks in the early evening. We ate breakfast at the hotel and had room service for a late dinner one night and were pleased with the food. Parking is expensive ($35) as is the case at many hotels in San Fran. There is only valet parking on site, but there is a self-serve parking lot on Second Street at Howard (~ a block and one-half from the hotel) that is under $20. In spite of the cost, we did use the valet parking for its convenience and I can tell you that all experiences we had with the different valet parking employees were positive; I don't think we had to wait more than 3 to 5 minutes for our vehicle at any time. In fact, we were very pleased with the service and helpfulness of all employees we encountered at the hotel.Cons: Although the pool is inside, my husband and daughter found the water to be on the cold side. The only other thing I thought would have been nice would be to have had a small refrigerator in the room.All in all, we were very pleased with our experience and would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 29 2005	Highly recommended	Just back from 4 nights at the Courtyard Downtown = excellent, newish hotel = large nicely furnished room, big bathroom = good service at the front desk and in the bar . Only downside , the area is a bit dead at night and at the weekend as it is situated in the financial district and public transport is a 5 to 10 min walk to Market St but taxis always available outside.Rack rate 199$ but if you shop around you can find this hotel for 100$ including tax.I can highly recommend this hotel	
Feb 27 2005	Superb value	Stayed at this hotel Feb15th for 5 nights and can not praise this hotel more highly.The facilities are top class-lovely heated swimming pool and hot tub nice lounge with coal fires and beautiful comfortable bedrooms.The staff are absolutely excellant,really friendly and helpful without being gushy.Nice location near to Union Square and the SFMOMA.For what I paid I was completely satisfied and would recommend this hotel to anyone.I really enjoyed my time in San Francisco and would love to come back and if I do I will look no further than this hotel.Forgot to mention the breakfast here is also very good as is the room service.You would have to be very picky to find fault with this hotel.	
Feb 21 2005	What a great hotel!	My wife and I traveled on 02/16 for 4 nights to this hotel. We had a great time. The staff was very friendly and courteous as well as very helpfull. We requested a room on the high floor and we got it. We had a great city view of the financial district and the Transamerica tower. The room service, like any other hotel, was expensive but delicious. The lobby was beautiful. We never got a chance to try the pool or fitness center. The hotel is just 3 blocks away from public transportation pickups. (Bart, Muni, and Cable car) I would definitely reccomend this hotel to anyone looking for a very clean, neat, cozy, and inexpensive hotel. We will definitely be going back.	
Aug 19 2004	Great value!		
Aug 13 2004	Great Service		
Aug 12 2004	Good Hotel		
Jul 31 2004	Close to SBC Park		
Jul 7 2004	Good hotel - really slow valet		
Feb 13 2004	Good Downtown Hotel		
Jan 9 2004	Don't forget the orange juice!		
Dec 17 2003	Try the Courtyard downtown...		
Aug 18 2003	Found it OK		
Jun 29 2003	Courtyard Downtown		
Oct 31 2009 	???????????		
Nov 28 2008 	super		
