Oct 26 2009 	Avoid try somewhere else	in a word....AVOID.I am staying here for 5 nights paying almost 800 bucks for a king spa suite. Well day on after a 17 hour flight i look at the depressing reception hoping things are better upstairs well i was wrong. Given my room card, not told where to go, where the lift is or where the room is. Get to my room, its hot stuffy and smells funky, check the bathroom, no spa bath as advertised. Crappy TV, no wireless internet even though it was advertised and i asked the guy on the desk and he said it worked. SO i go down to see why the Internet wasn't working and was told it is and the guy shrugged his shoulder, then i ask about the bath and he said 'yeah so what do you want me to do' . Tired as I go back to my room, play with computer still no Internet, go down and tell the guy that i will be looking for another hotel.Left for about 3 hours come back and the guy says he has to apologise and offers me the room above, he says it has a bath, still no Internet. It does have a better TV, he also says he can call in a technician for the Internet but they wont be here tilll Monday. I accept, there is a big conference in town, no rooms available, (i booked this room ages ago).Anyway get to new room, 30 mins later the cable TV turns off, the guy downstairs said it has been playing up, they are waiting for the repair guy. The bath doesn't have spa, its just a little bath. Pillows are terrible, no air con. Very noisy from road and nightclub downstairs. Coffee machine in room has cups that are two big to go in, so first time i used it boiling coffee everywhere. The kitchenette doesn't have any plates or cutlery. The halls look like something out of the shining. The young ladies who clean the rooms are friendly, the desk guy not very helpful. The tea and coffee station doesn't get refreshed daily. Also found blood on the bedspread. The room is a good size though and the bed was OK, but did have to remake it each day cos the cover over the mattress is always creased. Oh yeah, one night got in at 4am and the door downstairs was open, noone on the desk, so anyone can get in and to the door to your room without a challenge. How safe is that!!!!Please note I am easily pleased, don't stay in posh hotels and don't feel value should equal crap.	
Oct 9 2009 	Hotel screams BUDGET in quality	My friend and I took a cross country trip, staying in 4 hotels from 4 cities. This was the hotel we stayed at in San Francisco. We did not have high expectations for any of the hotels we stayed at, given their low rates, but this hotel was the worst hotel I've ever stayed. The neighborhood made us a little uncomfortable. During our three nights stay there, we saw homeless people and drunks. Even the bus driver who dropped us off at the last stop offered to drop us off a little closer to the hotel because he was worried that us two ladies were traveling alone.Some of the staff at the Front Desk are nicer than others. The guy that checked us in wasn't very friendly, but the guy that checked us out was more cordial. And as for the room, our window was facing the side of the next building, so we got little sunlight. The room was so small we barely had room to unpack our luggage (we had only 1 luggage each). The worst was the stained linens and pillows. One of our pillows was so stained we couldn't even look at it and hid it in one of the drawers. Both of our comforters had blotches of brown stains on them. They really need to bleach them, or better yet, replace them with new ones!However, there were two things I did like. The complimentary juice and coffee offered in the mornings were refreshing, but they place the same muffins out day after day until they're all gone. We also liked that there was a huge supermarket a couple of blocks away that reminded me of a smaller Whole Foods.	
Oct 8 2009 	A good budget hotel.	This is a value/budget(2 star) facility. Knowing this in advance will let you have reasonable expectations. The neighborhood is not the best-it's somewhat run down with numerous homeless people on the streets (in all 5 days we were there we were not bothered/harassed by the homeles @ all). if you're from a big city or have vacationed in a big city, you will not feel unsafe. It's about a 10 minute walk from the Civic Center BART station located on Market and 8th(also the location of numerous public transportation routes as well). The hotel rooms are basic, clean, and a bit cramped. The Wi-Fi access/speed is great, the television programming needs improvement since there are very few channels available. The breakfast provided consists of muffins, coffee, and juice. Most restaurants are about a 10 minute walk from the hotel. If you're looking for a no frills, budget hotel, you'll be satisifed. However, if you are accustomed to 3-5 star facilities this is not the hotel for you.	
Oct 8 2009 	Americas WORST Value Inn 	This hotel is great if you don't mind other people's pubic hairs in your shower, the stench of mold and mildew throughout the room, the nightly noise of the downstairs bar 'till 4 AM, or the fact that the maid service only involves the making of the bed. Don't expect the room to be vacuumed or surfaces of any sort to be wiped down during your stay. Also, there are stains on the bedding and the furniture - which don't leave much room for the imagination. It is close to some decent restaurants and the Bart - but you might be better off joining one of the many homeless people in the street for the night.	
May 9 2009 	Poor	Before leaving home, my trip to SFO was booked at 50%. This hotel was a plan B when I was searching for accommodation. I booked on line (I found pricing high but was last minute). Checking went well though the guy at front desk could be a bit more welcoming. Room looked ok at first sight but once in, I realised that the king-size bed is too huge, a normal queen bed would allow the room to &quot;breathe&quot;. The furnitures need to be refresh, there were spots on the chair, the wall... Shower was not functionnal, toilet blocked the next day, there was no real housekeeping, just making the bed. True, I just needed a bed, I am not looking for perfection, but there was a problem in all aspect, then please just avoid.	
Dec 21 2008 	Good basic hotel	Pleasant, fairly basic hotel about a mile from the centre of San Francisco. My room was nice and clean, and the furniture and bathroom appeared reasonably new. No coffee-making facilities or other frills, but that's not too surprising given the price. Breakfast consisting of coffee (no millk unfortunately, only whitener), juice and muffins/pastries is provided, and was perfectly adequate for me. Staff were pleasant, and the service good; wireless internet was also available.The location is ok, with good bus links to San Francisco airport, amongst other places. I felt reasonably safe walking to and from the city centre, particularly once I'd discovered the Folsom/4th Street route rather than 7th/Market. However, I was not keen to wander too far alone at night. Fortunately, there are a number of restaurants withing a block or two of the hotel, so this need not be a problem! There is also a small supermarket/convenience store next door.Overall, this hotel seemed to me to be a good choice for travellers looking for a base within walking distance of downtown San Francisco, but who don't wish to pay high prices. I would certainly consider staying here again, although I would also investigate options in the city centre.	
Oct 6 2008 	very good location. good rooms. nice breakfast.	a very nice hotel, located very good. nice breakfast (muffin, juice, coffe/tea).the service is fine, not incredible, but fine.parking is 12$ near the hotel or 6$ 5min walk.you can get to city center in 10min slow walk.the eara is filled with nice bars/pubs/restaurants.you get a very good worth for your money.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great new addition to SOMA budget hotel choice.	We usually stay at the Best Western or HoJo Express on Market Street (now Vagabond Inn) - but gave this new hotel a try based on price and website plus TA reviews. Great Choice. Lobby is modern and clean with friendly, helpful front desk. Coffee, juice and muffins available in the morning. No staff at night, but your room key opens the front door. Room was fine with king bed, cable TV, desk, reading chair and small bathroom with tub/shower and marble on the floor/walls. Small refrig in room was nice. Pillows could be better and the shower curtain was a bit cruddy at the bottom (although very stylish) - but we saved more than $75 per night over the other choices in the area, so I wasn't going to complain...Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 31 2008	good deal	Clean and convenient. Ten minutes walk from market street. coffee and muffins for breakfast,	
Oct 24 2007 	Great place / Reasonable price	There are quite a few hotels in San Francisco - and hotels with parking area is a plus!! The hotel has 2 location and I went to the one in Lombard St. - The location is perfect and if you wish and like walking - it is walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf (that in itself saved me money for parking area) specially that part of the tourist attraction - Close to the beach. :)The outside is not much and deceiving - Rooms are clean, and big. The front desk is efficient, friendly and transactions for check in and out - was fast. The room has all the ammenities like mini microwace, fridge and cable - there is remote control - stored in front desk for they said that the remote usually gets stolen... There is even ironing board and an iron inside my room. Like that &quot;unhappy&quot; person mentioned about the shower - their shower works - like me I just did not know how to turn it on.I ENJOYED MY STAY AND WOULD RECOMMEND PLACE -	
Oct 20 2007	Perfectly good	I was very wary after reading the first review below, but the price was tempting, so I booked one night. After I checked in and saw the room, I immediately booked two more nights and then the entire following week; it was that good a value. The person below must have thought they were booking a Marriott... it is not; it is an economy accommodation and a good one at that.The hotel is simple, but very clean and comfortable. Everything is new: the paint, the beds and linen, the carpets, the furniture, the iron and board. It did use to be a hostel, but they've done an excellent job in renovating when they converted into a hotel. The rooms are not terribly large but will comfortably house two guests. They also have a few large suites. They really should hurry up and put up a new name sign on the building; they still have the Globe Hostel sign up.There are the little quirks of a newly-opened place: in some rooms they forgot to refresh the paint inside the bathroom cabinet; but the fixtures are all new and spotless. The window shades are cheap and some are already cracking, but with the thick attractive double curtains - that's not an issue really (they should probably just removed the shades altogether). They should keep the TV remotes in the rooms rather than have to ask for one from the front desk.The location is quite a hike from the touristy places, but bus #12 around the corner will take you there. There are no homeless in the immediate area, and besides the bar downstairs, it's really quiet (ask for a room in the back away from the bar).The front desk people are nice, especially Marvin who seems to always be there.The guests are mostly pleasant middle-class tourists. The neighboring buildings are clean modern lofts and townhouses.Parking is only available a block away, but if you're just staying overnight and will be leaving before 8AM then you can park on the street.Breakfast is lousy, consisting of greasy muffins and coffee. Excellent full breakfasts are available at the restaurant around the corner and at the cool Brain Wash cafe-laundromat across the street. Brain Wash has other great food and live performances for you to enjoy while you do your laundry. Get a $1 coupon from the laundry attendant for use at the cafe.Go on the hotel's website and get a free membership which will allow you to book at a significantly discounted rate. Booking on their website also allows you to cancel up to 24hrs ahead with no charge, unlike Expedia or other websites that impose a cancellation fee.Bottom line: good value for the money for an economy hotel, safe and clean.	
Sep 17 2007 	Great Place and value	Me and 2 friends flew in on the 7th and the front desk checked us in very fast and was curteous. The palce used to be called the globe hostel and the only sign showing that it was americas best value inn was a banner in the window, but that wasnt a problem. We got to our room and I was very surprised to how clean it was. Ive stayed in a hostel before and it was 2 beds, a bathroom and wasnt the cleanest place, but this room however was more like a standard hotel, 2 beds nicely made, a clean floor, a drawer and mirror and even a table and chair. the bathroom also had marble flooring and a hair dryer. There was even daily maid service coming in to clean the room and bathroom daily which is something you dont even find in motels alot of times. the front desk was friendly in calling cabs for us when needed and there werent any homeless people until a few blocks down, and at night just to get into the main doors you needed to swipe a room key to get in for added protection. The only downside was the ac wasnt hooked up yet becuase of remodeling but with the cool temps in SF you could open the windows and itd be just fine.	
Aug 22 2007 	A Hotel Experience to Forget	NOTHING IS ACCEPTABLE at this hotel, which seems like a family business. It was a child of about 10 years of age who checked us in. The lobby is small, looks very old, and unclean. The shower and telephone did not work; the TV doesn't even have a remote. The location is completely &quot;offside&quot;, as it is located on a dark and sparse little street. My advice to other travelers: DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL.	
Jan 13 2009 	Très moyen		
