	Happy surprise in San Francisco	The hotel has a great location and good prize! Rooms are clean, breakfast is simple but good. People at the reception are not so gentle, but at the end it's not a problem...	
Nov 3 2009 	Great hotel for location but rooms are noisy.	The Grant was situated in a great spot. Just remember that you have to walk up and down the hill all the time. You can walk to china town easily and to the centre. The breakfast was a muffin and coffee or tea. You could have a coffee or tea during the day or pay for a cuppa from the machine. i.e. cuppaccino,latte etc.The rooms even at the back of the hotel were noisy.You can hear the trolley car at night from the rooms. No airconditioning only fans.	
Oct 18 2009 	San Fran-tastic	I stayed here in April 2008, and have been wanting to go back ever since. The staff were friendly upon arrival, and my room pleasantly surprised me. Even though I'd researched the Grant and looked at other traveller's photos, I wasn't expecting it to be this good for what I paid, especially compared to the cost of other hotels around Union Square. My bed was really comfortable and the bathroom, although slightly dated, definitely did the job. The 'view' from my window was a brick wall, but from reviews I'd read, I knew to expect this. San Francisco is a wonderful city though, so you won't be spending much time staring out your window, longing for a view. The Grant is in an excellent location - just 2 blocks from Union Square and within walking distance of the financial district, Fisherman's Wharf (albeit a long-ish walk) and hundreds of amazing cafes and restaurants! Stay at the Grant, stay away from the Tenderloin district, and you'll have a fantastic trip.	
Oct 13 2009 	Grant Hotel met our needs perfectly	My wife found this hotel on the internet, and we were a bit skeptical because was &quot;cheap&quot; for what we expected in San Francisco. But we were very pleasantly surprised. Was like a tourist class hotel. Not many amenities, but we did not need any. Fit our needs perfectly. Great location. Rooms not large but adequate. Our room had no view, but we left the hotel early and got back late. Would definitely consider staying here again. Had a wonderful time in SF and the Grant Hotel was a big part of this.	
Aug 16 2009 	Good location but a little disapointed	We stayed there only one night. The room was ok but a little small. The bathroom was large, but there was no countertop. Ask at the reception before parking your car, you'll get a great discount (parking is quite expensive in the area!). The woman at the reception was very nice and allowed us to get our room earlier. It was the less expensive hotel we found but we still expected a little more. No breackfast included, but there was free doughnuts and muffins available (and orange juice for about 1$)	
Aug 4 2009 	great hotel 	Stayed at the Grant for 5 nights, from July 12th - 17th. Booked the room very early and got a nice response from Karin. Had room 105, which is at the back of the hotel on the ground floor. Excellent !! Room was spacious and clean. Everything was at walking distance: Cable car stop, streetcar stop at Market street, a 7 - eleven for groceries, union square and so on. upon arrival I was welcomed and directed to my room. No more than 5 minutes later I was brought a fridge that I had requested. Talking about fast !! In the mornings they serve a simple but tasteful breakfast. Cleaning was done promptly. Absolutely no complaints what so ever. Checkout was a breeze. If you stay here more than one night and you intend to do a lot of sightseeing it might be worthwhile to get a Munipas. That will give you unlimited use of the muni - busses, streetcars and cablecars. A single ride on a cable car is $ 5, where as the munipas is about $ 20 for 7 days !!!If you are looking for a good hotel and don't need a 5 star Hilton stay at the Grant Hotel !!	
Aug 3 2009 	Not impressed	We stayed at The Grant Hotel after looking for somewhere reasonably priced in the heart of San Francisco. Indeed, the location is superb, just minutes away from the brilliant Union Square. I suppose if you're unfit the walk might pose a problem as the hill is a bit steep, but it shouldn't be a problem for most people.We got there quite late and we fell asleep as soon as we got in. The room was quite cramped, and backed directly onto another building, meaning no natural light (as pictures). The building itself could do with some TLC, even if it's just a fresh paint job, and the breakfast is very limited. It was cheap though, so were happy to live with it for the 3 nights we were there, given the location.However, the following night when we got in, we noticed something we'd missed the first night, which was quite a few long black hairs in the bed. As I have very short hair, and my girlfriend has long blond hair, they clearly weren't ours. Not a huge deal, we went to reception and asked for fresh sheets, which the guy at reception insisted wasn't necessary as the beds were cleaned every other night. He finally decided to come and inspect the bed for himself, at which point he basically called us liars, even when we found several of the hairs right in front of him. He eventually agreed to give us fresh sheets, which we had to fit ourselves. We begrudgingly stayed for the final night, but if we'd been staying much longer we would have been searching for alternate accommodation, even if it meant sacrificing the great location.Location aside, I can't think of a single positive thing to say about the place. Other reviews seem largely positive, so perhaps we were just unlucky, but on personal experience, I'd recommend staying elsewhere.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great priced hotel in good location	We asked for a quiet room and were given a big room on the ground floor with a walk in shower and it was very quiet. It is in excellent location almost in down town and very close to retaurants and the cable car. There is free internet access and the breakfast pastries are very fresh with a good variety. It is excellent value for money. There is a diner very near by called the Cable Car Cafe which provides great food at a very realistic price - try the banana splitAlso if you wish to visit Alcatraz book your tickets on line before you go as they can be fully booked out and it is a trip you would not want to miss!! The other piece of advice is to pack warrm clothes as it was cold and windy there in mid July.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great location clean and well priced.	So many hotels in SF but this one really suited our stay ( 4 nights) and it was very reasonably priced. No frills and breakfast was drinks &amp; doughnuts. Plenty of restraunts close by. Easy walk downhill to Market street to all the transport, &amp; get the tram back up if you wish. Rooms were clean and window can be opened for fresh air, though noisy -which is SF, if you are OK with that. Union Square close by.Not sure how winter would go, as I noticed the radiators were a bit sus and no air con. 2 computers with free access downstairs in the lobby.Digital safe in room.Overal I rated this high due to price, location and cleaniness.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great rates but not service dog friendly	After reading the reviews on this website, I expected a clean room and clean bathroom. Our room was clean and much larger than we were lead to expect from the reviews. We stayed 4 nights and I never did get accustomed to the radical slope of the floor. The floor slopped away from the outside wall at the rate of about ¾ inches per foot. The windows did not lock but since the room was on the 5th floor I didn’t see that as a big issue. The windows also did not seal so we heard anything and everything that happened on the street below. The only thing I found unacceptable at the Grant was that after they found out I had a service dog, they tried to tell me I couldn’t stay at their hotel because they had a, no pets, policy. I tried to work with to help them understand that under the federal Americans with Disabilities Act, my service animal is allowed in the hotel. Once they understood I had the legal right to stay, they put a great deal of effort into trying to make me move to a much less desirable room. When I politely refused to change rooms, the staff simply scowled at me anytime I had to go through the lobby. My advice is that if you have a service animal and want to stay at the Grant because it is a good room value in downtown San Francisco; get your room number assigned prior to checking in or you will get the worst room they have to offer. (after you convince them that you have a legal right to stay with them)	
Jun 1 2009 	Good stay............but....	I stayed for 2 nights at the Grant. Fabulous location, room was nice, roomy, clean, computers in the lobby to use.. Front desk was helpful........But........... there were some &quot;little&quot; things that bothered me. The room was really warm, and no thermostat control. You could open the windows, but the traffic was too loud. I bought a small fan at Walgreens and it made it bearable. i know this is picky, but I expect to have Kleenex in a hotel room, there was none. No Fridge, No coffee maker. Just the little things that one has come to expect in a hotel. But this is a budget place, so there are no frills. I would go back...........but bring my own &quot;stuff&quot;, now that i know!	
May 7 2009 	Excellent location good value	This hotel was ideal for me: excellent location with 10 minute walk uphill Powell Street BART Station. Easy access everywhere by foot or by 2 cable car lines. I asked and got a room with no street noise. Now in low season at least one of the 2 free internet stations downstairs was always available. The humble complimentary breakfast is a joke. However there are several breafast places just around the corner down Powell Street, max 3 minute walk. 24 hours or open from early morning.I as a single traveller enjoyed my stay very much.	
Jan 9 2009	Great location and value but can use a bit more polish	Loved the location and the lobby is obviously updated. However, the room felt kind of old (but not bad for comfort). The one big flaw is the fact that the room had a strong smell of cleaning chemicals (we left the window open each day). No complaints about the service.	
Dec 4 2008 	Great Location and Value	Having stayed in San Francisco a few times I was specifically looking for a hotel in this area.It's location by Union Square and China Town is ideal for getting out and seeing the city and its attractions.Parking is available at a discounted rate across the street from the hotel which was useful as we picked our car up from the airport (although its worth noting that several hire companies are located within this area).Checking in was fast and the reception staff friendly. We were upgraded to a bigger room which gave a great view of the street below, there was some noise from cleaning trucks in the early morning but wasn't too much of a problem.The room was sparse but clean and larger than most I've stayed in SF.The Quality of the hotel is very good for the price especially when you compare to other hotels on the same block.I'll definitely stay here when I next visit SF.	
Nov 29 2008 	A reasonable Hotel and reasonable Offer!	The Grant is a decent place to stay in SF and also have the people with customer services knowledge. I was driving up to SD to SF last month for a urgent family reunion. Grant was the only place I can get a room with reasonable price and a hurry! Moreover, with packing space across the street and location near the Union Square are both bonus to my visit. Overall, I was glad after 8 hours driving, I can find a decent place to wash and sleep.	
Nov 21 2008 	Good locationQuite Clean and Great price	We spent 4 night at Grant hotel, a very good choice for us for the first time visit San Francisco. The hotel is located just right in down, Union Square, Cable car are just in a block away. China town only 2 blocks distance. Our 4 nights stay at Grant hotel based on all our expected. Quite, Clean. comfortable.	
Nov 18 2008 	BED BUGS and more BED BUGS	After a couple nights stay I noticed a few itchy, reddish bumps all over my arms and legs. A bit of research on the web revealed that they might be bed bugs. This was confirmed that very night with a bed bug happily walking across our pillow!We complained and the manager casually offered us another room. This casual attitude gave us the impression that we were probably not the first to experience this. We were offered a free night but to be honest, the pain and discomfort, and the effort in having to wash all our clothes of any possible infestation when we still had another 2 weeks of travelling to do, didn't seem to make up for any of it.This budget hotel is in a great location, but so too are many others. I still have scars on my arms 3 weeks after we left. You get what you pay for.	
Nov 10 2008 	great stay	I stayed in a single room at the grant hotel for four nights.LOCATIONat corner Bush and Powell St (cable car stop), near union square, walking distance to Powell St BART-stop (to/from airport). pretty much everything at the doorstep.ROOMthe room was big enough, a big bed, TV (althou not the best reception but who bothers on a city trip), walk-in closet, safe, bathroom very big and clean. the building is not new at all but has its charm. sometimes there was a funny smell on the corridor but it did not bother me since the room itself was fine.OTHERthere are two working stations in the lobby with internet. Wi-Fi is accessible in the lobby for free. in the morning there is complimentary coffe/tea and pastry in the lobby. there is also a microwave in the lobby which is quite handy.STAFFnothing to complain about.CONCLUSIONI had a great time at the Grant Hotel and would go back anytime. the price at 82+tax is good. the location is great to explore SF. can only recommend.	
Oct 14 2008 	European Average	The Grant definitely has a great location and for San Francisco, the price is pretty good too. I tend to think of an &quot;average&quot; hotel (by American standards) as a typical Holiday Inn. The Grant was more like an average hotel from what I'm used to in my travels to Europe... which is not a bad thing, just something to consider. The building and its amenities are old... which can be considered charming. The rooms aren't spacious and have stark fluorescent lighting. The beds seem tired... as do the small towels. Everything worked though and it was quiet. The breakfast pastries were average too. There was nothing special about this hotel, but based on the great location and above average value I would certainly consider staying there again.	
Oct 13 2008 	solid calue good location	Just returned from 9 days in California, spent about 3 nights at the Grant based on the reviews I read. It was pretty much as I expected. quite clean, though the rugs in the rooms could stand to be replaced, the room, while bare bones, was comfy and worked for a few days, (can't beat the price of 88.00 per night) all the peple at the front desk very nice. Most of the people were young, one lady, who I asume is the 'crabby' lady, wasn't very crabby at all. There were 2 computers in the lobby for internet access, occasionally, people would monopolize the computers. The hotel was a little nicer inside than out. There were complimentary doughnuts and muffins and coffee, and green tea, and for a small charge a few other beverages. The location was great, just down the street from the famed cablecars, close to Union square and close to chinatown, Very hilly, the walking can be tough.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great Location + Low Price = Graet Trip	The Grant Hotel is a fine choice for a hotel for the budget minded tourist heading to San Francisco. Don't worry about the interior of the rooms, they're just fine. You'll be spending most of your day out and about anyways. The hotel is located just down the street from the Powell St Cable Car as well as Chinatown. Parking is conveniently located across the street, and the hotel &amp; garage offer a discount on parking. The staff at the hotel was very accommodating. We asked for a extra bed to be placed in our room at check-in, and it was there within a few hours. The lady working behind the counter wasn't always in the best of moods, but there was a young man at the counter in the afternoons &amp; evenings that was very helpful in answering any questions that we asked him. There is free net access via two computers in the lobby, but they are both Macs. Fine for surfing the net though. The free continental breakfast was a great way to start off each morning. I would definitely stay at the Grant Hotel during my next visit to San Francisco, and I recommend you do the same too.	
Sep 10 2008 	Grant is great	My wife and I stayed at the Grant this past Labor day weekend.We booked it through Expedia and got a great rate. The Hotel exceded all our expectations. After reading some of the reviews and seeing the prices of other hotels in the area, I didn't know what to expect. The hotel is located near Chinatown and Union square.The area is good enough to have other hotels that cost $400.00 a night. The grant cost us $90.00 a night including taxes.They also have parking across the street for $20.00 a day which is great for The city.The room and the bathroom were large and clean. The service was excellent, every request was granted. The continental breakfast consisted of good quality muffins and croissants.The coffee machine offered free coffee throughout the day.The cable car stop was right beside the hotel. However even though the city is hilly it is a great walking city.I would stay here every time I visited. It was a wonderful experience.ThanksLocation, Location, Location	
Aug 17 2008 	Clean and Good Location	I stayed here for a weekend by myself (single female) and was happy with the service and the rooms. It is a budget hotel but was clean and comfortable and would happily stay here again. It was close to trams and trains. Had a safe in the room which was good to keep valuables in.	
Aug 3 2008 	Good location	-Rooms ok (bathrooms are pretty clean)-continental breakfast included-VERY good location, 2 min from U. Square	
Aug 1 2008 	Great Location Great Price	We only spent one night at the Grant Hotel. We were on a very quick tour of San Francisco. The hotel's location was very convenient to China Town, Cable Cars, shopping. Located across the street from a secure valet parking place (good rate through the hotel, $ 20 per 24-hour period).Lobby nicely decorated, internet access (2 computers), nice furniture, piano. Seems like they're renovating hotel because first floor looked new but our 4th floor wasn't new. Our bathroom was newly remodeled and clean with a large counter. Room was dated and small-ish but had big walk-in closet, TV, desk and chair. Bed was so-so and they only gave us one pillow each. I was going to ask for more, but never got to it.For a basic, clean, comfortable night's sleep, this place was great. There was a small continental breakfast, basically muffins and coffee only, more of a grab and go but it is something. If you're looking for any amenities, there aren't any! But if you want a great location and basic accommodations, this place will definitely do.Ask for a room on the side or back of hotel as there are no AC's and you need to keep window open for ventilation. Street rooms might be noisy. Would stay again.	
Jul 5 2008 	Good Hotel	Great location, walking distance to shopping area, prefect for catching cable car &amp; walking distance to China Town.Clean room, no air conditioning (we had cool weather, so no big deal), hotel with lift &amp; free internet, good to grab a muffin on-the-go (don't expect breakfast)Staff at reception were very friendly &amp; helpful.I'd immediately stay again, if I come back to San Fran!	
Jun 6 2008 	Great Place for a Great Price	This hotel was great for us. The room was great and they provided pastries in the morning in the lobby. They also have free internet access for guests! The staff was pretty friendly but they were very confused when our friend that stayed with us only a couple of nights tried to pay for his parking before my husband and I checked out. This came up again when we checked out 2 days later. Everything worked out in the end but it was a bit stressful. The location is great - right near Union Square. The only downside is that it is located at the top of a hill and so you need to walk up it each time you want to go back there. Plan accordingly!Overall we had a great experience and would go back in a heartbeat.	
Jun 1 2008 	Okay hotel	The hotel is perfectly located (at Bush and Powell Street) with the cable car, Union Square and China Town close by. Price is good for a low budget hotel in this area.The plus is free internet and breakfast.We were quite surprised to get into our room one night and saw that they had put another bed in our room...	
May 21 2008 	Run Down	Mrs and I would be in SF for a whole week so we wanted a hotel that was affordable. I searched the web and through hotels.com I booked the 7 days at the Grant (after reading most of the reviews from various websites). I really didn't expect it to be that old and rundown, but it was clean. Mrs was very disappointed but she never complained... not much anyway. The carpet was old, the whole place needed painting, doors to the bathroom and closet couldn't close; there was a string to turn the light on/off in the closet; the free continental breakfast which included day old pastries and instant coffee was ok; and there was an unusual odor reeking from the hall way (I guess from one of the other room??). On the plus note the location was great: close to Union Square, China Town, Cable Car/Powell near by, lots of bars and restaurants within walking distance, two computers with internet service for free, and a Walgreens 2 blocks away.	
May 19 2008 	Wonderful Budget Hotel	This hotel was great - exactly as expected! We stayed four nights in late April/early May, after two nights at a more expensive hotel, and liked the Grant better.The room had a very comfortable bed, good tv with clear reception, and we found the staff very friendly and enthusiastic to talk about San Francisco and make recomendations. We had muffins from the continental breakfast every morning, and pizza from Uncle Vito's across the street three times. We used the Internet on the lobby computers several times and the wait was never long. We were back in the room before 8pm every night, just chilling out. It was always clean and warm and comfortable.The location was absolutly perfect - great restaurants nearby (other than Uncle Vitos, we also went to the sushi place on that street and Lori's Diner down Powell), easy walk to the cable car, the street car and the BART - we bought a CityPass and only used transit throughout the trip, no cabs whatsoever. There was also a WalGreens down the street where we bought Cherry Coke (unavailable in Canada), trail mix, and discount Ghirardelli chocolate bars, which we kept in the room fridge. The Grant was a little farther from the &quot;sketchy&quot; part of town than expected - we were asked for money a lot less staying at the Grant then down the road at Parc55.Yes, the window looked out at a wall, but on the upside there was absolutly no noise. The &quot;smell&quot; people talked about was barely noticible - if I hadn't been looking for it, I wouldn't have noticed. The only other problem we had was that our bathroom door did not fully shut, and the staff didn't seem too bothered about it when we reported it. We didn't care, but others might. ON the supbjet of the bathroom, the bathtub was roomy and there was plenty of hot water.We got the room through Expedia and got a rate of $58 per night. Having stayed there once, I'd go as high as $90 before I paid for a more expensive hotel again. This was our first vacation in two years and thanks to the Grant, everything was perfect.	
May 15 2008 	Bed Bugs!	The pictures referenced in this listing are not for the address mapped for this listing. I stayed here in early May 2008. It was a dingy, poorly lit room with rough sheets, an uncomfortable bed, mold in the shower, nothing on the walls and BED BUGS!!! I think there is another hotel with the nameGrant that is getting confused with the one on Bush between Mason and Powell which is where I stayed. The elevator is shaky. The &quot;wireless&quot; is only in a small section of the lobby with one table, a dirty couch and two dirty arm chairs for seating. The continental breakfast is only limited pastries and if you want orange juice it's $1.50 extra. We were able to check-in an hour early, it's close to public transport and it is a low rate but none of this makes it worth it. The bed bug bites still haven't gone away and I've been home for a week!	
Apr 6 2008 	Not Bad For The Price and Location	We booked this hotel early Feb for our March 31, 4 night stay and we got the room at $76/night + tax.Check in with the &quot;crabby old lady&quot; was fast, she just asked for my name, id and credit card (don't know what for...room was prepaid-but was returned eventually w/o swiping). No one to help with your luggage also but that's just fine with me. We got the room in less than 15 minutes. Was given room 301 which faces Bush St., which can get quite noisy because of traffic on the street and at all hours. Room size is ok, so was bathroom w/c has bathtub/shower combo, hot water and some toiletries and also 4 sets of bath towels. The hallway also has some weird/funny smell as mentioned before.Location is great, just a few steps to the cable car, 2 blocks down to Union Square, 2 blocks to Chinatown and across Alamo/National car rental (w/c I would use going to LA). I suggest you get the Muni Passport or Citypass (w/c includes Muni Passport) so you'd have no problems with public transport. Although it's only 2 blocks to Union Square, coming from Union Square is a steep and very tiring climb up...we're not used to SF up and down streets. Breakfast was as stated, pastries and free coffee, that's it. You can try going to Chinatown for congee or down to Union Square for some American breakfast. Internet on hotel's 2 computer is free as is wifi in the lobby. We didn't have any problems with computer usage in the mornings we were there. Regarding the &quot;crabby old lady&quot;, she reminds me of my grandmother so I didn't have any problems with her. Some people just aren't &quot;people persons&quot; but they're the ones that take care of the business. She was there mostly mornings until afternoons. She's Thai/Chinese, so if you can, speak to her in her language - that's the way to get on her good side.	
Mar 6 2008 	Lukewarm On The Grant Hotel	I recently stayed four nights at The Grant Hotel in San Francisco and found this hotel to have both positive and negative things going for it.On the positive side, the location simply can't be beat: the proximity to cable cars, attractions, Union Square and restaurants is outstanding. The hotel’s public areas and the room I stayed in were kept absolutely spotless. Clean sheets were provided every couple of days, and plenty of clean towels were supplied and changed daily. My room had been renovated at some point; there were newer furnishings and new fixtures in the bathroom (the medicine cabinet was a nice touch), but occasional spots of water damage high on the walls and ceilings could clearly be seen.There was a safe in the room, which is always a nice feature. Also provided was a clock radio, phone and television. There was a huge closet in the room and lots of storage space in the dresser and cabinets. I was lucky enough to get a room at the back of the hotel so if you want some peace and quiet I would recommend requesting a room that is not fronting on Bush Street. There was free Internet access on a computer in the lobby but good luck in trying to use it – there was always a lineup of people waiting to use it and the same people seemed to monopolize the system during the entire time I stayed there. There is a free &quot;breakfast&quot; at the Grant Hotel which basically consists of muffins, coffee or tea. This will keep you going, though, until you hit the streets and find a real breakfast location (there are plenty of these on the surrounding streets - Lori's Diner is always a good bet).That &quot;funny smell&quot; mentioned by other reviewers permeates the building - lobby, elevator, hallways, rooms; from the moment I first stepped into the lobby I could smell it. It's a strange, slightly unpleasant odour that is hard to describe, and it seems to be masked by some kind of deodorant spray. I found that by the second day, though, I had simply become used to it and it was not that noticeable unless I really paid attention to it.On the negative side of things, the customer service at the Grant Hotel is simply atrocious. I can forgive a lot of unpleasant things while staying in budget hotels, but there is no excuse in any class of hotel for bad customer service. When I arrived (very late at night), I was met at the front desk by a man who would initially only respond in grunts and monosyllables at best. Throughout the check-in process his manner alternated between indifference, rudeness and arrogance. Obviously it was a great imposition that I was checking in. After a few more grunts and slurred conversation from this guy, I finally got checked in and found my room. This was the last kind of attitude I wanted to be greeted with after a much-delayed and problematic 12-hour flight to San Francisco. If I had not already pre-paid for my room prior to arrival I would have sought out another hotel, even though it was well after midnight and I was in an unfamiliar city. The front desk day staff did not fair much better during my visit; there was a VERY crabby woman on duty throughout the days who would never exchange any greetings except for an icy cold, hostile glare. I abandoned any thought of asking this staff for assistance in getting around the city, as I could only imagine the response I would have received. I know the Grant Hotel is rated a 2-star hotel and one shouldn't expect too much when staying at 2-stars, but all the same it is inexcusable to treat your guests in this fashion. The only bright spot in the front desk staff was the younger Asian man who was on duty a couple of afternoons and one evening. What a contrast to the others - he was very friendly, helpful and had superb customer service skills. Only when I spoke with him did I feel like a welcome guest at this hotel.In general, the Grant Hotel is a little worn and tired here and there, but this can be expected with an older building such as this. The pictures on their web site are very deceiving and were probably taken several years ago after the renovations were completed. Would I stay at the Grant Hotel again? - I don't think so. For the same (or possibly less) money I'm sure there are plenty of other good budget hotels in San Francisco where the guest is treated with the respect they deserve. For a little more money, one could stay at either the Cornell Hotel or the Golden Gate Hotel (each a few doors down in opposite directions from the Grant Hotel) and, I'm sure, would be greeted (and treated) with a lot more respect.	
Feb 24 2008 	Small Budget...good hotel	I was on a business visit to San Francisco, i was looking for a good budget hotel. I found this hotel while surfing on Internet. I called to the Hotel and they offered me a good deal i was staying for a longer period. The hotel is very close to the Chinatown, Union Square and yes, special mention, Cable Cars.The rooms are decent with all the basic amenities like Refrigerator, Iron Board, TV, Locker.Good points :  Free Internet access at lobby. Free Breakfast in morning. Helpful staff Some of the downsides are: No Oven in room You need to contact external Internet Service Provider for Internet as Hotel provides only in Lobby.Overall: A good hotel if you want more in less moneyBest,Koustubh	
Jan 16 2008 	Great Location Value	Our room was $85 a night and it met our needs perfectly. The gentlemen at check in was very helpful with maps, things to do and a great tip with the 3 day ($18) or 1 day ($11) public transport ticket - including cable car which is on the first corner down at Powell St. he also recommended a back room which was one of the quitest rooms we have stayed in on our trip so far. Our room was perfect - clean, comfy bed, nice hot showers and wireless internet. They also have a computer in reception area with fresh pastry and tea / coffee for breakfast.	
Nov 23 2007 	Wonderful Location Great Price	My hubby and I went to San Francisco for our first anniversary trip and stayed at The Grant Hotel. The staff was friendly and our room was cute. Don't expect a huge room, but it was great for the inexpensive price. We stayed on the first floor in what looked like one of their newly remodeled rooms. We had a cute view of the street behind the hotel. One block from Union Square and next to the Powell Line Cable Car. There's an &quot;interesting&quot; adult club a couple doors down, but the club seemed out of place in the neighborhood. Great pizza place, Uncle Vito's, on the corner. Over all, if you want a nice, safe, clean place to sleep in a convienent location, this is a great hotel.	
Nov 21 2007 	A wonderful place to stay	The Grant Hotel is ideally located only a block away from Union Square, 3 blocks away from China Town gate. Very convenient for travelers who uses public transportation. There is a car rental office across the street. Also very convenient for guests who need to return cars or rent a car. The room I stayed was not big, but good size for one or two. The bathroom was newly renovated, with marble counter top. I found the sink being outside was strange at first but eventually found it making sense, for one can use the toilet while other can use the sink. The room was very clean and tastefully furnished. There was no &quot;smell&quot; in my room. I guess I was quite lucky, because my room was exactly like the photo posted online.I did notice some smell during the noon time in the lobby one day. The smell was not offensive to me since it was some kind of aroma of oriental food. I noticed there was guests using the microwave oven at the front desk counter. When I return in the afternoon, the smell was gone. So I assumed the smell was from the guests' food. Frankly speaking, I don't think the hotel can have control over that.The front desk staff, especially the evening shift staff, were very friendly. The maids were helpful as well. With the price we paid, I found this place one of the best valued hotel in downtown San Francisco. My experience at Grant Hotel was very pleasant. Will definitely recommend this place to all my family and friends.	
Nov 19 2007 	Good Find In San Francisco	When I arrived, the man at the front desk was very pleasant. He pointed to an area where they have free tea, etc available 24 hours a day (cappuccinos, etc are available at a reasonable cost). The lobby was nicely decorated with a fireplace and antique furniture. There is a computer with internet access available free of charge, although there is a minimum 50 cents charge if you want to print something. This is an old hotel, but seems to be kept in good condition. I didn't not notice any &quot;smell&quot; either in the lobby or in my room as a couple of other people have suggested. My room was clean, but of course it was obvious that it was in an old building. The bathroom appeared as if it had been completely remodeled recently to the most modern standards with marble countertop, etc, and included a hair dryer mounted on the wall. Unfortunately, the sink drain seemed to be somewhat sluggish, but everything else, including water pressure, etc was ok. The shampoos provided were simply single use plastic packets. When I made the reservation, I had requested that a small refrigerator be placed in my room, and it was indeed there and cold inside. A free safe was in the room, but oddly, it was simply placed on top of one of the nightstands and wasn't bolted down. The view out of my window was a solid brick wall about 6 feet away but this didn't bother me at all as I like a quiet room and at $72 a night, I wasn't expecting 5-star luxury at every turn anyway. Parking is $20 a day in a building across the street (No self-park - only valet). The hotel is about a half block away from the Powell-Mason streetcar line. I ate in two restaurants within a block of the hotel and was very pleased with both of them. If you need a clean, quiet, comfortable place to stay in San Francisco in a great location without spending a small fortune on a hotel room, you should seriously consider this hotel.	
Nov 14 2007	Good location and value though the photos were misleading....	Great location - right near the cable cars and Union Square. Also opposite a car hire place - we booked a car for a day. Booked on computer in hotel reception. Wandered over and waited over an hour to sign the papers. There was a massive queue. Wouldn't recommend it. We drove down I-1 to Monterary. We weren't very excited by the trip. Back to the hotel... room was quite small. Some wires were exposed and there was no view of anything - just a wall. Small bed. We had bought in our own breakfast (breakfast is provided - coffee and a pastry though not very exciting). We were convinced that our cereal had been thrown out one day which was bloody irritating (I'm sure in error). No kettle though you can get free hot water from a machine on the reception desk.Reception booked us a shuttle bus for the airport. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful which was the impression I'd got as I arranged the booking. Toilet was blocked on last morning.... these things happen.Would recommend though would slightly adjust your expectations from the photos on their website.	
Oct 28 2007 	Nice Place to Stay	I only stayed here for 1 night but the room was very clean and the room rate was very reasonable. Thanks a lot. Could have had better soaps/shampoos.	
Oct 28 2007 	Mixed Reactions	I researched the San Francisco Hotels extensively and this hotel had generally nothing but good reviews. The bad ones have appeared since I booked and departed :(.However, the smell hits you first as you enter the lobby, it is all pervading and seems to be some sort of cleaning material. It is not a foul smell but a chemical odour. After the first day we did not notice it too much. The second thing that hits you is the really ‘shabby’ condition of the lobby and lounge. The upholstery on the chairs is tatty, stained and un-welcoming, this really needs to be addressed. The room was fine, nicely appointed and has clearly been recently refurbished albeit on the cheap. The bathroom likewise has been ‘re-done’ but cheaply. Things like the inside of the wardrobe have been neglected and are just awful. Our shower was a demon and burnt us regularly with a flow of hot and cold water which unfortunately never came at the same time. So we were either scalded or hit with icy water. The hotel seems to be run by an Oriental family and while the younger members are friendly and charming the two elder members were sour and unfriendly. However, the hotel is wonderfully located and “SPOTLESSLY” clean………. and for the rate of USD95.00 per night per room a BARGAIN in San Francisco. I would rate this as more ‘back-packers’ accommodation.	
Oct 25 2007 	Terrible smell - but great location	We stayed here for three nights in September.We chose this hotel because of the low price and the location.The location of the hotel is unbeatable. It's very close to Union Square and right next to a cable car stop. The hotel itself was NOT very nice. We read about the smell in some reviews but we didn't know that it was THAT bad. It smelled like cat or dog poop everywhere.The guy at the front desk (I think it was the owner) was nice when we arrived but pretty crabby for the rest of our stay. We asked for a room with a fridge via e-mail and they wrote that it wouldn't be a problem. But there was no fridge upon arrival. They carried one to our room the next day. The bed was totally small and the sheets didn't look very clean. The bathroom was clean but the shower curtain didn't really help keeping the water out of the rest of the room. The floor was completely wet after taking a shower.We couldn't open the windows to get rid of the smell because they wouldn't stay open. Plus, the view was terrible - We were literally able to touch the brick wall of the building next to the hotel when we reached out of the window.The carpet was pretty filthy, too.There was no internet access in any of the rooms. They only have an Apple PC near the front desk for everybody to use. But every time we tried to use it someone else was sitting there. Parking was $20 per day in a parking garage across the street.They serve free donuts, pastries and coffee in the morning. But make sure you get up early for that or else everything will be gone.Long story short: We loved San Francisco and the location of the hotel but we didn't like the rooms itself and the terrible smell.I really don't know if we'll stay here again. They have reasonable prices (for San Francisco) but still - they really need to figure out how to get rid of that nasty smell.	
Oct 18 2007 	Great Hotel for the price	I stayed here twice during the month of August. The first time I stayed the experience was really great and much better than expected.The second stay was great except for check in. We had requested a specific room (same room as the time before since we loved the size of the room and noticed it was larger than most of the other rooms) and were promised it, but when it came time to check in the room wasn't available even though we had just called the night before checking in and had been told it was still confirmed for that room.The woman at the front desk was very rude during this whole ordeal and not very helpful at all. They had us inspect 2 rooms and were told we would have to settle since nothing that we were pleased with would be available. Finally another woman came in and was much more courteous and was able to accommodate us.They are apparently doing remodeling of some of the rooms and be warned, each room is very different!! Our first room was very large and had a great bathroom! It also had a full length mirror. Our second room was a decent size at best and the bathroom was okay, but the water pressure was terrible and also had very bad water temperature control. There wasn't a full length mirror and the sink was located outside of the bathroom. The sink wasn't terrible since it had counter space the first didn't have but just a difference I noticed. The corner rooms that have an actual view are much larger than the rooms located in the &quot;middle&quot; rooms that look out onto a wall.Overall though, both of the rooms were very clean and well kept. The location was great since we were only a couple of blocks from Union square and for the price it was worth it. Also the breakfast muffins were very good! They disappeared quickly though and if you didn't make it down before 9 am they were all gone!They did have complimentary wireless internet in the lobby of the hotel and a computer for guest use also.Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again. The price for the location and service can't be beat!	
Oct 13 2007 	Excellent for a Two Star	No one would deny the Grant Hotel is a two star, so don't bother to compare it with the Ritz, or Kempinski, or Marriott, ...etc. It is quite interesting to read the previous review. Obviously the people who wrote it were so upset that they didn't even recognize the fact of how good location Grant Hotel has. I just LOVE the Grant Hotel. It has all I need, for business or for pleasure.- Very clean room, basic furnitures, en suite bath room, comfortable bed- great location, very safe to walk at night, next to Union Square, China Town, Financial District, cable car stop, easy walk to Monscone Center, convenient discount parking, car rental office across the street- friendly , accommodating staffs- a little extra: free coffee and tea around the clock, free pastries in the morning, cable TV with Show Time, ESPN, free high speed wireless internet access in the lobby, free use of desk top computer (with skype!) in the lobbyMost of all, Grant Hotel is very reasonably priced, so we get to spend money on enjoying the rest of San Francisco offers. I applause to the effort they have made to keep this place with excellent value for money.I will bring my kids to stay there and show them the great sample of cost effectiveness. I am sure they will enjoy their stay and the city.	
Oct 8 2007	Dreadful. The worst hotel in the world. What are you raters thinking???	This hotel is the worst hotel I have ever been in. I don't know how anyone rates it as a 5 and for all of you who did, you owe me money as I took you at your word. We were booked to stay three nights. As soon as we opened the door to the hotel we were hit with a very bad smell. It was like someone had sprayed about 20 cans of air freshner trying to cover something up and it didn't work. The smell in the hotel room was just as bad. I had the window fully open trying to air it out and it didn't improve. I had to close the window because it got cold and the smell just got worse, I thought I would be sick.The bed only had two pillows and there were no spares in the cupboard. I asked for two more and it took a long time for them to find some and they were so thin I shouldn't have bothered. Apparently everyone in the hotel had asked for extra pillows.The noise from the street, the people upstairs and the people next door kept us up all night. My first job was to find a new hotel the next morning and we did. The window in our room had a broken lock. Not very secure at all. We knew this was a budget hotel and we weren't expecting the Ritz. Still, they need to make an effort. The towels in the bathroom were small, old, worn and off white. They didn't look clean and we refused to use them. The smell has gotten into our clean clothes in the suitcase in less than 24 hours and will need to be washed. This was the worst experience ever. They didn't even question us why we were leaving two days early. They obviously know how bad they are.	
Oct 2 2007 	Loved The Grant Hotel	Stayed for 3 nights from September 30. The Grant Hotel is ideally located. The rooms were of good size and easily accomodated my family of 2 adults and 2 teenage children. The Hotel is near the Cable car stop on Powell Street and easy walk to food and shops. Fishermans Wharf is an easy ride on the cable car. The Hotel breakfast is basic but filling if you like muffins and pastries in the morning. Added bonus is the free internet access. Staff are very friendly and helpful with suggestions re where to eat etc. Highly recommend this hotel for price and location.	
Sep 18 2007 	One of the best budget options in Union Square	When I travel on business I just want a small clean quiet room with a decent bed, appliances that work, and a hot shower in the morning. The Grant provides all this and more at a fraction of the price you would pay at a chain or &quot;boutique&quot; property in Union Square. I scored a rate of $70 on Expedia, which was about $15 lower than the other websites including the hotel's own. For that bargain rate I got a nice room on the 3rd floor at the back, with a very comfortable bed, and a better than average bathroom with a shower with decent water pressure, a rarity in these old buildings. It was so quiet I had the window wide open all night. Check in was fast and friendly, no complaints there. I was out of there early the next morning, with coffee and a bran muffin for breakfast. This is an excellent budget choice in this neighborhood, and appropriate for any traveller, although families with kids should probably look for larger quarters. I will gladly stay here again!	
Sep 14 2007 	A good place to stay	This is a very good hotel for the price. A two star that tries very hard. The Grant offers you exactly what you need, a reasonably priced room in an expensive city. the bed was was perfect and yes the room was small, but clean and comfortable. the walk up hill from Union Square is perfect exercise for those of us who need it, and it really isn't that much walking. I have read some reviews of this hotel, by people who really should spend the money for a 4-5 star hotel because a 2 star just doesn't offer the things you are looking for.	
Sep 4 2007 	Great location	While a little shaby, a coat of paint wouldn't go astray, this hotel was very good value and well located. There is a steep uphill walk to get there. No hairdyer in the room. One computer with internet access in the lobby. We logged in the city's wireless network, only $19US for 7 days. Breakfast coffee and pastries were a bonus.	
Aug 2 2007 	Excellent value for money	This is a great hotel only 5 or so minutes walk from Union Square. The only problem is that you have to walk up a very steep hill to get there.The room was very clean, the staff always very friendly, the free muffins and coffee for breakfast was always appreciated. For the price you pay, this is an excellent deal, even if the lift is occassionally out of order.I'm going back to SF later this year and will be staying with them again.	
Jul 30 2007 	Great location and price.	Stay here..you won't be sorry.My husband and I stayed at the Grant Hotel for 5days/4 nights. We had a great package deal that included free parking which is right across the street-secured parking and open 24/7. The attendents at the parking garage are very accomodating too. Hotel room was more than adequate in size and very clean. Our room was on the first floor, towards the back of the hotel..pretty quiet actually. No a/c,but then you don't need it in San Francisco..just open the window- perfect. Bed was quite comfortable. Small fridge in room/hair dryer in bathroom. Walk in type closet.Breakfast in lobby is pastries,coffee and tea. Location of hotel- 1/2 block from cable car stop, can't get better than that. Suggestion: buy the passport pass..we did and it was the best money spent..Cable car is 5.00 per person one way...Muni is 1.50 per person..but with passport...ride as much as you want-bus to Coit,Muni to Giants baseball games,Cable cars to Fisherman's Wharf.Numerous great places to eat in neighborhood from Italian, Japanese to French and beyond...all within short walking distances.China town just two blocks down Bush then turn left. You can't miss it.We will be back to San Francisco and we will stay at the Grant Hotel..check in was easy/ staff helpfulWhat more could you ask for.This is a gem.	
Jul 23 2007 	Good Location - Shame about the Smell!	My boyfriend &amp; I recently stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. Although the location was excellent, this hotel was of average quality, and there were certainly a lot of aspects that need improving.We arrived in the early evening on a Saturday night. Hotel parking is across the street in a secured building, but even with the hotel discount it is still around US$20 for 24 hours. There is not much parking on the street (&amp; what there is is expensive), but if you drive for a block or two then you can find spots where it is free for Sundays &amp; evenings at least, if you are there then. Check-in was smooth, and it was obvious that this hotel was gay-friendly, which some of you might find useful (there's also a men's club just a few feet down the street, if you're into that kind of thing). We headed up to our room &amp; immediately noticed that something smelled bad in the elevator, &amp; our room also smelled funny. I'm not quite sure how to describe it - it wasn't really rank, but just a smell you would prefer not to smell constantly while staying there.The room itself was fairly small &amp; did not have air-conditioning, but the bathroom was large, with a shower over the bath as well. Both the room &amp; bathroom were fairly recently rennovated, &amp; unfortunately looked out onto a brick wall which was about 2 feet away from the window. It wasn't very noisy to have your windows open though, which was good. The TV in the bedroom had HBO, &amp; the furniture appeared fairly new, &amp; the bed was warm &amp; comfortable.The reception area has a few couches &amp; chairs in it, with a TV to watch, &amp; some newpapers &amp; magazines to read. There is a free internet computer but there are usually people on it so you might have to wait. One time we had only been on there a few minutes when a guest checking in came over &amp; made up some story about being a computer technician who was there to check the computer, just so he could use the internet without waiting (it was obvious, so we told him there was actually a queue for the computer &amp; he would need to wait just like everyone else, &amp; just like we had waited)! Breakfast is sort of just a few muffins &amp; donuts made available from the reception desk (I think you can get coffee too), but they were very fresh &amp; tasty. If you want something more substantial then there is a older-type cafe just a couple of minutes walk up the road past the laundromat (also handy) where you can get all kinds of stuff for a resonable price. There are many convenience stores around the hotel &amp; the cable car stops just a few feet down the road.The service at the Grant Hotel left a lot to be desired. I think I was completely ignored on every occasion that I walked past a desk staff member, except when I tried to use my security card for the front door (after hours, when you are meant to), &amp; got told off - I still don't know why. In general this hotel was OK. The location is handy to the cable cars, Union Square, Chinatown &amp; the city (it's not too hilly to walk there either), but the smell, expensive parking &amp; lack of service/services in the actual hotel are a bit of a drawback.I would stay here again if I were budget conscious, but if I had the chance to spend slightly more money then I would stay elsewhere. If you're on a budget then you could do worse though, &amp; at least you get a decent bed &amp; bathroom here compared to the hostel dorm rooms, if you are a couple.	
Jul 7 2007 	Good place to stay	I love the hotel with easy walking to Union square and Chinatown. Something that I din't please is I and 3 of my friends booked the hotel with the same room rate, but I got a very smaller room than my friends' included bathroom, a small room where use to keep clothes.However, the staffs are nice and friendly.	
Jul 3 2007 	Good but could be better	I stayed with my partner for 7 nights, and during all that time we came and went as if nothing mattered. Our arrival was greeted quite curtly, and my Spanish-speaking partner could not understand a single word of the [Thai?] registration and questions. Except for a friendly receptionist that worked on the weekend, we never were greeted - or greeted back - by reception after checkin. Doesn''t make a very favorable impression for tourists.Fortunately I have been to the city before and dind't need to ask for assistance; when in the lobby I did answer a few questions and guided a few foreign tourists who weren't getting help from the desk. (sigh) Besides that, the hotel was an incredible bargain, a package that we found online at [--]. More than the room rates, the package included the San Francisco CityPass - don't overlook that this Passport includes a 7-day, &quot;all-you-can-eat&quot; bus &amp; cable car transportation. At $5/ride on the cable cars at the corner, this would have been prohibitive without this book - and a lot less fun, too.Our room was clean and orderly - well-made bed with fresh linens, renovated bathroom, modern conveniences of courtesy soaps &amp; such - yet a musty smell lingers - just a normal aspect of most old hotels in the city, and no less hygienic than elsewhere. Consider it old-world, seaside charm if you must. Since we weren't in the room very much, this wasn't a problem but it is notable.I'll definitely return to San Francisco and check the rates of this hotel!	
Jul 2 2007	Fantastic location excellent price - great budget hotel in city centre	We stayed in the Grant hotel in san francisco for 5 days in June. What agem!! We paid $370 including taxes and were so impressed with the place iam recommending everyone to stay there!!!It is the perfect location, located a block from union square on powell andbush st. Right beside the cable cars, shopping, pubs,restaurants andwalking distance to northbeach...just perfect.Because of the price, we werent expecting muc from the room but a basicclean place to rest our heads at night. We were impressed with what we gothowever! The room was a good size with a queen bed, TV,table and chair,walk in wardrobe and loads of space, the private bathroom was also veryspacious with a powerful shower which always had hot water, marble topspace for storage and large mirror. The place was immaculately kept, freshtowels every day and the common areas and lift was well kept also.Obviously not the ritz but the place was very clean, central and quiet.Receptionists were pleasant if a little unhelpful. Breakfast basic but weate out so we didnt mind. Also free wireless internet access available inthe room!To sum up - i would highly recommend this place if your looking for acentral affordable hotel to tour san francisco. Perfect location foreverything and SF is very easy to get around on foot and with the cablecars! Book this place, I promise you wont be disappointed!	
Jun 16 2007 	Very decent but bring your own hairdryer.	We stayed at this hotel in May 2007. We booked it through Hotels.com,which was a mistake: if you book through the Grant hotel's website the prices are the same, but the selection of rooms is better, and you don't have to pay all sum ahead a time (non-refundable). The guy at the reception was super friendly and professional, we were given a choice of rooms, and selected a room with the window facing backyard.The room was very spacious, the bathroom was also big and looked recently renovated. We had problem with the toilet only once, which was fixed within 5 minutes.The room was cleaned and the towels were changed daily. There was a small fridge and a TV in the room. The only problems I encounted wereabsence of hair dryer (even at the reception they had only 1 or 2, which were usually already taken by some guest) and there was only shampoo and body lotion ((in small sample-like packages) in the bathroom (no hair conditioner). The last was not really a problem because you can buy it at the nearest Greenwall's one block down from the hotel. I would definitely stay at this hotel again, but would bring my own blowdryer.	
Jun 4 2007	Loved the location hospitality	The rooms were clean, we could easily walk all over the city from here, parking was convenient, the hotel staff was very friendly. This was an economical gem for our family vacation. We will stay there again in this wonderful city.	
Jun 1 2007 	Wonderful time at The Grant	We had a wonderful stay in this hotel. The location was great, the room was very comfortable and clean (we stayed at the top floor).The charming Thai lady at the reception was very accomodating and helpful. Will definitely stay here again on my next visit.	
May 25 2007 	Charming and Convenient	The staff were helpful and friendly. Our room, at the back of the hotel, was quiet and clean. The room had high ceilings, making the somewhat small room feel airy and not cramped. Our only complaint was that the bed was the softest on our entire trip.The location was great, with lots of bus routes accessible nearby for the things that were not within walking distance. Parking was in a garage across the street. For my small town standards, the (hotel validated) price of $20/24 hrs was a lot, but leaving the car parked and using the Muni bus system sure beat trying to deal with the traffic. We got the 3 day bus pass from the Powell and Market cable car ticket booth.	
May 20 2007 	Great	I’ll start with the quick and dirty:1.Easy to find. Great location.2.Alamo and National rental car return right across the street. Same as the parking garage.3.Computer and Wi-Fi available in the lobby.4.Cable car stop is at the corner.5.Excellent housekeeping.6.Best price for the area.We booked The Grant because of all the positive reviews others posted about this location. Now we don't expect a lot from our hotel, so we figured that for the price we would be very happy. We were. It was a basic, no frills place to lay our heads. Sure, there is limited cable tv, and yes it is right next to an alternative adult entertainment facility, but it is also two blocks from Chinatown, one block from a bus stop that linked us to everywhere and steps away from the cable car that took us to Market and Fisherman's Wharf. I don't think the location could have been better. There was also a laundry mat if you need one just a couple of doors away.They gave us the room pictured in the brochure facing the street. Knowing about the noise volume from the street and the open windows, we had taken ear plugs. I highly recommend them even if you don't think you will get the room facing the street. There is a garbage truck that visits at 4 AM, and traffic starts early as well, but fortunately, in May the weather is cold enough to keep the windows shut and still be comfortable. The staff was friendly from our email correspondence and booking to our arrival and stay. I felt very safe and comfortable while we were there. It was definitely a multi-cultural environment as well. We met many fabulous and friendly people from all over the world.We didn't have any of the breakfast pastries they supplied, but we had a mini-fridge in our room and there was a Walgreen's one block away, so we bought cereal and milk for our breakfast. They also had a microwave in the lobby.This hotel truly met all our expectations and served us well.	
May 10 2007 	Great and safe location.	We stayed at the Grant Hotel recently when we were in San Francisco and felt that the location is just excellent. It is next to Union Square which is close to the major shopping scene and it is safe as there aren't many homeless roaming outside the hotel area at night. The only downside is that you have to climb a steep road to get to the hotel if you are coming from Powell Street and will be tough if you are dragging your luggage along with you. The Thai family running the hotel is nice and free internet service is available. Simple breakfast is provided and the rooms are spacious enough.We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is travelling on budget and who seek great convenience in terms of location.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great Value - Spoilt by attitude of Receptionist	We Stayed at the Grant hotel in March 2007.The room we had over looked the street, and was very clean, the bathroom was especially good.Location wise, for the price this hotel cannot be beaten, it is located close to Union Square, China town, Little Italy - all within walking distance. On arrival the guy at check in was very polite and helpful, the room was a good size, and very clean, we experienced some noise from the traffic outside, but this was not too bad.Free Coffee and tea at reception was vey good, as there were not any in room facilities for making drinks.Our only complaint is the attitude of a young female receptionist who was very off hand and arrogant, she also made a very rude and personal comment to a member of our party, which spoilt our overall enjoyment of our stay here.I would recommend this hotel if you are on a budget, and want to be centrally located in San Francisco	
Mar 17 2007	Not bad at all	I stayed at the Grant in 1998 and was fairly impressed enough to come back again in 2007. The rooms near the street were refurbished a couple of years ago, so I requested a room there. It's not as noisy as I thought. The room is pretty clean, especially the bathroom. It's a great no-frills place to stay that is central to many of the sights in S.F. Don't expect luxury here, but it's a great bargain nonetheless.	
Jan 21 2007 	Great Place to Stay	I enjoyed my stay at Grant Hotel. It is close to almost all attractions, especially to Union Square, China Town and financial district, yet on a relatively quiet street. Moscone Center is also within easy walking distance. Enjoy the shops along the way.The room was not fancy but very clean, the staffs were helpful and polite. The lobby computer with free internet access made my exploring of the city a lot easier. I highly recommend this hotel for travelers who appreciate affordability and reasonable service.	
Dec 26 2006 	Not what we expected	After seeing good things about it on the internet, we booked it. On arrival, we liked the lobby, but the non-smoking room smelled of cigarettes, their butts still sitting on the fire escape ourside, and there was mold on two of the walls. We checked out after walking around to find a different hotel and absorbed the one-night penalty we were charged.	
Nov 10 2006	A great place to stay	Sydney, AustraliaMy wife and I stayed at the Grant for six nights. We chose it based on the reviews in tripadviser. We found it an excellent place to stay. We had a room on the fifth floor at the rear. It was very clean and tidy, quiet, and seemed large enough for us. It also had an excellent bathroom/toilet. The staff were friendly and helpful, although a couple of them seemed a bit blunt at first. Over time though they were just fine and we liked them. It would be a mistake to judge them on first impressions. We didn't mind the pastries and coffee for breakfast. We weren't that strapped for cash that we couldn't afford to go to a diner for a change of menu, and breakfast wasn't one of our main concerns when booking.For location, you can't beat it! In 3 minutes you are in Union sqaure, five minutes and you are in China town. You can even walk down to the pier to catch the ferry to Alcatraz, although it's a much longer (but managable) walk. Many of the main spots are within a couple of kms radius from the hotel.I would recommend the Grant to anyone wanting low cost quality accommodation, in a fantastic location. If people are concerned about things like room size or noise, they could discuss this when booking to avoid disappointment later.We miss San Francisco. And when we return we'll definitely try and get a room at the Grant hotel again.Thanks Grant hotel for a great place to stay. Allan and Tanya	
Oct 22 2006 	Good location	My wife and I stayed here 5 nights in September. When we walked in we wondered where we had booked. The room was very basic with a cupboard for a wardrobe and very few hangers - none for trousers. However we settled ourselves in and began to explore San Francisco. We found it a very good base and even though there was cofffee and pastries at the hotel we went to Union Square every morning for our coffee and just sat watching th people go by.The bathroom was large, about 3/4 size of our room. The room was kept very clean by the staff and we had clean towels and bed linen daily. The carpet in the room needed changing but hey you get what you pay for and we would certainly return again to the Grant, but would hope next time for the mini safe and refrigerator mentioned by other guests.	
Oct 16 2006 	Not a bad place for the price!	We got in on Saturday and found we had to park in the garage across the street, while they validated, it still cost us almost $20 a day to park! The elevator wasn't working but they said they had called someone and they should have it fixed by in a couple of hours so we carried our luggage up to the second floor. They offered to keep it behind the desk until the elevator got fixed, but we didn't mind. They did get the elevator fixed like they said they would. Our hotel room was tastefully furnished, a little on the small size but the bathroom was huge. In San Francisco the buildings are all right next to each other and this was no exception we looked at a brick wall. It has radiator heat which worked well as it was chilly while we were here. The staff was very nice and personable and while we needed extra pillows we did have to call twice on them, but we did get them. The maid cleaned our room well and the place did not have a musty smell. It is located a couple of blocks from China town and a couple of blocks to Union Square which are not a problem to walk to. 2 doors down is live nude male dancing for males, but we didn't hear or see anything and we walked past it at different hours of the day. We did have a little toilet back up that my husband had to get the plunger but after that it was okay. The shower water pressure is great and they provide shampoo and shower gel incase you forget. They do sell soda and water here at the desk, but no ice. In the morning they provide donuts, muffins and black coffee. All in all the place was very quiet, we didn't hear anyone. We would stay here again!!	
Oct 9 2006 	Grant is Great	This place was just fine. Everything was as advertised or promised - clean, large bathroom, large room, closet, in room safe, fridge, easy check in, maid service, linens, desk, alarm clock, good location (near Union Square and Moscone Centre), phone, soaps, free wifi in the lobby (which I could occassionally pick up in my room on the second floor), helpful staff . . . The breakfast ain't much but it's something. It's got to be the best deal in SF. Much better than a hostel, the Grant is a great budget hotel. I'd certainly go back. (Try the vegetarian lasagna at Uncle Vito's restaurant across the street.)	
Sep 20 2006 	Nice budget hotel for the price	I stayed at the Grant Hotel over Labor Day weekend with my partner. Based on some of the reviews, I requested a room away from Bush Street to avoid traffic noise and my request was accomodated. The room (queen sized bed) was neat, clean and recently renovated. Keep in mind that this is an older building (I'm guessing built around the 1920's). The room we stayed in was in the center of the building and the windows opened onto an air shaft/light well (I think this must be what some reviewers refer to as 'the brick wall'). This is typical for construction of that era, so this was not a suprise. There was some miscellaneous mechanical noise at night and, if your neighbors were inconsiderate, some noise from the hallway. If you require modern acoustic isolation standards, stay and pay at the Hyatt et al, or maybe bring ear plugs.The 'breakfast' is merely a courtesy. Consider it just coffee and a light snack to tide you over until you can consider where you want to eat breakfast (or dim sum brunch).I consider the Grant Hotel a good value for the money and will stay there again.	
Aug 15 2006 	Affordable and clean	I was very skeptical of this hotel due to some of the reviews I read here on TripAdvisor. However, I was very pleased with my experience. I went there knowing it was not a five star hotel and I would only get the basics. I brought my own alarm clock. They do have hair dryers at the hotel and an iron that you check out from the front desk for free. The hotel staff were courteous, friendly and helpful. This hotel is perfect for the budget traveller. The bathroom was large and clean and the room featured a HUGE walk in closet. The bedsheets did smell of the laundry detergent, so if you are sensitive to this smell, you may reconsider staying here. The windows are large and screenless, so if you have a child you might not want to stay here. It is generally cool in San Fran with no bugs at all, so having the windows open is no problem. I got more than I had expected from this hotel and would highly recommend it to anyone. I had a friend stay at another hotel two blocks away for $150/night and her hotel lobby was nicer, but her room wasn't.	
Jul 12 2006	Clean cheap friendly good value - would recommend it	The Hotel Grant is in a great location in San Francisco - two blocks (3 minutes) from Chinatown, only a couple more (c. 8-10 mins) from North Beach, and if you go three blocks downhill you're right in Union Square. We walked pretty much everywhere and always felt safe coming back through the area round the hotel right into the night. The rooms are basic but very clean. We had a brand new fridge provided, along with TV, hairdryer, etc. We found it quiet at night (our room looked onto an alleyway but it meant we could throw the windows open, not be overlooked from the street, and still not hear the traffic!) The front desk staff were helpful and friendly and there are newspapers and internet access in the lobby. We didn't get chance to try the breakfast since there are so many great cafes and diners so close by. Parking is across the street in a private commuter-type valet multi-storey. You pay at the hotel and get a discount (we paid $18 per day instead of $25). Be aware that if you want to drive while you're there you have to settle your bill before you collect the car each time - we opted to walk or take the cable cars and left the car in the garage. This place doesn't pretend to be a luxury resort so don't expect anything beyond a clean, basic hotel room. It's excellent value for money - for £35 per night, in such a good location, we were really pleased with it.	
Jun 7 2006	Good Choice	I stayed only a few days in S.F. for sightseeing in May 2006. I would rate this hotel as average, but due to it's excellent location - only two blocks to Union Sq and to Chinatown - and the low rates I strongly recommend the Grant Hotel. It depends on what you expect: I only wanted a clean and quite bed to sleep and that's what you get here. The chinese personell is very friendly. The view from my room was the worst I ever had, I was almost able to touch the wall of the next building and there was only few daylight in the room, but as I said before: I only wanted to sleep there and didn't want to look out of the window ;-) For great views, go to Coit Tower or Nob Hill ... There is a TV, a hair-dryer and a charge-free safe in the room. Free wireless broadband is available in the lobby. They also serve breakfast, but I didn't have one, because I don't eat breakfast at all.	
Jun 5 2006	Don't Do It!	This was the worst hotel I think I've ever stayed in. Guess that's what I get for being cheap, but never again! The smell when you walk in the door will make you think you've accidently stepped into the local nursing home. The owners do not even pretend to care that they can barely speak English, and they are terribly rude, with the exception of a nice you lady in the evening. The continental breakfast is very limited, and the coffee is out of a gas station machine -like vendor. One of our first rooms was very dirty, and we had to ask for another one. THere was no air conditioning. The sad thing is that the building had huge potential to be very grande. A bad experience over all.	
May 24 2006	Excellent Economical Choice	I was a little doubtful when I booked the hotel as English is not the first language of the owners, but I was given a confirmation number and check-in went smoothly. I had requested a room at the back as I had heard that the street noise could make sleeping difficult. I was offered the keys to two rooms so that I could check them out before commiting. The one at the rear smelled a little musty/maybe cigarettes and the furniture was a bit retro and ill-fitted, so we opted for room at the front that was spacious and appeared newly renovated. The street noise was not too bad as we were on the fifth floor (yes, there is an elevator!). The maid service was excellent, cleaned up our travel havoc and changed sheets and towels daily. I never tip maids but this one broke the mold. The bathroom had no ventilation except that they had shaved the bottom off the door and there was an overpainted window that scared me when I opened it. Showering with the door open is recommended. My mom panicked at the lack of hairdryer but the front desk loaned us one for our stay. Room also had a refrigerator, which I had not remembered being offered (I think maybe not all rooms had this).Breakfast was just a pastries and tea or coffee, but the tea and coffee was available at anytime (no facilities in room). Sears with its famous silver dollar pancakes for $8.95 a plate is just around the corner and down a block on Powell. The staff were not overly effusive but very polite and helpful, offering to look up BART times for us. There is also a computer in the lobby with free internet access, though they request that you only spend 15 minutes at a time on it. It was really helpful to have that access. Great location at Bush and Powell, just jump on the cable car at the bottom of Powell after coming into the BART station there. No luggage though on the cable car so it is a steep climb up (six blocks), easier going down. Overall it is excellent choice of hotel. I would stay again. Word of warning around Powell though, watch out for scammers trying to 'fine' you or offer you travel tickets. Panhandling and petty scammers are rampant.	
May 23 2006	Very nice!!	This hotel has a great location next to historic cable car sites. I was surprised when I asked if they knew how to get to the Top of the Mark that we were only two blocks away! (uphill, of course). We took the advice from this site and asked for 5th floor near the back and had no street noise. We were in 509 and bathtub and bath not small at all. There was no air conditioning, but that was OK. We faced a brick wall but OK since we had the window open all night. Elevator a bit shaky so we walked down a few times, but overall a great value. Oh, no tops for the coffee cups, so bring your own if you are on the go. Parking across the street in garage is $18 per day, but no problem at all. We were able to get in our room several hours early and there was clear cable and refrigerator. I would stay here again! (didn't get a pink room though....)	
May 22 2006	Great Value	The candid photos previously posted are a very fair reflection of what I got. Its not a resort. But its got: - clean bathrooms - Safe and secure rooms - predictable staff - great/ safe location - free internet - No bugs, pimps, or thugsI'll stay there again. The price is great.	
May 12 2006	Good value for money	I stayed at the Grant form the 3rd to the 6th May. A very clean Hotel not the Ritz, but very good value for money in a very good and location. My room had a very comfy bed and good bathroom. I arrived about 3 hours early but my room was ready and I was allowed to check in. If you looking for a good clean hotel, nothing fancy but at a good price and well located, you can't go wrong	
May 11 2006	good hotel great price	My husband and I just returned from a 5 night stay at the Grant Hotel. We picked this hotel based on the reviews on this website, and were pleased with the Grant. We travel quite a bit, so room size is never an issue with us. The room was a decent size, and so was the bathroom. As far as the bathtub being so small, I am 5'9 and took a long, hot bath one night after coming in from the wind with no problem. The location is excellent, except for the fact that I am 6 1/2 months pregnant and the final hill was a bit steep for me, but this is San Francisco after all, and I expected that. The staff was very friendly, although their English isnt very good. We asked for 2 extra pillows, and they happily gave them to us. I accidentally left my wedding ring in my room, and I panicked thinking that they wouldnt understand how to ship it back to us. But, they took care of it, informed the enitre staff, and it is now on its way back to me, thank goodness!The breakfast was fine for me, as I am a pastry lover. My husband grabbed food elsewhere, but to be able to have as much as you want for free at a good hotel is a plus. As a previous reviewer wrote, Loris Diner is a good place for dinner, or dessert! There is also a small Italian place right across the street called Uncle Vitos that serves good food.Transportation is excellent, you can grab a trolley car at the corner or take a bus or BART when needed. Chinatown and Union Square are within walking distance.I recommend this hotel, and would not hesitate to stay here again on a future visit to San Francisco. Enjoy!	
Apr 28 2006	vintage but updated!	we stayed at the Grant for 3 nights recently &amp; were pleasantly surprised! i didn't want to stay in a &quot;chain&quot; hotel while in SF, wanted something more unique &amp; characteristic. centrally located, it is a great spot to stay. i thought the staff was friendly, not bothersome &amp; the cleaning staff always had our room tidied &amp; made up by the time we got back from our day. Towels were new &amp; smelled nice. The room was pretty much spotless. i loved the pink walls! every time i woke up i thought it was 1978 and that i was staying in my great aunt's house! the area seemed safe enough, no homeless hanging around outside like i witnessed in other areas. not much of a view (brick wall) but very quiet as far as traffic goes, but the walls did seem a little thin. windows opened to let in fresh air and the heater worked fine for us, if not too good! our bathroom was huge, so not sure where the other people who reviewed stayed! i really appreciated that they let us check in 3 hours early when we arrived too! don't let the &quot;old&quot; smell fool you when you walk in, most places i went into in SF had the same smell, i mean there are alot of OLD buildings there with the same vibe. my husband &amp; i totally appreciated the simplicity of this place &amp; would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling on a budget who can dig on a quaint little place!	
Apr 19 2006	Not bad but not sure we'd go back	My husband and I spent 9 nights at the Grant last month and overall were pleased, especially for the price we got ($720 incl tax).Pros: you cannot fault the location of this hotel, only a block or so from Union Sq, Chinatown, close to all the major shopping and a cable car practically outside the door to take you to Fisherman's Wharf.We asked for a room at the back (based on other reviewers comments) and got one so no street noise. The bed was VERY comfortable too so we got a great night's sleep (until 6am anyway, see below).Breakfast was decent enough (muffins, croissants, homemade walnut cake, coffee) and there was always plenty of it. We had a fridge in our room so had real milk for our coffee (there is only coffee mate provided by the hotel)and cereal so the pastries were just an extra. May not be enough if you like a big breakfast but there are plenty of nice little places nearby for that.Cleaning service is excellent, fresh sheets everyday and room tidied with as little disturbance to our belongings as possible.The plumbing in our room also made strange noises but there was always plenty of hot water.The hotel generally was clean and quiet, we were able to leave our luggage on our last day after check out and before we got the shuttle to the airport. We were given tags to hold so they could check them when we came back to collect it which was good.Cons: staff can be difficult and hard to understand as they barely speak English (most of them) and were annoyed when I asked for the fridge we had reserved and why I was unable to turn the heat on. I was ill when we arrived and was told the heat came on when it got cold enough outside! I was freezing but was informed that having too much heat would give me a headache anyway so I didn't really need it...We booked a Queen Deluxe but judging by the pics on this website, I'm not sure we got that. However the room was spotless and more than spacious so we didn't say anything.A family of elephants checked into the room directly above ours and woke us every morning at 6am with the kids running about and jumping off the furniture. Not the hotels fault granted but be aware that you can hear the noise of other guests if they have kids!The bath was the smallest I have ever seen. No-one bigger than a child could actually have a bath in it. It was more like a large shower tray. Loo was also smaller than usual and I banged my elbow off the wall every time i reached for loo paper!!Overall we were happy with the hotel, it's the kind of place that will be great if nothing goes wrong but if you have any issues at all, don't expect the staff to be gracious in helping! If we have a slightly bigger budget next time we return we'll go back to the Andrews which also a great hotel but with the nicest staff I've ever met!Some tips: the internet in the hotel is the slowest in the WORLD, go to an internet cafe instead if you don't want to spend an hour checking 4 mails.Lori's Diner just down the hill serves great diner style food until late, just a nice walk from the hotel and casual so no need to dress up. Try the malted milkshakes!Go to Sears Fine Foods for a lovely breakfast or lunch.Take the Blue &amp; Gold fleet cruise around the Bay, slightly cheesy but the audio tour is fun and informative and it's a great way to see the parts of Alcatraz you can't normally see.If you don't have too much luggage and you decide to stay at the Grant, get the BART from the airport as far as Powell St and then walk to the hotel, it's only a few blocks and the BART if far cheaper. Save the shuttle for the way back when you're laden down with purchases!Get yourself a MUNI pass (only $24 for a seven day pass!) and a map for $3 (essential, we bought one in Walgreens instead and it was a nightmre to follow, the MUNI's own map is much much better). The pass covers buses, cable cars and MUNI trains.	
Apr 16 2006	Good location not fancy hotel	This is a budget hotel, nothing fancy at all, if you are going to be out and need a hotel just for sleep and a place to have your luggage, this will work perfect plus is centraly located near union square, chinatown and bus stop. It is safe to walk at nite. They have an included pastry breakfast, coffee and tea every morning. There was something going on with the plumbing because it made a weird noise everytime water was used in the bathroom. And the first room they gave us had a problem with the lock so was open, since it was near an outside stair we requested to be change and they gave us another room facing a wall inside, but it was more quite. If we go back someday on a budget again, I sure will go back to the Grant	
Apr 7 2006 	Little Gem in the City By the Bay	Whoever wrote the previous review must have very good imagination or must went to a wrong place. Here I am sitting in the lovely lobby of Grant Hotel, cozy and quiet, enjoying the free internet access. I noticed the lobby entrance is wheelchair accessable. I have to admit that the service is basic, there is no doorman or fancy decoration as some big hotel would have, but the room is very clean and the staffs are nice and helpful. We are here for the city, not the hotel anyway. I would rather stay in such a reasonable priced hotel right in downtown than paying higher room rate for the doorman, decoration and some room amenities that I don't even bother to use.I am really enjoying my stay here.	
Mar 26 2006	don't be decieved by the photo this place is a dump	centrally located...the staff was cold, indifferent and always using the microwave...the chronic smell of chinese food will have you gagging...there was an old guy in a wheelchair camped out in the lobby like some creepy maschot...the decor was dated...think circa 1959 boarding house...nightmarish...dingy carpet...smoke stains as if there had been a fire and no one bothered to clean up afterwards....i kept expecting a pimp with platform shoes, a long fur coat and a bowl of noodles to kick in my door...	
Mar 22 2006	Nice hotel great location	Stayed at the grant hotel in mid january for 3 nights. the rooms were comfortable and adequate for the cost. great location on bush street half a block uphill from powell st. breakfast of tea\coffee and pastries were taken in reception. very nice.	
Mar 22 2006	Comfortable and friendly	My husband and I booked ourselves into this hotel last year as a last minute choice (based on TripAdvisor reviews!)and thoroughly enjoyed the stay. In fact we are just about to book ourselves another stay for this year. It is perfectly located, very pleasant and helpful staff and adequate rooms (this is from a Brit and US point of view too - I'm English and my husband is American). Only downsides are that the bathrooms are &quot;tired&quot; - nasty experience with blocked toilet! - but which was quickly and efficiently sorted out. Also, if you are thinking of staying with young children - the back room windows have low windowsills and NO safety bars!	
Jan 24 2006	Grant Hotel was great!	We really liked this hotel. A friend and I stayed for 5 nights from 16-21 January.Check in was easy and the desk clerk was wonderful - he got us a map and gave us recommendations of things to see and do, and also places to eat. We had booked a room with a queen bed to save $10 a night, but he upgraded us to a room with 2 doubles, which was great ($70 per night).The rooms are older but very clean. Perhaps a bit small, but we certainly managed. A room with one queen bed would be better, just to have a bit more room to move.Included breakfast was fine, just pastries and coffee. If you want juice it's $1.It's a wonderful location, just minutes walk from the cable car to Fisherman's Wharf and the shopping area (Nordstrom, Macys, Tiffany &amp; Co, Gap, Louis Vuitton - you name it). Would stay again. Great value for money.	
Jan 13 2006	Cannot beat the price... seriously	My wife and I are just finishing up our week long San Francisco trip. Last year we stayed at the Cartwright for MacWorld 2005. This year it was the Grant Hotel for MacWorld 2006. We paid about $120/night at the Cartwright. We only paid about $72 a night at the Grant. I had to give this 4 stars because overall, it was better than the Cartwright which I gave 3 stars.The Pros:1) Location: Bordering Union Square and Nob Hill. You're close to China Town, North Beach, and a nice walk will get you to the BART station and Moscone. NOTE: steep climb North from Sutter to Bush when walking along Powell. Bring good shoes!2) Room size: It was a pretty good size. Bigger than the Cartwright, which was a closet. I didn't mind the Cartwright, but the Grant has a bit of a hallway from the door to the sleeping/living area. I like that &quot;buffer zone&quot; that you normally find in chain hotels, but rarely see in budget-minded boutique hotels.3) View: Well, for our room anyway. We had a back room (5th floor) that looked Southward, and it was a neat sight... could see the Marriott shining bright near the Moscone, the outside elevators at the Westin, etc.4) Price: almost $50 cheaper per night than the Cartwright, which in itself if a pretty good deal. Yes, the Cartwright had free wireless net access, but I had to pay just $20 for the entire week to get wireless access in our room. Think of all the money you save!The Cons:1) Staff friendliness: OK, so they weren't mean or rude, but they were definitely not as outgoing as the staff at the Cartwright. No biggie for us, as we didn't have to go up to them much, and we knew the city pretty well from our previous trip. Realize that the Grant is most likely run by an asian family and you'll understand the lack of &quot;outgoingness&quot;.2) Free continental breakfast. Slim pickings, that's for sure. Coffee with powdered milk, a few pastries and some small muffins. Juice is extra. If you are big on breakfast, use the money you saved by staying here and go to Sear's or Dotties.Bottom line: clean, good-sized room in a great location for a price that is pretty remarkable. 4 stars.Some tips I thought I would pass along on where to eat and what to do:- Sushi fan? Sanraku on Sutter is fantastic!- Chinese food? House of Nanking. I heard that the owner will actually order part of your meal... its true! I had ordered two sesame-seasoned entrees, and she came along and said that she'll choose a different sauce for us. How about that. The food was great.- Dinner at Myth. Semi-upscale restaurant in Jackson Square (very chic area). Food was great. I had the Kobe beef burger, and the fries were amazing (had the people in the booth next to us drooling and asking how it was). NOTE: while there is no dress code, dress up a bit or you'll feel a little uncomfortable in your jeans like we did. Also, make reservations as this place fills up fast.- Breakfast at Dotties: A breakfast that needs to be experienced. I had the cornmeal blueberry pancakes, and my wife had french toast. Yummy! In a not-so-good part of town, but just keep walking. NOTE: Get there early as well (around 7:30am, when they open).- Lori's Diner: Save some money and go here once or twice. And remember to print the coupon on their website, 20% off: -------.- Bike trip to over the GG Bridge: Very nice ride, but just keep in mind that there is a few up-hill climbs (keep it in low gear and don't stop!) Going over the bridge can be a bit windy and cool. In Sausalito you'll fly downhill.- Shopping? Hit Union Square and Emeryville.- Getting to and from the airport: If you are staying within walking distance of a BART stop, use it for commuting between your hotel and SFO. Save money and use it for other things.Have Fun!	
Nov 20 2005	PERFRCT LOCATION	We stayed 3 nights and have so much fun(novemeber 11-13).I booked the room on the phone .The front desk was so polite and friendly.The room was big enough and big bathroom(private bathroom!!!).The maid service kept the room so clean(every day changed the sheets.Thanck you!).Continental breakfast was good.Discount for the parking.We rented car and the parkig is across the Hotel.Location? Close to Union Square, Chinatown, Cable Car, BART, and other options for transportation.That was the firs time when we went to explor San Francisco and I made very good choise with &quot;GRANT,GRANT,GRANT HOTEL&quot;	
Nov 3 2005 	Enjoyed My Stay	I came to San Francisco to attend the ACS Congress in October. The Grant Hotel was the perfect place for me to stay. It is very close to the Union Square, China Town, financial district. And to Moscone Center is also within a comfortable walking distance. I stayed in a room in the middle section of the building, no view, but very quiet. Have to admit it, this is not a fancy hotel, but it is very clean, with just right level of basic service which matches the price, even a little more (The free internet access in the lobby, wired and wireless, is a plus to me.) The breakfast is also very basic, with various pastries, tea and coffee. But to people who come for conference or touring San Francisco, with budget in mind, this is the right place to stay.	
Oct 29 2005	Good Budget Hotel	Just returned from a 7 night stay at this hotel. Great location! Close to Union Square, Chinatown, Cable Car, BART, and other options for transportation. Could hear the cable car bells any time we were in our room and what could be better to remember?A negative was that our room faced Bush St., a busy corridor, with cars zipping by most of the night and garbage haulers arriving at 4:10 each morning and again around 5 AM parking just below our window as they operated their whirring equipment. We were awakened frequently each night. The window had to remain opened because it was very difficult to maintain a cool temperature even though we turned the radiator off. No A/C.Room was very clean and the bathroom was BIG and comfortable. Staff at reception was pleasant and helpful. Continental breakfast was so-so. Croissants and kind of a tasteless pastry of some kind. Ate it only once. Would liked to have had fruit or juice included. No ice machine was available which was a real negative for us since we like cold water, juice and wine. A microwave is available in the lobby for guest use and hot water is steaming and available any time we looked for it. Free internet is in the lobby too.We rented a car for two days and discounted parking (because we were staying at the Grant) was available directly across the street and was also the garage to which we were able to return our rental car. Both were a definite plus.Would we stay here again? Absolutely, but we would ask for a room that did not face the street and bring one of those little electric 6 pack coolers with us.	
Oct 17 2005	For the Budget Conscious	Pros: Location is awesome! 3 blocks from Chinatown, half a block from the Powell-Hyde cable car-line. Parking lot across the street (about $11/day) otherwise, parking is hard to get in SF. Room was spacious, tidy, and sanitary. Even had a walk-in closet that we didn't really need but nice anyway. Internet access downstairs in the lobby (1 computer). Cons: No fridge/microwave. Bathroom had no air vents or maybe it was broken. &quot;Continental&quot; breakfast was just donuts and coffee. Staff pretty much left you alone so don't expect them to bend over backwards for you. Overall, it was worth the $75 considering it is SF. Book it if you need a clean place to stay in central location but keep in mind its a 2-star hotel so don't expect luxury!	
Oct 15 2005	We Thought Better!	Good location to visit S.F. near Chinatown and Market Street. Room clean but not so renovated. Little breakfast. The staff was not so friendly like we thought when we booked (by mail).	
Oct 11 2005	Couldn't get out quick enough.	I booked out the same day I arrived. It cost me $100. No fridge or cofeemaker in room. Beverages in the reception must be paid for. Hotel all no smoking. When my partner asked if there was a rear outside smoking area the desk clerk screamed &quot;Outside Outside&quot; and pointed to the front door. Problem is, there is a male strip club almost next door.	
Oct 3 2005	A great base to explore SF	Stayed here for 3 days while exploring SF for the first time - what a great place! Very central to Union Square and transport links, I was very pleased with my find as we were so central!Good bed in average sized room, very large bathroom, breakfast supplied in lobby in the morning is the average American continental danish and coffee. Can really recommend this place if you are keen to be central and want to spend your time looking at the sites rather than trecking back to a hotel on the other side of the city	
Sep 29 2005	Ok for San Fran	Older hotel well situated just off the cable car line. As with most of San Fran you pay well above what the Hotel is worth, but in context this hotel is comfortable without been spectacular. Great bathroom and shower and security seemed ok. Staff were friendly but did not go out of their way to assist. Close to plenty of good dining out places and shopping, free internet at the hotel is a bonus.	
Sep 14 2005	great place for the price	This was a great find based on all the other reviews about this hotel on tripadvisor.com. The Grant Hotel is located right in the heart of where you want to be in San Francisco. It was in a quiet and safe location, only a few steps from the Powell Street streetcar that takes you all the way to Fisherman's Warf.If you're trying to be more budget conscious in San Francisco, you can feel good saving by staying here. The hotel is old, granted, but clean. The rooms are not the Hilton, but then again you're only paying $65US a night for a full bed. Private bathroom was very clean, bed was comfortable. Our view was the brick building about 2 metres away from us, but again, $65.The hotel is family run by an oriental family which were all very nice. Continental breakfast is served daily 7-10 a.m. which consists of small muffins or danishes and tea or coffee, so don't plan on this being your breakfast!Easy to get to via public transit, just take the BART from the airport to Powell Street station, walk uphill about 10 minutes (it's quite uphill, but good exercise) and save the taxi fare (it's busy on the streets anyhow), turn left at Bush and about 20 metres away is the hotel.Do yourself a favor and stay here if you're budget conscious. It's affordable, clean, safe, in a killer location, and it's easy to get to.	
Aug 6 2005	Great hotel great location		
Jul 27 2005	Great little hotel Value and Location		
Apr 6 2005	What a good deal		
Mar 17 2005	What a bargain		
Nov 18 2004	quite a find!		
Nov 1 2004	I do recommend this hotel		
Jun 14 2004	Basic cheap and central		
May 22 2004	Cheap and okay		
May 10 2004	Inexpensive and Clean		
Jun 27 2003	Grant Hotel - Bush St San Francisco		
Nov 4 2009 	Hotel in zentraler Lage mit kleinen Zimmern		
Oct 30 2009 	ottima posizione e prezzo		
Oct 7 2009 	Très bon emplacement mais chambre sordide...		
Oct 7 2009 	hotel à choisir sans hésitation		
Oct 5 2009 	buena ubicacion correcto		
Oct 1 2009 	ideal		
Sep 15 2009 	parfait		
Sep 6 2009 	très bien placé bon prix		
Aug 16 2009 	joli hotel très bien placé		
Aug 4 2009 	Ottima base di partenza!!!		
Jul 9 2009 	excellent rapport qualité prix		
Mar 20 2009 	4 filles à SF		
Feb 12 2009 	????????????????????		
Jan 25 2009 	Plein centre extra!		
Dec 10 2008 	3 jours au coeur de san francisco		
Dec 4 2008 	ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Oct 10 2008 	tres bien situe mais un peu bruyant		
Oct 9 2008 	Grande location ma niente altro		
Oct 6 2008 	Très bon rapport qualité/prix		
Sep 28 2008 	Buena Ubicación Buen precio		
Jul 15 2008 	Agreable		
Jul 9 2008 	Toujours bien reçu		
Jun 11 2008 	Ubicación perfecta!		
Nov 16 2007	ok hotel pessimo personale alla reception!		
Oct 11 2007 	Sauber und zweckmässig top Lage		
Jul 24 2007 	Ottimo albergo		
Jun 6 2007 	Bon rapport qualité/prix/situation		
Feb 16 2007 	Très bien pour les jeunes couples		
