Oct 8 2009 	Good rooms. Great staff	Came to hotel without a reservation. Staff was helpful in giving us a great rate. We only planned on staying 1 night, but with all the great advice on the great places to visit and eat, we ended up staying 3 nights. The rooms were nice and clean, had all the amenities we needed during our stay. Free Parking. Walking distance to public transportation.	
Oct 1 2009 	Good Public Transportation 	We were iffy at first when we pulled into the hotel. But then when we checked into the room we were relieved! The room is decent and you get what you pay for. Did come with a small fridge which was a plus for me so I can store my Diabetic medicine. Front desk staff was very helpfull in helping us coordinate our transportation needs from all the sightseeing places we were going to.Pros: Friendly Staff, Footsteps to Public Transportation, Free Parking, Free In room Fridge.Cons: No elevators, and No lotions were available in room.	
Sep 30 2009 	Better hotels in the area for just a little higher price	Very noisy. TV didn't work well. Room too small. Literature and postings at hotel advertised continental breakfast, but there was none and I didn't get up in time to go out to eat. Not a great area.	
Jul 20 2009 	Affordable Rates at a Great Location	We had to make a last minute booking since we were attending the Semiconductor convention at Mascone Center. The hotel was like 6 blocks away and the prices were way cheap compared to the hotels nearby the convention center. It took us a mere 16 minute walk to the convention center, and coming back at night we decided to cab it which cost us about $5. We ended up extending our stay to tour san francisco a little bit. Instead of renting a car, the frontdesk clerk MIKE advised us to use public transportation which were footsteps to the property. And guided us to the main attractions to see in San Francsico and also recommended some hidden Gems spots that not a lot of tourists knew about. I was very impressed with his knowledge of San Francisco. Rooms are decent the room we had a microwave and a small fridge and high speed internet was free. The only thing the property was lacking were ground floor rooms. The property is structured were the ground floor is designated for the FREE parking. We enjoyed our stay, and if any of you are lucky to bump into MIKE make sure you pick his BRAIN!!We will be back for sure!	
Jul 13 2009 	disappointing could do better	after staying at the vagabond inn in sacramento which was FAR MUCH better than when we stayed at the vagabond inn in san francisco the san francisco vagabond lacked the friendly approach to the guests and non interest of breakfast facilty badly lets this hotel down when we stayed at the vagabond in sacramento the staff there couldnt do enough for us i got the impression the 2 hotels who both shared the same name are not part of the same hotel chain if they are connected in the same hotel chain 1 is clearly letting the side down which is not the sort of impression san francisco wants to give if it is trying to attracted tourisum which is supposed to be 1 of thea top holiday places to visit maybe they should look to sacramentos vagabond inn for some insperation they might learn a few things .	
Jun 6 2007 	I enjoyed my stay here	I stayed here for two nights, and I really liked it. My room was clean, and funny that the lady who commented on the homeless people. They are everywhere in SF, not just on this intersection! Its a big city, go figure! And SF is not a kid-friendly city, so why lug three kids around? SF is for adults!I would stay here again, in fact, my job is sending me there in a few weeks!	
Mar 25 2007 	Awefull!!	Our experience was so bad, I'm not sure even where to start. I booked my family and I (My husband and three children, ages 1,7,9) online for a four night stay as part of our yearly vacation. I've never stayed here, or at any other Howard Johnson before, but from what I've heard and read, I assumed it would be okay. Ad list free parking, but there is only about 6-8 spots on street level, plus only one way to get in and out. You have to back out into trafic from an enclosed garage. Next, the &quot;locked&quot; gate to get access to rooms above was broken and did not lock. NOT safe. I requested a non smoking room, and after hauling our children and luggage up a flight of stairs, found we were booked into a smoking room. After complaint, we were moved to the third floor. So after hefting children/bags up another flight of stairs (there's no elevator by the way), our second rm was smoke free. However, moulding was broken off above the door, two of the four lamps in the room did not work, the bathroom must have had at least 2 or 3 different kinds of tiles. There were rips in coverlets and the room just felt unclean. When looking out the window, we could see a huge deserted parking lot, and seperating us was an alley that had all sorts of graffiti, garbage and homeless people. We were literally checked in, and checked back out in 10 minutes. They refused to give me a full refund, charged me for one nights stay ($125). I wouldn't pay $50 to stay there and i will NEVER stay at a Howard Johnson again because of my experience here.	
Jan 15 2007	Not bad	Not bad for a budget hotel. Area isnt as bad as other parts of the city, after all it is San francisco! The hotel is secure, with a security gate at bottom floor to give access to only key holders. (no elevator which is typically expected with smaller hotels i guess) Rooms are clean, impressed with the granite bathroom counter tops. Sink and toilet separate. The rooms arent as big but incorporate all the necessities to make our stary affordable, safe, comfortable and peaceful. The noice wasnt bad at all, surprising we were concerened with the traffic on the streets but actually it stayed quiet and traffic does quiet down after rush hour. Housekeeping friendly. Office staff proficient and friendly, helpful with directions and recommendations. if ur looking for a affordable place to stay this is not a bad choice, I would stay there again.	
Sep 19 2005 	---- hole	There is absolutely nothing good about this hotel.1 - This portion of 9th avenue is an off ramp from 101 freeway. There is so much noice that you cannot sleep.2 - This area of San Francisco is the second worse area (the work being 3 blocks away at 6th). Locals will avise that you do not walk in this neighborhood. There are so many bumbs and destitute people that you will feel unsafe.3 - The management is completely imcompetent. They left my room open for a day by simply failing to close the door. Then I went to the the front desk, they would not even open the door to let me in. I went back to my room (after checking to make sure no one had endered), I called the from desk. Their response to leaving my room open in thids dangerous neifhborhood was that they couldn't understand hor htis had heppened. I received no apology, no promise to prevent this from happening in the future, nothing.I would only stay at this hotel if it was a choice between here or sleeping on the street in a c rappy part of town. As one bartender told me, if the weather is decent, it would be better to sleep in the park that in this neighborhood. When you add the fack that this hotel won't enforce simple safety precautions such as closing door, I would recomment only that the suicidal stay in this hotel.Please note. I haven neer written an online review before. I feel so strongly that this is an unsafe hotel that for the first time I am writing a review in the hopes that no other people need to experiance the fear and discomfort that I have faced the past two nights.	
Feb 19 2005	budget rates	i went there and first thought this is the smallest howard johnson i have ever seen. I mean all the surrounding buildings were all compact. I couldn't cancel my reservation so i had no choice but to stay there. The guy at the front desk &quot;mike&quot; was very nice and he knew the city well. He explained to me places i shouldn't go in the city and places that i should. Frontdesk were very knowledgeable. Secondly, the room was better lookin than the exterior of the hotel..i was suprised they had a little fridge and a microwave..they also had a coffee maker, but they only had put out DECAF coffee..they probably ran out of regular...anyways the room looks like it was remodeled. I felt safe at the hotel knowing that each guest has to go through a gate door only guests staying there who have a key can get up to the rooms. My rate was at $79 bucks.even thou the property is compact..i would definetly go back there again..bad things about the hotel: no elevator, compact place, limited parking spots. So basically as they say &quot;Never judge a book from its cover!&quot;	
Jan 26 2005	Get the most bang out of your buck!	It is a small property! The location is in South of the Market and its not far away from the civic center. Parking is limited but its FREE! try to come early to get the free parking because its first come first serve! This hotel probably gave me the most out of my buck. Rates are budgeted around $50-$90... and the rooms look like their newly remodeled..which included a microwave, refridgerator, and a little cofee maker...their rooms start on the second floor, first floor is all parking...unfortunatly they have no elevators...taking the stairs weren't that bad..but i would prefer an elevator anytime....The hotel also started offering FREE HIGH SPEED INTERNET! they haven't advertised that amenity anywhere on their website or even in their room which i thought was weird. But overall this hotel provides all the necessity needs of a buisness traveler.	
Jan 12 2005 	reliable budget motel	I've stayed many times over the past decade at the Howard Johnson Express Inn (at 9th and Harrison, formerly known as the Ho Jo Inn). It is a little unusual in that all the rooms are upstairs (2nd &amp; 3rd floors, no elevator) and accessed via a locking gate from the parking area, which is right next to the little office. It's really a tiny and unconventionally laid-out place, with maybe two dozen rooms. All rooms are accessed via outdoor corridors, but these are behind the locked gate and thus presumably safer than the rooms at the Best Western across the street. I don't worry about safety in this area any more than in any other part of town. It's fine during the day but perhaps a bit spooky in the wee hours of the morning, if one is not used to urban areas.The rooms were remodeled 4-5 years ago and are still in pretty good shape. The baths have attractive, polished ceramic tile floors. The tub and commode are fairly nice for a budget hotel. The sink is outside the bath, part of a counter area that has a mini fridge and microwave, as well as a small drip coffee maker. The TV is large and the cable service has a good assortment of channels. Watch out for the in-room phone service, as rather high per minute toll rates can be charged even if one dials a 415 exchange (without a 1 prefix) that is only a few miles away. Check the location of the dialed number carefully, or use a calling card.Bedding and room furnishings are otherwise about what one should expect for $70-$80 in SF. In general things are in good shape and clean appearing.The person on duty appears to live in a two level suite that connects with the office. For several years the same guy, &quot;Bob&quot; would always be the one to greet me when I checked in, regardless of time of day or day of the week. (I always wondered if he was being held prisoner there!) However Bob seems to have disappeared recently. Nonetheless, my encounters with the staff and housekeeping have always been pleasant here.Parking is free but there are only about 8 or 9 parking spaces; one of those is marked for handicapped use. My experience is that one can usually get a space if one arrives by early evening. Later at night on a weekend would likely be a problem. However, one can park in front of the hotel on the street (metered space) as long as one gets up by 8 AM to feed the meter.This is really a very good choice if one is on a budget, and there really isn't a much better alternative hotel on this side of 5th and Market.	
Jul 26 2004	Horrible	The room wasnt ready when we arrived, then it was dirty. Dirty towels, dirty ripped bedding, dirty fridge. Wont be going there again.	
Sep 8 2008 	Un asco el olor		
