Oct 30 2009 	OK value though shabby; good position.	I extended a one night stay to three. The staff were basically helpful when asked. My room was clean, comfortable, and daily serviced. I think the position is good for a budget hotel, near the Golden Gate theatre, right by Asian Arts Museum and Civic Centre. It's an old and architecturally atmospheric hotel.Negatives: it is very badly neglected. Things that might put you off are the need usually to ring the outside doorbell and wait to get someone to the unattended reception, unreliable breakfast availability (nil when I was there but I can see from other reviews that it can appear!), a very unreliable (but rather beautiful) classic Otis elevator, some very dilapidated corridors on the way to your room when the elevator is kaput, shabby though formerly elegant decor, homeless on nearby streets, though the street immediately outside was clear and felt safe and I didn't see any drug taking or pushing and I was never bothered anywhere. However, I rather liked both hotel and neighbourhood and felt it was OK value. One thing - when I extended my stay they raised the rate above the internet rate which was in the fifties to $70.	
Jul 17 2009 	don't take it unless you like bugs :)	Despite it's old fashioned, I expexted it to be at least nice. The elevator was not working, so we had take take our stuff to the 4th floor ourselves, taking into account, that the floors are much higher than average. We found bugs in the room. The neighbourhood of the hotel isn't pleasant, I mean poeple. Although it is not far from places of interest and shopping centers.Anyway, not very good memories from this hote.	
Apr 21 2009 	unexpected surprise	After reading the reviews I was expecting the worst... the hotel is comfortable, large rooms and friendly staff. Free breakfast was included which is a lot more than what we got in other much more expensive hotels we stayed in in California. The area which the hotel is in is indeed ghetto, drug dealers and users but they keep themselves to themselves. A bus or taxi is advisable to the centre as it is a distance to the main attractions. It is a budget hotel and doesn't claim to be anything else, worth the money and if you are travelling it is ideal. San Fran is really awesome ( least place we were looking forward to whilst travelling California) however it proved to be amazing. We cycled golden gate bridge, went to Alcatraz, countless bars and restaurants and lombard road is neat too! If you are staying for a short time then the Abigail is fine and a normal breakfast of toast and juice is what most people desire for breakfast not stacks of pancakes and fried food. Well done Abigail for getting this right! Oh and there is free internet in the lobby.	
Dec 9 2008	You get what you pay for!!! BEWARE OF DRUGGIES	There's really no where to park but on the street (parking meters) if you're lucky enough to find a spot! The first night we arrived we parked around the corner of the hotel and there were people dealing/smoking crack right on the sidewalk. I know they saw us but obviously didn't care. The alley on the side of hotel is a place for homeless to also do drugs or pass out. Hotel room was clean and cozy but they painted the inside of the bathtub and the whole bottom was peeling. I wore sandals in the shower. Breakfast was just toast with jelly and coffee, tea, and juice. Front desk was nice. Hotel is close to shopping mall/farmer's market. Wouldn't recommend to anyone with children! Overall the hotel was ok for $50 a night, but would rather pay extra $$ for a nice hotel, just to not deal with crackheads!	
Sep 1 2008 	Great place to stay if you're young.	My friend and I stayed here for a total of four nights and had a great time. All the other tenants in the hotel were very nice and so were to hotel staff. The hotel itself had a very quaint, old romantic feeling that both of us liked and the elevator was really old and awesome. I am disappointed to read that people paid less than I did to stay in the hotel considering that I thought I got a pretty good rate at $69 per night. Within walking distance to BART station, bus stops, restaurants and a neat farmers market that I saw Sunday and Monday morning. I will certainly be staying here again if I should return to San Francisco.	
Apr 24 2008 	Got we paid for- but very cheap	Stayed with my wife for 9 nights. $30 US a night was great! Was in what some may think is a dodgy neighbourhood, but we had no problems. Geat access to public transport. Main issue was bad plumbing- toilet often blocked and had to move rooms once. Service was also very minimal. But for the price we couldnt complain too much.	
Apr 20 2008 	Horror Hotel	I stayed at this hotel with a friend due to its close proximity to a concert we were attending down the street at the Warfield. What a mistake!!! Yeah it had old decor and I couldn't fit on the bed ( I'm 6'3). but all off that pales in comparison to what I found in the bathroom. I noticed that the cute country style mirror was set in a window frame. So my first thought is &quot; I wonder if his opens like a window?&quot; so I grab the window frame and what do ya know it opened right up. So there I am standing in the bathroom staring through a hole in the wall into a dark hallway about four feet wide that ran the length of our room. So now I'm wondering if my mirror might be one-way and I'm afraid to shower or use the toilet. I also can't sleep the entire night from the fear of someone entering our room through this mirror. At different points through the night my friend and I could hear people in this vacant area outside our room. It felt like a bad horror movie. At least we could watch the Dealers selling crack outside our window all night for entertainment while we weren't sleeping. To sum up: I will not be staying at this hotel again.	
Apr 18 2008 	Totally misleading!	This was the worst hotel ever!!! When I looked it up on line it looked ok, but when I got there I was really surprised. It looked NOTHING like the on-line photo's, looking really run down. My room was crappy as well, and the bathroom looked like a total dump! I didn't even feel safe in the hotel, nor did I feel safe walking around outside since the hotel's in gangster-land. No wonder it's so cheap! DO NOT STAY HERE (seriously).	
Mar 12 2008 	This Place Is Hell!!!!!	My hubby and I came here for our anniversary and WOW was it ever ruined. when we first checked in, our room was not ready and so they went to put us on the 5th floor and the door looked like it had been kicked in and the people 3 rooms down was really loud having relations went to complain that we could not get into room and they said that they were going to put our things into another room until original room was cleaned and we went into room and I was pissed because there was drug paraphenalia all over the room and I took a first aid glove and picked up the crack pipe and took it to the front desk and the guy had the galls to insinuate that it was mine and I got mad and left for awhile and when we came back they moved us to another room and the mirror was on the floor by the wall and there was twin beds and we were right next to the antique elevator and ever time sone one came on or off of it the door slammed and woke us up. we left early and complained to the Howard Johnson Corporation and all the did was send us a coupon for $25.0 off saying that we can use it on our next visit. YEAH RIGHT!!!	
Feb 19 2008 	Do Not Stay Here	We knew upon booking that The Abigail was not a 5-star hotel and we did not expect it to be. However, we expected something better than a hostel in Europe. We were sadly mistaken. Upon arrival (11 am), we were told that check-in was not until 3 pm and there were no rooms available at all. After checking or bags at the desk and walking around until 3 pm we returned to check in. We then found out that we had 2 double beds instead of a queen that we requested. We were told no other rooms were available at all and we would have to take that room. We then discovered there was no ice machine in the hotel (yet they had ice buckets and glasses in the room; go figure). There were no electrical outlets in the room, only extension cords that magically came up from the base boards (that can't be up to fire code) and if that was not weird enough, only 2 outlets out of 4 on the extension cord actually worked. The walls throughout the hotel were dented and mudded, but never painted again. We found mold growing in our room (um health liability) and the front desk clerks would have been better suited to work fast food than to be at the front desk of a hotel. Even if you are on a budget, STAY AWAY from the Abigail, sometimes saving money is not worth the annoyances and problems you get into.	
Feb 2 2008 	Scabbi-Gail Hotel	We stayed in the Abigail Hotel for 5 nights, we chose it as it was the cheapest we could find and we were on a strict budget!Having read the other reviews we were not expecting The Ritz but it was disappointing. We arrived at 1am, after being up 24hrs travelling from the UK. Our taxi driver told us we were on the outskirts of the 'rough' area, and advised us not to go past our road!The hotel was shabby and dated, there were also lots of down and outs roaming the streets as well! The man on reception was very helpful (and staff were excellent throughout our stay)The lift was small and rickety. Our room was on the top floor facing the nearby Asian Arts museum.I have to say that the hotel would have failed miserably on a Health &amp; Safety inspection (see photos), the windows were cracked, some were nailed shut, others did not shut properly!! The plug sockets were obviously dangerous, with masking tape and dodgy wiring.The bedsheets (although clean) had cigarette burns in them. The bed was clean and comfortable though.Noise wasnt too much of a problem, with either traffic or nearby locals. We both had jetlag so went to bed about 9pm each night and were awake by 5am so sat in bed watching local news reports of nearby shootings!! We were out all day and so only used the hotel as a base.We had been advised at the time of booking that the hotels restaurant was closed for refurbishment, but there was a lovely bar/bistro on the corner by the hotel, which showed films on a monday night, and had a very friendly helpful barman!Be warned that the hotel is near to some very dubious areas, and when walking back from the cinema/shopping centre we took a wrong turning and ended up in some very unsavour streets! The bus stop taking you to the Harbour/Pier 39 etc is just across the road so definitely use this if you are travelling back in the evenings.I have given this hotel a 2 out of 5 as the staff were very good and helpful.	
Jan 16 2008 	OK little hotel good location	Got this hotel for $50/nt and stayed for two nights. It was OK for the price and location. The front desk was good and friendly, but not informative at all about the city. It's just opposite the Asian Art Museum and next to Civic Center, City Hall, Market Street, and Civic Center BART/Muni Station. Chinatown and Union Square are also in a short-walk distance. It's in a good location to get around this city.We initially booked for a double-bed room, but got a king bed instead. However, the room is quite small with a TV, a working desk, and a small love seat . You have a very little area to walk around the bed. Bathroom is rather old, but clean. The hallway is clean and nothing looks like some images posted in the past even though they're still renovating a few guest rooms. The worst thing during our stay is that the room was quite cold at night as the heater in our room in the 6th floor didn't work well. We asked them to fix that, but it didn't help. As other reviews mentioned about the homeless, I didn't see a lot of them. Maybe it's too cold and wet during this time of year for them to wander around.Overall, it's good value for budget-mined travellers.	
Jan 10 2008 	Flop-House In Skid Row	I have never had such a horrifying experience at a hotel in my life! (and hopefully never will again) Upon entering the &quot;inner sanctum&quot;, better known as the lobby, we were greeted by a not-so-friendly desk clerk, whom, I guess doubled as night watchman,( since he later sacked out on the lobby sofa, snoring as we passed by upon returning in the evening.) The elevator was so rickety and small, you could barely get on with a small suitcase. The floor had a mushy bounce to it, and it felt like it was lined with cardboard. As it lurched into its ascent, I remember reciting the Lord's Prayer. When we finally reached our floor, I was still praying as we opened the door to the &quot;little shop of horrors.&quot; The exposed wires of a single light bulb dangled from the ceiling fan, which more resembled an interrogation device rather than an actual fixture. The other code violations and many infractions we took note of are too numerous to mention here. That night, when we returned to our hotel room, exhausted from walking around the area in search of alternate options for lodging, which my son found on line, we were about to climb into bed, when I noticed the stained and dingy-looking bed linen. We went down to our vehicle and brought up a blanket and laid it on top of the bed, where we &quot;slept&quot; fully clothed, ready to depart at day-break. Unfortunately, not much sleep actually occurred because we were awakened to the sounds of very loud arguing and screaming emanating from the run-down building next door to the hotel. This went on until day-break, when my husband turned to me and said , &quot;Are you ready?&quot; , to which I wasted no time jumping off that flea-bag bed, grabbing our belongings, and racing to the rickety elevator. As we flew by the front desk, bags in hand, I heard the clerk inquire &quot;Are you coming back?&quot;, to which I hollered over my shoulder, &quot;NO! I will never come back here again!&quot; As we pulled away from the curb, I bade goodbye to the Abigail Hotel (and the reprobate urinating on the lamp post outside the building) NEVER AGAIN!!	
Nov 15 2007 	Nice clean hotel great for the price!	We stayed at this hotel recently and I had booked it after reading the latest Oct 2007 reveiws and yes I have to agree with them that although its not the best hotel in town, I dont think you could get a better deal for the price and loctaion in downtown San Francisco. The hotel is neat and clean, yes it is old but if you are looking to just sleep during the night its a good place. We were in SFO for a short time and were mostly out exploring the city during the day, so it worked out great for us. Its definitely not the place for you if you have in mind a relaxing hotel stay! The staff is curteous and quite helpful	
Oct 21 2007 	We found this hotel to be quite quaint and charming.	The owner took a personal interest in us. We were always greeted upon entering the hotel. The room was very clean, with the housekeeping staff coming in daily to change the linen and towels. On our first day there, they called the cab company for us to get to the hospital on time. We live in the country and really dislike city living, but the staff at the Abigail made us feel at home.For the price, you can't beat it.4 STARSEndorsed by Dalevis (An Elvis Tribute Artist)	
Jun 8 2007	Good location and a cute hotel!	I found the Abigail Hotel to be very agreeable, especially for the price. The room was spacious and clean, with new locks and lighting fixtures. The staff was always friendly and seemed hard-working. This hotel is in a great location - a short walk away from the Opera House and Market Street, and not too far by foot from Chinatown or Union Square, if one doesn't mind a short hike. The only downsides I could find were that the hotel is rather old and in need of cosmetic renovation (though that in no way reflects the quality of service and room comfort), and that the area in which it is located - the Civic Center - is a little seedy. However, we had a great experience there and really enjoyed our stay!	
Mar 14 2007 	OK for the Price; Excellent customer service	Well, I read the previous comments and all I can say is that I had a different experience. Staff was very proactive and educated, willing to help all the time. The room was good for the price. Location in downtown, you cannot beat that. I know, it is not the GREATEST place on earth, but they are trying to provide a clean and good service. I definetely come back to the Abigail Hotel and I hope that you do so too. RELAX.AGAIN, it is not the best for the &quot;picky&quot; individuals.	
Oct 10 2006 	The Worst Hotel in the US	We stayed in this hotel the past weekend, Oct 6, 2006, on our weekend getaway to SF. I'm not a picky one or could care less about fancy hotels but boy, this was something. When you just enter the hotel, it looks old and has this smell to it but they were remodeling the lobby, so, we didn't care. We had a room on the 5th floor and when we entered, I was shocked. Check out the pictures posted in one of the other reviews. That's exactly how the room looked like - broken cabinet doors, chipped ceiling/walls, no curtains, dirty windows, a dirty bathroom. The worst thing was the bed itself. The sheets were dirty, had &quot;stains&quot; on them and there was cigarette smoke smell everywhere. We went downstairs and asked for a new blanket. The guy brought a new one but didn't take the old one and told us to throw it on the floor. He still didn't offer to change the bed sheets and the pillow covers. It was too late for us to go anywhere else and were forced to spend the night there. I honestly think that it's hazardous to stay here. They must be in violation of some sort of laws. My nose was swollen the next morning. It was so terrible that come next morning, we checked out. I beg everybody to please DO NOT check into this hotel. There are other very affortable hotels around that are CLEAN. For example, just blocks away is Red Coach Lodge - that's where we stayed our second night.	
Jun 29 2006 	even the fleas have fled	We left booking a hotel until the last minute, which gave us few options. On walking up to the Abigail we were a little put off by the ideal location - ideal for the Pride festival being right in the middle of the Civic Center, but every street was awash with litter and debris and winos and other homeless slept in the alleys and doorways near the hotel.The entrance door is flanked by a large early art deco stained glass leadlight that is broken and held together with duct tape - very classy. The entrance foyer is carpeted in a dark red carpet with holes and worn patches. Everything appears to have a coat of paint for each year of operation, some of it flaked off in patches, but just painted over again. Lead poisoning here we come.The first flight of stairs is dangerous - very steep with small width steps, but the warning sign to hold on to the stair rail is at the top of the stairs, and the stair railing is coming away from the wall - a good tug, or the weight of a body grabbing it in a fall will send you crashing down about 15 feet to the floor below.The old-style elevator has no handle on the concertina grill door - meaning you squash your hand if you don't remove it quickly enough.Each floor is the same as the last - with flaking paint and other debris littering the carpet, and evicted residents' belongings and broken appliances left in the hallways.The smoke alarm was broken in our room, as was one of the sash windows - crashing down after I opened it - lucky my head wasn't in the open space - not that there is a view - it looks into an alleyway each side, in which the bag ladies and bagmen sleep in all their stench and glory. There was also no floor plan map on the back of the door to explain where the fire exits where in the case of an emergency.We noticed the certificate for the saftey of the elevator expired in June 2005, a point we took up with the State department responsible even though the duty manager (who gave his names as Andy, Andy Patel, and Andy Suchek) lied many times to us about how they did have a valid certificate at the office and it was being faxed for us to see. We never did get to see it. The fire hose certificate on floor 4 was also expired, but at least the fire extinguisher certificate was current by six months.The bathroom was ventilated with a sash window painted over (and over) opening into a shaft that smelled as if a pigeon had lain deceased at the bottom for some months. No shelf to put your shampoo or makeup on either. When we arrived late in the day, there were no towels other than an old handtowel. When we finally received the full quota of bath linen two days later they were so small and threadbare. A towel when held vertically stretched from the floor to just above the knees - I am 5' 10&quot;.The bed was a king size which would have been lovely except that it left little room in the room for the other furniture - we banged our shins many times getting around the bed. It was made up with white poly/cotton sheets - for a double bed, judging by the amount on each side they were too short. We had to show the Indian maid how to make up the bed with the sheets going north/south instead of east/west. She was right to make the beds east/west though as that was the only way the sheets fitted!!!The blanket had as many holes in it as we stayed nights (six) and the quilted cover had cigarette burns in it, as did the side table.The armchair was covered with a slip cover that was long in need of a good wash - especially as it was splattered with dried blood down one side! Hepatitus B and C here we come!The room carpet was worn and very stained, even more so when at three one morning we awoke to the sound of running water only to find the light fitting above the door was gushing water from the floor above. The carpet remained soggy for the remainder of our stay, even though we were assured they had a wet/dry vacuum cleaner to deal with it.It looks like every problem is fixed by a near-sighted home-handyman - the type that smears plaster over cracks and holes but doesn't sand it smooth before applying liberal coats of paint. This was evident in three large cracks around the ceiling fan, the bedroom wall light switch, the bathroom sink wall mounts, and numerous holes and such patched on each floor in the stairwell.A small bar fridge and microwave was in the room as well as a very large television. Of the 80 or so channels it recieved only two were clear enough to view. The microwave was placed precariously on top of the bar fridge which was too low down on the floor to be comfortably used and the fridge was too large to fit in the aperture for it in the enormous wall unit housing the huge tv. We moved the microwave to atop the large desk taking up an entire corner of the room.The telephone did not work at all, we complained twice and when it was finally fixed, it did not accept 1-800 numbers - we had to make those from a payphone downstairs - a bit difficult to ring up the 1-800 numbers for an alternative hotel. There was also no schedule of charges in the room for such things as stealing the towels or making toll calls.We stayed the length of our stay (six nights) because we had no other place to stay, and accomodation was at a premium due to the Pride festival. We can't say it was clean - as it wasn't. We can't say it was comfortable, as it wasn't when we had to chase bed sheets around all night, and worried over how the huge cracks in the celing surrounding the celing fan mount got there...It certainly wasn't quiet. The smell of the dehydrating pigeon and the years of &quot;residents&quot; in the room meant we kept the one operating window wide open, but it let in the noise of sirens and homeless derelicts fighting in the alley below.Luckily we were usually exhausted from our daily excursions and slept fairly well.With the right owners, managers and staff this could be a boutique hotel commanding more moderate prices, but the cheap cost-cutting and building violations going on in the name of saving a few bucks on maintenance have left this place a death trap.The City and County of San Francisco acted quickly sending a building inspector around on Tuesday (we complained Monday) and he rang me in LA to say they had violated many areas of the building code and were issued with an infringement notice. Hopefully the State Dept responsible for the safety cert for the elevator will act accordingly also.The only good thing about the hotel was it's central location th BART, MUNI, and the Pride Festival. Certainly not worth the fifty dollars nightly we paid to sleep in a death trap, but worth fifty a night once they clean up their act.feel free to email for photos too large to post on site. rosebush40@yahoo.co.nzBruce GrovesRose Bush Entertainments(--)	
Jun 8 2006	The worst hotel I have ever stayed at in the world	I do not recommend this hotel at all!!! I stayed at the Abigail Hotel (March 10-March 13, 2006). It is the worst hotel that I have ever stayed at. I have posted some photos from my visit. I booked this hotel since it had OK reviews on other websites. I booked two non-smoking rooms and was told that they could not guarantee that the guests had not been smoking there. They even have a no smoking sign on the 6th floor, but I guess it doesn't matter... One of the rooms on the 6th floor was OK (not smelling like a bar), but the other one had both an ash tray in it as well as it was stinking of smoke. I went to the reception and he offered me another room, also smoky, then another room on the 5th floor which was even worse. The corridor had not been cleaned in weeks, with dirt and things lying around on the floor, so I went to the reception once again and I was offered another room on the 6th floor. They did not have an extra key for that one, so someone from the reception would have to accompany me and my husband to open the door every time we needed to enter. Well, I said that was unacceptable, so finally the receptionist found another room on the 6th floor that did not smell. By then I was so tired that I accepted the room.On of the old windows in the entry was broken and has been taped together and it looks unfinished. The owners/employees are not too friendly and hardly says hello when you pass them. The famous Millennium Vegetarian Restaurant has moved to another location, contrary to what it says on other websites.	
Mar 21 2006	Abigail you're a major disappointment!	This hotel was nothing like the image created by its website. I was expecting a homely bijoux hotel, but was greeted by a cold and dark hallway and an even colder room.The ratings on a series of sites ranged from 3*to 5*, so I was hoping for a modicum of cleanliness. Again, I was disappointed.Staff, though friendly, were of not much use. On my first day, upon enquring which direction I should go in (I'd read warnings about the area several blocks away, so wanted to avoid it) the receptionist apologised that she wasn't from the area and didn't know which direction the hotel faced!I understood from the one other guest I met whilst there that in 2003 it was indeed a lovely hotel, but those owners had left. This is a shame, as it's location is excellent.	
Nov 22 2005	The rat hole	&quot;We took one look at the room and walked out, there was no way we would stay there and I would not recommend it to my worst enemy.&quot; Windows were broken, holes from cigarettes in the beds. Sheets were ripped-off. Carpet was covered with dirt. Personal told us that it was &quot;the best room they had&quot;. My daughter almost cried...	
Sep 12 2005	A dump	Definatly nothing like the description that we were given by our agents.We found the same conditions as the previous review. There was supposed to be air conditioning, our room had a ceiling fan and an old cast iron radiator and the elevator was out of order.We took one look at the room and walked out, there was no way we would stay there and I would not recommend it to my worst enemy.	
Jul 8 2005	What a dump!	If you read any descriptions of the Abigail Hotel, forget them. The hotel must have changed hands since they were written.There is no Millennium Vegetarian Restaurant, bar, lounge, room service, parking or coffee making facilities.The hotel is now mainly residential.The room and furnishings were grubby, there were holes in the curtains and bedding, the TV was unwatchable.Staff were unhelpful, the maid didn't turn up, we were not given clean towels (we were told there weren't any).We had booked a quad room, for 3 adults. We were given a double room with one double bed and one folding &quot;camp bed&quot;.If you want a good, budget hotel in San Francisco, try the Air Travel.	
Apr 30 2005	You need to be street wise!	We stayed 2 weeks for $35 per night for a dbl rm. Fantastically cheap (via an agent in London) bt you get what you pay for. Clean room bt desperately old decor. Cigarette burns on the carpet and (clean) bedding. Rm cleaned/bed changed every 3 days. Web page totally inaccurate. No restaurant (famous veggie restaurant closed years ago), no tea/coffee making facilities, staff pleasant bt uninterested and no additional information or tourist advice given but for leaflets in the slightly grubby foyer. Area is incredible - our view was the beautiful City Hall but it is also a rough neighborhood so hence the title of this review! While we were there we heard arguments with the Hotel Manager and long term residents, the glass of the foyer front door was kicked in and the police visited once to evict a tenant.I would suggest young, travel wise backpackers stay here for a few nights only.Traditional tourists; you won't like it. Families with children; absolutely not.	
Sep 28 2004	Not bad for the price.	I found this hotel at the last minute for a three night stay in September 2004. It is an odd place. It is a Howard Johnson hotel, but is really part hotel and low-income residence. The front part of the building is a hotel, the rest are tenant-occupied. For this reason it is a little unnerving. The rooms are clean, just a little worn. They look like old studios quickly converted to hotel rooms with TV armoires in front of an old closet door. The rates were cheap and the staff nice but they weren't very fluent in English. No parking available. Close to Civic Center and easy to walk to Market Street.	
Sep 10 2009 	Immonde et Insalubre		
Sep 7 2009 	Attenzione attenzione lasciate perdere		
Jul 25 2007 	50:50		
Dec 31 2006	Hôtel à éviter !		
Sep 26 2006 	NON METTETECI PIEDE! DON'T COME IN THIS HOTEL. WARNING RAT!		
