Nov 20 2009 	Don't stay at this dump!	I booked this establishment for 3 nights in October 2009 using Worldpoints through their website. Wrote ahead to confirm. Upon arrival was shown what was obviously the night clerk's room. It was immediately adjacent to the lobby desk, and fronted the busy street. They had put up a paper sign &quot;Quiet Please! People are staying in this room tonight&quot;. The room was about 8 x 10', the bath had an additional entrance for the night clerk. The room was also used to store other people's luggage and even a wheelchair which could not be moved! It was pretty dirty and rundown. We left after a few minutes. On checking out another guest was told that her daughter could sleep on the floor, they would give her a pillow and blankets instead of a bed! I canceled my Bank of America Worldpoints Visa Card for putting us in this dump. Beware!	
Nov 19 2009 	We loved it	We booked the Fitzgerald for a very low price. We only paid 230 Dollars for 5 nights in a hotel in the heart of San Francisco. We didn´t know what to expect . We actually expected the worst, but we were pleasantly surprised. Our Room was small, but very clean and we had our own bathroom, which we appreciated a lot. There was roomservice everyday and we really liked the room. The location of The Fitzgerald was great as well. only 2!!!! blocks away from the Union Sqaure and all its atractions.Breakfast was included, well it was not great but ok. we got a cream cheese bagel, coffee and orange juice. I don´t need more.I would highly recommend this hotel to people who want to stay in cheap and charmful place.I would return there anytime	
Nov 16 2009 	Comfy and great location	The hotel room was on the small side but it was comfy and had a microwave and fridge which was great. The free breakfast was ok, could have done with a better selection, but nothing really to moan about. The location was excellent, about a five minute walk to union square and bus services very near by if needed to get to the wharf if you didn't want to walk.A quiet and friendly hotel.	
Nov 3 2009 	The Fitzgerald was fine	My husband and I stayed here six nights, while I attended a medical conference. Although the room was small, it was very comfortable. The beds were great, and the frig and microwave were a welcome addition. I can't say enough about the location. You won't find a more reasonable place within such close walking distance to Union Square, the tours, and activities. You can supplement the continental breakfast with fruit and yogurt from the little store on the corner. We'd stay here again!	
Oct 5 2009 	Not impressed	I had originally booked to stay in the Nob Hill Hotel but was moved to the sister property of the Fitzgerald Hotel with little explaination as to why. I was not at all impressed. The facilitiies I had booked the original hotel for were missing from the other property. There were no drink facilities in the room or in the hotel unless you used the bar, no fridge or microwave as promised in the booking. Room was very small even by SF standards and staff were pleasant but uninterested. I was particularly annoyed that they did not contact me prior to arrival to inform me of the move, despite a very early booking being made and this meant that I walked to the hotel for over 30 minutes with luggage up the SF hills for no reason. One good thing I can say about the Fitzgerald is that it's location is very convient for Union Square and the public transport.	
Jul 30 2009 	like at home	san francisco is cold and always foggy, so this room is just fine for me without AC.nice location and 10min walk to union square, 35 min to fishermen's whalf.room is kind of small, but the furniture is just like at home.many europeans chose this hotel.service is pretty good.the people are very nice and friendly.breakfast has only juice ,milk bagel and bread.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location and service	I have been there 6 days. It is the hotel I would recomend to a friend if his drivers / issues to take a choice are: 1- great location - you are a just a short walk of everything, shops + cable care + restaurants - ; 2- Nice enviroment - the room was nice decorated european style- ; 3-great price - breakfast was included- ; 4- Clean room - towels change daily-. But if your are looking for big rooms, luxury enviroment and plenty of amenities, this is not your hotel choice.	
Jun 10 2009 	Bed Bugs!	Spending an anniversary in San Francisco was a well-planned vacation, but easily ruined. We were more than satisfied with the hotel's location (a main shopping area with premium retail and designer stores is nearby). The hotel staff was helpful, if not distinctly aloof. However, it wasn't until I noticed that the small itchy spots on my leg had somehow managed to pop up on my upper arms that I became concerned. Remembering a previous review of this hotel remarking that it had bed bug issues, I ran an image search and found the spots to be the product of just such a culprit -- bed bugs!We were staying in the hotel for just under a week, and I began to notice signs of bed bugs on my body around day 4. By the time we left, my right arm, left knee and foot, and mid-torso had the tell-tale signs of bed bug chomping. I would advise future travelers to reconsider saving a few bucks and think about the uncomfortable and rather creepy consequences of staying in a room with bed bugs. From what I've read, bed bugs were a problem in most of the rooms (it was a rather small hotel). They do have the nasty tendency of traveling with you; and a bed bug infestation is a difficult one to eradicate.	
Jun 1 2009 	You get what you pay for in San Francisco	Recently we stayed at this hotel and the main reason for choosing it, having read various reviews, was that it was a very good price and location in San Francisco. Any amount of searching for hotels will show you that it aint cheap to stay in this city and so if you want a top class hotel you have to pay for it. We found the hotel staff competent although not overly helpful but we didn't require them for anything and so had no real interaction with them beyond check in and check out. The room we had faced the main street and was a bit noisy but was very comfortable and clean, if in need of a bit of fresh paint in places. The breakfast was AWFUL! The choice consisted of pastries, bagels and sachets of Quaker oats, nothing else, no fruit, no cereal, no yoghurts, nothing. We had breakfast there on the first morning and then subsequently went elsewhere to fuel up for a hard days sight seeing. Overall, if you want a cheap, no frills, central hotel then this one is fine. Just don't expect luxury	
Mar 29 2009 	Comfortable and Private	When we booked to this hotel, we didn't know what to expect. Check-In was very fast and easy, we were advised of our Parking options, we didn't stay at the one they offered because it didn't look to safe to park our car there, so we walked to the next block and we found a vallet parking lot, with In and out privalages that charged 25 dollars (great service from those guys)We go in our room the room is small than the usual hotel rooms, but we found it to be very cozy, comfortable and private. The prize was awesome, we got it half the original price through hotwire, only cost 66 bucks. ( I wouldn't price the suggested price on this hotel though)The size was right for two people, we spent most of our night shopping, eating and visiting different places of San Francisco, mostly out of the hotel, so that's a reason why the room wasn't really an issue.the one thing we disliked was the restroom, the restroom was spacios and included all the ammenities a restroom should have, but the tub was really poor condition. Overall, this is a great place if you are spending most of your time outside your hotel, or a weekend deal, not recommended for vacationers or people who expect great ammenities in a hotel...	
Nov 12 2008	skip the breakfast	I spent three days in SF at a very pleasant time of the year: not too crowded, good dry weather. I had chosen this hotel for its convenient location near Union Square. The room was comfortable though a little over stuffed with furniture. The bathroom, on the other hand, lacked a shelf or any other place to put toilettries and was separated from the bedroom only by a sliding door , which did not make for much privacy for the toilet.The elevator is rather antique and no one will help you if you try to get your suitcase in by pushing the heavy grille to the side. The personnel seems to change all the time and is quite indifferent. There is a restaurant and bar , which I didn't visit after my experience with breakfast. The dismal smelly, basement has a small counter where coffee urns dispense indifferent weak coffee, a serving shelf offers bagels or rolls.Two very small rooms with minute tables to sit. The usual array of tea , sugar, jam,paper towels are all available on another table, a bowl of sliced apples and a few grapes were the only fresh fruit . Perhaps the same, served in a pleasant room, might not have seemed so skimpy and cheap. I recommend going out for that meal;Across from the hotel, a very good, Japanese cafe, restaurant , quite lively in the evening.Nearby, a convenience store, a cablecar stop, all the shops you want!	
Aug 22 2008 	Great Stay	My wife and I stayed at the Fitzgerald Hotel for new year's 07. We enjoyed our stay very much and found the rooms to be quite charming. The value you get for your money is great. The location is very good and the staff is friendly. Rooms may be small for some but they are all you will need for 2 to 4 people. Room decor was very nice. I would give it 2.5 stars personally.	
Feb 11 2008 	Great value great location!	Considering you're visiting San Francisco, this is hotel is the best. I mean you can't expect to have a Hyatt or a Marriott room, but for the price they charge it's a great value. The room and the bathroom were absolutely clean and comfortable, and it is located in the middle of everything. This is the best of the hotel. The breakfast was good, enough to hold until luch: juice, coffee, bagels, muffins. And except for an asian guy who was in the reception in the morning, everybody was friendly and helpful. I definitely recomend this hotel, and above all San Francisco is one of the prettiest cities of the United States.	
Jan 15 2008	A Pleasant stay on New Year's	We stayed for 2 nights for New Year's. On New Year's Eve, we were pleasantly surpised with a complimentary bottle of champagne and a box of chocolate in our room. The rooms are small, but cozy. Very close to Union Square. Refrigerator in room helped. We enjoyed our stay. We would stay here again!	
Oct 29 2007 	Bed Bugs	I stayed in this hotel for three nights in mid-August, 2007, and (similar to other reviewers of this hotel) encountered bed bugs.I caught one in a plastic cup and showed it to the nice woman at the desk. I asked what their policy is when guests find bed bugs in their rooms. She said that they will wash and fold ONE bag of laundry for me, and on weekdays they will call someone to spray, but nothing else, despite the fact that I was paying almost $200 per night. And, it was Saturday, which meant the room would not be sprayed until at earliest Monday, which is when I checked out. I took them up on their clean-one-bag-of-clothes policy, but I still had to sleep with the bed bugs for two more nights. They would not put me in another room, and they would offer me no other compensation.The nice women at the desk did recommend that I call the general manager, who, she said, would take care of me. So, I called the general manager, and he was curt and rude with me on the phone. He told me it's not his job to deal with my problems and that I should call another manager. So, when I called the other manager, he said that he would have to talk to the general manager and then get back to me. Basically, I got the runaround, and heard nothing else from either of them.I highly recommend you avoid this hotel, as bed bugs can easily hitch a ride in your luggage or clothes and infest your home.	
Oct 2 2007 	Avoid this hotel!!! Bed Bugs!!!	I am pretty shocked that I am the only one (compared to the other reviews) who recognized that they have some problems with bed bugs. Actually, I had no idea that there are bed bugs - didn't even know that they exist. It was horrible. I woke up every morning with ugly bites and after researching the internet I found out that these bites are from bed bugs. I also changed the room - still the same problem. The last day I packed my stuff and found some bed bugs on my luggage!!! Really horrible!!! So I had to wash everything and also bought a new suitcase (threw the old one away). I am really afraid that I will bring some home.So, for me this is the main reason why you should stay away from this hotel. You still need more? The rooms are vvveerrryyy small. In most of the rooms when you open your window you hear and see doves and their dirt. It's really disgusting. I am pretty sure this is also not very healthy. You don't have air-conditioning in the room and since the rooms are so small, it gets pretty hot in there. The phone does not work and everything in the room seems pretty old. Well, the location (2 blocks away from Union Square) is great and you have free WiFi which worked pretty ok, but that's it.Stay away from this hotel. This bed bugs problem plus the other things can really ruin your nice vacation.	
Oct 2 2007 	Avoid like the plague	Probably the worst hotel we've ever stayed at, period, including some four dollar gems in fetid Third World settings. Rooms so tiny you have to go out in the hall to change your mind. No air conditioning (yes, there are hot days in SF), and open windows bring in the noise of endless sirens, trash trucks, honking horns, etc. Ancient mattresses are V-shaped. Toilets clog constantly. Phones don't work. Vintage 1940s elevator may occasionally work, but don't count on it. Your delightful non-English speaking staff of one will smile politely as each one throughout the day or night has no idea what you are saying and even less how to communicate with you (look, I speak 4 languages and can fake my way through 7 more, so I'm not being a redneck). Offer of &quot;Free WiFi&quot; means in the lobby only. Problem is, there is no lobby. You are welcome to stand in the hallway. All this for just $279 per night. Plus the $3 per night &quot;safe deposit box fee and energy surcharge&quot;. For the 3 rooms I booked for 2 nights, that was $18. I stood quietly by in horror listening to a string of people whose toilets were clogged, whose phones and alarms did not work with important meetings in the morning, those who lugged six suitcases up six flights of stairs because the elevator broke, and then the stream with reservations who showed up all day and all night and were sent off to other hotels or just turned away because the hotel deliberately overbooked. Three poor women flew in from Mexico at 11:30 PM and broke down in tears when they were told that there was nowhere to sleep because the Fitzgerald had no record of their prepaid voucher and the entire city was full (big dental conference).  Which was the only reason that we hadn't bolted earlier. In retrospect, I would have slept better in the car. And saved $1,700.	
Oct 1 2007	Terrible Place	This is a terrible place....small, dark, musty, with indifferent service and no air conditioning.I was not given the room I paid for. I changed to a slightly better one, still not what I paid for.The rooms are wierdly decorated, like small, dark holes.No business services at all...couldn't even print out a boarding pass. No printer!Ughh, forget it!	
Sep 15 2007	Don't waste money there	The travel agent help us booking 4 night there. The overall experience is Bad and Bad. The hotel staff is very unqualify. I found the telephone was not working, so I told the hotel staff of this problem and asked they fixing it; but the girl just told me &quot; I am sorry&quot;; then I told them that my room's closestool stuck, then gave me a tool and asked me to fix the problem by myself. I can't believer it and felt anger and depressed. I told them I can't do it, because I must go out to for work and it was not my problem then he said they can't fix it until 8:00PM. It was a very very bad feeling. In the evening,I back hotel and I heard the front desk yelled a phone call whom want to look its friend. The front desk staff thundered out the phone said no people in the room then hang up phone. I can't believer it.Anyway the location is great, but the hotel service is unqualify. If you need a reast after work; please don't choice it.	
Aug 24 2007 	No room to swing a cat	This hotel describes itself as a &quot;luxurious and intimate victorian boutique hotel&quot;. Well they got the intimate bit right ... our room was so tiny there was literally no room to move once we'd opened our suitcase on the floor. The bed is pushed up against the wall (so you have to climb over your partner to get out) and is so close to the door that it's a struggle to close the door when you're leaving without trapping the bed clothes.The bed does come with loads of pillows and fluffy things - but the only place to store them when you actually want to sleep is in the wardrobe. Floorspace is virtually non-existent, but is the only place where a suitcase can be opened. We were at the end of a long trip and had put 3 other bags in left luggage at the airport. A good job - they simply would not have fitted into the room.We did ask whether they really considered this a double room but they just smiled and said, yes, all our rooms are compact. It wasn't until we were leaving that noticed the Fire Escape floorplan which confirmed this was indeed the smallest room available. I mentioned this as we left and was told &quot;Maybe you'll be luckier next time&quot;. There won't be a next time.Positives? Clean enough and a nice bar, but other than that, very disappointing.	
Mar 24 2007 	My favorite San Francisco hotel.	The Fitzgerald Hotel reminds me of a small family-owned European hotel. It is cozy, clean, and quiet, and the staff are warm and friendly. The beds are comfortable, the bathrooms are well-maintained and fully equipped, and the complimentary breakfast is high quality. The Fitzgerald Hotel is located two blocks from Union Square, one block from the Theater District, and an easy walk to a wide selection of good restaurants. The price is right, the rooms are practical, and nothing necessary for an enjoyable visit is lacking. I make a point of staying in the Fitzgerald Hotel whenever I have business in San Francisco.	
Mar 16 2007	A very mixed review	For one of the first times in my life, I'm at a near loss for the proper way to express what I have to say. Let's start out with the positives;the hotel is close to as it is represented; highly decorated, European-style- almost kitschy and claustrophobic, but very, very clean. There is a microwave in the room, ditto a fridge, and these come in handy. The lighting is better suited to mood than to practicality- the room I had (301, and if you're not a fan of drunks raving in the street, avoid it) had a lovely color scheme but needed some work. The shower was superb- hot and plentiful water. I had requested two beds, and the person checking us in explained to me that while skoosh (who she said is really expedia?) told us that we were requesting two beds, they actually only requested one, and that is what we got. She told us that we had to wait for the manager, and we did. He said they had upgraded us, free of charge, to a queen bed, but this seemed suspicious to me, since it was only by going to our room that we discovered the one bed- in other words, they upgraded us before we complained? The best he could offer us was an upgrade to a king for 15 more dollars a day- at that point, I felt I was being lied to, and wasn't about to give them any more money. The next morning I got into the shower, holding onto the bar, and promptly fell, bruising my leg severely. I knew there was no mat, but I assumed that the tub had grooves, or else those invisible looking strips. My eyes aren't what they used to be, and my assumption proved unfounded. When we went down to the continental breakfast, the woman who had checked us in was pouring orange juice, and we told her about the mat. She assured us we'd get one.A quick word about the breakfast- this is okay- orange juice, coffee, bagels, danish. The breakfast room doubles as a wine bar at night, and from what I could tell, does a lively business.When we arrived back at the hotel that night, there was no bath mat. So my husband went down to complain to the manager, and he did get us one, but I was quite annoyed and dismayed that a customer could fall and the staff was that cavalier about it. (Upon check out, when I told the woman at the desk my tale of woe, she asked me at once, did they offer you anything? An upgrade? A discount? and she seemed surprised that they hadn't. That was fine, but I found the whole thing to be stupid and shortsighted from a business standpoint.)I neglected to mention that there is also a nice cd player in the room; luckily I had brought some music with me, otherwise I fear that sleep would have been more of a problem because the street noise was horrendous. I've slept in hotels on busy streets in London, in Rome, in Madrid, in Amsterdam, in New Orleans, in San Antonio, in Baltimore and Philadelphia, and I have never had the likes of this. If you stay here, call first and make sure you don't face the street.The hotel is near Union Square, but if you have any condition that tires you out or you have difficulty with legs and/or back, it's a little bit of a hike from the Square, and more of a steep one from Powell Street Station or the cablecar turnaround.Just before we checked out, the girls in the room across from us told us that there had been homeless people sleeping in the hallway the night before. I had heard noises in the hall late at night, but since this was the only night I did, perhaps it was a one-time thing. Now, when we had checked in, the attendant told us that 800 numbers were 'complimentary'- my husband had business in San Jose the following week and was preparing, so he asked, knowing that different hotels have different policies. So we were quite surprised to be met with a further charge- a list of 800 numbers and an energy surcharge. My husband asked, which part of complimentary doesn't mean free? It's not that we so minded the extra 20-odd dollars, and if we had been told the truth, he probably would have used it anyway, but we weren't told the truth. I think this was less an outright lie than a lack of understanding from the staff.Most of the staff, though nice, seemed to have too much of a shrugging of the shoulders problem. In the Fitzgerald, in my experience, the customer is not only not always right, the customer hardly seems to matter. I would never stay there again, and I would strongly discourage anyone else from doing so.	
Dec 21 2006 	Great little hotel. good experience	We spent 4 nights at the Fitzgerald in December 2006. The room we had was one of the front ones on the upper floor and it was wonderful. A little on the small side but it had a refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, iron and board, and hair dryer in the room. The Towels in the bathroom were very plush and the room was very clean. (I think they must work up from the bottom since our room was never cleaned until after 2 pm.)Great location. Would stay again with the value we recieved.	
Sep 24 2006 	Great location good price clean rooms	I stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend for 1 night in July 2006. First, I must mention that the location excellent(a block or so from Union Square). The staff was courteous upon check in and advised us of our parking options (in and out parking across the street for $25 or no in and outs behind the hotel for $20). The elevator was very old (the kind with the sliding gate) and small, only room for 2 people with luggage. The room was tiny, but what at that price, what do you expect?! It was enough room for 2 people MAX. This was no problem for us, as we only were there to sleep and shower. The bed was against the wall (kinda odd) and comfortable enough. There was a minfridge, that was great. There was a small closet nook with a luggage stand (thank goodness, since there would have been no other area for luggage). There was 1 window that looked out to an interior building shaft that provided no fresh air. There was also no a/c. Thank goodness our room had a ceiling fan. The decor was nice, the room was nicely painted (at least they made an attempt to make it tasteful). Ours was done in a jungle theme with dark ratan furniture.The bathroom was very clean, but the vanity was behind the door, which kinda trapped you in when the door was open. Shower was a stand up type, water pressure/temp was fine. Overall, great place to stay if you can handle the small size.	
Jul 25 2006	Tiny rooms is an understatement.	We are pretty cheap and used to some very basic conditions, however this was tough even for us. Do not stay in this hotel unless you can have one of the front/street side bedrooms or are traveling alone. We agreed to a double bed as that was all they had left, however the size of the room was shocking. The bed was pushed against the wall and there was about 2 feet of floor space on the remaining edge. Our bags had to go on the floor in that space which meant that when one of us wanted to get into our bags and get dressed, the other either had to stand in the very small bathroom or lie on the bed. We could barey open the door to get out when both of us were in the room. There was no AC and the only window opened into a completely enclosed interior shaft several stories high. We spent 2 nights in that room until the last night when they were finally able to move us to one of the queen rooms that was street side. That room was fine. Both rooms were clean. Staff was kind but frustrating to work with. When booking the room we were told we would have free wireless internet in our room. We didn't although some staff thought we should, others said it was disconnected, others said we could use our laptop in the lobby (we couldn't). The breakfast was marginal: coffee/tea and juice, greasy pastries, bagels. I agree with an earlier post that this was a step up from a hostel. I would only stay there again if desperate for a room (which we were) and could be guaranteed a front room.	
Jul 15 2006 	Worst hotel ever stayed at/	I had to book a last minute trip to SF and the hotels I typically stay at were all booked due to a large conf in town. I wanted to stay in Union Square and Fitzgerald Hotel looked ok and had several good reviews. Big mistake, I can't remember staying at a worse hotel; this reminded me of on of those shady hotels we stayed at when pack-packing through Europe as a teenager.My flight out of New York was delayed 6 hours due to bad weather. I called the hotel before take-off informing the receptionist I would be coming in late, (around 2am) and wanted to assure them I would be coming and to confirm I was expected. No problem.After a long flight, my cab finally pulls ups around 3am; I wake up the female receptionist by knocking on the door. She gets up from the coach in the small lobby where she was stretched out. She seems very annoyed that I wake her up and walks up to the door takes my name and leave standing on the sidewalk! She comes back a few minutes later, tells me I have no reservation and that she can't let me in. I show her my confirmation; she finally lets me in, but tells me there are no rooms available.I pointed to my confirmation, mentioned that I spoke to someone at the hotel before I left NY and that I was not going to start looking for a hotel in the middle of the night. She had no sympathy for the fact that I had been up for 24 hours, she was just annoyed and irritated over the fact they I was inconveniencing her, as it was my fault that they had given my room to someone else. She calls her manager and they agree that I can stay at a spare room they have next to the lobby. She tells me that she will charge my $99 for this room, but apparently the manager disagrees and tells her to charge me full rate, $139. At this point I really don’t care what they charge, I just want to get a few hours of sleep. However, I find it unacceptable that they charge their customers going rate for a utility room (used for storage etc.), which is located between the lobby (door is 4 feet from the receptionist desk) and the entrance with windows actually facing the lobby, as well as the sidewalk. Needless to say I could hear everything that was going on in the lobby, thankfully it was not a busy night.The last thing I did before I wiped away pubic hair from my bed was to call the Hyatt who informs me that they have had some cancellations the following night, at least some good news. The $299 at Hyatt seemed like a bargain compared to $139 at Fitzgerald. Honestly I would not stay in this hotel if they paid me. I like boutique hotels, but you can’t compare a small quaint hotel with friendly and caring staff to the run-down, poorly kept building with rude, incompetent and exploiting staff at Hotel Fitzgerald.	
Jun 26 2006	What a great hotel!	This was a great hotel!! It was clean, had a great location, breakfast was included, friendly staff and very inviting rooms. What more could you ask for? I was a little concerned after I read a few of the reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived. There have been several comments about the size of the rooms, but I don’t think that this should really matter since you are not going to San Francisco to sit in your room. You are going there to see the sights! In fact if you leave the United States you will find that most hotel rooms are exactly the same size if not smaller. Overall, this hotel was terrific and I would recommend this hotel to anyone!!	
Jun 20 2006	Cute funky hotel great price	What a cute little place. We stayed one night with our three kids, had two rooms and a great time. Realize this hotel is remodeled, but OLD. Built in the early 1900s, when a hotel room did not entail 800 square feet. If you know that going in you are far less likely to be disappointed by the room size when you arrive.We pulled up on Friday evening around 6 p.m. There is no bell staff, so be ready to carry your own bags. The desk person greeted us by name, having remembered we would be arriving with three children. This personal service set the tone for our stay. We were quickly and efficiently checked in, given directions to the parking garage just down the block, and the kids were helped into the old elevator.The elevator is a kick. Small, like only two people at a time, with a gated door and regular door. I haven't seen one in yeasr and the kids loved it. If you don't like the elevator the stairs are conveniently located and not long at all. We had two rooms at the back of the third floor, a double/double for the kids and a queen deluxe for ourselves. My husband had negotiated a great rate for the two rooms when he called earlier in the week, so our entire stay for both rooms, incluidng room tax (14.5%) and energy surchage ($3) came out to less than $200. That's a great bargain in San Francisco.Rooms are equpped with a microwave, small fridge, television, and CD player/clock. Each is decorated differently, and all are cute. It's not the Hyatt, but it's not Motel 6, either.After some whirlwind shopping and a late dinner around the corner at Max's, we returned to the room. Desite what you might read, the neighborhood is not bad for the area. It's a block from the Theater district and just down from Union Square. Yes, you will encounter some street people, but this is a business district in a city. Simply be aware of your surroundings. We were quite comfortable returing to the hotel at 11 p.m.There is no AC, so you have to open the windows for air. There are numerous clubs in the area, so it can be a bit noisy. Once we shut the window we didn't hear anything.The beds are amazingly comfortable, and the rooms are uniquely decorated. A small platform in front of the window at the end of the hall is decorated with large throw pillows and serves as a great window seat to watch passersby.Breakfast was typical continental - coffee, juice, pastries, bagels. No fruit, but I bought few pieces at the little store two doors down. It was a more than adequate start for us, but if you need more there's a diner down the block with one of the best breakfasts on Union Square. We met some nice fellow travelors in the breakfast room and got a tip on a neat exhibit at the Metreon.Checkout was a breeze, with no surprises and good service. All in all it's a cute and funky, privately owned hotel with good prices and a neat old building. If you are more comfortable with standard hotel rooms, cooked to order breatkfasts and in-house parking, you might do better to try one of the chains, but it you want a memorable experience in a small-house hotel, give the Fitzgerald a try.	
Nov 8 2005	Excellent budget hotel	Just returned from spending four nights at this small hotel. As everyone says, the rooms are on the small side, but they are not tiny. Quite comfortable for one or two people. We had a room on the fifth floor, at the front of the hotel. Friends were in the same room on the fourth floor. The decor of the rooms was really imaginative and sort of funky. Our room had tomato soup colored walls, with a chandelier, dripping with fake crystals, in the center of the ceiling. Similarly gaudy table lamps, a very large heavy headboard, and dark, textured marble desk and dresser tops. Lots of other little quirky touches too. I jokingly referred to our room as &quot;The Bordello&quot;. Our friends room was painted a sort of deep, rich green. It had a lighted ceiling fan, a large rattan headboard, and a matching rattan armoire (with TV set inside). A mirror over the desk had jungle animals unobtrusively carved into the surrounding frame. In one corner, next to a lounging chair, was a very large artificial shrub. I referred to their room as &quot;The Jungle Room&quot;. Someone tried to make these rooms FUN, and I think they succeeded. As some other reviewer said, these are not sterile chain hotel rooms. Yes, the one elevator is tiny and old and has two heavy doors to open and close. No more than four people (without luggage) can fit snuggly inside. But, it always worked, and we never had to wait long for it, if at all. Our only complaint was that we liked to leave our windows open a bit at night and the street traffic could be terrible. Not the volume, but there were often a few noisy vehicles to wake you up during the night. Also, when the clubs and bars closed, there was always a loudmouth or two walking down the street yelling or singing or arguing with someone (maybe himself). I would definitely stay here again. Excellent location, convenient to theaters, transportation, and shopping (if that's your thing). P.S. It was clean, and the included modest continental breakfast was adequate.	
Sep 30 2005 	Tiny rooms indeed	I stayed here on business during a busy convention weekend when most hotels in the city were booked. The room was clean and the shower worked but the room was so small I could barely find a place to put my suitcase and still be able to open the door. There was no a/c. This would be a nice, funky place for college students or those on a serious budget, if you get a deal like some of the reviewers mentioned (I paid $200 a night through my company's travel agency!) but I wouldn't recommend it otherwise. The location is not bad during daylight hours, but it's not quite in union square and there's a liquor store next door. Again, probably worth it if you get a cheap room as a nice alternative to a hostel.	
Sep 19 2005	Great Value Great Hotel Great Experience!!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Fitzgerald and loved it!! We got a great deal on the room, $69 plus taxes for a Friday night, over Labor Day weekend. One tip, go to their hotel website, and use the name your own rate feature, and bid low! They will accept just about any reasonable price if they are not all booked up. We got our room for $100 less than the advertised price. The hotel is older, but well-kept, and very nicely decorated. The only thing I didn't like was the slow, TINY old fashioned elevator. But it IS an old building, so thats to be expected. The rooms are nicely decorated, but SMALL! The bathroom was clean, but had no ventilation, so the room became a sauna as soon as I turned on the shower. Our room was decorated with an asian-theme. And the location....amazing. Walking distance to Union Square, shopping, dining, and cable cars. Tip: Try Kuletos restaurant for a great dinner. We eat there each time we go to the City and it is fabulous! Great value for a boutique-style hotel located in the heart of Union Square!!	
Jun 13 2005	Great value	Stayed here for one night in December. My room was very small but very pleasant and a millions of time more interesting than a boring chain hotel room. It was a pleasure to stay somewhere with genuinely nice decor. The breakfast in the morning was great and the staff were very helpful. The location of the hotel is also great. I would definitely recommend this hotel and will stay here again the next time I am in the city. It was really excellent value for money.	
Jun 12 2005	Very bad experience	Worst hotel I ever stayed... even comparing to hotels in Russia which at least do not promise what they can't deliver.Tiny rooms with no ventilation at all. AC was not working and after me taking a shower room became a steam room because... guess what? No ventilation in restroom as well. Windows did not open. Response from front desk to my complain regarding AC not working: &quot;Well, it's possible&quot;. They did not even try to fix it.	
Jul 19 2004	Great value - don't expect the Hilton!	I stayed here in November, 2003 and it was a great value for the price I paid. Use the hotel's website and look for the &quot;Name your own rate&quot; promotion. For the price, you can't beat the location and the modest amenities. Don't expect the Hilton, but who wants to spend time in San Francisco at the hotel - hit the streets and see the sights!I'm planning to stay here again on my next trip!	
Jun 9 2004	Mixed Feelings	I had mixed feelings about this hotel: The rooms are pretty small (and the decor for our particularly room wasn't at all like the pictures), but the room/bathroom were clean. The walls are a bit thin, so you can hear your &quot;neighbors,&quot; and the plumbing is loud, but the location is in the center of the city and the price was good. I suggest that if you stay here and you have the opportunity to bid on your room, bid LOW, and insist on a room on a higher floor (hopefully you'll get one that doesn't have loud plumbing or thin walls). Overall, I'd probably stay here again, but I'd follow my own advice next time.	
Mar 26 2004	Get me outta here!!	The smallest room ever, there was a foot and a half on either side of the bed to the wall! Ive stayed at some dumps before but this one was the worst. Looks OK in the lobby but the room was dirty, walls thin, behind the night table was more crud dust and unkown objects than Ive seen in my back alley. the bathroom was straight out of 1930 and didnt look like it had been cleaned since then. Staff couldnt care less if I was there or not. location is right on the edge of where it starts to get dicey. Id rather sleep in the alley.	
Mar 1 2004	Great Hotel for the Money	We stayed at the Fitzgeral in October and had a marvelous time. Yes, the rooms are incredibly tiny, but who wants to spend the weekend in Sna Francisco in a hotel room, anyhow? Our room was immaculately clean with a boutique design like those seen on the website.Hotel staff were very helpful, directing us around town and asking our noisy neighbors to keep quiet one evening.A tip: If this is your first stay at the Fitzgerald, review their website for the &quot;name your own price&quot; section. As first-time guests, we paid about $60 each for two nights! Great value. Also, ask for a room on a higher floor.	
Feb 29 2004	Superb location and comfort marred only by painful start	We booked a double deluxe room thru the hotel website for 14-18 Feb 04. We got a great deal thru their &quot;name your price&quot; functionality - only $50 per room per night.We arrived on 14 feb morning, &amp; as the check-in time was only @ 3pm, we decided to leave our luggage at hotel and go sight-seeing. We informed the front desk that we would check-in later that night &amp; she confirmed that this wld be ok. At 3pm, we called the hotel again to remind them that we wld be checking-in late, and was reassured that our room wld be kept for us.We were delighted by the hotel's central, busy &amp; safe location. The hotel decor was feminine, bright, clean &amp; comfy - just like in the website. However, when we arrived at the hotel at 9.30pm, we were told by a different lady @ the front desk that the hotel mgr had messed up another party's reservation &amp; decided to give our room to them!! Since the hotel was fully-booked that night, they would get a room for us at nearby hotel. They even told us that it was &quot;normal&quot; to be overbooked and did not apologise.We were tired and not happy with the prospect of having to drag our huge suitcases to another hotel so late at night, but had to concede.The other hotel, Dakota, was 2 doors away. The elevator was ancient, creaky and very small, &amp; we had a tough time moving our luggage in &amp; out. Room #606 did not hv a shower &amp; the bathtub had urine stains. The bathroom door cld not be shut. The tv turned on &amp; off by itself, &amp; even changed channels by itself, &amp; sometimes cld not be controlled by the remote control. The lights in the room also turned on by itself. No breakfast is served in the morning but u can make ur own coffee in the lobby.We brought our luggage back to the Fitzgerald the next morning, and the lady @ the front desk (same as the previous morning's) was shocked to hear that we were bumped into another hotel and very sympathetic. We were invited to breakfast in their cosy parlour (with a fireplace) and she even helped us make bookings for local tours and our airport shuttle - she was v helpful in giving us opinions on which were good and which shd b avoided.We managed to check-in safely later that night. The room looked smaller than in the website but was still fine with us. The decor was exactly the same as in the photos. V cosy with lots of huge cushions, heavy drapes and ornate mirrors. We were thankful for the shower. The room was cleaned everyday &amp; we were also provided with fresh towels everyday.Breakfast was buffet-style &amp; pretty ok - bagels, half danishes (which were too sweet), muffins, banana cake, fresh OJ (which was to sour), coffee and tea. It was not Starbucks but it suited us perfectly fine.Overall, this is a good hotel to stay in if you're ever in SF. The location is very central, and the atmosphere in the hotel is lovely. With the exception of the bad start, I personally think that we got an excellent deal.	
Dec 9 2003	Don't believe the pictures	We booked a room at the &quot;sister&quot; Hotel Nob Hill and was told we and others had to be moved to another hotel because of &quot;problems&quot;. A couple warned us to view the hotel first before we paid. We drove to the Fitzgerald in the pouring rain to walk into the smallest room I have ever been in. Completely unfurnished, nothing at all like the pictures on their website. What a joke! I would never stay here or tell anyone else to stay here. Ended up at Fishermans Wharf and was very happy there.	
Nov 26 2003	tiny staff was rude	I came to stay with my mother and baby, had warned them that we'd be three people with baby luggage, and was put in a postage stamp sized room. My mother literally had to sleep with her suitcase on her bed with her! The hotel staff was rude when we wanted to switch rooms, eventually we had to change hotels, and then were charged a $50 fee for leaving early. I'm currently trying to get a refund for that extra charge. I think this hotel had the potential to be a cute place, but with their refusal to accommodate us I wouldn't recommend it.	
Aug 19 2003	Great value!!	I agree with many of the others, this hotel is excellent value! We stayed there in late June 2003. Yes, the rooms are small, but they are tidy and nicely furnitured. The best part is the closness to Union Square. We did not have a very nice view because we had the window to a small inside &quot;space&quot;. If I put out my head and looked up I could see the sky... But everything is forgiven because the staff was nice and there was breakfast (only pastries, but anyway) and the price was right!! /Katja	
Jul 14 2003	Don't bother with the breakfast ...	The 'designer' decor much vaunted in the hotel's description of itself was conspicuous by its absence, well in my minuscule room at least. If the public areas have enjoyed some restoration treatment then it certainly wasn't obvious. Mini fridge, microwave, iron and ironing board? Not in my room! Other guests checking in whilst I was in reception were offered a room rate of $20/night less than I was paying. Hotel would not countenance a discount on my bill. Staff not particularly helpful. Breakfast is well worth missing and 'buffet' seems to imply rather more of a choice than there actually was. Danish pastries (cut in half) and muffins looked tired, and the breakfast room was singularly uninviting, being lit only by light from the serving area and with chairs still stacked up on tables. I wouldn't recommend anyone to stay here under any circumstances	
Jul 10 2003	Wonderful Stay at the Fitzgerald--Excellent Value	We had a wonderful time staying at the Fitzgerald Hotel, San Francisco. The location is ideal, just 2 blocks from the famous cable car stop. We were given a decent size bedroom for 4, very comfortable beds. The room is clean and the hotel itself is lovely and safe. Though some people may find the room small, there is not much room to complain given the prize we paid--average of $70 a night for 2 double beds, including breakfast! Front desk staff are really helpful and willing to help with any questions or problems.Just one warning for those with much luggage: there is no bell boy to help carrying your luggage up to the room. We'll definitely stay at this hotel if we have a chance to go to SF again in the future!Fawn Rakkun, Boston, MA	
Jun 4 2003	Good value for money	This hotel was excellent value for money situated just 5 mins walk from Union Square. It is basic and the rooms are tiny but the bed is very comfortable. Word of warning about the breakfast, you get muffins &amp; pastries every day which gets tiring very quickly! Caroline.	
Oct 31 2009 	Excelente ubicación y buena relación calidad-precio		
Oct 15 2009 	??????????		
