Nov 17 2009 	Value for money	This was a good hotel, fairly central location. A large room which had a fridge and microwave in it which was very handy. The breakfast was sufficient with plenty of choice. The bed was clean and comfortable. The staff were extrememly helpful and I would recommnd this hotel.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great value hotel in San Francisco	We had a great stay here. Staff were really friendly from the moment we arrived and had to park illegally out the front to check in. They reassured us that was okay and gave us details of the nearby valet parking lot they refer to.Our room was spacious, clean and well appointed. The WIFI was really slow, but there are shared computers available with faster internet if necessary. Location was great - safe to walk around at night and plenty of restaurants nearby. More than enough tasty food available at continental breakast each day.If we ever find ourselves in San Francisco again we'll definitely return to the Mayflower.	
Oct 25 2009 	Excellent value with fantastic service	The Mayflower Hotel was an excellent choice. We arrived at the Maflower after a long flight from Sydney Australia. We were greated by the hotel reception staff who went out of their way to ensure all our needs were met. The family room we had booked was very clean and very comfortable including the beds.Nancy the owner went out of her way to assist us purchase some family tickets to see the San Francisco 49ers. We could not purchase these tickets in Australia and Nancy helped us out and even followed up after the game to see whether we had a good time. The Mayflower met all our needs in every way, a great location, excellent hotel staff and a very comfortable room. I would highly recommend this hotel if you are on a budget and after clean and safe place in San Francisco.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good Value Hotel nothing fancy	Hotel Mayflower is a great choice if you are traveling on a budget and want to be close to the center of San Francisco. There is not much going on on the street itself, but it is a short walk to Nob Hill, Chinatown, Union Square and all of the public transportation. Booking the hotel was very easy, as was check in, etc - and the price really couldn't be beat - especially in San Francisco where there are so many expensive hotels. I saw two rooms - both were very spacious, clean, but a little run down (which is fine for me) - the only complaint I have is that the hotel smelled a bit musty, or overly like cleaning products, but I opened my window and it was fine. I also wanted to change rooms when I got there and the manager was very accommodating and moved other people around so I would feel comfortable.A big plus of this hotel is the continental breakfast which is included. It has the usual - toast, coffee, tea - but also everyday there was some fresh home-made baked goods that were delicious - coffee cake, pecan cake, lemon poppy-seed bread, cookies, muffins. That was a lovely touch.Also, Free Wifi!This is really a great choice, just don't expect anything too fancy.	
Oct 7 2009 	My place to stay in San Francisco	Very good price for San Francisco. The staff of the hotel is very nice and always happy to help you with anything: they suggest good restaurant and give advice for things to see/visit. You have a good breakfast with toast, muffin, coffee, juice, fruits etc. and a free access to Internet and computers. Rooms are clean and comfortable.	
Sep 28 2009 	Good... for the price	There was nothing very outstanding about our room, which looked like it was last redecorated in about 1970, or indedd about the broadband internet which (though free) was very patchy. But for $100 a night, in the centre of SFO, you can't very well complain.	
Sep 28 2009 	This is the Hotel in S.F	This trip was to see a family member at SF Medical Center and a little sightseeing. We parked our car in the garage, and headed to our room. We loved the old style elevators. Our room was clean, comfortable and had everthing to make your stay complete. The view was great and the room was beautiful. The market next door has everything we needed. We walked to Union Square and had dinner. The next morning we went and had a lovely lite breakfast downstairs and walked to China town. Where the hotel is located made it easy to walk to all of the places we wanted to go, and we felt very safe in the surrounding area. Definitely worth the location and highly recommended!	
Sep 16 2009 	We were surprised and thrilled - best value for SF	Our daughter is a student at AAU &amp; we had to help find her an apartment. We checked many hotels &amp; rates before choosing the Mayflower, mostly for price, the highest recommend rate &amp; central location. We arrived early morning &amp; they gave us a room anyway, stayed 2 days &amp; extended over the weekend, then another day while waiting for the rent application. It was absolutely wonderful; family owned, great (and helpful) staff, ample parking (but VERY narrow access), a small free breakfast every day got us on our way, spacious and comfortable rooms and beds, a small kitchen area and a clean bathroom!, etc. made this the best value for the price. They even change towels &amp; sheets every day. Our only minor problem was a squeaky ceiling fan (even forgot to tell them at checkout). There is a small store next door (convenient for groceries), and many pubs, pizza and other restaurants, sandwich shops, coffee houses, etc nearby, the bus stops around the corner, cable car a few blocks over, very close to everything. This was a diamond-in-the-rough, a blessing to come back to after walking all over SF looking for apartments every day!! We can't understand how they would ever get a bad review, but we definitely recommend and look forward to staying there again.p.s. I happened to call their number direct to ask about the parking and got THEIR rate which was less! (i.e. don't book them online and save your money)	
Sep 2 2009 	Excellent customer service and good location	Family of 5 from The Netherlands;We stayed 2 nights in The Mayflower Hotel with an excellent breakfast, serving everything you need before exploring San Francisco. The building is old but still in good condition and has its own charm. The rooms are clean and reasonable sized. The traffic noise is very limited in the rooms. When checking in we already found out the staff was very helpful with a basic city-map to find the way outside, to assist with bus-lines and stopping times and much more. This is a place to feel relaxed while nearby attractive places in the city. We wished to stay longer to see more of this interesting city. We recommend this place to other visitors!	
Sep 1 2009 	Bang for your buck	Not the most fancy hotel but very quaint! It has an older feel but I would not call it outdated. Breakfast was good and location was great. Don't spend extra for a &quot;city view&quot;, there was not much of one.	
Aug 31 2009 	older style but very nice	When you first walk in you can see the character of the hotel. The front desk lady was very friendly and let us check in early around 7ish. The elevators are the old style with folding cage and hinged doors... very small space. The room is not up to date but clean. There is a microwave, sink, fridge, plates, coffee mugs, and utensils, and a large walk in closet. The breakfast was simple, self serve, and free... coffee, hot chocolate, toast, muffins, oatmeal, peanut butter jelly. 7-10am i think.We walked to union square everyday which was about 3 to 4 blocks... and hilly. From there you can catch most transport. Or there are many bus lines that go near the hotel. The area seemed safe... we walked a lot and never had any trouble. They say not to go into tenderloin which is nearby.If you dont like car noise then ask for the other side. We stayed on the street side and could hear cars but not so much that i minded.	
Aug 24 2009 	It's so nice!!!	A good place!!! Clean, confortable e really near Powell Street	
Aug 21 2009 	Star Hotel	I am recently back from a month of solo-travelling in California.The Mayflower Hotel was my favourite accommodation that I used during this visit.As I was using public transport, location was an essential factor when choosing accommodation. Mayflower is a 15-minute (slightly uphill) walk from the Greyhound bus station. It is only a 5-minute walk from the Powell Street cable car.The hotel staff were very friendly throughout and helped me solve two problems. Firstly, my mobile charger (from the UK) was faulty, but I was quickkly supplied with an American one that had been left behind by another guest. Secondly, I was finding it difficult to upload photos on one of the three available computers. A computer technician was soon called and a solution found! Such help and support made me feel very welccome, so much so that I booked a further night.The hotel is kept in good condition. Breakfast is basic but better than you will find in other places. Overall, this hotel is a gem and well worth booking.	
Aug 18 2009 	Pleasant surprise	Stayed for almost a week with partner in this downtown hotel while doing research, attending a conference, and doing some sightseeing. Cost and location were big influences in making the reservation. We expected something &quot;decent,&quot; but for the most part it was a pleasant surprise.The staff were incredibly helpful at check-in and throughout the stay, giving tips about the surrounding area including where to park for cheap (the hotel does have some limited parking of its own but there is a fee). Our hotel room was on the top floor, facing the next-door residential building so not exactly a room with a view (unless you're a voyeur) but the windows were screened and a nice breeze came through with them open. There was some noise from people living in the other building (and perhaps other hotel rooms with open windows) but not disturbingly loud - we had no problems sleeping.The building/rooms are old but partially remodeled - nice carpet and tile, LOTS of closet space, spacious bathroom, kitchenette area with microwave and minifridge. Quaint murals throughout the hotel, including in the rooms (rooms are named based on landmarks in the city, with a matching mural in the room). We had a &quot;deluxe queen&quot; room which was quite spacious with a small seating area, desk, and TV armoire. The rooms are not AC climate controlled (not unusual in SF) but with the fan and open windows we were quite comfortable (and there was a warm spell while there).Neither of us were impressed with the continental breakfast - mostly carbs and nothing mouthwatering.We had problems with the wireless internet not being available the first morning but after speaking with the front desk it was fixed and no further problems during the trip.The hotel is convenient to most of the downtown area and many public transportation options. It is a bit of a hike to the fisherman's wharf area but we did walk it one day and it was pleasant (though we rode back on the trolley). The front desk did point out to us when we checked in that the tenderloin area is somewhat nearby and what areas to avoid - we had no problems.	
Aug 8 2009 	Cozy hotel with family spirit	The hotel is nicely situated dowh town SF. We stayed for 4 nights and from the beginning to end we felt the hotel family spirit. Especially the home made cake for breakfast had a special personal touch. No industrial hotel food here. Free access to 4 Internet pc's was a strong asset.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great hotel no negatives whatsoever	Great hotel really enjoyed our short stay there. We had the suite and it was very nice decorated and very clean. Staff were lovely and extremely helpful. Would recommend it to anyone. Very central and very handy for shopping. There's a small grocery store right next door to the hotel and all the bigger shops are within walking distance.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great experience overall and great value recommended	Overall, we very much enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The price is fantastic, and great value. The room was big, and the bathroom fine. One small thing was that the 'top' ornamental pillow cases had obviously been used by a previous guest and not cleaned, because there were hairs on them. But no biggie. It's great to have a free breakfast, which is very unusual in the US, but view it more as something to get the day started rather than a big feed. There are computers with internet that are free to use, which is very useful, but be aware that the computers are not virus protected, and I nearly feel victim to an ebay/paypal virus- so I would advise you not to use the computers to enter any sensitive information. But overall, great hotel, great location and very friendly owner. Recommended.	
Jul 9 2009 	Still the best kept secret in San Francisco	Stayed at the Mayflower two years ago travelling back to Asutralia from Canada.So it was a 'no brainer' to stay there again this year, with my wife and daughter.Great staff - great location - great value.Do yourself a favour - when in San Francisco, stay at the Mayflower.	
Jun 26 2009 	Great Hotel -- Parking is Mr. Toad's Wild Ride	The Mayflower is a throwback to a time most of us don't remember; when a hotel was a nice place to stay, not part of the 'HOSPITALITY INDUSTRY.&quot; It's a wonderful, quaint old hotel that's very clean and in excellent repair, with friendly people who are more than willing to accommodate. I stayed here while touring colleges with my 17-year-old daughter and she loved it. There's a little market next door if you need to pick up some snacks or refreshments. Location is great -- we walked to Fisherman's Wharf (through Chinatown) and back, but it's a whopper of a hill and I don't recommend it unless you're out of shape. The garage is right out of an &quot;Untouchables&quot; episode...I dare you to pull in there in anything larger than a rental &quot;compact&quot; car. I was suspicious of the 1920s plumbing, but when I fired a pipe-jammer down the hatch, it disappeared no-questions-asked. Enjoy a great breakfast at Sears just a few blocks away. Stay at the Mayflower, you'll love it.	
May 16 2009 	Great location character and very clean	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this hotel. It was clean, comfortable and very close to all the action. It was also v handy to have free internet located on a very nice balcony above reception. It was an old hotel but i didn't mind. The only true gripe i had with the hotel was the manner of one of the receptionists which was 'cool' and fairly non-communicative but i was probably a bit grumpy myself having travelled for the last 24 hours previous!	
May 2 2009 	Friendly and helpful staff and wonderful ambience	The hotel is old but has been preserved well and retains much of its original character. It is not one of those large hotels that make you feel like just another faceless guest and it is built in such way that there is a more homely, personable aspect.The hotel is nowhere near the Tenderloin so you don't have to worry about panhandlers harassing your family for change. It's located near Chinatown and we enjoyed the walk there. I can't comment on public transport because we drove to the other locations but if you drive a compact car with side mirrors that can be folded in, you can park in their garage for free. If you have a bigger vehicle, you have to park it at a nearby garage for a fee. I did a thorough search on tripadvisor for hotels as we were travelling with a 10 month old and I needed a microwave and a refrigerator and this was only one of two hotels in downtown San Francisco listed on tripadvisor that provided both. They also provide plates and utensils and cups.An earlier review commented on the bathroom tiles but I didn't notice anything wrong with their bathrooms. Because the room and bathroom are very, very clean, I was fine with letting my baby crawl all over the carpet and bathing her in the bath tub. We requested for a room on the quiet side and it was really quiet.The service was also impeccable. I had informed them earlier about needing a crib and Esther had both a pack and play and a toddler bed ready for me to choose from. The next morning, when we entered the dining hall for breakfast, the high chair (a very nice one!) was already there ready for us to use. What I like most about this hotel is that the staff clearly take pride in what they do and pay attention to details to the extent of providing sweets at the front desk for their guests which is just what you need after a long day of sightseeing.	
Apr 19 2009 	different types of bathrooms	o.k. folks, after all those enthusiastic reviews on this place i was very surprised when i arrived, because the room was average but the bath was very sleezy. old, old, old, lots of broken tiles etc. when i rechecked tripadvisor after my return i found these pictures of a very nice bathroom there, but that was not like the one i had. so beware that some rooms are renovated and others are not at all. location was very good though, breakfast o.k. but don´t expect a place with an atmosphere like the picture of lobby on their homepage pretends to be!! well yeahh roomservice didn´t show up after the first nite.	
Apr 18 2009	Real Gem!	I stayed at Hotel Mayflower from 1-3 April with my 17 yr old daughter. One of the oldest hotels in SF, the hotel has real character and a truly magnificent lobby as you enter. If you want 4-5 star this may not be the place for you, but if, like me, you prefer hotels with some &quot;local&quot; character and none of the anonymity of the big chains, this is the place for you. Fantastically friendly and helpful staff who are more than willing to help out with maps, hairdryers, cork screws, etc. etc. at no extra charge. Free Internet on the gallery overlooking the fabulous lobby also a nice touch. Rooms and bathroom facilities obviously old, but well renovated and clean and, once again, full of character and hugely comfortable beds. :o) In keeping with a tip on Tripadvisor, I asked for a room at the back and it was wonderfully quiet and peaceful. Rooms include small kitchenette with fridge and microwave.Breakfast is included (rare in US !) - very basic but everything you need, particularly yummy home-baked cookies and cake :o).I took taxi from airport and after getting stuck in traffic paid $60 for the luxury. Had I realised how close the BART was (4 relatively close by) I could have saved a fortune. And if you have a load of luggage, you can still grab a cab from the BART station for a couple of dollars.4-5 minutes walk to Union square and the famous cable car line, this place is in a great location. Had a great meal about 50 yards down the road on the other side of the road at &quot;Cafe Mozart&quot; where they do a nice &quot;light supper&quot;. Supermarket super convenient directly next door with ATM. I can't recommend this place enough - GREAT value for money, GREAT location and GREAT staff. Will definitely be my port of call if I find myself in SF again.	
Apr 7 2009	Stay here	My 90 yr old mother were visiting San Francisco to see the play &quot;Wicked&quot; at the Orphium theatre. We spent the night at the Hotel Mayflower. We chose this Hotel based on location and Trip advisor reviews. We couldn't have made a better choice. The location was central and not scarey after dark. The room was spacious including a sink, counter, microwave, and mini fridge. There was a table with two chairs. The bathroom had a full bathtub. The beds were firm, the bedding and pillows were comfortable. Our room (517) was quiet, hardly any street noise. The staff was polite and helpful. A local restaurant &quot;Uncle Vinney's&quot; will deliver food to your room. There was a nice dining room breakfast area. The breakfast was included and offered bakery type pastries, toasted breads, cheese, fruit, tea, coffee, milk and juice. There is a nice grocery store/deli right next door. We found it easy to hail a taxi, or the desk will call one for you. It was historic, and beautiful. Built in 1929 it was clean and in good shape. Definately stay here.	
Mar 31 2009 	A great value hotel in a beautiful city	We stayed at the Mayflower for 5 nights in March and had a wonderful time. The location is perfect only a 10 minute walk from the heart of things. The room was large, roomy and clean. Our room was located on the 5th floor so little traffic noise was heard. Staff friendly, polite and very helpful. I loved San Francisco and loved my time at the Mayflower and would love to return and stay there again.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great little gem	We stayed here for four nights in January 2009. This place is great and I would recommend it to others. The staff are really helpful, breakfast good, rooms nice (a little older) and the big bonus, free internet. There's a great little deli next door if you need a few supplies or some nice sandwiches made up, also 2 coin laundries really close. There's also a nice little Italian place down the road a little for tea. If you're after somewhere that's central and well priced then this is your place.	
Feb 4 2009 	Excellent value	Arrived in San Francisco after a long but pleasant drive through Yosemite National Park. I was there in August and the 1st thing I noticed was the drop in temperature. On the Weds I had driven through Death Valley and it was 54C. I got into SF and it was 16C. Anyway. Check in was very quick and efficient and they even remembered that I was 'the Englishman that had asked for a quiet room'. The lifts are right next to reception and you are straight up to your room. The rooms were dated in comparison to some that I had stayed in during my road trip from New York to San Francisco but they were clean, big and comfy. There is a small kitchenette in each room but I didnt use it but I'm sure it would be handy for some travellers.The staff fall over themselves to help you and they have A4 printed maps of SF that show all the transport system and they help you with where you need to get on and off. If you are there for a few days then ask them where you get a multi day transport pass.. I was there from Thurs tea time until Sun morning so I just walked everywhere.I had tickets for the ball game at AT&amp;T Park on the Friday and decided to walk it. Hmmmmm...there are some 'interesting' areas with a 5 min walk in the wrong direction but I'm a big chap so wasntt bothered. All towns have rough areas. The area around teh hotel though is fine and no trouble at all. You are a 5 or 10 min walk to Union Square and from there you are into Chinatown. Ask ayt the reception to mark on the map Gant street as there is the oldest bar in SF called the Saloon and Friday and Saturday nigts it is rammed out as they have live blues groups on and the place is tiny !There is a car park at the hotel butr if your car is bigger than a cigarette packet it wont fit. There is a car park within a 2 min walk that charges by the hour or day but I only had to park overnight as I was handing my car back the following morning.Breakfast was fine. Just what you needed. A large room with lots of coffee, juices, cakes etc etc.Would I stay there again...definitely.When you are leaving ask them the night before to book you on the picjk up shuttle for the airport. It was about $10 and I was the only one on it !Great hotel in a great town	
Dec 2 2008 	Classic rooms with a friendly staff great breakfast	I had a stay for several weeks at the Mayflower. Cost and location were my deciding factors. My first room was overlooking Bush street. LOTS of sun, light, people watching - I loved it. I was not dissapointed and was pleasantly surprised with the easy feel of the place.Regarding the bathrooms (and kitchens) - they are old but the owners seem to be retaining a lot of the original feel of the original features. There are original porcelain floor and wall tiles and design details in many instances from many many years ago. When they have had to cut into a wall to modernize, I noticed someone paid a lot of attention to carefully matching modern tiles and grout such that the average person may not notice. In my opinion, this kind of bathroom is more interesting than what you would find in any modern hotel. I like to see the patina of wear and appreciate the fine craftsmanship that set all those little porcelain tiles so many years ago. Cleanliness was not an issue.I found the rooms very clean and of good size. The street side room became quite an issue by the third day as at night the street noise started to bug me. (they have to retain the old originial windows on the facade) On the third night I requested a quieter room which they showed me to in the back of the hotel. It was great - until they started remodeling the room next door. No matter - they offered to change my room again but I declined as I was out in the city during most the day. Otherwise this room near the back was very quiet at night. Someone made homemade goodies for breakfast too. In addition the the regular cereal, bread and such, cookies appeared some days and breakfast cakes on others. Gotta try the cinnimon bread toast with butter - yum. The clientele in the morning was a nice mix of Americans, some foreign travellers, and some retired folks. There was a small kitchen with mirowave &amp; refrigerator in my room. It had minimal items to make lunch and a simple supper. There is a great market right downstairs and to the left with groceries and some prepared items. A medditerranean flair to the food and they stocked Champagne too!	
Nov 20 2008 	Great Weekend	My spouse and I stayed at The Mayflower last weekend on the recommendation of a friend. Check in was a breeze. When we got to our 6th floor room, which was on the sunny side of the building, it was quite warm. We called the desk to see what could be done. No problem...the manager (who is also the owner's daughter) met us on the 6th floor, and escorted us to a much more comfortable room on the opposite side of the building. Personal service like this is quite rare these days. The rest of the weekend was comparable, with consistently above expectations service. Our room was spotless, comfortable and quiet. We would recommend The Mayflower to all travelers.	
Nov 11 2008 	Hotel Mayflower: felt comfortable good service very clean lovely history	I stayed at Hotel Mayflower for 3 nights starting October 23, 2008 and found the reviews in Traveladvisor helpful in gauging my expectations. I was very happy with this hotel.  After reading the reviews, my expectation was that the Hotel Mayflower would be an older hotel with the feel of a bed and breakfast. As I entered, I was impressed with the comfortable, friendly and personable assistance and greetings provide as I checked in and throughout my stay. Hester (front desk) is amazing but all the managers made every effort to be as helpful as possible. The room I stayed in, their 'standard', was roomy and felt extremely clean at an unbelievable price for a mid-city hotel. I had a friend visit me during my stay who went so far as to check for dust on top of some of the pipes visible in the hallway-no dust-we were impressed. Hotel Mayflower opened in 1929, but it wears it age well. The bed and pillows were very comfortable and the towels clean and more plush than expected even with the raves from tripadvisor reviews. The kitchenette area, also clean and usefully appointed included provided cutlery, plates mugs, and glasses. The tub in my bathroom was deep, and all was extremely clean to the eye and touch. The walk in closet was immense; about 6 feet deep and 4 feet wide-smelling slightly musty but not prohibitively. I was surprised.  I loved the features in the room that spoke to the hotel's early days, the old no longer used gaslight features on the wall, the parquet floor in the bathroom, and the arched entry from the bedroom towards the door and bathroom. The sense of a well loved and cared for hotel also is evident in the decor of the lobby and the ceiling of the lobby. Check out the elevator, which is older-style lift, I especially liked how quiet it was, no blaring beeps.Other reviews made comments about things like grout on the tub that had some minor cracking--yes, I saw it too but I have seen less than perfect grout in many of the more modern hotels I have stayed in (Hyatts included) with that problem.  The continental breakfast was satisfying. I was able to make toast with a variety of toppings, and either cheese or hard boiled eggs were available for those who want more protein. The coffee was hearty and the orange juice was good (definitely not from concentrate). I especially liked that there was a baked extra, like oatmeal raisin cookies, or muffins. The food is laid out in a room furnished with simpler tables and chairs but there was a plasma television and again, the place felt friendly. The neighborhood was quiet and absolutely no problem, about two blocks from the bustle of Union Square and very close to many forms of public transportation. The room was quiet, I had my windows and fan whirring constantly because I was there during the warmer fall weather and found the arrangement comfortable. The need to open windows might be a concern for those folks who have small energetic children and they should ask questions about window height if you stay during warm weather. Just as a note to those inclined to be surprised by no air conditioning: the lack of air conditioning is common for older hotels in SF. You want air conditioning at these prices, go to a Travellodge, or pay more and go to the more modern and expensive hotels. You lose something though; it is older hotels that give a visitor a sense of place and history. I like that. If I had a laptop the internet access would have been free. I was able to use computers availible to guests. I did not use a car during my stay so I cannot speak to the parking that the Mayflower provides. I wish I had pics of the murals on every floor of the staircase or the elevator. The ones attached a few views of the room, the lobby, and the guest sitting area.I felt completely at home during my stay there and would happily return.	
Nov 7 2008 	Better than expected stay	We arrived before noon and they were able to check us in early as the rooms were ready. (I need to add that the check-out time is 1pm,not the usual 11am) The location, supermarket and spacious room (with microwave and fridge) was a good bargain. We had no trouble with the area's security and felt safe in the neighbourhood at night.Breakfast was good. We were not expecting much from &quot;free continental breakfast&quot; - maybe some juice, toasted bread/bagels and coffee, but the spread was a nice surprise, with cakes, cereals, etc.The hotel comes with a caged lift and it gives us a quaint, homely feel to this hotel. This is a family-run hotel and they have certainly made my stay homely!	
Oct 22 2008 	Great stay great staff great location!!	Upon arrival, check in was quick and easy and we had no problem getting our stuff in th lift and finding our room. The room was spacious with a good sized and comfortable bed, a small kitchenette and a small but spotless and functional bathroom. The kitchenette had dishes, cutlery, glases, a sink, a microwave and a small fridge. This addition to the room was greatly welcomed as it meant that we could buy supplies and eat in the room instead of eating out all the time. We couldn't have been happier. Reception staff couldn't help enough and were happy to answer all manner of questions and reccomend attractions and routes to them.Breakfast is served downstairs at no extra charge and although it is limited, it is more than enough to set you up for a day. There was tea and coffee, fruit, porridge, toast, cheeses, juice and sponge cakes when we were there and we really did enjoy it every morning!The hotel has a grocery store just next door that is open til about midnight. This proved very handy for buying bits and pieces and the occasional late night bottle of wine! It is located in the Nob Hill area and is extremely well connected to the rest of the city. Walking distance to most places, we walked a lot and it was a great way to see parts of the city you would otherwise miss if you were on the bus. (An A4 street map is available from reception and it served us very well on our whole trip) There is also loads of bus stops nearby, most of which have route maps and timetables posted inside them. The hotel is a 2 minute walk from a cable car stop (Hyde Line) that will take you directly to Fisherman's Wharf via a few other landmarks. The cable car is not a fast or efficient method of trasport but it is good fun and worth a try at least once! The hotel is also a 5 - 7 minute walk from Union Square and all the shops which is handy but not great for the credit card :)I was worried about the area that the hotel was in because of its close proximity to The Tenderloin (About 10 minute walk) but we really liked the area and never ever felt unsafe, even at night and we had no issues with walking back late at night. The lady at reception gave us a map and kindly marked a cross on the Tenderloin area and advised us not to go there at night, we appreciated this extra thought very much!!We left San Francisco to visit Las Vegas and Santa Cruz and had planned on booking different hotels on each return but we liked the Mayflower so much that we re-booked each time. Re-booking was no problem and on the third room change we had two double beds at no extra cost. All of the rooms were comfy and spotless! I would not hesitate in reccomending tis hotel to anyone and if I am every lucky enough to visit San Francisco again, I will definitely stay here!!	
Oct 21 2008 	Great location and great hotel	The Hotel Mayflower is perfectly situated in an area of San Francisco that is close to many of the best tourist attractions--Union Square, Moscone Center, Nob Hill, Fishermans Wharf, Chinatown, and Japantown. We actually walked to all these places, and the walks were both invigorating and surprisingly short. Take the Hyde Street cable car back from Fishermans Wharf to the hotel. It drops you off only two blocks away at Powell &amp; Bush.Service at the hotel was excellent. The owners are very friendly and accommodating. The room was certainly big enough and had THREE large closets. Yes, the rooms smell a bit musty, but there's no mold. And the inner rooms shelter you quite a bit from the street noise. As for the garage...the entrance is tight and getting into it should be done from a traffic lane, NOT from the parking area right in front of the hotel. Your car should be no bigger than a Toyota Matrix or Pontiac Vibe--otherwise it will scrape against the walls of the entrance. Once inside the garage, however, you have plenty of maneuvering room. And there are In &amp; Out privileges!	
Oct 16 2008 	nice room 	I've been there for 4 nights; I was on my own.The experience has been definetively positive. Nice and very large room &amp; bath;Clean;wi-fi + 4 PCs connected to the internet, to be used for free;breakfast is ok;the position is very convenient, as you have union square, chinatown and the cable car, all at a walking distance.-The neighborhoods are ok, even during night.The staff is friendly.Cons-The building shows its age in some things (old lift, windows). Avoid however the area of Tenderloin, at about 10 mins walking from the hotel (the area is between Market St and Larkin St to the south, Geary St and Larkin St to the northwest), as you will find there many beggers and many not-so-nice faces :-)	
Oct 16 2008	a flower	an old renovated building.nice room, nice breakfast, nice price.good location.	
Oct 16 2008 	Good budget hotel choice	Staff were friendly and welcoming. The rooms I stayed in were were clean and very spacious. Would book a room there again for sure!	
Oct 13 2008 	Great atmosphere	Hotel Mayflower was a great choice for budget accom. right in downtown San Francisco. We stayed for 4 nights, the reception was really friendly and welcoming, the decor very original, a very good first impression.Our room was large and spacious, with kitchenette, and very clean. Breakfast in dining room was average, the owner went to some trouble to source some ingredients to deal with allergy.The hotel has been in the same family since it was built, and there is a real sense of pride. It is an old hotel, and hasn't had much renovation, but that only added to its charm.Would definately recommend this place.	
Sep 30 2008	UNBELIEVABLE towels	After reading some reviews of the Mayflower we decided to book ourselves in and save some money (we had originally contacted the Hol Inn Fishermans Wharf about staying there) - we ended up paying just over half the amount of the Hol Inn and glad in our hotel choice!The Mayflower is located just a few blocks from Union Square (5 minute walk) so is ideally situated to all the action. Rooms are superb, with a good sized main area, a small kitchen, and a nicely proportioned bathroom. We didnt really use the kitchen apart from the fridge to keep drinks cool, but if you were staying here and wanted to cook yourself, you would have no problems there!The free internet access is great and the free continental breakfast was a nice touch - sets you up for the dayThe thing that will live in my mind forever about this hotel though will be the towels! I have never smelt better towels! I (along with the other 3 members of our party) actually looked forward to having showers so we could get to use the fresh towels that had been laid out - we should have swiped some of the fabric conditioner and brought it home with us!I would have no hesitation in staying here again, as the location is good, the staff extremely friendly and helpful, and most importantly, the price is very very good value!	
Sep 26 2008 	Pleasant stay	Very pleasant stay in the Mayflower. Rooms were spacious and clean. Staff were friendly espeically Hester at reception. Very well located as is close to Union Square.	
Sep 16 2008 	A San Francisco Treasure	Hotel Mayflower is a San Francisco treasure. It is comfortable, affordable, clean, very conveniently located, and with outstanding customer service. I extended my stay from a couple of nights to a couple of months for business purposes, and loved the spacious room (brand-new mattresses), fully equipped kitchenette, spotless bathroom and professional and friendly staff. This historic hotel is perfect for both business (free internet access and separate study on first floor mezzanine) and pleasure, with Union Square shopping, theaters, restaurants and public transport within short walking distance. The complimentary breakfast is served in a beautiful airy dining room, where I felt equally welcome to read the newspaper alone or chat with the other guests. I would especially recommend the Mayflower to travellers from abroad (like myself) who wish to have convenient access to everything this city has to offer and to stay in a hotel that reflects the history of the city while providing the comforts of today. This is a family owned hotel, evident from the careful maintenance of the building (new wiring, plumbing, windows and fresh paint when I was there). It is also evident from the consideration they show their guests. They accommodated any request and did everything they could to make my stay there successful and pleasurable. I have visited the city repeatedly over the past twenty years, and this is by far my favourite place to stay.	
Sep 1 2008 	Quaint but familiar...	I spent one night at this hotel in Oct 2006 and when I was returning to SF last month called to make reservations.No single or standard rooms were available so I was only able to get a room with a queen size bed for about 125.00 plus taxes a night.I arrived at the hotel around 1:45pm although check-in was at 3:00pm. The check-in process was quick and easy and I was able to leave my bag in the luggage room while I went to get something to eat.When I returned a few hours later, the room was ready and I was pleased. The room was clean and bright, had a kitchenette with a fridge ( which I made use of ), a microwave, glasses, mugs , cereal bowls and cutlery. The bathroom, although old, was clean, with sweet -smelling towels and fresh toiletries.During my stay I partook of the continental breakfast which consisted of orange juice, tea and coffee,butter, peanut butter, apple sauce, apples, cake, and a choice of multi-grain bread or white bread. It was self-service so you could eat as much or as little as you wanted. The breakfast was filling and a great money saver.The location is within walking distance to shopping, restaurants,and the cable cars.There is also a coin laundry nearby and a food mart next door. There was internet access in the room I stayed in as well as 3 computers for guests use, in the upstairs lobby area.The staff is friendly and helpful without being intrusive. Overall I enjoyed staying in the Mayflower Hotel and would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Aug 19 2008 	Welcoming!	Excellent for Quality/price. On our arrival, the staff was very welcoming! I booked a standard room which had a private bathroom and a kitchen too! Everything was very clean! I was surprised when the staff told me that breakfast was included in the price! Breakfast was good too (continental breakfast). I will definitely recommend this place to my friends!	
Jul 26 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Price!	Great Staff too! At first I was afraid this would be close to the tenderloin district. It's Nowhere close to tenderloin... it's far far away. It's on a safe street. Has a grocery store and a couple of laundromats very close-by. Also close to many tourist attractions. Close to Union Square, Grace Cathedral, both cable car routes, the list goes on. Hotel is very well situated.I had a great 5 night stay. My room was spacious, with a walk-in closet, very clean, with a kitchenette. Free breakfast (I'm not going to complain about free food), free computers with internet and a printer.The only thing that wasn't great was that the phone in my room didn't work. But the staff were friendly and I got their help in what I needed to do. Plus with the internet, I didn't miss the phone.This is a clean, proper hotel but at a fraction of the cost. This is the ONLY place I will go to when I go back to San Francisco.	
Jul 13 2008	Good enough stay	I liked the hotel overall but thought it was a little scruffy around the edges. I've posted two pictures to illustrate this. It may be picky but it's good to show you the pictures they don't show you on the hotel site! The overall hotel wasn't terrible just a little old. Stay here by all means if you like to save money for other things as i do. I did like their lobby and there quirky old lift . The kitchen was good and the room had free wireless. But somebody should hire a new maintenance guy.	
Jul 10 2008 	carpark from hell	I didn't hate the Mayflower but there was definately room for improvement. The location is fine, close to Union Square. The price is reasonable but then again the property is very old and it's not sensational value for money, just ok. The staff were all very friendly. Check in was slow but the bill was correct after the car-park charge was added so all went well there. The lobby was homely but i never received any information about the surrounding area or that 'introductory talk' you usually get, however brief. Having returned home i now have come to realise that there was a free breakfast included. I was never told my room included this. Unlike in the British Isles the breakfast is very 'continental' in US hotels. All you get is a bun and a cup of tea so it would hardly have killed them to included the breakfast for us. I thought this was a bit stingy or if it was an oversight it was a very bad one.The room was a bit troublesome. We had a good sized walk in closet and a very useful kitchette which was basic but clean. The room was a good size especially as we only had one double bed in it. Oh yes the bed. Are you extremely skinny? Grand you should be ok fitting two people in it so! It was the tiniest 'queen' i ever did see. Maybe it came from the Victorian Days when everybody was teeny. Two average people would have trouble fitting in it. No real problem, just ask for twin beds or a King. The curtains were the usual rubbish. No problem for me with sunshine however , as I was down a laneway and had a view into somebody else window of another building across . I asked for the quiet side so thats why i got that room so i didn't mind. Free wireless was a good feature if you bring your laptop. Hotels in Vegas wanted to charge this as extra so fair play to the Mayflower, they have it completely free for unlimited time. In fact the cheaper the hotels the more generous they were with wireless.The hotel is old. Very old. The lift is old. The carpark is older. It cannot accommodate big american tanks. They ask you 'is your car big'. Unfortunately our hire car company gave us a big 4x4 that we managed to scratch on the walls of this carpark even though the guy working there tried to help direct us out. And were not talking wing mirrors, were talking the body of the car, thats how tight it is. The wing mirrors have to be folded in.The driver is experienced and had been driving the car for a week. Now seriously i cannot reccommmend anybody with a car book this hotel. It is RIDICULOUS. They need to come up with an alternative place to park the cars or else park it somewhere else yourself and dont avail of the hotel car-park. Its 20dollars? i think anyway. Thats my advice. You have been warned...	
Jun 17 2008 	great hotel lovely staff	stayed here for three nights in June with my boyfriend. Thought location was great..few minutes walk from Union Sq. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms were clean and modern.. had a huge walk in waldrobe-great to throw your luggage into and not have things everywhere! The room was similar to ant decent hotel room and had a microwave,fridge,cutlery,etc. Great for travellers who cannot afford to eat out constantly.. esp on the expensive West Coast. Good car parking rates availalbe..another rariity in SF. Would highly recommend staying here. Lovely Irish staff also! Hotel also very secure.	
Jun 9 2008	Great hotel in San Francisco	Brilliant hotel. Great location, close to Union Square. Free internet and free breakfast - couldn't ask for more. Rooms spacious and well fitted - everything you need. Everyone really helpful and always happy to help. A bargain!	
Jan 10 2008 	Very happy at the Mayflower	My husband and I stayed at the Mayflower for 5 nights, including New Years. We had a wonderful and wouldn't have picked another hotel. A little background: my husband and have lived in big cities including Atlanta, Chicago and San Francisco. My husband lived in the Russian Hill area of San Francisco for over 2 years just a few years ago.Now for the review: the hotel was very clean, including our room. When we checked in we were given a tour by the owner's (Nancy) husband. He showed all us all the different rooms, and gave us a choice of what room we wanted. It is a good idea to do this as all the rooms are bit different and you may find one you like more than another. For example, some rooms have newer refrigerators than others, different cabinetry, etc. They are in the (slow) process of remodeling the wet bar in each room and when they are all done they will look great! Currently, most of them are quite old, but still in good condition. We really enjoyed having a mini fridge and microwave in our room and was one of the many reasons we chose the Mayflower.We also picked a room on a higher floor, as the first and second floors are more open to street noise and are also colder. Since we went in the winter, we wanted to be warmer without using the heat (to avoid stuffiness). We kept the window open most of our stay and the noise was negligible. My husband sleeps with earplugs and is an extremely light sleeper and we both slept well. The bathroom fixtures are new, with old and neat bones still in place. The entire hotel is like this really, with the lovely features that old buildings have still in place, but modernized. We found the staff very helpful and friendly for the most part. Some of the night staff were kind of disinterested, but at that point we were heading to bed and really didn't care. The breakfast that some people raved about was just so-so in our opinion. It's great that they offer it, but we weren't impressed. It's a nice continental breakfast, don't expect more than that. We didn't, and weren't disappointed because of it. Previous reviewers were not kidding about the size of the garage. It is so narrow you have to see it to believe it. Our rental ford focus barely fit, and I mean by mere centimeters. We switched cars mid way through our stay and our Toyota Corolla was a better fit, but not by much. The garage has to be opened manually, and if you come and go frequently, it can be a bit annoying to stop and get out of the car, have someone open the garage and drive it down, but it's not that bad. Especially when you consider the price, the narrowness and slight inconvenience are all worth it.Our room's walk in closet had a funky odor, but I didn't find it obnoxious or offensive. I think it's just from being closed and not often used. Just sort of stale smelling. I hung my clothes in it and they didn't absorb any of the odor. The water pressure in our room was fine, we didn't find it weak at all. The linens were clean and very homey. The neighborhood is just fine. We came and went at all hours of the day and night and encountered no issues whatsoever. The hotel is near the area aslo known as the noberloin or tendernob, a blend of one of the sketchiest areas in SF and one of the ritziest. You turn one corner and you're in sketchville, you turn another and you're surrounded by high end restaurants and hotels. But the Mayflower is closer to the Nob than the Loin. The hotel is locked at night to make sure only guests enter. We walked to Union Square, and Nob Hill and I am in not such great shape, and it was not that bad. The previous poster who complained about the distance and hills - puhlease! If you like driving everywhere, go visit a suburb. We walked up two giant hills to get to Nob Hill and survived. It was fun. The area is good. And for the price, I would say the area is great. I think you would be hard pressed to find such a good deal any where else in the city.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great budget hotel	I spent five days at the Mayflower. It's really a great option for less than a hundred dollars. The location is great, near Union Square and the room mas very big. Tou have free internet and , if you need you can also have a parking (for US$20). The breakfast is ok. A very good choice, much better ( and cheaper) than the motels at Lombard street.	
Dec 3 2007 	Good If on a budget average for everything else.	Here is some background information before I jump on to the review. This past October, I traveled with a friend to San Francisco during the Canadian thanksgiving week-end and what coincided in San Francisco as Fleet week. The Blue Angels flew over the city a few times which was quite neat, although the public transit system downtown was overwhelmed, especially the cable car. Fact was, we learned that after booking our plane tickets and we were left hanging to find a decent hotel at a decent price. We're both university students in our early 20s and I'm pretty well traveled. Usually, I tend to select slightly plusher accomodation (thanks to a good job despite the student status), in the likes of Marriott, Hyatt, etc. Due to rates at 300$+ with limited availability, we booked the Mayflower for a night at 125$ for a &quot;Superior room&quot;, 45$ more than their standard room, but that would apparently afford us a room higher up and with a view. Given how many people mentionned noise problems, we decided to upgrade. Bottom line, I have a good connection and we were lucky to move to the W for the last two nights. I'll break down the review in two sections, positives and negatives.POSITIVE:-True to the reviews here, Nancy, the owner, is a very nice and helpful lady. A younger Spanish speaking woman working that night was also very nice. That can't be said for the rest of the staff we encountered. -Hallway carpets looked brand new and so did he hallways in general. I agree, everything must have been painted quite recently. Room carpets looked maybe a little older but were still very clean.-Old style elevators but remodeled.-Very nice lobby, front desk and charming breakfast room with a very good continental breakfast included in the room rate, comprising breads, cereals, fruits and coffee/tea/juice/milk and finally yoghurt. -Plumbing related bathroom fixtures obviosuly brand new and no hot water problems.-Free WiFi a big plus. -Kitchenette with fridge and microwave helpful for longer stays.-Plenty of toiletries, including soap, shampoo, lotion and mouthwash.NEGATIVE:-The man who checked us in was a little sketchy and caught off guard smoking outside as we were walking in to register. They do not take credit card information at the time of reservation but will require payment at check-in rather than check-out, even when paying by credit card which I found odd. I asked to see the room first. I recommend you do the same. -Some staff members were rude, including the first gentleman who made the reservation for us over the phone. Completely disinterested.-The kitchenette's glassware was quite visibly unclean, the wine glasses in our room all had either lip gloss or fingerprints on them. -We did not think not having Air conditioning was going to be a problem early Oct. in SFO but given our room faced the sun all afternoon, it was stuffy in there. We therefore kept the window open and it was VERY noisy as a result, despite facing the back. The room did not cool down much before around 3 am when a bunch of drunks yelling woke us up.and we decided to close the window. Ceiling fan helped a bit but I get congested when sleeping with that running so shut it off in the middle of the night. -My bedspread and pillowcases had old blood stains on them. -Room cleanliness was so-so with dust clearly visible in corners and our walk-in had a stench which prevented from storing any luggage in there. -Bathroom, other than fixtures, is clean but old and the shower head as a result came right around the level of my forehead. I'm only 5'9. You can imagine my 6'3 friend had a lot of fun washing his hair in the morning. Took forever given the weak pressure. -The alleged view was pretty much non-existent, our room, despite being on the 5th floor, overlooked neighboring buildings that obstructed most of the view. -Mattresses are brand new (according to their tags) but both me and my friend found them uncomfortable due to firmness. This is more subjective though.-I would disagree the location being good or great. The neighborhood was not re-assuring at night. I would not walk there alone and I'm a guy. Not much around and pretty much everything requires a steep walk downhill or uphill, making transit use mandatory. Union Square is a good 10-15 minute walk. Bottom line, the location is O.K. Nothing more.Would I return to the Mayflower? Possibly If nothing else was available. Based on what I experienced, I can understand why people on a budget like it. It's a roof over your head with a breakfast included. I also thought the 45 additional dollars for a higher floor room was a waste of money, given the rooms lower were described on the phone as being virtually identical. The said view was non-existent and the room, just as noisy as that 80$ room probably was. I probably would have felt I got a better bang for my buck with that room type. If looking for a place to sleep that's relatively clean and safely guarded, accessible by public transit to most of SFO's attractions and cheap, the Mayflower will do it. If you're like us and like your comfort and convenience location-wise, they are wiser options.	
Nov 19 2007 	Very good deal and very friendly! Going back there!!	The first week, we stayed at The Fairmont but, because of a major convention, we had to leave there and went to The Mayflower. Our room at The Mayflower was half the price of The Fairmont with many extras, including a garage for the car. We had free wireless ($14.95 a day at The Fairmont) and free continental breakfast ($33 for breakfast at The Fairmont). Quaint atmosphere and felt more like &quot;old San Francisco&quot;, but very clean and neat. We will go back for another night before returning to China.	
Nov 6 2007 	Great find for budget conscious travellers.	The Mayflower is an excellent find for those on a budget. I paid approx £40.00 a night for my room and it was more than adequate. The room was very big and plenty of storage of space. Shower was powerful and water always hot. Mattress was comfotable and room was very clean. Staff always pleasant and very helpful at check-in. If you are going to pick fault with it then I guess you could say it is in need of renovation. The buffets in the rooms are very old and do look a little tatty. The danger of renovating though is the price increase it would bring. Also the windows are originals, hence the noise from the street, which can become a disturbance. Free internet access is also a big PLUS. Always helpful to have this facility, especially when trying to make travel arrangements with other people you are trying to meet up with. Nice touch. One thing I will say is that the Lillies in reception are far too overpowering and would be nice if they were replaced with something else.	
Oct 28 2007 	It had it's ups and downs	We enjoyed our stay overall but when we checked in we had some serious problems with the managers. Because of some miscommunication with the number of people traveling with us, we had too many people in the room. While the woman who was helping us was very helpful, the man who was also was there was unnecessarily rude and almost yelling at us. It is absolutely ridiculous how he was treating us and completely disrespectful. He was the only problem we had with the hotel, the rooms were big and the bathrooms were nice. I would recommend it as a budget hotel that you are using just for sleep. Great location.	
Oct 21 2007 	Nice Hotel Good Price Great Staff	Stayed at the Mayflower with another couple. Two rooms between 3 of us. The hotel is situated in a very good location, near to Union Square, with a garage in the next block.The staff, Nancy and Nick, are friendly and extremely helpful. Rooms are clean, with two huge wardrobes, a very comfy bed and overall this &quot;theme&quot; hotel has a very cosy charm. It's not posh, but heck, it's not meant to be.At the prices offered, this is a really, really good deal - with breakfast (albeit simple) thrown in too.HIghly recommended, no complaints whatsoever. Just read the other reviews. This hotel is ranked in the top 50 out of 240 hotels in SFO, including the high end pricier posher ones. I guess that affirms my view.	
Oct 3 2007 	Good hotel lots of character	This hotel was perfect for what we wanted. It had a central location, it was inexpensive and it had parking. It was very old and they were in the process of remodeling, it had lots of character, which made it fun. Nice beds, clean rooms, we would stay again.	
Sep 26 2007 	Perfect!	Myself and my 2 friends stayed at The Mayflower for 3 nights in July and we were most impressed! The staff were all very friendly and when we arrived they gave us a map and told us where we should head to in the city and where the nearest bus/cable stops were - they even gave us a bottle of wine from the nearby Napa Valley to take to our room! The rooms were a good size, the beds were very comfortable and although there wasn't air con there was a large ceiling fan which was more than adequate... our room had a small kitchenette with a fridge and microwave and 2 very large walk in cupboards. Breakfast was basic but more than fine for the rate we paid. Location-wise this hotel is perfect, it is in a safe area and within walking distance to all the attractions in San Francisco. This is an old building but that adds to the charm! The lift in the reception area is particularly dinky! Oh and an added bonus was the computer area with free internet access.	
Sep 14 2007 	Exactly what I wanted	I was visiting San Francisco for 3 days, primarily to see my son and go to a game at AT&amp;T Park (the Diamondbacks won! yay!). His studio apartment wouldn't quite work for the two of us but I wanted to stay close. I couldn't get any closer as the Mayflower is literally the building next to his apartment building. This was a cool old building with a very nice lobby and loft/mezzanine. The staff made me feel right at home. This is an historic building that while serviceable was not what I would describe as renovated. It was clean and comfortable, though, and it would be a tragedy if this place was brought to its full potential and turned into a trendy boutique hotel that cost $300 a night. Some might find the street-facing rooms a little noisy. I would/will certainly stay here again.	
Sep 3 2007 	Great value 	Chosen on Tripadviser recommendations. Excellent place and very friendly and helpful staff, especially Nancy. Even returned things we had left behind. Difficult to believe that the combination of location and price can be beaten. Great sandwiches next door.	
Aug 29 2007 	Better than expected for the price	I didn't get off to a good start here, as my rental Chevy Impala wouldn't fit through their garage doors. But it all picked up after that. The staff was very friendly, my room looked like it had been recently painted -- as did the corridors -- which is good in a building as old as this one. (The elevators are the kind that require you to open the door to get out.) My room had a small kitchenette with a tiny fridge, microwave, a sink, counter space, a couple of plates, a couple of bowls, and a fork. (Not sure what you would put in a bowl that you can eat with a fork.) No A.C., but there was a ceiling fan. That was fine. I got a room on the &quot;quiet&quot; side -- and it was, even though the Mayflower is in the heart of the city, between Union Square and Nob Hill. For those not real familiar with Nob Hill, if you're going to Grace Cathedral, be warned that the 2 blocks between the Mayflower and the Cathedral are about the steepest blocks you'll ever see. The Powell-Hyde cable car, which is good for getting around, is a quick 3 blocks away. The Mayflower offers a complimentary breakfast of sorts, which seems increasingly common in hotels/motels. Muffins, packaged cheese, coffee, bananas, orange juice, milk, cereal....Price for 2 nights was $175 total. Absolutely no complaints, and would stay there again. But I'll rent a smaller car next time.	
Aug 2 2007 	Nice Place	The Hotel Mayflower is a great place to stay with children. The room we had offered a full-size bed and a twin trundle. The room was very clean, and the no a.c. didn't bug us because the weather was cool and the ceiling fans did the trick. We loved the multiple closets our room offered, it allowed us to stay tidy and stash stuff during our stay. Parking was handy...plenty big once you get down into the garage, but beware, the driveway is extremely narrow. This place is old, old, old...but we found the hotel gave us some real San Francisco flavor. The location is perfect, close to everything. Staff was attentive and friendly. You can't beat it for the price...especially including a light breakfast each day...NICE!	
Jul 30 2007 	A great friendly hotel	The staff here were really friendly and were very helpful. They told us were to go and where not to go. The rooms are clean and a good size. Our room contained two large cupboards, a microwave and a 'fridge. The property is old and is not your modern day fancy hotel - but this adds to the charm. check out the old fashioned elevators!It is centrally located and within walking distance of most things. The breakfast is a simple buffet and quite basic - but fine.If I were to stay in San Francisco I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 17 2007 	Wonderful staff	We stayed at this hotel this month and were so impressed with the wonderful staff. The Hotel was very nice with decent sized rooms, a huge walk in wardrobe, kitchenette with microwave, fridge and sink, spacious bathroom with beautiful toiletries. The Bed was a double, very comfortable with equally comfortable pillows. The breakfast was very nice and we (4 People) were all very happy with our selection. The rooms was very clean and housekeeping was fast and efficient. We found all of the staff to be excellent and the owners were such lovely people we almost felt that we were friends staying in their home. I can't recommend this hotel highly enough. It isn't 5 star if that is what you are looking for but if like us you like something clean, comfortable and affordable then you should give this one a try.	
Jul 12 2007 	The worst hotel experience of my life!	My husband and I booked a room at the Hotel Mayflower for the last two nights of our California vacation. We chose the Mayflower because the picture of the lobby looked nice, it was cheap, and we had been splurging on pricier rooms for most of our trip. We checked in and went to check out our room - we we're very disappointed with everything beyond the lobby. It's like an old senior apartment building. It smelled like a nursing home and the bed looked 25 years old - with a dip in the middle of the mattress. Oh well, we'd make due I thought. We went back to the car to get our luggage and when we returned, the front door was locked. I rattled the doorknob, my husband pushed on the other side, I was going to ring the buzzer, but looked in and saw someone coming to the door. He peeked out and said &quot;Did you kick the door? You kicked the door. Find another motel, I don't want you here.&quot; And then he slammed the door. I thought it was a joke at first, or he was a crazy resident, or even that it was a scam to get our money. Turns out he was legitimately kicking us out for allegedly kicking the door. It was insane! Here we had paid for our room, and we're struggling to the door with all our luggage and IT&quot;S LOCKED. Do you think we could perhaps be offered some HELP from the staff for goodness sake. NO, we're locked out and then KICKED OUT !We were dumbfounded and quite angry for being treated so rudely , but agreed we'd never dream of staying there after being treated this way anyways and so we waited for them to refund our credit card and left quietly. We SO wanted to kick the door for real on the way out!This story has a happy ending. We found a MUCH NICER hotel a few blocks away - Hotel Carlton- The staff was kind, the decor was new, everything was clean, even valet parking for only $20 more a night!	
Jul 5 2007	Great Location	Great location to everything in the city, only a few blocks away from the cable car. Free bottle of wine at check-in, cheap parking but a tight fit in the garage. Staff was great at giving directions. Definitely will stay there again if I get back to the city.	
Jun 29 2007 	A great hotel.	We found the Hotel Mayflower to be a well run establishment with friendly and helpfull staff. The room rates are very reasonable and well equipped with fridge, air con and en suite bathroom with shower and bath. On arrival all guests get a bottle of wine. There is undergroung parking available for approx 10 cars which was provided to us free of charge. It is a very tight space and SUV's may struggle but no problem for the average saloon car. There is free internet access with three computers available for use by guests. Literatue and advice is freely available in the Hotel. Bush Street is only 10 mins walking from the heart of the city and Trams, Buses and taxi's are even closer. This is a great Hotel on a budget.	
Jun 27 2007 	Hotel is a personal choice	I stayed at the Hotel Mayflower in March 2007, after reading all the excellent reviews on TripAdvisor about the hotel. Yes, I totally agree with all the good comments. Staff were friendly and attentive, even with her limited English the housekeeping staff took very good care of me. The location is fantastic, except Bush Street could be a problem if you are a light sleeper. Breakfast was complete (considering the room rate) The hotel is not of five-star class, but with basic necessities and great location. However, I believe hotel is a personal choice for everyone. I like the hotel, but it's not my cup of tea. I'm a regular to San Francisco and the reason for travelling is to socialise and get to know people, but this hotel didn't offer me the chance to do so, as much as the other hotels I've stayed during my previous visits.	
Jun 18 2007 	Not Bad But Not Great Either	My wife, son and I stayed at the Mayflower June 11-14. We arrived a few hours early, the clerk let us keep our bags there while we went out exploring. That was a nice gesture. When we arrived at our room, however, we were put in a one bed room, when we clearly booked a 2 bed room months ago. That caused some tepidation. But the manager was called and made it right, giving us the first night free. I can understand why guests do not like being on the Bush Street side of the hotel. That street is very loud and alot of traffic. The room we stayed in had no air conditioning and in the 80 degree weather we experienced, we were very warm all night. Thank God for the ceiling fan Many reviewers mentioned the friendly staff. We did not experience this. The clerks went about their business, but were never friendly, and a couple clerks kind of glowered at us when we would first enter the lobby. Two asked us what our business was in the lobby, and we had to tell them we were guests in their hotel. I didn't care for their tone. The breakfast was meager. It looked like they went next door and bought bread and peanut butter and instant oatmeal. It was very plain and no imagination at all. One day after returning back to our room after a day in the 90 degree weather, the housekeeper had turned our ceiling fan off. The room never did cool down. Also, the cable was very basic, and a few channels were always very fuzzy. But you get what you pay for. We never felt unsafe, and we did get to keep our bags at the hotel when we first arrived. Plus, we were reembursed for the first day miscommunication, which was a plus. Would I come back again? Only if I couldn't get a hotel closer to the Wharf.	
May 7 2007	Great value for the price!	This hotel is so cute and has an old world charm. It's been renovated to its original architecture. You cannot beat the price and the hospitality. I only paid $80 for a one bedroom w/ two double beds and a kitchenette. It's not far to walk from Bart and the neighborhood is totally safe. It was very clean as well. I highly recommend it and would definitely come back!	
May 2 2007 	What a Fantastic Find!	My husband wanted to take a &quot;low-budget&quot; weekend trip to San Francisco for our first anniversary &amp; being the &quot;Deal-finder&quot; I am, I tracked down the Mayflower. For only $80 I was a little scared of where we'd end up. What a fantastic surprise! Some of the highlights:- Wonderful staff, very friendly &amp; helpful- Great location... walking distance to Union Square- Safe, clean neighborhood- Free high-speed Internet access in room- Continental breakfast (toast, muffins, oatmeal, juice, coffee, etc.)- Free basic cable- On-site parking (if you have a small car) usually cheaper than public garages- Spacious, clean rooms (with a kitchenette)- Refrigerator, microwave and nice bath ammenities- We got a complimentary bottle of a great red wine when we checked in- Extremely safe... the doors were locked at night and we had to be buzzed in (with ID)The hotel is very charming and historic, but still very clean. My very &quot;anti-city&quot; husband felt safe &amp; comfortable both in the hotel and the surrounding area. The rooms are not luxurious or fancy, but If you are looking for a great deal on a fantastic, authentic SF hotel- this place can't be beat. We'll definitely go back!	
Apr 27 2007 	Worth more than you pay for!	i stayed here a couple of weeks ago. nice clean hotel with great helpful staff! before you book your room though, make sure your heater/aircon is working in the room. the room i booked had a really weak heater and it was very cold in the morning. thank god the beddings were warm. also, ask for a room away from the main street. at 430am, you can hear the street cleaners trucks which really woke me up. otherwise, if you're on a budget but don't want to stay in a hostel, i highly recommend this place. i would stay here again.	
Apr 26 2007 	Great price great location	Chose this hotel based on reviews and the price. $80 for a quiet room with a double bed, TV with basic channels, small kitchenette w/ fridge, microwave, and dishes, and a huge closet. It also included a basic continental breakfast with coffee, tea, oj, oatmeal, bread, fruits, baked goods. Front desk was helpful, we were able to check-in at an earlier time, and when we checked out, we were able to store our luggage for a few extra hours. There was wi-fi access, as well computers which helped us plan our trip around SF.Location was great!!! Quite close to the cable cars and MUNI stops. Be careful if you don't know your way around, did manage to wander into Tenderloin area while exploring on our first day. Did feel safe, doors are locked after a certain time, and we just buzz in to get back into the hotel after a long night out :)	
Apr 19 2007 	a great deal for the price	I stayed at the Mayflower after reading the good reviews on Trip Advisor and getting a great rate for the week. The room was only $80 per night, which is very low for San Francisco. For that price, we had a relatively nice and clean room on the 5th floor of the hotel. Our room faced onto Bush Street which can be noisy in the morning, so request a room on the other side of the building if that that may be an issue you. The location of the hotel is fantastic. If you don't mind climbing a steep hill, the California Street cable car line is only two blocks away, providing easy access to the financial district and the Ferry Building. It is also only two or three blocks from the Powell street line, which goes to Chinatown and Fisherman's Wharf. Union Square is within easy walking distance as are many restaurants and cafes. The Mayflower is next door to a small market and deli, which was extra convenient since my room had a small kitchenette with a refrigerator. If you don't wake up in time for the continental breakfast (coffee, juice and toast) it is nice to have access to your own refrigerator. Another bonus is that the hotel has its own parking garage. Many hotels in the city charge guests up to $35 per day, but the Mayflower only charged me $10 even though they quoted $20. This included in/out privileges, but you must ask the front desk attendant to open the garage for you as the door is not automatic. The only warning is that the garage is very small. Not only are the spaces small, but the entrance to it is very small as well. Definitely don't plan on parking here if you have an SUV, or even anything larger than our Civic. Overall, the Mayflower is a great hotel. If you don't expect a 5-star room, you will be pleased with the free wireless access and cute details of a quirky old building. Definitely, the price is good for such a great location.	
Apr 1 2007 	Old yet familiar	This was a wonderful choice it was very resonable and the access to the area is just great. Being on top of one of the hills in San Francisco gives you a great view from Bush St down to the Financial District. Plus it is a short walk to Grant which is where China Town is. The proximity to Tenderloin was a concern until I realized that it was far enough up that the undesirable elements wouldn't go so far as to get this location. The Staff is wonderful they let me in every night since I stayed out and they were very helpful. I was able to even check in at 12 Pm. There is art in all the hallways in this beautifully decorated hotel. The street noise can be a bit much. I did speak the manager about this and she said that the city would not let her change them to double pained windows because it was historic. After all that walking getting to sleep isn't much of a problem.	
Mar 11 2007 	Loved it!!		
Feb 15 2007 	Mayflower blossomed		
Oct 28 2006 	Definitely an upgrade excellent staff/service street noise loud		
Oct 23 2006 	Pleasant stay		
Aug 21 2006 	Great hotel Quiet Great location		
Aug 1 2006 	Good Experience		
Jul 13 2006	Great value and friendly staff!		
Nov 9 2005	A Charming and Convenient Choice		
Oct 3 2005	Great for travelling on a budget.		
Oct 13 2009 	Très décevant...		
Aug 27 2009 	Hotel ideal		
Jul 26 2009 	Buen hotel		
Jul 22 2009 	Tres agreable		
Apr 16 2009 	Hotel carino a buon prezzo ottima posizione		
Apr 3 2009 	une vraie petite perle		
Apr 6 2008	In Ordnung!		
Sep 18 2007 	Ein Ort zum Wohlfühlen		
Oct 1 2006 	Mehr als ein Hotel ein Zuhause!		
