Sep 19 2009 	Noisy sketchy no security and no baggage storage!!	NO security, NO screens on the windows, there are pigeons and pigeon droppings outside the windows and NO fans. There is NO baggage storage if your departure is after the 11a.m. checkout time. Smelt like cigarette smoke, very noisy (music blaring and people shouting in the middle of the night and early morning). NO staff working there after 5p.m., so make sure you have your room number and door code BEFORE you arrive.	
Aug 28 2009 	Misleading...	We stayed at the Halcyon for 3 nights. Even though it is only 3.5 blocks away from Union Square, the hotel is actually situated in the Tenderloin which according to the locals: &quot;there is nothing tender about the Tenderloin&quot;. The area is full of bums, drunks and soup kitchens - you have to be careful which direction you walk. We were told not to walk around the area after dark and just take a taxi so that we can be dropped off right in front of the hotel.Anyway, first thing that hit when us when we entered our room - musty, moldy, old carpet smell, like old library books. We had a teeny closet in our room and the smell is even stronger there. The carpet in the closet had black spots on it as well.The room itself was very small - we had 2 suitcases with us so we barely had any space to walk. The bathroom was very narrow and tricky to maneuver especially if you are 6'4. At night, you can hear other guests coming into the building and noises from other rooms. To top it all off, room service is only available every 3 days. Of course, this is not stated anywhere on the website or in our email reservation or even when we checked in. And the receptionist/office manager had the worst attitude I have ever encountered in a hotel personnel.I love San Francisco but this place was such a damper on our vacation!	
Aug 27 2009 	Great value location and staff	Stayed one week at halcyon.staff and manager couldn't be more helpful.centrally located in downtown which makes it ideal for all sight seeing and entertainment. Rooms are clean modern with cable tv and high speed broadband. We could eat in if we wanted to save money or their are loads of great restaurants in the area. I found nothing wrong with this hotel. If it's super luxury you are after it's not for you but we stayed in more expensive establishments in San fran and the only difference is the size of the room which is smaller in halcyon but considering the savings you make and the friendly staff I would recommend this to all travellers and holiday makers	
Aug 15 2009 	get what you pay for....	Location of hotel is very good there are homeless people around but they are harmless and easy to ignore. Room was pretty good and the staff were friendly and 60 channels on the t.v.	
Jul 3 2009 	The Best Deal in San Francisco!	I found the Halcyon Hotel listed on a page among hostels in San Francisco since my Fiance and I aren't very picky and would rather pay less than have a beautiful room. The Halcyon was actually less expensive than some of the other places we looked at and seemed cozy and clean on their website. When we arrived, the staff was friendly and helpful and even gave us a brief overview of the city and places we should see. I didn't know ahead of time that there was going to be a charge for the internet, but it was reasonable and made sense. When we got to the room it was clean and neat. It was bigger than any Hostel room I had ever stayed in and had a private bathroom and beautiful vintage tub! There was also a kitchenette with everything we needed including coffee for the coffee maker! There was a closet too! We got ourselves all settled in and it felt like home! When we needed to do laundry the man from the office found us some detergent that someone had left there instead of us buying our own. When I needed anything the office was always incredibly helpful! I feel like we just got an incredible steal! I would imagine that for a similar but less personal stay at a big name hotel I would have paid 3 times what we paid here! Especially since we were located in the center of Union Square, the heart of the city. We were able to walk everywhere! I cannot say enough good things about my stay.	
Jun 10 2009 	Hotel???	This place shouldn´t be called a hotel.Unless you are a backpacker,avoid it.Unsafe is the best word to describe this place!We arrived late at night and there was nobody there to help us.We´ve stayed for just one night,payed another (although their cancellation policy doesn´t say anything about paying more than one night...)and went directly to Holiday Inn Express at Fishermann´s wharf.What a difference.... For the SAME PRICE!!!	
May 29 2009 	Buyer beware!	We all have concerns about booking hotels 'sight unseen' from information that we find on the internet. Upon arrival at the Halcyon we found the room to be unacceptable in terms of cleanliness, size and most of all security. This area of the city borders on less than safe &quot;tenderloin&quot; district&quot; &amp; there was plenty of indication of unsafe street activity. Although we had reservation for several days, we made a decision to seek accomodation elsewhere, and in the end DID NOT STAY ONE NIGHT. The short time we spent in the hotel was VERY noisy, sound travels from room to room. The attitude of management was the worst i have ever experienced. I would definately not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 9 2009 	Value Location Comfort .....	The purpose of this note is to inform as well as to express appreciation to the management of the Hotel where we recently stayed. My partner and I are both currently living and working in Sydney, Australia. We took a holiday, a hotel at Los Cabos Baja Sur, Mexico. Very fancy and very expensive. Our return trip took us thru San Francisco. Since my partner (who by the way is from Japan) had never explored the town, we thought to stay for a few days. Wanting to conserve funds, we considered hostels, but I had visited San Francisco a few years earlier. I really liked the place that I had chosen that time around. The Halcyon, 649 Jones. We rode the BART from SFO (the Airport) and took the easy walk from Powell Street Station. Hey, we were prepared to rough it at a hostel, but here we were enjoying great privacy and comfort at hostel prices. OK, Our room was nothing special: Nice, clean, and comfortable. The shower was hot and with a great showerhead (alright, already, this is a personal need of mine)!!! Cable TV, alarm clock, Hair blower, in room refrigerator, with a microwave and stocked with kitchen accessories and utensils. We felt like we had come home! Sure, our five star, of the previous week, was loaded with amenities (like $4.00 for a candy bar, and $6.00 for a soda, Hey, booze, clothing and everything was provided at our fingertips in our room if you wanted to turn your wallet inside out!!). Here, we found our basic needs fulfilled and more!! The Halcyon is conveniently located to transportation, shopping and some great dining!! And yes, computers are a must in my world. We enjoyed the speedy wireless internet access provided. I also used the in-house laundry facilities. My partner vigorously complemented the convenience, cost, comfort and cleanliness. The associated cost was so very reasonable. An extra perk provided by the management, was the friendliness and wealth of information they provided. One can thank San Francisco for its donation of charm and interests, but our stay was as much or more memorable than our five star extravaganza!! To sum it up: If you are like us, all we wanted was a nice , clean safe place, with a comfortable bed and good shower in a convenient location. We spend most of our time out and about anyways!!! The Halcyon delivered for us Bigtime!!All the best jc	
Apr 29 2009 	Very Fond Memories	I LIVED at the Halcyon Hotel for most of 2008 while seeking work in my field. From DayOne when I arrived from the East Coast with over 200 pounds of luggage, I was greetedwarmly by Mike, the Night Manager, who carried all of my luggage up three flights of stairs to my room! I stayed in Room 302 for eleven months, and although small, it wasperfect for me. I enjoyed taking bubble baths in my clawfoot bathtub and hanging out on the fire escape watching the city come alive at night. Although I don't think they allow people to LIVE there anymore, it is an affordable, CLEAN, and charming place to stay.My bed was VERY comfy, and I had a room with a safe for my valuables.Cora the house-keeper works tirelessley all by herself and does a wonderful job keeping this beautiful,100+ year old bldg. clean! The rooms are on the small side, and the neighborhood canget VERY noisy at times, there is a fire station nearby and the area is very lively andcolorful. If you desire more peace and quiet, I suggest a room on the top floor in therear. Bear in mind, there is NO elevator. But, if you are seeking a clean, safe, andaffordable hotel with an excellent location and great staff, I highly recommend this one.Most rooms have a mini-fridge, microwave, toaster, coffeemaker and plates, cups, andcutlery. I still miss my little room very much, and will always treasure the memories ofmy halcyon days at THE HALCYON HOTEL.	
Feb 24 2009 	Unbelievable Value Great Location....My Favorite Budget Stay	San Francisco is my favorite city and I visit there often, either to and from the airport or just for fun. I found this little jewel one day while I was walking around looking at little hotels. The curbside appeal is modest, you need to buzz in, but once you make your way downstairs to the office a warm greeting awaits you. The rooms are cozy, packed with all the conveniences, and spotlessly clean. I have stayed in several rooms and each one is different. They all have a classic San Francisco charm with a claw foot tub, nice bedding, and a complete equipped kitchenette. It is also smoke free!! Having stayed in dozens of little hotels over many years, this is a great stay, you just can not find a better value for your money. I highly recommend the accomodations, cordial innkeeper, and perfect location. They also have an inexpensive parking garage less than a block away.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone	
Feb 2 2009	Cozy with European accent and great customer service from the manager	My husband and I stayed at the hotel over the Fourth of July weekend. The hotel had an European accent and it was just right for both of us. The manager, who I later found out was the owner, she even called to make sure we arrived safely. The hotel's location was perfect because it was absolutely ideal for all of the quadrants of the city. We got to our destination on a bus or on a trolley. I really like the hotel. I would definitely come back anytime.	
Jan 12 2009 	Affordable	I needed a place to stay in downtown San Francisco while I attended school. After looking at multiple locations, I chose the Halcyon Hotel because of the location and price. I was not disapponted. The hotel is centrally located to all of the activities I wished to attend. I walked 95% of the time and public transportation was always available.The staff at the Halcyon were always friendly and willing to help. Whenever I had questions about restaurants, places of interest, transportation, etc., I was always given the best advice.I will be returning to San Francisco multiple times to complete my studies and I will be staying at the Halcyon Hotel. I recommend this hotel for anyone wishing to visit San Francisco on a budget.	
Jan 4 2009 	Best avoided	We chose the Halcyon because it was cheap and located pretty centrally in San Francisco. We had planned to stay for 19 days, but ended up leaving earlier. We took advantage of their weekly special for the price savings, though that wasn't as advantageous as we'd hoped.The location is very convenient for travellers; it's a short walk to Union Square, and there are some useful bus routes nearby. A short walk downhill gets you to the Metro. It's not an ideal location, though: it's in the city's Tenderloin district, a rough area that felt less-than-safe as it got darker.The room we had was at the back of the hotel, as far as possible from the street. This didn't prevent the room from being very, very noisy - street noise is pretty much constant, and it was impossible to sleep without earplugs. There must be a fire station nearby - firetrucks went screaming down the street at least once or twice a day.The room was also very small (they told us when we arrived that it was one of the larger rooms). We had 2 beds (one double, one single), which took up nearly all of the available space. The beds were the noisiest, squeakiest beds I've ever slept on, very uncomfortable (but they didn't have bedbugs). The included microwave was ancient. The sink in the 'kitchenette' was so small that you couldn't place one of their dishes in it. The walls and ceiling had cracks and stains. The floor looks like it had been recently re-done - the nicest feature of the room. The bathroom was also very small. The rooms were reasonably clean.Maid service is normally every 3 days, we were told, but because we were taking advantage of the weekly special rate, it would only be every 5th day. Nonetheless, the maid showed up every 3rd day for the first 9 days, and then didn't show up again for 6 days.The television reception was pretty awful. That's not normally a huge issue when on a short trip, but since we were there for an extended stay, it would have been nice.The hotel provides free wireless internet, which worked acceptably well much of the time. There were many outages, the worst one lasting 4 or 5 hours. There are plenty of places nearby (laundromats, cafes) that also offer free wireless internet.The staff were friendly and helpful whenever we spoke to them, but they're not around a lot of the time. They keep office hours, and in the evening there's a number for the night manager (who, we were told, lived on the premises). When we had a problem, though, the night manager was unreachable.Specifically, when the person using the room next to ours started screaming and banging on walls for a half hour, the night manager did not answer his phone, and did not respond to the message. 'Technical difficulties', we were told, they couldn't access the message until the next day.Other events at the hotel made us uncomfortable as well, so we decided to leave early. However, since we had booked using the weekly special rates, they told us they require 3 days notice before departure. We stayed 2 more nights but they still charged us for the 3rd day, refusing to accommodate us despite the difficulties we had encountered. They claimed that the computer system was set that way, and they could not change it.In summary, I regret having stayed at the Halcyon. The nearby Hotel Mayflower cost a bit more, but was much more comfortable.	
Dec 30 2008 	Terrible	When it comes to cheap, budget hotels in San Francisco, this is the worst. And I've stayed at many cheap hotels in the city. I never expect anything very nice for the price I pay. But even still, there is a big difference between a cheap hotel and a nasty hotel. Dirty, loud and seedy. I did not feel safe. For a budget hotel I'd suggest the San Remo (google it). Same price, clean, comfortable and located in the beautiful North Beach area of SF.	
Dec 23 2008	Two words: Bed Bugs	My first trip to San Francisco was memorable as a result of staying at the Halcyon. Trying to save on accommodations, this &quot;hotel&quot; was the least expensive while still being within SF proper. The adage &quot;Penny wise, Pound foolish&quot; could be the hallmark for this establishment. The room was barely wider than both my arms spread apart. The bed took up almost all floorspace. The bathroom was only slight smaller than the room itself. Fortunately, I didn't unpack my things upon checking in (I left everything in my bag, in the closet). At around 3 in the morning, I felt something against my skin. When I turned on the light, I could see something moving on the sheet. Instinctively I smacked it, and the result was a bright red stain on the sheet. Immediately I threw the covers off, only to find 3 to 4 more of these bugs scampering away. When I called the Manager and showed him the blood stain on my sheet, I asked him did he know that there were BED BUGS in the room?!?!!! His response: we've had them before (WTF?!?!?!?!?!?!!!). After showering and scrubbing off the top layers of my skin, I ended up going to the downtown Marriott. Yes, its cost was 4Xs the price of the Halcyon, but at least the room was clean, spacious, and I didn't have to worry about being bitten in the middle of the night! Believe me, it's worth paying more rather than being infested. If you do decide to stay here, best to keep your clothes packed (and wrapped in plastic) so you don't bring anything back home with you. Like I said before, I was fortunate to have not unpacked. I made sure though that the clothes I was wearing were BOILED before I went to the Marriott.	
Oct 31 2008 	good location nice price	We spent one week at the Halcyon Hotel. We received the code for the main door and our assigned room no. by e-mail approximately one week before we arrived, so we would have had the possibility to enter our room even after office hours. The staff was very helpful. We arrived early in the morning and even though our room wasn’t ready, the manager gave us the room key and offered to store our luggage and take it to our room as soon as it was ready, so we could return to the hotel whenever we wanted to.In addition the manager gave us all the information about the hotel and handed us a map and showed us the main points of interest.Although the hotel is located near the Tenderloin district the area isn’t scary or extremely dirty. The hotel is quite safe, because you can only enter with the door code.The hotel is very conveniently located. Chinatown, the cable cars, as well as BART and MUNI are located within walking distance.The room was quite small, but equipped with everything you need, for example a microwave, coffee maker and refrigerator. There were also coffee, tea, sugar and dishes.The room was cleaned every three days, but you could get fresh towels and assistance during the office hours from the manager.Unfortunately the hotel has no elevator, therefore it might be a little hard with heavy luggage.	
Oct 28 2008 	Would stay in a heartbeat!	My wife and I booked this room because it was centrally located in San Francisco. As soon as we checked in, they helped us with our bags. (Word of advice: the hotel has no elevator. We stayed on the fourth floor) The room was perfect, a small apt for only about $500+ for a seven day stay. We could not be happier and we will not hesitate to recommend to friends and family to stay here.Bathroom has been called small but I don't care. At least I didn't have to run down the hall in a shared bath. Very clean and perfect for what we needed. I do recommend asking for room on a lower level. Especially after a hard walking day in SF.	
Oct 21 2008 	Excellent. I loved it very much	San Francisco, CA. Halcyon HotelSeptember 2008. I have just returned from SF, where I stayed in Halcyon Hotel. I want to say that it was very great hotel. The management staff are very welcome and helpful. Rooms are clean and well furnished all rooms have small kitchenette, wireless connection 24 hours and absolutely free. Very safe place nice location and moreover close to Union square where all shops and museum are located and where a lot of entertainment performance happened every weekend. More important, the prices in this hotel are very good and affordable. I enjoyed staying in that hotel, definitely comeback again.	
Sep 5 2008 	Ask for a room facing away from the street	I just returned from a weeklong stay at the Halcyon. I was combining a couple of days' vacation with attendance at a professional conference, and was looking for a reasonably priced place that was close to public transit and the overpriced hotel hosting the conference. The Halcyon was a good, but not perfect, choice, and I would stay there again. I had only a few problems:*The Halycon occupies the middle ground between the notorious Tenderloin and the upscale Nob Hill neighborhood. I was aware of this fact when I booked the room, and the night manager matter-of-factly told me that the blocks immediately to the south of the hotel were seedy but not overly dangerous. I'm an urban dweller who lives in a neighborhood that has a few rough edges, so I always felt reasonably safe, even when I was alone after dark. However, other solo female travelers might not feel as confident as I did.*My room overlooked the street. As a result, it was extremely sunny but also extremely noisy. The nightclub down the street, the fire station up the street, and the City of San Francisco's 6:00AM trash pickup and street repair projects made for an incredibly sleep-deprived experience; by the end of the week, I was numb with exhaustion. The next time I stay at the Halcyon, I'll insist on having a room that faces away from the street. *The bathroom showed its age; fussy travelers might find it unacceptable. The space between the tiny sink, which has seen better days, and the bathtub was so tight that I had to move sideways to get to the toilet. Despite these problems, the Halycon has a lot to recommend it:*The night manager, who lives on the property, was extremely helpful. He gave me a quick overview of the neighborhood and a city map when I checked in, and he cheerfully answered my questions throughout the duration of my stay.*The room was small, but it more than met my needs, and the bed was surprisingly comfortable despite being extremely firm. *I really appreciated having a coffeemaker, toaster, microwave, fridge, and dishes/glasses/cutlery in the room; there was even a supply of first-rate coffee waiting for me! My first day's exploration in the city took me right past a supermarket, and I came back to the hotel laden with provisions. Apart from a couple of dinners out with friends, I ate all my meals in my room--I saved money and stuck to my diet.*The bathtub--a huge clawfoot beast--and the shower curtain surrounding it were spotlessly clean. Soaking in that tub after a long day climbing up and down San Francisco's many hills really soothed my aching legs and feet and allowed me to reflect on the events of the day. By the end of my stay, I viewed the bathroom--even the battered sink--as quaint.*The wireless Internet connection (no additional fee) enabled me to stay in touch with work and friends, work on some of my own Web stuff, and plan excursions on public transportation.	
Aug 18 2008 	Clean simple good value	I took the &quot;family room&quot; (a single bunkbed over a double bottom bed, $59) for myself for one night, since it was the only remaining room. Sometimes dark hallways are a bad sign, but they were pretty (nice carpet, paneling, and paint) and made a good first impression. The room was cheap: laminated flooring, old furniture, &quot;tired&quot; bathroom fixtures, not-the-best mattress or pillows.(I sleep easily almost anywhere.)But it seemed to be clean, offered a microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker/coffee, kitchenette with furnishings for an extended stay, and security door. It's above the Tenderloin district, so I didn't feel like I was in a dangerous area ... but it wasn't the best area, either. (Just go north, not south, out the front door.) I was expecting a real dump, but was very pleasantly surprised. (And the location is convenient.)This is a great place for &quot;unfussy&quot; people with simple tastes, and a great value for San Francisco. I would definitely stay there again, and for more than just one night.	
Jun 29 2008 	New managers have ruined this place	I have stayed at this property several times. Starting June 1 the property came under new management. Before it was a great place to stay with friendly managers, clearn rooms, etc. Now with the new management, they jack you around with the rates - changing even after quoting a price, post notes on your door to come and pay them before the money is due, etc. The feel has really changed in this once very nice place.	
May 23 2008 	Extreme budget!!	The Halcyon has its pros and cons.The biggest plus is the great location. It's a 5 minute walk to Union Square and you can catch public transportation (MUNI, cable car etc. within walking distance).As far as the Hotel itself, it's more like a run-down hostel. The first night, we stayed in a tiny room that had a window facing the street so it was very noisy. The room was just a little bigger than the size of the bed and the kitchenette consisted of a microwave, toaster and coffee maker placed on a shelf next to the bathroom. The bathroom was terrible. It was super small and you had to walk in sideways to get to the toilet. The bed was awful. We could feel the springs in the mattress. The appliances (namely the coffee maker were filthy- when I ran my finger inside the water reservoir it came out black- EWWW).Needless to say, we asked to be moved to a different room the next day and luckily the management was very nice and accommodating and we were promptly moved to a MUCH better room down the hall. It was facing the back so much quieter. The room had a bunk bed with a fairly comfortable mattress. We actually had a kitchenette counter in this room, with clean appliances. The room was also a lot bigger- at least twice the size of the first room we had. Overall, for the room we stayed in the second night onwards, you get a little more than what you paid for. Great bargain for the location. However, had we stayed in the original room that was assigned to us, our stay would have been miserable with sleep deprivation on a horrible mattress, no coffee in the morning due to the filthy coffee maker and claustrophobia because of the small size of the room.Overall, if you're looking for a place to stay within this price range that's close to Union Square and transportation and you don't have really high expectations, then we recommend this hotel. Just don't expect too much.	
May 17 2008 	Great location	The room was truly tiny but we managed...we were given a different room to what we'd been told, but we were only there for 4 days and it wasn't really an issue. Location excellent (easy walk to Union Square, Powell Street etc) and staff communication was great... If you aren't looking for luury, this is a perfect base for your holiday and the price can't be beaten. Free wireless internet aand plenty of eateries nearby.	
Mar 10 2008 	Excellent cheap stay in the heart of San Francisco	This was my first trip to San Francisco. I arrived at the hotel around 9:30 at night and wasn't sure what to expect given the bargin price and the location on the edge of the notorious Tenderloin. I was so pleasantly surprised - a well lit enterance with a big plant outside announced &quot;Welcome home for the next ten days&quot;.Because I arrived after office hours I let myself in with the door code which had been emailed to me a week before. My first thought upon entering was &quot;this is a well maintained older building &quot;. My room was up the stairs on the second floor (I also received this info in an email). The room was small but had in it a double bed, desk, chair, night stand and a one drawer bureau with a tv on it. Against one wall was the kitchen area included here was a toaster, microwave, coffeemaker (including coffee), fridge (big enough for a 12lb watermelon!), a sink and a drawer full of the essential utensils (corkscrew? - check). It was tight but perfectly capable of sustaining me for ten days and I was really happy to have it.The smallness of the bathroom cannot be overstated. There was *just* enough room for the toilet, sink and tub with shower. However, it was clean and well stocked with toilet paper, soap and towels. Other nice conveinences - a full length mirror on the bathroom door and a three tiered shelf for personal items.The room also had a narrow walk-in closet with a light, shelves, a rod with hangers and a couple of hooks on the door.I felt management was really great with communication. I got all my information very timely through email and once I was there the manager was available in his office during the day. In my room was a very clear sheet of instructions on how to use the phone and receive messages and the password for the hotel wi-fi (a fabulous bonus). Laundry in the basement (basement was not at all scary or uninviting) was available for guests after 5:00pm - two washers, two dryers.I felt the location was perfectly safe. Though I did make the decision to walk along Geary St (a bustling street) to get to where I was going rather than some of the quiter streets. There are a ton of resturants (both cheap and expensive), pharmacies and corner stores (with everything you'd need) around.Though I loved this place, would stay there again and would recommend it to my mother I will list a couple of not so perfect things.I was there in February and the daily temperature was +18c (I think this is unusual for San Francisco in February) I found the room was a bit too warm. I didn't leave the windows wide open when I left for the day because there were no screens and plenty of piegons. It did cool down some in the evening when I returned and opened the windows wider but I don't know if this would be effective in the middle of summer.Light sleepers might fine the walls a bit thin. For two nights my neighbour woke me up with late night tv watching and guitar playing though I don't think either was done at an unreasonable volume. I never heard walking from overhead, just noise from next door. And it only lasted two nights. The new neighbours were very quiet.I say my overall experience was excellent but I like small spaces in old buildings and big windows which open like doors and have no screens. When I travel I like to feel I have a home and I like to be left alone. The maid came by every three days (I was never in the room) and for me that was plenty. It wasn't luxury but there wasn't anything I thought the room was missing.	
Nov 10 2007	Budget and Comfort	I stayed for 6 nights at the hotel in a non-smoking room and paid their seasonal weekly rate. Since the hotel doesn't have 24-hr desk service, I received an email reminder and instructions for late check-in about a week before my arrival. I didn't have any problems checking in and getting settled. I completed my check-in the following morning.Some comments:There was a strong offensive smell when I first entered my room on the fourth floor even though the windows were open. I guessed that it was cigarette smoke from previous occupant/s. After the first couple of evenings or so, the smell has gone away.I didn't get hot water during the second evening of my stay and when I called the manager the following morning, it seemed that the whole building's hot water was shut off. There were apologies made and was assured that hot water was being returned accordingly. I got through with a very cold (and quick!) shower before then but got warmed up pretty quickly because my room's overall temperature was warm and cozy. There was regular hot water since then.Housekeeping and linen change occurred on the third day as advertised; meanwhile, I had to be responsible for room upkeep during those days without maid service. Guests have the option to get fresh towels before then to exchange with their unclean ones.Pets are allowed in the hotel and the next room had a dog. (I think there were a couple of dogs on my floor on the 4th). I never saw them but heard them bark a few times or make door-scratching noises. The barks behind closed doors would startle me every once in a while so if I return to this hotel for another extended SF stay, I would request a room away from pet owners.Summary:Overall, I felt safe and comfortable in this smaller establishment., located just a few blocks from Union Square. I walked a lot to explore the city and used accessible public transit (mostly from Powell/Market Street area) to take me places. I'm out most of the day so coming back to my room at night was like going home to a cozy apartment. (Guests are given a front-door building entry code). I liked the kitchenette and walk-in closet. Although the private bathroom with the claw-foot tub was rather small, it was functional. I had the TV throughout the time I was in the room for news and to watch some of my favorite shows. The hotel's amenities were adequate for my needs and the cost was reasonable. The managers were friendly and responsive to my queries since I first came upon their website information from my own SF hotel/lodging internet search. I don't know if Halcyon Hotel is for everyone so I can not make a recommendation either way. (Note: I didn't need any computer connection or access so its unavailability was a non-issue for me; it may be for others).From my experience, my expectations were met (safety, budget, comfort) and have no major complaints. Just as any lodging in a major city, be reasonably alert and use common sense when venturing the streets. Have fun!	
Aug 6 2007	Great Value	I just returned from my first trip to San Francisco. I would recommend this hotel to anyone interested in budget lodgings. The Halycon provided a safe, clean home for my week long stay in SF. The rooms were small but provided all amenities required for a comfortable stay. The hotel staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. My concern about the lack of air conditioning was unfounded as the evenings provided an abundance of cool air.I felt the room rates were an excellent deal for the location and service this hotel provided. Would I stay here again....absolutely!	
Jul 3 2007 	Budget Consideration	I booked this stay since friends had already made reservations there. If you are looking for budget accommodations that have a private bath and kitchenette (microwave and mini-refrigerator) with plates and utensils this is worth considering. The staff is very courteous and helpful. The room is somewhat small but comfortable. This are 4 floors of rooms (plus office in basement) and there is no elevator. It is not far from downtown, but we found it better to walk a block north (where you can also catch a bus on several different routes) instead of walking south to Market Street due to the neighborhood (although we never felt unsafe).	
Oct 10 2005	big value for money	I have to disagree with earlier reviewers and let you know my expirience. I got to know this hotel through the Lonely Planet Guide and booked by e-mail a room in advance for 3 weeks. No problems, booking was confirmed immediately and the room was kept for me on date of arrival. I even received the entrance-code. On the money-aspect, I got a room for only $ 300 a week, less than moderate, given the advice in most travelguides that for less than $ 100 a day almost nothing of any standard is available. But then the place self, on Jonesstreet it is very central located and easy to reach by foot from Marketstreet or Union Square and surroundings, even from Fishermans Wharf with an astounding view of the bay on one of the highest points, especially at night. The room was cosy but comfortable. It had a private bath and toilet, was cleaned up regulary and fresh towels were supplied. On day of arrival there was even neatly placed a tray with shampoo, a sewing kit and wethaircap. Later on a small soapbar was given. Being an European I asked for a electricityplug for switch from Dutch to American use and they immediatily offered to buy one by my self but get a discount from the hotelroomtarif. What a service! In the room were further on a refridgerator, microwave, TV-set, telephone (local calls are free!), alarmclock, even cups and saucers, coffee (!) and sugar, also a coffeemaker, forks and knives. Where do you get this elsewhere for a comparible price? Nowhere I guess. I had the time of my life staying in SF for 3 weeks and at the end of the day returning to a safe and proper place. If I get the opportunity I will repeat my stay in near future, again in the Halcyon Hotel. Thanks Dennis and Mark, helpfull staff members. More questions? You can ask me by e-mail, hanstalsma@zonnet.nl. PS I am just a guest of this hotel, not the owner nor shareholder or whatsoever.	
Aug 23 2005	Avoid this dump!!	Carpets ripped up, doors kicked in and poorly repaired, disgustingly dirty, smelly carpets.......kitchenette - yeah right - microwave on a bookshelf!! do NOT stay here.....the out-dated brochure shows pics from some other world...not this dump.	
May 31 2005	Fire damaged	We arrived at the Halycon having made reservations months earlier based on Frommer's positive mentions. The bloock had many wandering homeless, litter blowing about. The hotel staff had confirmed our reservation a few days prior to our arrival in response to an email from me requesting confirmation. What they didn't tell us was that a few days prior to that they had experienced a fire of some magnitude, and the smoke damage and water damage was evident in all the public hallways - carpet ripped up, narrow dark stairs lit by lightbulbs strung up after the fire, water damage, paster ripped out, large fans going. Very distressing for the owner or staff, who still thought we could stay there. We did check out our room which was flop-house small and had an objectionable odor unrelated to the fire. It was all tragic and nasty. I don't know when this place will be looking decent again.	
May 28 2005	In the heart of San Francisco	Finding a budget place to stay in San Francisco was quite a challenge. For the kind of price we paid and location, I suppose it was reasonable.The room came equipped with fridge and microwave. There is even laundry facility in the basement. A major plus for someone who is on an extended trip.However, the rooms were very small (think European hotel rooms) and looked a bit weathered. A large person would find taking a shower quite uncomfortable as the bathrooms were equally small. Housekeeping is only once every three days and there are no lifts.Nevertheless, it is very near to Union Square and has very good access to public transport. OK for budget travellers and those who intend to do more of sightseeing instead of staying in the room.	
May 8 2005	The website is lovely... can't say the same for the hotel.	The best thing I can say about this hotel is that they have a lovely website -------. And admittedly, everything on the website is technically true. For example, they do have personal safes in every room. However, as the owner will eagerly inform you, they don't actually have keys for them. The bathroom did have an &quot;antique, claw-foot tub.&quot; You could tell it was antique because all of the paint was chipping off. The front door is indeed secure with a coded entry pad, but you'll probably have to make a separate trip down to the owner's office in the basement to get the entry code, since he'll forget to tell you. Check-in time is, in fact, three pm, and they even let us check in a few minutes early. However, we couldn't actually get into our room until three thirty, because it hadn't been cleaned yet. Oh, and don't assume that the reservations you made will correspond with what you actually get. They somehow overbooked the first night we were there and reserved us a room at the Beresford Arms around the corner (an infinitely nicer place) instead. They notified us of this by taping an envelope to the front door with my name spelled incorrectly on it. The website claims it has &quot;room service,&quot; but as nearly as we could tell, it consisted of handing us a photocopy of addresses of local restaurants and liquor stores. The basket of &quot;breakfast beverages&quot; was just generic ground coffee. It wasn't all bad, honestly - there were clean plates, cups, and silverware, a toaster and a microwave, and all that. And the bathtub is big enough for two people, which is nice. Just... don't expect too much.	
Aug 19 2004	I love San Francisco and can't wait to return	My family and I went to San Francisco back in April. It's my 2nd time. The 1st time we rented a car for the week this time only for the 1st 2 days. During that time we covered almost half the state on the coast highway. It's unreal pristine, we hardly saw any people. The rest of the week we used the bus system and cable cars. We bought the City Passes off the net. That is much better than car rental; driving &amp; parking are hecticthere. We also got to mingle with the locals. We'renative Alabamians and expected people to be unfriendly, but they were very warm. We actually felt what it was like to live there. Yes, there are homeless people on the street, but they didn't bother us. Our hotel room at the Halcyon was very small. There were 4 of us to sleep on a bunk bed.	
Dec 14 2008	non recommandable		
Nov 12 2008	A eviter sauf si vous n avez rien a perdre		
