Sep 24 2009 	Great value 	Both times I have stayed overnight in Frisco, I chose Carl Hotel because price and location were my main criteria for where to stay in the greatest city on earth. Carl is a great pick. On my first visit my girlfriend and I paid about $70 for a ground floor room facing the street. On the first night we had trouble sleeping with the light rail running right outside our window, but on the second night we got used to it and had no trouble sleeping. On my second stay I was given a room on the second floor with the window facing Stanyan street and the noise wasn't a big problem. The front desk people were always very courteous, the room was tiny but clean complete with a microwave and an (albeit tiny) television set with cable. A short walk to Golden Gate Park, Haight Street, SFSU, and some of the best restaurants in the city.	
Sep 19 2009 	Don't stay here. . .	Especially in room 108. It was a shoe box. Full size bed pushed up against the wall. No clock, hair dryer, bathroom sink in the main room, no closet, dirty carpet, no screen on window, very noisy, no parking, tacky place. We were to tired and to lost to complain or try to find another place. We have to return to the city. . .will stay somewhere else. . .for sure!	
Dec 1 2008	Not for those who fear shabby stays...	Definitely follows the saying of &quot;you get what you pay for.&quot;The Carl Hotel needs some serious upgrading, or minimally some fresh paint and carpeting. BUT, it's a cheap stay, relatively clean, and in a very convenient location.	
Aug 9 2007 	Safe clean and convenient location!	I was looking for an inexpensive place to stay while visiting my son who lives in the Haight area. When I found the Carl Hotel, I was suspicious that it would be unsafe or dirty because the price seemed too cheap for San Francisco...I had my son check it out, and he gave it a thumbs up, so I took my chances, and was VERY pleased. Sure, the rooms are small, have old furniture, bland decor, and some of the carpeting looked worn, but everything was clean, the bed was comfortable, the shower had good water pressure, and you can't beat the great location in Cole Valley, a quiet residential neighborhood near the light rail line...One block away is Cole Street, where you can grab coffee or breakfast, and only a few blocks to Haight St, where even more restaurants and stores are..Also very close to Golden Gate Park, which is a great way to spend the day...The two &quot;negatives&quot;: the light rail line runs right in front of the hotel, so at night, you can periodically hear and feel it as it goes by (after the first night, it didn't bother me at all). The other slight negative is that there is no one on duty in the early AM or late at night, so if you need info. or want to check out, you may not find someone to help you. Because I was leaving at 6am, I checked out the night before, which was no problem.Other than those two small issues, the Carl was a great place to stay, and if you're just using your hotel as a place to sleep and take a shower, it's the perfect choice.	
Sep 16 2006 	The Carl Hotel was cheap and clean	I needed to stay close to UCSF when my husband had surgery there last fall. We stayed there a few weeks before for a pre-op procedure and stayed on the second floor. It was a small but clean room. My only complaint was the muni train noise (it didn't run all night thank goodness). When my husband was in the hospital I spent the first 5 nights at a B&amp;B. They were booked for the last 3 nights that I needed to be there, so I switched to the Carl. To save money, I stayed in one of the ground floor rooms. Tiny with only a twin bed, shared bath, water took forever to get hot but it was clean. And I did have a mini fridge, a microwave, a small cable TV and a hair dryer. The Muni Train was less noisy; it was more the vibration. But hey it was only $55.- plus tax a night. And again it was clean.	
Jun 11 2006	Nice hotel great price!	We stayed at the Carl while we visited a friend just a short walk away. We had the largest room available but it was very reasonable at $115. We started out in a smaller room and asked to be moved. The staff was very accommodating and even moved our luggage to the new room while we were out. The room was spacious and clean and the refrigerator and microwave were very handy. The train was noisy but we got used to it. The location is terrific with shops and restaurants nearby and we (two women) felt completely comfortable walking around the neighborhood. I would definitely stay again, you can't beat the price for a nice, clean room in a big city.	
Dec 11 2005	Comfortable secure and friendly	My husband and I were in the city for his UCSF overnight stay; I wanted to be close, so I chose the Carl--the price was right and positive reviews convinced me. I was not disappointed--the room was clean and comfortable, the desk clerk was very polite, and I experienced no &quot;itchy sheets&quot;. Yes, there was trolley noise--but compared to more central locations in SF, neighborhood noise was minimal, even for a Friday night.We'll definitely consider the Carl for non-hospital trips--there are a couple of rooms available that would be more comfortable for two, according to the desk clerk. Street parking was easy, free, and close (no restriction from Friday through Sunday eve). All in all, a great experience.	
Jul 21 2005	Best deal in San Francisco	My wife and I stayed here during Memorial Day weekend. If you're looking for a cheap place to stay in a great location, this is it. The rates were very reasonable ($70 ish), rooms were a bit snug, but we didn't plan on spending much time there anyway so it didn't make difference. It's an older building with a bit of charm, but everything was clean and the rooms even included a mini fridge and microwave.The location is right in the heart of the city in a cute and safe neighborhood. It's a couple blocks from GG park and Haight Ashbury. Plus the MUNI (subway) line goes right by the hotel, so you can get to anywhere in the city just by walking out the front door. Very convenient. The noise of the trains was not bad at all in my opinion. And we even slept with the windows open.You won't find a better value.	
Jun 1 2005	Tiny clean and a great deal	I'm a 59 year old woman, I stayed here while visiting my sister at UCSF hospital. I have stayed at several places in the area including the Stanyan Park hotel and one private apartment in a home. My room was a very small 3rd floor walk-up. I paid $76 a night, which in San Francisco is almost unbelievable. My room was tiny, but very clean, bright and cheerful. The Muni runs right past the hotel and is very noisy, but I kept the windows shut and was gone until around 10 every night and up pretty early. It really did not bother me that much considering everything else - I would stay there again. The neighborhood is very nice, lots of good cheap restaurants and friendly people, the hotel staff were very polite. The tiny fridge and microwave were clean and working.	
May 24 2005	worst hotel I've ever stayed in	The room we had faced out on the street, and the trolley sounded as though it was coming in our room every fifteen minutes. Luckily the trolley is suspended between 1am and 5am or I wouldn't have had even four hours of sleep!The sheets made us itch and further inspection found little black things clinging to them. I placed towels underneath me as I slept.There was mold in place I couldn't believe mold would grow, including insidethe faucet fixtures.Thankfully, the people at the desk suggested the Stanyan Park Hotel down the street, which is about the same price with breakfast and tea and is quiet and clean!	
May 22 2005 	Good value in the city	We booked 2 rooms there because it was close to UCSF Medical Center. Rooms were pretty small. Kind of snug for 2, but satisfactory for a single occupant. While the place appears old, it has been modernized and is in good repair and very clean. The desk people were kind, friendly and helpful. The Muni transit cars ran late into the night and they were noisy when the windows were open. Parking is iffy, which is to be expected in this area of the city. There are nice neighborhood restaurants and markets within walking distance. Locals were happy to visit with visitors.	
Mar 19 2005 	Its a dump but its a deal	I booked my husband in for a night in MArch 2005, because he had to be in early at UCSF early the next day. He has family in the bay area, but figured he would get more rest this way. WRONG. The subway ran right under his room ( which wasnt great to start with)- but hey, its inexpensive, no frills and a great location. My advice ? Stay out of sfo city and commute if you can.	
