Nov 25 2009 	Good Eco-Friendly Hotel	I stayed here for a week in November 2009 on business. The hotel was about a 20 minute walk from where I was working, so it was convenient. It's also about 10 minutes or so from Union Square, so it's basically halfway between what I'd call &quot;work&quot; and &quot;play&quot;.I was in room 320 on the 3rd floor of the hotel (not the courtyard), and while the room was the not the biggest, it was clean and comfortable. I wouldn't want to spend an entire day inside, but for sleeping and the occasional room service order from Good Pizza, it did just fine.There's not much nearby in terms of food, but Custom Burger is just across the street and has some pretty killer sweet potato fries.The staff were always nice and courteous, my room was always clean, and I never had to worry about running out of toiletries or amenities. Since this used to be a Best Western (or something), the showers did feel a bit dated, but that's about it.Overall it was a good experience, and I'd definitely recommend the Good Hotel to anyone working nearby for a few days. However for longer term travel, or for someone who wants to be able to relax in their room, I might recommend a slightly higher-class hotel in Union Square.	
Nov 23 2009 	Avoid this if you are traveling with family..........	Our family has stayed at other JDV hotels such as the Addagio and Hotel Citizen. In these facilities, the attention to service was exceptional.Our family enjoying our previous stays at JDV hotels, decided to book this hotel. I have never been more disappointed in a hotel. Day one: Approached the counter to check in. I was not greeted. I told them that I wanted to check in. They took my information. I was asked if I had stayed with them before? I told them not here, but had at other JDV hotels Addagio and Citizen. The lady behind the counter looked at me and said &quot;Oh.&quot; She then rushed to change the subject and pickup a bunch of papers that were sitting there for a while. I asked about parking. Guy behind the desk ask &quot;Do you want to park with us?&quot; as if it was such an incredible question. I said yes. He told me to just put it in the back? Parked the car back there. Found that there was a lot of beer bottles and trash around.Walked into the hallway to go into my room for the first time. Bag of trash was sitting in the alcove. Turns out it would be there the whole day until the middle of the next afternoon. We appreciated the sustainability aspect of the hotel. However, it was dirty. The walls had not been wiped in a while. In the shower, it looked like the plumbing was backed up. There was also no wash cloths for us to use? Do not understand why those could not be provided.That night there must have been a party. Could not sleep with people running around the hotel both inside and outside yelling. The next day, there were notices placed everywhere that there was no partying allowed. It looks like they are trying to stay minimal on the staff, so they are not able to keep track of everything. You would figure the guys bringing in cases of beer would be a hint that something is going on?Came back to the hotel on the third morning after breakfast with the intention to check out. All hotel key cards were not working. Both gentlemen behind the counter were doing their best to take care of everyone. They were very professional. Makes me wonder why these gentlemen were not there a couple of days ago?We never tried the restaurant there. Every time we walked by, there were no customers in it. Figured the locals were telling me something. So do yourself a favor. If you consider staying in this hotel, make sure you do not spend the $110 a night that I did. Go get a motel 6 instead. Avoid this hotel at all costs unless you like pounding your head against the wall.	
Nov 20 2009 	Fun but be cautious	Other than its dicey location, it's a better-than-good hotel. Our room was always cleaned immaculately. We stayed in the hotel (not &quot;courtyard&quot; section) and had a shower but no tub, so if a tub is important, check with the desk. Other amenities were plentiful--free wifi, recycling bins, and good karma. We had a rear room and it was exceptionally quiet. We spent 4 nights at the hotel, and they have discounts for 3 or more nights, so it was super-cheap! That left us with enough money to take cabs at night, which I would recommend due to the number of street people. Passing by a staggering filthy guy doesn't bother me, but it's apparently the fashion for these guys to have big dogs that I doubt they actually have much control over. So at night we either took the bus that goes by the hotel on Mission Street , or cabs, but in the daytime made the short walk to Market Street for easy bus, streetcar and BART transit. Plenty of nearby restaurants, especially in the Westfield shopping area at 5th and Market and the Metreon. While it's just short streetcar ride to the incredible farmer's market at Ferry Plaza, there's also a nice one on Market on Sundays just 2 blocks from the hotel. Given that it's less than half of any other hotel in downtown SF, I'd gladly stay there again.	
Nov 14 2009 	great hotel	great hotel, very friendly stuff and the awesome good pizza is also in the hotel :)	
Nov 14 2009 	Good value	Great value for dollar! Great staff. Location is SOMA, which i know some do not like but very good location for the city, central really.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great value hotel nice rooms	This hotel is great. It has mixed reviews, mainly due to the location. There are a lot of homeless people in this area but I never felt threatened. Felt very simialr to walking around any city at night. it's a little out of the way but has excellent transport links and is well positioned for exploring different areas (buy a MUNI pass). Rooms were nice, having been recently refurbished. All mod cons and very clean. Not the biggest of rooms but perfectly adequate and great value. I don't remember any noise issues.	
Nov 9 2009 	Good budget stay	We stayed at the Good Hotel at the end of October. It was good value, but you do get what you pay for. The rooms were quite cute and very clean. The location was okay, quite central but my partner did comment that he preferred to stay closer to China Town (where he normally stays). I would agree with previous posters' comments that the Good Hotel did lack service but would disagree with comments re: the number of homeless people in the area - they have the same amount of homeless as everywhere else.	
Nov 7 2009 	Great Budget Hotel in SFO.	If you call around looking for a hotel in San Francisco you are going to find that rooms start at $250 and go way up from there. But if you're willing to ride in a cab, take the Bart, or walk a little you can stay further from the city center and save a lot of money. There is a catch: the neighborhood you may be staying in may not be the kind that you'd like to walk around at night in. This is true about the Good Hotel. I was traveling alone for business and being out at night by myself would not have been smart. I actually had someone else from the trip in the same hotel so we did go out and the Bart was 2 blocks away, very handy. But literally you are 3 blocks from the Tenderloin. If you don't know what that is you better look it up before you go to SFO along with Market Street/Soma and some other areas that aren't super safe. Mostly it's just drug use/selling, prostitution, etc. But you get the feeling some people are debating whether to jump you as you walk past them and they glare at you. So stay in the hotel and take a cab. As far as the hotel: It was so cheap that I have to say for the money you pay what you get is like getting 5 stars! It's fun, hip, quirky, eco friendly, original, and young. There's a plasma tv in every room, free wifi, books you can &quot;borrow&quot; and they invite you to take on now and bring books to share the next time you stay. How fun is that? I would not stay in a courtyard room in that neighborhood but I liked the rooms in the main building. I was nice and high up far removed from that street. It was noisy all night on that street. Staff wasn't really friendly but the service was &quot;Good&quot;.	
Oct 28 2009 	Sustainability without Service	I decided to stay at The Good Hotel for a few reasons, it was a small boutique hotel, in an emerging area of SF and had a conviction i could stand behind...sustainability in an urban setting. Huge points for their eco-platform. However, they seem to have forgotten they are in the service and luxury industry. Not only did the internet not work for me the first day after 5 different log in configuration attempts, it was noisy and the staff was not helpful most of the time. When asked about restaurants in the area one quoted &quot;i dont really eat&quot;. Seriously? And simple requests seem to take the previous day to request in order to get. Low service marks for this one.	
Oct 27 2009 	Good idea to stay at the Good Hotel!	Great hotel, eco-friendly, friendly and helpful staff, close to BART and MUNI, and CLEAN!We stayed 5 nights, and really enjoyed it. A great value!Can't do much about the street-noise, so request a room away from the street.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great Value	I came to San Francisco with a friend/collegue for a conference. The hotel we were supposed to stay in was going to cost $250/night and we just could not fork out that much. After much research and reading, I found the Good Hotel, and booked the hotel for a ridiculously good price. Our check-in was very smooth. The room was, as my friend/collegue said like &quot;a dorm room,&quot; but not in a bad way. Basic amenities and simple yet cute room. As many people have said, the hotel has homeless people, drug users (or so they assume) and all kinds of scary people outside, we were prepared for this. We did not find too much in the way of scary homeless drug users, but discovered the entire city of San Francisco was filled with them, even the Four Seasons had a homeless person out front. Walking distance from Muni and BART, at which point you are within 30 minutes of anything you would want to see in San Francisco. The staff were extremely friendly. Only recommendation is: Bring your own shampoo/conditioner and soap ladies because their's suck.	
Oct 20 2009 	Best value in San Francisco	For the money - this is as good as it gets in San Francisco. Not a luxury joint by any means, but the best 2* hotel I've stayed in - puts many 3* and even some 4* to shame. The good hotel is newly remodeled, clean, modern, and quirky. Service is good overall. Location is good and quite safe for Downtown SF. This is my first recommendation for budget minded guests to the city by the bay.	
Oct 19 2009 	Couldn't ask for a better 2-star hotel	We quite liked the room and the light-hearted attitude of the staff and hotel. Although it looked old-fashioned with the open architecture, it has recently been renovated, updated and with a smaller environmental footprint. Everything was clean - no mold in the shower. There were no extras (e.g. towels, pillows) but that is to be expected for 2-stars. The free local calls and wi-fi were great. Other more expensive hotels in San Fran charge for these services. The noise level was typical for what we find in a urban environment. We didn't find it noisy, but there were ear plugs provided, so obviously some people must have problems. The location was very convienient to the BART subway, Union square shopping, Muscone conference centre and walking around the cool downtown neighbourhoods. There's a great place for coffee &amp; breakfast 2 blocks away: Tony Baloney's.	
Oct 19 2009 	very well decorated	a very well decorated and located hotelwhat before was a regular motel has been revamped to a trendy pleasant hotelthe welcome at the reception by steven was excellent and warm, he helped us in all our questions.the room is psacious, very nice decorated and the location perfect.the price was good and the quality to recommand to other SFO visitors.we ll come back	
Oct 18 2009 	Good Image - Bad night's sleep	We were placed in a courtyard room, and were not happy as it felt like a carpark (funny as we were literally above one) It felt insecure and the room was cold, the heater was noisy and woke me up at regular intervals through the night. Cigarette smoke was coming in through the window from what we thought might be security. Finally I got to sleep and the room's alarm clock went off at 3am, so I lay awake again, then I got woken up by a dustbin lorry as the room was right near the road, ironically, the ceiling had a glow in the dark &quot;Goodnight&quot; sticker above the bed, nice idea, but this just really rubbed it in! Maybe this is what you'd expect from a cheap(?) hotel, however we paid £100 for one night, so felt really bitter. They moved us to another room for the next night, which was much better, but still a bit noisy, we actually left one night early and lost our money as we really weren't happy with the area either - filled with junkies and gang people that felt really threatening walking back at night. So no, a Bad Hotel, and Good riddance to it. Oh, but the only Good thing, their committment to being green which is great.	
Oct 16 2009 	Cheap and Cheerful	There isn't much not to like about the Good Hotel. Its rates are a bargain, its in a great location and its got an easy going feel. Its obviously a refurbished older hotel but its clean and the rooms are colourful. A lot has been made in previous reviews of the homeless in the area, and yes there are a lot of homeless people in that part of SFO, but we never felt threatened in the time we were there. Its an area which apparently is in renewal, but the renewal may have stalled due to recent events. But its only 3 blocks from the centre of SFO. I would stay there again.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great fun value hotel in central location	I really recomment this hotel. Having spent a lot of money on expensive hotels, this hotel gives me hope that you dont have to splash out to have a great stay in a fun, clean modern hotel in a central part of san francisco. Whilst not in the central touristy part near union square, it is two minutes walk to the tram and bus stops on market street which go to all the important parts of the city. Almost felt that it was our own apartment. We were on the fifth floor with a great view of the city. Whilst its not luxurious, for the money, its perfect. There were quite a few homeless people around the area, but i soon realised it was all over San Fran, not just on the streets around the hotel. If you are nervous of this, it might be better to stay on Nob hill or Union Squre, but i wouldnt, as too touristy.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Hotel	I have stayed at the Good Hotel 2 years in a row, and will most likely return next year. It's a funky boutique hotel and the rooms are very clean. The front desk employees are always nice and friendly and can help you find anything you need. The hotel is very centrally located, easy to get to Bart and buses. Some people may really worry about the homeless population all around the area, but they seem to keep to themselves, and not bother anyone. If you get a chance, definitely do Alcatraz at night - it was fun, and different from the day tours.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great value funky hotel	We decided to stay at the Good Hotel based on the proximity to the Bart station and the cost of the room. For a 4 night stay our rate was less than $100 per night compared to $250+ for nearby chain hotels. The lobby and rooms were fun and the service was good. There are some sketchy characters and many homeless people within a block or two of the hotel. But we would definitely go back. Do Not walk down 6th St between Market and Folsom in the evening.Everything you need is a few blocks walking distance. The Bart Station and Market St streetcar are less than two blocks. In addition, there are good restaurants within a few blocks. Checkout Basil for Thai, Extreme Pizza or Rocco's for breakfast. All are on Folsom just south of the hotel.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great eco friendly hotel!	I stayed at the Good Hotel for just under a week and would highly recommend it. Aside from it been an 'eco' hotel which is great in itself it is a well stylized comforatable, clean and hip hotel. The only pitfall is perhaps the neighborhood, SoMA, not the nicest after dark but I wandered around alone and didn't feel particularly threatend, just a lot of rather nutty homeless people. Really good value for money, highly recommend it.	
Oct 2 2009 	a great time at the goodhotel	we had a great time at goodhotel. were in town for the folsom street fair, so the location was perfect for us. had no problems whatsoever with street people. felt totally safe and secure in the tower.the hotel's vibe and aesthetic are groovy &amp; fun.really loved the room. it was immaculate, comfy, and suited our needs perfectly. the bed was quite comfortable, the water pressure in the shower was amazing, the changeable artwork was a great idea, and the books we found in the bookcase were better than the ones we left behind.the toilet sink was so cool! of all the pictures i took on our trip, those are the ones people keep asking about. i also like the idea of being able to opt out of daily linen change.the hotel staff were perhaps the most courteous &amp; efficient i've ever encountered. also the best looking. the only drawbacks for us were that breakfast isn't included, and the photobooth doesn't tell you how much it costs ($5, which is a bit steep) until you start feeding money into it.we will definitely be staying at goodhotel again, and would not hesitate to recommend it to others seeking no-frills lodging in a central location.	
Sep 27 2009 	Good Hotel Bad Neighborhood	I was very pleased with the Good Hotel overall. Arrived on an unusually warm day in San Francisco; they had pitchers of iced water with lemon and cucumber in the lobby. Staff extremely friendly but also safety-conscious -- they wouldn't give me any information about my friend, who had already checked in, until she showed up at the front desk and gave them the go-ahead. The property was clean, the room smelled nice, the toiletries were nice, the beds very comfortable (if you like a firm bed, which I do). Furnishings are IKEA-like, but that gave the room a clean, spacious, modern feel. Shutters on the windows a nice touch. Fascinating toilet ... a wee faucet turns on automatically for you to wash your hands afterwards, and your soapy water runs into the tank for the next flush. I have the feeling that this innovation is going to be the norm in another few years, but this was the first time I'd seen it! Can imagine it would be a great incentive for children to wash their hands.The location would be convenient - near BART, City Hall, the Asian Art Museum, all the streetcars on Market St., easy walking distance to the cable car turnaround - if the city would do something about the homeless population. I was mortified to walk around with my Australian friend, who had never seen anything like it. I hated to have her see America as a place where all these poor souls who clearly need to be in hospitals or institutions have fallen thru the cracks of our frayed social safety net and are living on the streets. Oh, well, I guess truth hurts. The unintelligible shouting beneath our windows kept us awake, the stench of urine in the exterior corners of most buildings made walking to the streetcar a punishment, and the constant sense of menace from filthy people who were obviously not in their right minds was most uncomfortable.I do not recommend this hotel to anyone traveling alone, particularly females.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great Rates - Great Value	The good hotel provides exactly what you need for you visit in SF - lovely room with TV, bathroom, telephone and coffee/tea. The reception guys are great and even parking! All for a very good price for a double room in SF. Location is good - the trains/underground is 2 minutes from the hotel, and within 15minutes walk you are in Union Square. The neighborhood near the hotel was not scary for us at all. On the contrary - there are now a few bars and restaurants 2 blocks away (ask the reception about the lovely Asian restaurant nearby).The only problem we had is that the room we got included a window facing the street. They changed it to a 2nd floor room - much better and should be noted in advance when you make a booking.	
Sep 12 2009 	Excellent value for money	Excellent value for the money. Location within walking distance of Union Square. Clean rooms, of acceptable size. Free WiFi. Room had double-pane windows, but at times we could still hear some noise from the street. On-site parking was quite expensive ($20 + tax/night). The neighborhood looks OK during the day, but after dark there are a lot of strange looking but harmless, apparently homeless, people around.	
Sep 7 2009 	Perfect for the purpose	I stayed at The Good Hotel for two nights as I was just making a quick trip to San Francisco before going elsewhere in the U.S to see friends. I found the hotel staff to be very courteous and helpful from the Reception Supervisor to the cleaning staff and it was also conveniently located. If you don't feel like pizza, there's a burger place across the street at the Americania Hotel and they do nice breakfasts as well as the other meals. My room was spacious and scrupulously clean. I especially liked the little message on the ceiling - when I turned the light out at bed time, I found the words 'good night' looking at me from the ceiling above the bed in luminous lettering not visible while the light was on - I thought that was cute. I like the bathroom products supplied also. In the area immediately surrounding the hotel, there were a number of what seemed to be homeless people which made me a little uncomfortable but I was never unsafe. Both check-in and check-out were conducted very quickly and efficiently. I'd stay here again.	
Sep 2 2009 	Good Hotel ..... Not So Good !	Hotel Staff was pleasant enough and initially the place seemed okay. Things went downhill quickly though upon being eaten alive by Bed Bugs !!! I have been traveling for business 25 years and this is the first time I have encountered Bed Bugs ... disturbing, the hotel was not very concerned with it when told so I promptly checked out and relocated to a more reputable hotel. The neighborhood, although seemingly in a revitalization period, was somewhat scary, and I travel all over the world and am in many big cities. There were a few good restaurants about but a nervous walk after sundown. Overall I cannot recommend this property.	
Aug 26 2009 	Pretty damn good	The Good Hotel staff, first and foremost, were fabulous. We arrived roughly two hours before check-in and they accomodated our needs happily. Definately take the parking package deal so you don't end up paying unreasonable rates. Yes, you'll notice when you get there, that there are a ton of street people. They are basically harmless and once you get onto Market (two blocks away), they disperese. Super safe neighborhood close to the BART, China Town, North Beach, and SOMA. Go.	
Aug 17 2009 	Excellent experience and value	I wish I could find a hotel like this everywhere I stay.Aside from a short wait to check in and out at the front desk, I had no complaints. I was satisfied with my clean, well-designed, and relatively quiet room, and I was treated with as much courtesy as I would expect at a more expensive hotel. The socially conscious agenda of the hotel was not the main draw for me, but it was certainly welcome.While the neighborhood is convenient to public transportation and many appealing areas, it has a significant population of homeless and mentally handicapped people. This is probably not the hotel for those who are afraid of seeing such people on the street and occasionally being asked for money, but for urban dwellers like myself who are used to that, it shouldn't be a problem.	
Aug 15 2009 	bedbugs	The concept of this hotel is wonderful, and it's well-located. But the management and staff don't seem to have a coherent way of dealing with problems such as, in my case, a room that was infested with bedbugs.	
Aug 11 2009 	Good Hotel but but neighborhood	The hotel is great, small but very nice rooms, with a lot of details and well decorated, people are nice, and stay there is very confortable. We paid USD 65 daily, was a great deal and you can walk to most part of the city, take the BART and local bus and trains. The only problem are the homeless people, they are everywere in the surronding area, giving a very bad sensation of security, also that are same strange guys who are not homeless, but looks dangerous. Altough, I would stay there again.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great Hotel in a nearly downtown location	We stayed there for three nights and were delighted. It's easy to reach from the airport with public transport and only 10 minutes walking distance from Union Square. The rooms are clean with every amenity necessary (ironing equ., safe, coffee making facilities and free WiFi &amp; local calls). The staff is very friendly and helpful. We haven't used the opportunity to swim in the pool of the Best Western across the road or eaten in the restaurant, but we took the offer to take the two hotels' bikes for a day - for free!	
Aug 3 2009 	Gooooood Hotel	My partner and I loved the hotel. The design of the room and the hotel is great and it's located very close to the shopping area. The room had everything we needed but don't expect big rooms if you choose one with a double bed (this bedtype is quite small).The area is nod the best but I was never afraid. We ate at the good pizza and were satisfied and we ate at the customized burger place across the street which was very good. The breakfast at the Good Pizza is good but don't expect a lot. The staff is very friendly and with the carpackage we payed only around 80 $ a night. We would defenitly stay there again.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Value Fun Property Highly Recommended	When traveling to San Francisco, there really is only one extreme or the other; going on a budget, or going all out. If you're looking for luxury, high-end, and top-of-the line, you are better plunking down that $150+ at a place like the W, Clift, Four Seasons, or Ritz Carlton. If you are looking for great value, but still feel comfortable, safe, and fun, the Good Hotel can not be beat. Granted, the name gets a laugh whenever I tell people I'm staying at the Good Hotel. I arrived by car (was dropped off by a friend), as I needed to spend a night in the city, but did not feel the need to splurge since I was traveling alone. As you'll see other reviews debate, the location is not AMAZING. It's not Union Square, it's not Fisherman's Wharf, but it is SAFE. There are still plenty of restaurants, shops, and attractions nearby, and the area is very populated that you would never feel like you were going to find yourself in a sticky situation. Those that write they were scared of the area or the people apparently grew up very sheltered; no matter where you go in San Francisco, there are homeless, and there are people asking for money. Quite honestly, I had more concerning encounters staying in the Union Square area than I did at the Good Hotel.Having said that, the location is very convenient. It's within two blocks of the Civic Center BART station, which can get you just about anywhere in town very quickly. There are some amazing buildings around the Good Hotel (as close as across the street), and much to admire. Check-in at the Good Hotel was quick and simple. I booked online for a very reasonable rate (under $100), and was given my room keys, and quick run-down of the property, and details on how to work the free wifi. In the lobby is a conveniently located soda machine, snack machine, and a photo booth. For $5 it may be a little pricey to do the photo booth, but a ton of fun! My friend who visited me took photos, and you are given two copies (many guests post their photos in the lobby, and it's fun to see all the different faces).The common area is nicely decorated with colorful sofas and plasma TVs. I was directed to my room by the front desk agent, and was staying in the courtyard area (overlooking the parking lot, which is very convenient if you drive). The room, while not huge, was spacious enough for two people (one bed), and included two nightstands, a dresser, cozy little work area, closet, and bathroom. The flat-screen TV was easy to work, and had a nice selection of channels. The wifi, also, was simple to work, and great for being free. Free tea in the room was a nice touch, and quite honestly, I found the room very cozy and functional for my stay. The bathroom, while tiny, never felt cramped, and the shower had a neat little dispenser for shampoo, conditioner, and shower gel (all nice smelling products).I opted to grab a quick dinner at Good Pizza, connected to the lobby. I was able to get a 9&quot; pizza, drink, and two cookies for under $15. While those eating there looked to be hotel guests (and many appeared to be from other countries), the service was quick, prompt, and FRIENDLY. The pizza was very delicious, too. I was told the restaurant also delivers directly to the room, though I enjoyed eating in the large area. I really enjoyed my dinner, and went for a walk to the BART station around 8:30pm (returned back via bus around 10:00pm). Again, I never felt uncomfortable or threatened in the area, and I'm a very small person traveling alone. I returned to my room and enjoyed eating a snack while overlooking the parking lot (a few other guests in this courtyard were standing out on the walkway having a drink or chatting, and it was a very inviting atmosphere). The property is not loud at all, even for being right on the street (and having a room overlooking the street). Everything at the Good Hotel was great, and the in-room amenities, especially for the price, can not be beat (great AC system, though I wish the remote was not attached to the wall).If you are in San Francisco and looking to travel on a budget, this is a great great choice. Don't let the other reviews about location deter you, enjoy the nice property and convenience, and remember traveling in a big city comes with its share of different people from different cultures. Additionally, take advantage of the lobby area; there were two new iMac computers, with easy to use internet, word processing, and printing. Made a quick look on Google Maps for directions, or e-mail check nice (and fun to use).	
Jul 27 2009 	Prepare to Talk to your Friend or Have your Laptop	If you're going to book, confirm what size the beds are. We assumed based on the pictures, we were going to get some double beds but instead had booked twin sized beds. TV also didn't work. Despite calling it in, the technician promised to us never appeared. It's a great hotel despite the minor problems we had.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great starting point to enjoy San Francisco	I've never been to San Francisco, but after a lot of reading and a good deal on Orbitz, we decided on the Good Hotel due to its location in the downtown part of the city, thinking it would be fairly central to everything we wanted to see. Arrived from the airport on the BART train with no problem, from the Civic Center Station which I believe is 5th street, it was a short but very colorful walk. There are a lot of bums and homeless looking individuals in the area - people sleeping on the ground, pushing shopping carts filled with stuff, arguing with benches... Initially, I felt very uncomfortable dragging my suitcase to the hotel, I felt like we screamed &quot;target.&quot; However, once I got used to the scene (and dropped off the luggage) I never felt unsafe, but def had an awareness about who was around me at all times. There are all kinds of shops - liquor stores, delis, pawn shops, strip clubs, fast food - in the area between 7th and 4th. Once you hit 4th and on up to 3rd, its a different vibe...lots of shopping and tourists, street performers, restaurants, etc. My husband said it was like a needle skipping off a record once you crossed over to 4th st heading to 5th, haha!The Good Hotel itself is very cool. The lobby always had a friendly and helpful person out front. There is a space for lounging in the lobby, with 3 TVs to watch, but they seemed to play the same DVDs over and over again - some sort of sea life show, another I can't remember, and Puppy Party, which is a show featuring cute puppies frolicking...and that's all it's about....all puppies, all the time. There is a picture booth to take your photo and post on a communal cork board, showing other visitors who have stayed. The age of people at the hotel was varied from young singles and backpackers to older travelers to couples and people with families. Internet access is available for a charge, 2 nice Macs in the lobby. There is a smoking patio out back of the lobby, and it seemed a to be a gathering place for a lot of folks.The hotel - lobby, hallways, rooms - is painted very neat. Lots of blues, yellows and greens, and everything was very clean. You can tell the building is old, but a lot of time has been spent remodeling to give it a very hip feel. The hotel uses recycled/reclaimed materials as much as possible.Our room had 2 twin beds, which may seem unusual as a couple, but it was the best price. In room iron, tea/coffee set, safe, writing desk, a bin for recycling. The shower and toilet are together, it's a small space, but it works. There was a retractable clothing line in the shower for hanging laundry if needed. And there are soap/shampoo/conditioner dispensers in shower. The toilet has a small basin and spigot on the back. It took us a bit to figure it out, but I think the purpose is....after you flush, the toilet tank fills with clean water...the clean water comes out of the spigot, you can wash your hands, then the water drains from the basin into the tank to fill the toilet, getting 2 uses out of one round of water. That is our best guess anyway, haha! The actual sink and faucet are outside the bathroom, in the sleeping area. Some other reviews mentioned that they didn't like that, but it was no big deal to us. The beds were comfortable and had several comfy pillows on them. There was a flatscreen TV with cable and in-room movies available. We were on the 3rd floor. We left the bathroom window open at night for some cool air, and was never bothered by street noise. Our second day there, the person next to us had a dog in her room, which we heard barking in the morning, but it was not too loud. Overall, the room reminded me of a dorm in its layout and space, but it was so much more than that thanks to a hip look and laid back atmosphere.There is a restaurant attached through the lobby, Good Pizza. We did not try it as we saw someone sneeze and not wash her hands, and then turn around and serve food. We did cross the street to a sister hotel, the Americania Hotel, and enjoyed a fantastic burger at Custom Burger. The Americania also has a very cool bar, with service that was excellent. Glad we found it, after sightseeing all day and a dodgy neighborhood at night, it was but a 30 second walk to get a cocktail. Hopping a bus or trolley was no problem, and all major sites were no more than 15 minutes away. Use the public transport system, it's cheaper, efficient and you will meet some very interesting people. We met an opera singer, that doesn't happen in a taxi.San Francisco is a fantastic city, and the Good Hotel is great starting point to enjoy it!	
Jul 10 2009 	Great value unique eco-freindly/trendy in SOMA	I was referred to this hotel by a friend that stayed there a few years back with it was the Brighton. Its been fully upgraded with trendy basics. It's not the Ritz but for the money a comfortable value. The company that owns this, JDV has several other properties in the area including two Best Westerns on the same street and pride them selves as being a great corporate citizen which they achieve. This hotel is dedicated to volunteerism and I applaud their efforts. &quot;Good&quot; as in good for the environment, the body, the soul and diversity. The rooms are of average size, nice bathrooms, while not luxurious; they are big enough to turn around in with bumping into something. Environmentally friendly amenities, in room safe, Ikea style furnishings. The inscription on the wall says &quot;be good&quot; and on the ceiling when you go to bed there a glow in the dark &quot;good night&quot; to send you on to sweet dreams. Staff is friendly and helpful, my only very minor complaint is that the housekeepers make the beds military tight, you could bounce a quarter off of them but for a tall guy that wants to be fully covered its a chore getting the covers to loosen up. With a rate of less than $80 plus tax, parking is $22 (free if your driving a hybrid), this is a value. The neighborhood can be a little iffy at night as it's close to the tenderloin and there are a lot of homeless and panhandlers. There are some good restaurants for dinner down on Folsom, just a few blocks away. Breakfast and Lunch can be a little more difficult. The &quot;Good&quot; Restaurant in the hotel was not that &quot;good&quot; - the pzza was less than what I would expect out of the supermarket frozen section, also unkept and the tables were all dirty.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Find!!	Located in the SOMA district, this eco-friendly hotel was immaculately decorated, and very conveniently located. You can walk to Folsom and Market Streets, Union Square, and easily catch the F streetcar line to the Castro. Lots of great eateries around the property and the parking is great with in/out privileges for only $20/night. It's also very close to the highway so easy access to GG Bridge, SF airport, and more. Rooms are smaller than normal but you never feel cramped and they have free wifi!!	
Jul 6 2009 	The Not GOOD Hotel	If you want to sleep with BED BUGS, then by all means, book a night at the good hotel. My husband and I checked in last week on our first night of vacation. We woke in the middle of the night to a bed full of BED BUGS...I was covered in bites and we killed a few of the bugs ourselves. This is completely unacceptable for a hotel. We had to switch rooms at 1:00 in the morning and ended up checking out 2 days early. We had booked through American Express, so there was not much the hotel could do for us, so I can't speak to that point. They didn't seem too apologetic or concerned though. The room itself looked cool and trendy, and we booked the hotel for their eco-friendly advertisements, but on a closer inspection, everything just seemed a little dirty even before we found the bugs. Also, they advertise about the great location...however, we found it to be out of the way, although a few blocks from the bart, was not convenient at all, there was nothing nearby in terms of food (aside from their own restaurant), not even a drug store to buy a bottle of water and we found that the area was a bit sketchy (and we live in NYC, so that's saying a lot coming from NYers). I was very disappointed, it seemed like a great concept for a hotel, just didn't deliver. Stay at the Hotel Monaco instead! They were awesome!	
Jun 28 2009 	Cool comfy and convenient	I think the Good Hotel is one of the more comfortable and accommodating places we've stayed in all of California. Little things, like the i-pod dock, made it a really comfy place to stay. We were always happy to spend a couple of hours chilling in our room each afternoon because it was so pleasant. It's ridiculously convenient. We felt like we were in the centre and were able to use busses, trolleys and trains so get everywhere quickly. We never had to go into the centre and out again. And, yes there are a few homeless folk hanging about. But this is San Francisco... there are homeless people all over the city. No one ever bothered or hassled us. We never felt unsafe. And the hotel was always staffed and secure. Finally, it took us a few days to find the best local breakfast and evening drinking spots - I really recommend walking to Folson Street. It's an easy walk and a lot nicer than the guide books make out. The breakfast options are good, the city beer bar is brilliant and there is a funky wine bar too.	
Jun 25 2009 	Really nice	I stayed at this hotel for seven nights in june, and I was 90% happy.The rooms are nice and clean, maybe a bit sparsely furnished.The staff is very nice and helpful.The only problem I had was that I got a room in the courtyard, and there was no insulation around the door, so it could get a bit noisy and cold in the room, but at least there was air-conditioning in the room, so the temperature could be dealt with.I forgot my cap when I checked out, but after calling the hotel to let them know, they promptly shipped it to me.I definitely would stay there again, but I'd go for a room in the &quot;tower&quot;.	
Jun 19 2009 	great hotel	Stayed here with a friend for five nights. Only hesitation I had in booking this hotel was the location, having read other reviews on this site about the area. Yes, there are &quot;street people&quot; around the area, and a lot of boarded up stores with one or two sex shops on Market Street. However, I never felt unsafe. Nobody ever asked me for money (except in the more touristy section of Market Street!) or hassled me in any way. If you don't mind a bit of a walk (and if your going to San Fran you should be expecting to walk!), or if you plan on bussing it, this is a great location for the price. And make sure you try the pizza downstairs!	
Jun 18 2009 	Quirky - great stay	We ended up with a twin bed room... which did look like a students bedroom (without the mess!). It was really clean, quirky and it definitely grew on us. Great service from the front desk, comfortable beds and nice room. Location was close to buses, street cars etc. few dodgy characters not far from the hotel.. but its a big city so you are going to get those anyway!	
Jun 13 2009 	Great value - pleasant surprise	The Good Hotel is well located, near market street. There are some reviews that refer to the area being sketchy however as long as you stick to the main busy streets at night it is prefectly fine. I never felt unsafe in the area. We had booked a room with 2 double beds and the room and bathroom were both HUGE. Everything in the room was clean and in good condition, although the smell of recycled pine timber from the beds was quite strong, but no big deal. Despite being located on a reasonably busy road, the room was quiet. Over our stay we dealt with a number of different people at the front desk and they were helpful and courteous at all times. Instead of the pizza cafe on the grond level, it would have been great if that was a cafe, but if you need food there is a farmers market only a few streets away. For San Francisco, this hotel is excellent value and if you are visiting as a tourist, union square and transport options are so close. I was very happy with my stay here and would book this hotel again if I returned to SFO.	
Jun 8 2009 	Unexpectedly Good	This was a treat! Seventh Street isn't necessarily the greatest location, having a colorful local crowed but harmless enough for those that have travelled. A friend recommended it and it was a delight. Clean, reasonable sized rooms (I wasn't there to hang out in my room), friendly staff and parking for $20 a night right outside the door (not valet so you could still use the car without waiting!). Close to Market Street (so public transport) and a few blocks from Union Square I thought this was a great location for the price. Only one downside, the TV reception wasn't very good (but I wasn't there to watch TV either). Loved the whole eco thing. Definite winner.	
May 21 2009 	Great eco-friendly hotel!	I was hesitant about staying in a place that used recycled materials for their rooms, but I was impressed at how great the rooms were. They're not too big but you don't feel cramped in the rooms and they're clean which is most important. It's reasonable priced and close to the shopping center/restaurants/and bars. I'd definitely go back!	
May 18 2009 	We found bedbugs in our bed	To wake up to find bed bugs in your bed and have your blood on the sheets is about the grossest thing you can imagine and that is exactly what happened. To make matters worse, when we told the staff we were moving hotels because of it, while they are pleasant there was no attempt to discount the price or help us make sure our baggage, etc. was cleaned thoroughly. We had to pay the full price for the room and nothing in the way of cleaning the clothes, etc. was offered. Which also means that upon returning home we had clean everything and go over it, a real pain. I understand bedbugs can happen but hey, if they do, help your customers out!	
May 15 2009 	Super Good Hotel	Eco-friendly hotel, exceptional conditions. Super clean and trendy. European Style. Rooms are not huge but they are comfortable. Excellent Location, a few blocks from Market Street which is the main street to get all over the city. The hotel has a pizzeria as well, however, right accross the street you have Cafe 98, a cafeteria that opens early for breakfast and it serves lunch as well. Prices are cheaper and food is fresh and good, given the fact that San Francisco is not a cheap city.If you have any questions, Steve at the front desk could be your best friend, he knows it all and will help you at all times, GOOD EMPLOYEE.Dont miss the IRISH COFFEE from Buena Vista Cafe accross the Ghirardelli Square and obviously dont miss the Ghirardelli Icecream!!!!	
Apr 26 2009 	A refreshing experience and one of the trendiest hotels we've been to.	The set up of the hotel was awesome. It is a eco-friendly hotel with a real sweet set up. It is playful and sexy, it makes you want to be naked and one with nature, lol. You feel like you're getting all the amenities the city has to offer for a great price, and location. There is also a pizzeria attached to it, so you can get late night grub if you want to stay in with your honey.	
Apr 22 2009 	Gosh darn Good Hotel	First my knowledge of SF getting around wise is very limited as I've only been down there a few times. So as a result I was a bit worried reading the reviews of where the hotel is located. Let me tell you that if you walk with your head held high like you belong there and don't start stuff you'll be ok. How do I know or figure? Because on two occasions at night I was stopped by tourists asking me for directions. What you see on the hotels website is exactly what you get. Honest! No joke! I was really surprised because often times hotels do what I call the bait and switch. Show the fancy room online and give you something totally different and lesser in person. I found the room to be clean upon check in and throughout the trip. The front desk was helpful when I needed assistance and the lobby was fun and clean. I should mention also that at night they lock the doors in the lobby and you have to be buzzed in and then use your room key to call for the elevator. So security wise this hotel is pretty spot on as far as the main hotel building goes. The courtyard is a motel type set up but still nice. I do plan on staying here again and have already booked a stay for the 4th of July weekend with the honey. The appx rate for that weekend? About 90 usd a night :) And no that was not from their website but they matched the rate from another site. Shop and travel smart folk!	
Apr 21 2009 	Incredible Value in San Francisco!	I stayed at the Good Hotel for four nights in April. I booked through the Joie de Vivre website (this is a part of the JDV chain) and got a spring special: 30% off a stay of 4 nights or more. JDV often offers this type of special, so it's useful to check their website when booking.The hotel is very conveniently located at 7th and Mission, literally one block from the Civic Center BART station 7th Street entrance. I took BART from the airport and walked less on the street from BART than I had walked within the airport to get to BART. I was also able to use BART and MUNI for all my movement, so never had to rent a car. I also love the SOMA (South of Market) neighborhood - I know that people have commented on the homeless, the noise and the general feel of the are. What many visitors don't understand is what an incredibly vibrant neighborhood this is - with the gourmet Urban Harvest market just two blocks away, many of the hippest restaurants and nightclubs in San Francisco within walking distance and it's affordable housing make this a young and energetic area. As to the homeless and the noise levels, you'll find these anywhere in SF - its not noticeable in the high-rise hotels downtown, but there you'll pay three or four times the amount for a room of the same size. Personally, I love SOMA and am so glad that there is an affordable high quality option here now!Check in was effortless - I received the exact room I booked, a queen bed room on the &quot;courtyard&quot;. This is really a room overlooking the parking lot - don't get any ideas of park benches and trees! But the room was easily accessible and I never had to wait for an elevator (I noticed only one elevator for the main building of the hotel, so I imagine that can cause some waiting from time to time). The lobby is hip and modern - and furnished in reclaimed furniture or furniture made from reclaimed materials. There is a photo booth there where you can have a strip of four photos taken - and a cork wall where you pin up your photos. My room wasn't immediately ready, but I was offered a bottle of water by the clerk as she located a clean room for me.A few minutes later I was in the room - simply furnished, but comfortable for the most part. The bed was made from reclaimed wood, the bedspread from 65% recycled soda bottles (!) and unusable fabrics and there were many other such eco-friendly touches in the room and hotel. The bathroom was small but efficient - and had some very nice touches - there is a bead board wainscoting, which adds an elegant touch to the feel of the room. Nice bright colors and (my favorite aspect of the room) artwork made from reclaimed venetian blinds - with a different scene on each side of the blinds, so one could change the art with the pull of a chain. Very innovative and fun!I ordered room service twice, both times from the hotel's gourmet pizza restaurant - it's well priced (for gourmet pizza) and incredibly good. Very nice food quality (try the potato bacon pizza with gorgonzola sauce) and delivered right to your room.There were a few negatives, but nothing to make me complain to management or to hesitate about staying here again: 1. There was only one outlet visible in the room - and two lamps were plugged into it, making it unusable. I finally located two more outlets - behind the dresser! So I had to pull the dresser out from the wall and reach behind to plug in my laptop. Inconvenient and not thought out.2. Because of the difficulty I had in plugging in my laptop, I charged my cellphone using the bathroom outlet my first night there. And in the morning it was dead: the light switch turns the outlet off in the bathroom, so it died in the middle of the night while I thought it was charging. I plugged it into a wall outlet (with some maneuvering behind the dresser) for the remainder of the trip.3. There is no desk or table of any size in the room - just a tiny side table entirely taken up by a table lamp and a fold-down contraption attached to the wall - at a stand-up height. They provide a stool, but it is constructed of steel rods and terribly uncomfortable when clothed in just gym shorts or some such garment - so one of the bath towels had to be folded into a cushion until it was needed again as a towel!4. And the only coffee service in the room was instant coffee with an electric hotpot. This was surprising in such a hip hotel - they offer upscale amenities (Lather soaps and shampoo) and I would have expected a decent in-room coffee service as well.But these four minor issues are more than mitigated by the location, the affordability and the high quality of the rest of the furnishings and accommodations. This is a true gem and I hope they stay affordable - it's tough to find inexpensive quality accommodations in San Francisco and this is the best I've found yet, and it's eco-friendly to boot!	
Apr 17 2009 	Clean fresh friendly hip	Great hotel for the young, urban guest. Very hip, eco-friendly hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the room was clean and comfortable - though this is a no-frills hotel. Only cons were the slightly dodgy neighborhood and the noisy outdoor street life. Loved the eco-friendly toilet. Bed was very small (a double for two people). Look at the ceiling after you turn off the lights for a nice surprise. There's a great place to eat (organic grocery store/cafeteria) around the corner at 8th south of Minna, we ate half our meals there- Urban Harvest Market or something like that. We walked in without reservations and got a fantastic rate.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great location--but noisy	We stayed one night at the Good Hotel at the end of March. It was a Saturday night, and our room was in the courtyard area, second floor. The tidy room had unique, simple decor. If you're reading this, you already know that the Good Hotel markets itself as eco-friendly. We agree with this assertion. The BART station is within walking distance, as are the Westfield shopping center on Market Street and the cable car turnabout. Parking was free because we drove a hybrid, otherwise it's about $20.As for the negatives, the street is kind of noisy (at least from the courtyard rooms) and the walls are quite thin--we heard things we'd just as soon forget coming from both neighboring rooms.Next time we'll request a room in the tower and see if our luck changes.	
Apr 8 2009 	The Good Hotel is truly Good.	I stayed at The Good Hotel during my entire Spring Break with my boyfriend after a friend recommended the place.First of all, is is affordable for people on a budget. Book through their website and get a discount for staying multiple days!! As for the clientele, there were always stylish young/middle aged businessmen and tourists alike coming in and out of the elevators. The neighborhood is truly sketchy (even by our standards, and we're from another city), but we were never bothered by anyone on the street at night.The rooms were very clean, and very simply furnished. Some people have been exaggerating how small the rooms are; there is more than enough room for two people to move around! The style distinctly reminds one of a room in a IKEA catalog. One can request to have a mini refridgerator brought up to one's room free of charge. And, there is free wi-fi!The service at the front desk is average, but the Asian housekeepers are VERY nice. There is parking, and one can arrange for them to put one's bikes into safekeeping.	
Apr 6 2009 	Loved it!!	We stayed at the Good Hotel for 4 nights in Feb and loved it. It was convenient for public transport, a good value, and cute as can be. It was close to bus stops, Bart stations, rest's, the rental car place. Worked out great for us.It is right near the center of the city - so if you are a scardy cat ...maybe not the place for you. We walked comfortably at all times of day and night - but we are tough :)The free wi-fi helped us plan our trip day by day, look for the public transport we needed, etc...They let us check in early and late so it worked great for our plane times.Would definitely go back again.	
Mar 14 2009 	such a refreshing change	Excellant hotel with great reception staff(Cindi)They print off your own days out sheetFree wifiIts so nice to stay in real hotels and not soulless like &quot;W&quot; hotelsIm airline staff and stayed in 1000,s of hotels	
Mar 12 2009 	Liked the room people working there location - very close	Just like I said, very close to everything, very nice people working, nice rooms, perfect size of the room, I only slept there b/c other times we were exploring the city. We went to many different Irish pubs, listened to jazz, and enjoyed everyday different food. We also took trips to Napa (wine country) ps. get the trips from the hotel, a little cheaper then online. Go see the Golden Gate Bridge on your own, it takes around an hour from the hotel, take the bus. Travel by yourself to many places, it is easy to get around. We were coming home every night around 2am, and were never scared. What else, I loved it. Everything was perfect, and yes we took those pictures. Go and enjoy it. It was my favorite trips in the USA.	
Mar 3 2009 	Another Joire de Vivre gem!	Every Joire de Vivre hotel I stay at I love...and no, I don';t work for them. This hotel is minimalist but the price is super cheap for San Francisco. I also LOVE that it is all aout helping the environment, including bed frames made from repurposed wood and free parking for those of us who own hybrid vehicles. It is incredibly clean and the staff is super friendly and helpful. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 26 2009 	Got a great discount room was very good.	Me and my friend were planning to take a 4 day trip to San Francisco. We`d already booked another hotel, but not for one night, and then she found this discount: 59 USD per night for a twin bed. When we arrived at the room, we could not have been more satisfied: very clean and comfortable, good TV, small but efficient bathroom (sink is outside the bathroom). The only thing that lacked was a refrigerator, but it isn`t an essencial item.Staff is very competent and helpful. The maids are chinese, and every time we came back to the room it was very clean and neat.The bad point is that at the apartment`s rooms there was no room temperature control, so the heat was always on, and I sweat a lot, so it wasn`t a good combination. And to use the internet service at the business center, there is a fee of 4,95 USD for 10 minutes only. So be sure to bring your wi-fi compatible device (there is free wi-fi acess in the room).About the location, it is located one street away from Market Street (and about 4 blocks from Union Square and cable car) so there`s a lot of homeless, but if you just blend in and do not fear them, it`s not going to bem a problem. As I live in Brazil, I`m kind used to it hehe.	
Feb 13 2009 	Excelent Hotel	I truly can’t wait to stay at the Good Hotel again. The accommodations for the price I paid were amazing. A number of reviews by other guest suggested the neighborhood was rough, but I’d disagree. The location of the Good Hotel is not right in the middle of all the shops and nightlife so it’s not going to be as polished, busy or as populated with retail businesses as some areas, but it is within a very short walk to San Francisco’s Union Square. The hotel is also just two blocks from the Civic Center BART station. I think it’s a great location and premium hotel at a very budget-friendly price.If you stay here be sure to check out Custom Burger across the street, and Good Pizza in the street level of the Good Hotel.	
Feb 3 2009 	I've enjoyed my stay	When I was booking this hotel, I was hesitating because of reviews I read here on TripAdvisor, talking badly and scaryly about the location, mentioning lots of &quot;scary&quot; homeless.... Well, hopefully I didn't listen too much to those reviews, which I've found mostly exagerated.Yes, San Francisco is the homeless capital and yes, South Market district is not like the Financial area or Fisherman Wharf. There are homeless, some people talking to themself, some asking for coins... but from there to have felt uncomfortable, well, it would be too much. Just ignore them and you're fine. Watch your belonging as in every big city, but overall lots of people are living there, people go to the gym, people staying in other hotels... Plus you can tell Soma is changing, lots of new buildings, nice condos...Location is actually good to explore the city. Bart stop at 5 minutes from the hotel. You can walk to Powell street in 10 minutes. Theater district very close too. Lots of bus and streetcar on Market street and Mission.You'll feel in this hotel like in one of those family hotel, small, cozy but pretty. Everything has been renovated recently. Carpets, bathroom, all new. My room was not very big, but apparently bigger than others. And it was in a corner, very quiet, facing the Federal building and Mission. Nice tv, very comfortable bed. Just be careful to book this hotel in summer, as there is no air conditioning and my bathroom was already very warm in January as it is exposed to the sun all afternoon... So good for January but later on... don't know...Front desk lady that checked me in was very helpful and very kind. As I left very early in the morning and Bart was still closed, she booked me a shuttle service for only 16$. The shuttle was in perfect time, even few minutes early, and this is the last hotel it stops by, so in 20 minutes I was at the airport.Overall a good experience. Certainly if you're looking for 5 stars service, then book something else, but here value was good.	
Jan 19 2009 	A Budget Hotel with Style	My friend and I (both of us are 65) just spent a great three days in San Francisco. We only live about an hour away, but sometimes it's fun not to have to go home at night. We loved the Good Hotel. It's minimalist, but has everything you need, along with some charming touches (like the glow in the dark &quot;Good Night&quot; on the ceiling, and the bright cuckoo clocks that parody the expensive hotels with their clocks showing the time in Zurich or wherever). The staff is friendly and efficient. The rooms are comfortable, as are the beds. The pizza at Good Pizza in the building is great. It's only a block from BART. Yes, you will probably pass some sad people who may or may not be homeless. They won't accost you - just use common sense and kindness. Right now and into March, you can get rooms here for a great rate! I'll be back.	
Dec 8 2008 	Great Budget Hotel	Yes the area isn't Union Square but this is probably one of the best budget hotels in San Francisco. The entire hotel was recently gutted and completely remodeled. I usually stay at other properties on 7th St but they were all sold out for a citywide convention that was in town so I decided to try this hotel out.I got a $99 rate and I think the hotel was worth that price. I was in the main hotel building, not the motel-style set-up next to the main building. The rooms are very small. You basically have the space around the bed to walk around and there isn't a desk (just a small round table - see pics, the table is in front of the green chair). Free WiFi is always good. The bed was comfortable and the small flat screen TV on the wall was fine too. It's difficult to find anything wrong with the room itself since everything is brand new. I would recommend this hotel for 1-2 people max in the same room. Any family with kids will need more space. I think it's ideal for the young traveler on a budget.The only things I didn't like are as follows:- No temperature controls. I was there in early December and luckily it was cool at night so I could open the windows as the room was always on the warm side and I like a cool room. Think of your room here as that apartment you lived in where the only way to regulate the temperature was to open or close the windows. If I had been here in the summer or if the nights weren't cool, I would have been uncomfortable. There is a fan in the room but when it was on the chains rattled and the fan was loud. I tried sleeping with it on one night and I would keep waking up because of the noise. - Light: The shutters on the windows look great, but they don't block any light at all. The sun would be streaming into my room and by 8am I just gave up trying to get back to sleep.- Windows open = Cool, but noisy. I live in Chicago off lake shore drive so I am used to the sounds of traffic with the windows open. However, the traffic on that street is LOUD. Trucks backing up and beeping, people yelling, the parking for the hotel was right outside my window. Between the sunlight streaming in and the noise with the window open...I needed to take a nap each day (after sunset) so I would be ready to go out and meet friends in the evening.	
Nov 18 2008 	Loved it!! Central Location!!	The hotel is new, chic, and very stylish! We stayed in a Courtyard Queen room, and it was fabulous and VERY clean! Definately would stay here again when I return to SF. Contrary to other reviewers, my wife and I did not find the neighborhood that &quot;bad&quot; or &quot;sketchy.&quot; SOMA is reinventing itself and just like any big city the area has its share of bums and needy people. We stayed there for 5 days and frequently returned late at night and had to walk 2 short blocks from the F-line and BART to the hotel. Never once were we approached by anyone. When visiting any big city, just maintain your awareness and don't be so afraid of the unfamiliar. The Good Hotel is a gem of a find in a plethora of other name-brand subpar hotels.	
Oct 31 2008 	Bad Location	The hotel is nice. The location is not. I wouldn't stay there again if given the chance. It's rough to walk back at night (I'd say anytime beyone 8 pm). It's only about a two block walk from BART but the station is on a corner frequented by some scary people. We didn't have any confrontations but it was pretty uncomfortable. Once you're in the hotel, it's fine. They have nice decor, the beds are comfortable etc, but if you're planning a stay in San Francisco and have no need to be in this location (SOMA), I would skip this hotel.	
Oct 27 2008 	the good hotel is ok just	date 19 september 2008We arrived at about 10.30p.m to the hotel, i really found that the area was very bad. If I had been on my own or with another female I would have checked out the next day.The Hotel website describes the area as &quot;edgy&quot; it really should be &quot;dodgy&quot;.We had a courtyard room which was ok it was clean and big enough. With one small window does have a feel of a cave. The staff were helpful, there are not a lot of places that you can eat nearby we ended up with a subway from across the street when we got in.Really loved San Francisco and only used the hotel to sleep. would not stay again.	
Oct 20 2008 	Nice place tough location	Not a bad hotel, renovated to be modern and trendy. Flat TVs, WiFi. The downside of the place is that in keeping with the minimal theme, there's really no place to sit in the room besides the bed or a high stool-like chair made from wire. I think the price is a driving factor to stay there. Also, being a block from the BART train to SFO is a good thing.The first room they gave me was an interior one. Avoid it. The one tiny window looked out onto a light well. It'd be hard to know if it was daytime or nighttime in that room.The downside is that most people will be approaching the hotel from Market Street. Lots of street people hang out around there. They don't seem dangerous, but still, it can be unnerving to see people sleeping on the sidewalk of the Federal Building across from the hotel.	
Oct 19 2008 	A good time at a nice little place	We had a very nice stay at the Good Hotel this week. (It is NOT closed for renovation! It is open now.)Not only was the room cute, clean, and affordable, but the housekeeping staff treated us to champagne and strawberries (with dipping chocolate and whipped cream) when they saw our marriage certificate lying out on the dresser!My favorite touches in the room were the vertical blinds hung above the bed that showed Chinatown on one side and a bicycle on the other side and the hidden message &quot;goodnight&quot; on the ceiling (which only shows up when the lights go out).	
Sep 24 2008 	Cute hotel bad location	Just came back from San Fran last week. We toured almost all of Cali from San Diego, Irvine, San Fran &amp; Napa. We loved the hotels we stayed in San Diego &amp; Irvine, Beautiful, good housekeeping and comfy beds. When we arrived at the Good hotel Thurs. night in San Fran and it seemed it was in a bad neighborhood. We had not gotten any dinner and asked the front desk and where to eat. They told us of an Italian place, was not really interested. I wanted to go to the mall, which I heard is near by. He told us it was not a good idea and to beware of the &quot;pockets&quot; alleyways were the homeless, drugged people hang out. OK, So we ended up looking for the Italian and getting lost. We went one block up and that was not a good idea, especially with two small kids. The hotel itself is ok. The rooms look like an Ikea showroom, the furniture was eco-friendly and not comfortable. The y change towels daily, but did not vacuum during our 3 days stay. I know because I stared at crumbs for the 3 days. Gross. The only highlight was the bathroom. The had the dispensers for the shampoo. conditioner, &amp; body wash in the showers.If you're don't mind an OK room and bad neighborhood, then stay at the &quot;Good Hotel&quot;	
Sep 22 2008 	Cute hotel..not so cute neighborhood	Just got back from a weekend in San Francisco and stayed a night at the Good.Pros:Cute eco-friendly clean and renovated room in the courtyard. Had a queen room-was smallish but we were in there just to sleep anyway. Nice flat screen TV on the wall. Soap and shampoo/conditioner dispensers in the bathroom instead of those annoying mini-bottles. New bed with recycled wood headboard. Neat metal drop down table in room rather than desk. Nice lobby with flat screen TVs and a free photo booth. Within 2 blocks of the BART station and 1.5 blocks of the Muni F streetcar line that takes you to Union Square, China Town, and the Wharf. Great price for San Francisco.Cons: Biggest con was the neighborhood. They're clearly trying to revitalize it but it's swarming with drug dealers, beggars, people passed out on the sidewalk, etc. I was ok during the day walking back and forth from the hotel to the trains but I refused to walk at night-we took a cab.Also, the hotel lobby area is still being renovated-so there's no bathroom in the lobby or restaurant; we had to go across the street to use the restroom because our room wasn't ready yet. All and all, I don't know if I'd stay there again because the neighborhood was scary enough to keep me away. But if you aren't bothered by that sort of thing, it's boutique-y and cheap and close to the train lines.	
Nov 6 2009 	Hotel agréable staff sympa services complets. Emplacement moyen.		
Oct 28 2009 	Super Lage und schicke Zimmer		
Oct 23 2009 	Preis-/Leistung gut - nettes Konzept - kleine Zimmer!		
Oct 14 2009 	Preiswert - ganz ok		
Oct 8 2009 	bon hotel accueillant		
Sep 5 2009 	buono l'hotel ma la posizione un po' meno		
Aug 30 2009 	Modern und nett		
Apr 23 2009 	Perfekte Preis-Leistung für junge Leute		
Mar 5 2009 	Bon emplacement		
Oct 8 2008 	hotel refait à neuf		
