	Off the "spooky scary street".	The &quot;spooky, scary street&quot; is what my two kids called the street the hotel is on the corner of. And it is a little frightening... But the hotel is nice. Our room was beautiful and clean. The woman working at the front desk when we checked in and out was, Josette; A lovely French woman who was very nice and helpful. The night staff, was a little less friendly but helpful nonetheless. I forgot to buy plastic forks and spoons for the snacks we had in the room and the desk had someone bring them up for us.I requested a refrigerator for the room (it states it's one of the amenities but you do have to ask for one) and stocked it was PB&amp;J, milk, etc. so that the kids could have breakfast in the room. The hotel only puts out muffins and coffee in the morning so this way the children had something to drink first thing in the morning too.The beds and pillows were really comfy and after all our walking through the city, it was much appreciated. We all slept great especially after relaxing in the hot tub, which could have been hotter but it was still nice.The wireless internet never worked. It did the first day after technical support did something to let me into the network with a password, but it stopped working 24 hours later and I didn't bother to call and have them set it up again. That was a little frustrating since I needed to check times of our activities but since my phone has internet it wasn't that big of a deal for me personally, and their is a computer in the lobby.One thing I didn't notice printed anywhere was that the Best Western directly across the street lets you go to their gym and pool. They also have a bar inside. So during warmer weather you can cross over and utilize their pool. My kids wanted to try it, but the water was not warm enough.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great Place for the Rate	My husband and I ended up staying at this hotel because there was a big conference in town. We initially wanted to get a hotel closer to the tourist attractions; however, due to the conference, none were available. This hotel is pretty far from all the attractions, but it was very nice. The size of the room and bathroom were great (we got one with a king size bed). The continential breakfast was very small, but we did not mind because we wanted to get out an explore anyway. It is pretty close to the Muni stations and the Financial District. We also went to see &quot;Wicked&quot; and learned that the hotel was only blocks from the theater, which was great. There were several restaurants nearby which made it nice. It also had free wireless internet and a computer with printer downstairs that we could use. Overall, we enjoyed our stay here. The only things I did not like was the hotel hairdyer and that the area around the hotel had some sketchy people hanging around.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great hotel for the price	We stayed at the Best Western Carriage in from the 6-10th of Sept 2009 and we had a great experience.The location of the hotel is excellent or horrible depending on how you look at it. On the plus side it is 1 block walk from the Civic Center BART/MUNI station so this offers a cheap alternative to traveling to the hotel from the airport. The hotel is 3-4 blocks from Powell and Market where is the considerable amounts of shopping and the the begining of 2 of the cable car lines. Also the Orpheum Theatre where the musical Wicked is playing is just around the corner. On the down side it is in a seedy part of SoMa area. Our first impression was not a good one when we first saw the amount of homelessness in the area. After a few days we got used to it. Durring the day the area is very safe but durring night I would recomend not walking around the neighbourhood by yourself and take a cab to the hotel.The room was great. The hotel was recently renovated. So there was a new pillowtop matress for the bed, LCD tvs in all rooms and the room was very clean. Sizewise it was not the biggest room, but it was big enough. Pricewise for this close to union square the price was excellent. Since we were staying 4 night we got 30% off the room rate. Also if you will be needing parking the price of $20 a night is quite resonable when you consider the other hotels in the area charge considerable more. Do not rely on having the continental breakfast every morning. It is only muffins and coffee or tea. After the second day of the same lemon cranberry muffin you will want to go else where. The staff was always very helpful, curitious and always met you with a smileOverall we had a great stay at this hotel.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great mattress quiet and centrally location	Great value ($105 + tax) on hotels.comGreat quality value.	
Aug 29 2009 	Highly recommended	Stayed at the Carriage Inn on a recent trip to San Francisco. I will definately be recommending this hotel to my clients (I am a travel agent in Australia). Its fresh, funky and in a good location.The only quams I would have is the noise from above us, but the hotel cannot control people stomping around so i just dealt with it. No bar fridges in the room to keep water in.The room was very nice, the bed was comfortable. I had a room facing in towards the the courtyard with the jaccuzzi and it was very nice to get some fresh air and open the windows.The staff were friendly and very helpful - overall a fantastic experience and I will definately stay there again on my next trip to San Fran.	
Aug 5 2009 	Nice Comfortable and Best Value for your $$$	Stayed for Five Nights.Pros:-comfortable bed!-Decoration-Location (near points of interest)-Free GymCons:-cheap toilet paper-Free Wi-Fi, my phone tethering internet was faster...The hotel isn't located in the prettiest location of SF, there's a lot of bums and drug junkies but it doesn't matter if you are with someone, wouldn't recommend it for a single person.You have market street one block away, which is convenient because there's a mall and the MUNI cable car very close. TIPS:for breakfast you have two options near, The Good Food (right on the corner) or Subway (across the street), at the good place you can get oatmeal or a Calzone, I tried the calzone but it was just OK, I preferred Subway's breakfast.for Lunch or Dinner you have to go to Miss Saigon, it' like one block away, the place doesn't look that good from the outside (most places look bad in SF city), but the food is really good and cheap!!! nicest place in the area in my opinion.Custom Burger was pricey!!!On a side note I didn't try the room coffee because is instant, sheets were changed by request, parking was $20 per night	
Jun 24 2009 	Good Hotel Scary Location	We stayed at this hotel for two nights in June 2009. We chose this hotel because we had a rental car. If you are just planning to explore San Francisco, I would not recommend renting a vehicle, but we needed the car to get to a few destinations outside of town. Our room rate was $93/night and parking at this hotel was an additional $20/night. Many of the hotels near Union Square charge $45-50 plus tax per night for parking alone, so that's why we ended up at the Carriage Inn. We were always able to get a spot in the underground parkade, but the lot is not very big and one night we almost got the last spot.If you are saddled with a car, then you might want to consider the Best Western Carriage Inn. The hotel rooms are clean and comfortable. The rooms were redone in the summer of 2008. Our room was quiet (unlike many hotels in San Francisco which have paper thin walls) and I slept well. A mini fridge would have been a nice touch, as there is really nowhere to walk for a drink or snack. Coffee is provided, although if you are a coffee conoisseur, be warned that it is Nescafe instant! There is free wireless Internet access in the rooms, although it takes about 10 minutes to get through the secure login process on your device.The biggest downside is the hotel's location. The hotel is located about three long blocks (or a 10-15 minute walk) from Westfield, a great shopping centre. We chose the hotel in part because it was still fairly close to the shopping district around Westfield and Union Square.However, the reason the hotel's parking is cheaper than the hotels along Union Square is that the hotel is located &quot;south of Market&quot; (i.e. SOMA). SOMA is generally described as an up and coming neighbourhood undergoing revitalisation, but it definitely has a long way to go. I have been to San Francisco before and knew what I was getting, but if you don't know what SOMA is like, you should know before you go. For the Canadians out there, SOMA is about ten times worse than Vancouver's legendary east side and I am not exaggerating. If you set foot outside the hotel at any hour, you can expect to see dozens of derelicts - people on every corner having conversations with themselves and waving their hands frantically, people passed out alongside buildings, and beggars everywhere (some aggressive, some not). The neighbourhood is slightly better on weekdays than during the day on weekends. I would not recommed setting foot outside after dark.If you are saddled with a car and want a hotel that is centrally located, you might want to consider the Carriage Inn. After all, the rooms are clean and comfortable. Personally, I will not stay in SOMA again until I have seen more evidence of the neighbourhood's revitalisation.If you want to be able to walk to shopping and restaurants and comfortably walk in and our of your hotel, then do not choose any hotel in SOMA.	
May 21 2009 	Give it a chance...you'll be satisfied!	From the outside I didn't think the hotel would be nice, but once we got into the hallway, I was surprised especially when we got into our room. The rooms are pretty big and spacious and very clean. The decor is funky/trendy! The location is good since it's walking distance to the shopping center and a short cab ride to bars/lounges/club.	
May 9 2009 	Nice Surprise	After too many time spent over the web, I decided to trust an hotel chain. I searched for price through Orbitz and Carriage Inn was in my price range. Very easy to reach from the airport (use BART (only 5.35$), get off at Civic Center and walk a few minutes). The room is very nice: large bathroom, large room, I had two double beds, nice window, keetle for tea and coffee, TV, safety box, even an iron and iron board and a Internet connection in the room (and free internet access in the lobby). Service at front desk is okay, depending on the person. Major bus lines and Street-Car are near by at very low cost (1.50$). Lot of restaurants in the area, so it easy to grab a breakfast and coffee before you journey. The only problem might be the strange area: lot of homeless people, just apply the usual caution. Beside, you need your card to open the main door of the hotel and also to use the elevator, so the hotel is very secure.	
Apr 20 2009 	Good enough for a few days	Situated in SOMA(South of Market Street) in SFO, this quaint hotel will give you toyr money's worth and will be close to the tourist attractions. Fishermans wharf is a ten minute taxi ride.Serivice is ok, no room service and no retaurant on-site.The building isa bit on the older side on a corner plot.There is a choice of smoking or non-smoking rooms.Parking is available for a fee.Wi -fi is complimentary as are tea and coffee, Rooms are clean and well appointed. No frills as far as the service is concerned, but staff are helpful. Rooms are named after Hollywood stars which is nice touch.Daily newspaper is provided.Good for a short stay	
Apr 19 2009 	Great boutique hotel	Great find! Close to downtown SF. Joi de vive hotel - old boutique hotel taken over and made over by Best Western. Great find. No frills like breakfast, but there are plenty of place to go for that stuff anyways. We were pleasantly surprised with the room. Definitely will recommend it to friends and family who may stay in the area.	
Apr 4 2009 	It was perfect for me!	loved that there were opening windowshelpfulness everywhere I turned... above and beyond the call of dutyroom very clean and inviting and relaxing	
Mar 26 2009 	Bargain Queen strikes again!	We stayed at this hotel a few years ago, and we're glad we went back. The hotel has a European charm to it, and it is a GREAT value. Even though they don't have shuttle service to Union Square anymore, it was still a great place to stay. It's close to everything in San Francisco and the rooms are large and nicely decorated. They seem to take a lot of pride and put forth the effort to make it a unique hotel even though it's a chain. Any ammenities they don't have, they offer at the larger hotel just across the street. After biking across the Golden Gate Bridge all afternoon, we picked up a bottle of wine and cheese, slipped on the plush bathrobes over our suits and had a relaxing soak in the rooftop hot tub! The hotel was quiet, and we had the roof top terrace to ourselves.If you look up the location on Google Earth, don't be put off by at all by the industrial location. Even though there are warehouses in the immediate area, the hotel itself is really close to everything. We didn't hesitate to walk to dinner and shopping.The lovely french woman in the lobby is a delight. We were so glad to visit with her again. We are both looking forward to staying at The Carriage Inn again the next time we go to San Fran.	
Mar 3 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!	I've stayed here twice in the past few months and love this hotel. I'd stayed here a few years ago when it was totaslly a Best Western and liked it but now that it is run and refurbished by the Joire de Vivre folks it's even better. Every JDV hotel is awesome and this one is no exception. Impeccably clean with super fun decor and themes (each room is named for a different San Francisco nutcase...uh, I mean, notable) this place will put a smile on your face. Also, as with all Joire de Vivre hotels the staff is friendly and incredibly helpful. You won't find a better hotel for such a great price...except maybe the other two JDV hotels on the block - the Americania across the street (a little more pricey) or the Good Hotel next door (cheaper - and free parking for hybrid vehicles). I highly recommend this hotel!	
Feb 26 2009 	Nice suprise - the newly renovated rooms are great. Good price too!	We stayed at this same hotel about 3 years ago before they remodeled the rooms. We were pleased with the new rooms. The bed was very comfortable; the rooms have real style! Not your boring brown bedding, etc. We picked it for the location and I enjoyed the cheaper parking ($20 instead of the $42 we normally pay). We also always pick hotels with hot tubs. They have one, but when we went to use it they forgot to heat it up (apparently they turn it down every night and then turn it back on in the morning). Good hotel for a good price.	
Feb 16 2009 	Great Value	Stayed here Feb 5-8 with 2 two friends and it was an overall good experience. Booked the room through the Best Western website and it was very cheap an avg of $91/night -double bed for 3 people w/continental breakfast. This is not offically a Best Western, so you can't earn or use any BW points, it was recently acquired by the Joie de Vivre Hotel group. I checked that website before booking at BW site and the BW site had cheaper rates for our purposes. The Joie de Vivre website, was about $10-$20 more expensive a night and did not include any breakfasts offers, it did have sightseeing and parking specials (parking is $20 per night). You should check both websites before booking to see what might work best for you.The location of the hotel is as bad as everyone says, no sugar coating that. As soon as we got out the BART station, we saw many homeless people, somebody was getting arrested, and we saw an arguement over an umbrella lying in the street.. I'm from NYC, ride the NYC subway everyday with all types of characters and I was still a little nervous. It was still early on a workday, so there were plenty of office people around. However, we were a group of three women, so we felt fine. I WOULD NOT recommend this hotel for a single woman, unless you are driving and won't be walking around that area. Couples and groups should be alright. Once we got to hotel, it was fine. Small lobby check in area with one receptionist. That did get a little annoying, b/c if there were a few people you had to wait awhile for help and little privacy to speak with front desk person. We were very early, but our room was ready. The front desk person was very helpful, recommended a place to eat. She actually worked at the Good Hotel right across the street and was subing for lunch. We asked a question about the hotel and she was honest enough to say she wasn't sure, instead of giving bad and/or wrong info. The room was clean and comfortable with very funky decor. Those pictures online don't lie, the rooms are very colorful, if that bothers you, you might not enjoy your stay. Only downside to the room, is that there was no fridge. The breakfast and gym are across the street at BW Americana. For breakfast you get a voucher at Carriage Inn front desk, it was nothing special, but not offensive, a fresh fruit bowl, choice of bread, OJ and choice of hot drink. You have the option of upgrading to full American breakfast for $5.Try a burger at the Good Burger restaurantat the Americana for either lunch or dinner at least one time, it was an experience. The gym is small but efficient, had one of each: treadmill, bike and elliptical with full set of weights and the equipment was new. Our room faced the Americana, and I could see into the gym, so if there was someone using the machine I wanted, I could see when they were done and run across the street and get it. We rented a car for 1 day and had to pay $20 for the overnight parking. Again, this was a good experience, if your budget is an issue stay here. It was centrally located, we took F trolly down Market Street to Wharf area and then we were able to walk back to hotel, in about 30-40 mins. The rooms are clean and good sized. The staff are friendly enough, only had one bad experience with one person, and he just wasn't openly friendly like all the other staff. If you will be renting a car, it is a bargain ($20/night) compared the hotels in the nicer areas ($40-$60/per night). Yes the location is terrible, but as long as you don't roam the area alone at night you should be fine.	
Feb 14 2009 	A good underrated 3 star	This hotel is in the SOMO district and two blocks from Civic Square BART station which is on Market Street (convenient if you're arriving from the airport). There are some homeless people around this area and it is difficult to avoid them.I asked for and was given an early check in for one of our rooms which was a savior after a long flight from Australia. The welcome was good in the small, but adequate reception area. Our rooms were standard but large and recently refurbished. The very comfortable beds, desks and chairs were quirkily styled and add a lot of character. The rooms and bathrooms were spotlessly clean. There was free wireless internet in all the rooms. One of the rooms turned out to be a bit noisy and was changed as soon as we mentioned it with no questions asked. The historic No. 9 tram (F line) goes down Market Street and will take you to the Embarcadero, the No. 33 Pier where you catch the ferry to Alcatraz, and Fishermen’s Wharf. Bloomingdales and Powell Street cable tram is a 10 minute walk.In my opinion it is a good 3 star hotel, offering good value and staffed by people who aim to please. It exceeded our expectations. I booked the cheapest rate with breakfast we could find through the Best Western website. A 3 night stay in a standard room was around US$79 per night with breakfasts for 2 included in &quot;Custom Burger&quot;, across the road in a neighboring hotel.The hotel was comfortable and great value during the winter sale.	
Feb 12 2009 	Great small hotel	What a wonderful surprise. Our stay was wonderful and the price was right. While not in Union Square, this hotel is well situated to take in the city with ease. Safe, secure and the staff is excellent. The room was fun and comfortable. Well done! I will stay there again.	
Jan 20 2009 	Lovely	My boyfriend and I stayed here this past Martin Luther King weekend and we were both very pleased. They are having a winter sale right now -- stay 4 nights or more and get 30% off your entire booking. They also have specials on 2 or 3 nights or more.Luckily, I was forewarned by the reviews that the area isn't the greatest. When we arrived at the hotel, my boyfriend and I sat around with a security guard from the hotel across the street (the 3 hotels are all affiliated with one another) due to an emergency with one of the guests. We sat for a good 15-20 mins. Patience definitely pays off since we were greeted by a VERY nice man by the name of Joel from the Good Hotel next door. He was very sorry for the inconvinience and waived our parking ($20/day) for the situation. Check in was a breeze and we then went into unwind in our nice corner room with a bay window. First impression... The room was very colorful and slightly eccentric, very San Francisco appropriate. The rooms themed with various famous San Franciscans. They have little placards with information about them which was a neat touch. The room smelled a little stale (but nothing that an open window and febreze-to-go can't fix). The bed was VERY comfortable, the shower was spotless, and the bathroom itself was big and bright. There was a closet which came in handy. I loved the desk -- perfect for a laptop and lunch or dinner. There was a jacuzzi and a nice patio area on the second floor... Although we never utilized it, it looked comfortable especially after a long day of walking. The alarm had an iphone/ipod dock on it... Need one of those for my room! Continental breakfast was great... They give vouchers to walk over to the restaurant across the street to eat. They make the food on the spot and they have the most amazing croissants and fruit bowl! Definitely not the typical kind of continental breakfast you see lying around in hotels for four hours. The total bill between two was $22 (if you purchased it without vouchers). A good and inexpensive way to start your morning rightAlthough I would never stay in a smoking room, smoking was prohibited in the court yard/jacuzzi patio, which is probably a sign to quit!As far as location, my boyfriend and I started calling it &quot;danger street&quot; because of all the homeless people... BUT you have to remember it is San Francisco and where they are plentiful... I would recommend having a partner to walk with at night (especially if you are a woman or alone) or taking a taxi cab.. the front desk is always willing to call one for you and it gets there within 3-5 mins. Seventh street (where the actual hotel is) wasn't that bad, it was Market street going towards union square where I felt most uncomfortable. But all in all, it was bearable and you do run into some characters!I would recommend this for young and old couples but not for people with children. I've stayed in many hotels from expensive business hotels to the holiday inn.. $300/night, $100/night, but at $69/night (including promotion), it was a great value and came with better amenities than some other big-name hotels. They are having the discount until March so if you're in the area at the time you should definitely book with them!	
Jan 6 2009 	Lovely surprise	I haven't stayed in that many Best Westerns but I was expecting fairly standard chain hotel fayre but this was a very pleasant surprise. The rooms are beautifully decorated and well kitted out, big comfy beds, nice chairs and individual character and a good size. I stayed for 5 nights whilst I was at a conference at the Moscone centre (2 blocks north) and although it's true it's not in the most salubrious part of town it's very a short walk to the moscone and well within walking distance of union square and is well served by public transport. It's very good value, with pleasant and helpful staff and having seen the rooms in the Grand Hyatt (a friend was staying there) I preferred it here! Would stay here again and definitely recommend to a friend.	
Oct 27 2008 	Mixed bag	This hotel is centrally located, near Market Street, with easy access to BART, trolleys, and bus service. Chinatown is a 15-minute walk away. It was recently renovated and has some fun, hip updates, and the rooms are playfully named after some of the more famous residents of San Francisco (past and present) with their own caricatures provided by local art students. The rooms are clean and smell fresh. The front desk staff is very friendly and helpful. However, if you book here, I highly recommend getting a room away from the street. The single-paned windows are a sheer membrane against the noise. I came unglued a couple nights, particulary when an emergency vehicle raced by at 3 am. Probably best to plan on taking earplugs. The television didn't initially work. I let this slide for the first couple nights until I remembered an HBO show I wanted to catch. Apparently the cable was loose, but this required a visit by the staff. Then, I wasn't able to get the HBO show, though there was an HBO listing. Never did figure that one out. (Husband was able to get it at home.)I was also frustrated by their breakfast policy. I vaguely remembered that they offered it (when checking out pricing on Expedia and other websites), but -- not seeing it in the small lobby -- assumed that I had misunderstood. The morning of check-out, another guest requested a voucher to get breakfast across the street at a sister Best Western. When I inquired why we hadn't been provided those, I was told &quot;only some guests&quot; get them. Apparently, they used to bring up breakfast to your door before the renovations. Not anymore. Only a select few get the continental breakfast now. At the price of the rooms, I was shocked frankly to be told I couldn't have their coffee, donuts or whatever, and the desk clerk didn't have a reason for this selective offering. This left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Also, beware that when walking east along Market, that there are some shops and theaters about two blocks away that you may not want your children passing. That's not the fault of the hotel, obviously, but just a note to keep in mind.	
Oct 12 2008 	As much a SOMA gem as ever!	I've stayed at numerous Best Western hotels around the country, and the Carriage Inn is a nice little gem in the heart of San Francisco.The location is a bit off the beaten path near 7th and Mission Streets in SoMa. Things outside the hotel are a bit 'rough' on the edges -- primarily in the walk between the hotel and Market Street -- but those used to big-city travels should not feel out of place in this location. The comforts and relatively large rooms at the hotel, coupled with proximity to the Civic Center BART and Muni stations, make the Carriage Inn a place I can always rely on when visiting San Francisco. The staff there is remarkably friendly, as well.Some have complained a bit about the recent design changes/room renovations that were completed this past summer. The feel is quite a bit different than the more conservative feel in place earlier, but it's clear that their new owners want to put their mark on the property - and one that is not atypical in the city. In my opinion, it adds some personality and a bit of a modern flair to the hotel. It doesn't degrade one bit from the comfort level I've felt in years past. I plan to upload a few shots to spotlight the feel of the room in which I stayed recently.The Best Western Americania is across the street from the Carriage Inn. It also features relatively recent design renovations, as well as a restaurant called Custom Burger. Don't think they're all about build-your-own burgers; they serve convenient and hearty breakfasts, too.	
Sep 26 2008 	I used to love this hotel but it is horrible now.	This hotel used to be a great little Victorian Gem. I see they still advertise it that way. Not anymore. It is a tacky, cheap mishmas of cheap furniture, looks like remnants of paint and wallpaper and fabric close out sales. 22 different colors and patterns of fabric in my room alone. It is aggressively ugly. You want to turn out the lights to give your eyes a rest. Twice as expensive as last year, parking is now $20 and there is not enough.For example, my room has giant(18&quot;) blue paisley wall paper and brown zebra striped carpet. No fridge.It is grotesque and a rip off. too bad the city is full of visitors or I would change hotels.Remodeling was summer of 2008.	
Sep 14 2008 	Pretty Good!	My friend and I stayed for 3 nights after a Mission Trip on 6th Street and the amazing SFMO. Now, I was 17 and she was 21. We were already comfortable with the conditions of 6th street as we had been there all week, but let me say that as long as you are a smart traveller, as you should be anywhere, you'll be just fine! Yes, there are people who are homeless or have addiction problems, but they're people just like us, and during our stay at this location we never felt threatened in any way. It certainly isn't as bad as some posters have described.The room was very clean and the continental breakfast was lovely and warm. Though not the best decor, (There has been renovation since we have stayed) it was awesome value - not bad at all. The staff were extremely helpful. Being two very young women completely out of our element they really looked out for us, and made sure we had proper transportation, etc. Above average stay for a great value!	
Sep 8 2008 	An odd compromise.	The hotel is a better than average Best Western. However, it is two blocks off Market, and not really a great part of Market at that. I took a quick walk to a 24 hour market after dark and that's not something I would want to do after a late night out. Location aside, the hotel is really not bad. The rooms are big and nicely appointed (I was in Black Bart AKA 213), and right across the street in the BW Americana is Custom Burger, that alone is worth the trip down 7th. I say its it an odd compromise because I paid $169 a night. That's pretty good for San Francisco, but given the location of the hotel I don't think it's all that great. For not a whole lot more I could have had a room at the Courtyard, or the Pickwick, both of which are in the middle of everything. If you're willing to do a shared bath, you could save A LOT at the Mosser, which is still in the middle of everything. Knowing that, why did I book at the Carriage Inn? Because I spend 100+ nights a year at Best Westerns and I cashed in a ton of Gold Crown Club points for Best Western cash cards to pay for the room. And that opens up a whole new can of worms. When I checked in I was told that the Carriage Inn is part of the Joie de Vivre group, and they refused to honor the Best Western cash cards. I'm still trying to think of a reason to go back to a Best Western after that. Given my experience and the location, I can't think of a good reason to stay at the Carriage Inn. Unless you need to be in that neighborhood, if you do, you could do a lot worse than the Carriage Inn.	
Aug 28 2008 	Very Good	My wife and I stayed at this hotel and found it reasonably priced, very well decorated, larger then we expected, very clean, nice bathroom, and with parking at only $5 a day a real bargain for San Francisco. There was no food service but they had a small hot tub that was nice and it is convenient to Market street, which fit our plans well. Just across the street was another Best Western that had a coffee shop.	
Jul 30 2008 	COMPLETELY REMODELED - A PLEASURE	I stayed there July 25-28 and the entire hotel is now complete with the remodel. I didn't even recognize the lobby. This wasn't a &quot;touch-up&quot; remodel. I'm talking besides tearing down the building it seems like everything was gutted. The lobby - completely changed and very nice. Hallways - New wallpaper, paint, carpet, even the electrical outlets were brand new and new accent furniture in the hallwaysRooms - New Beds, desks, dressers, mirrors, painted, patched, new wallpaper, new outlets, new wireless service (still free), new accent furniture, new robes, new iron, new ironing boardBathroom completely remodeledI had stayed in room 201 which is the room with the large bay style window you see in the main picture of the hotel. It's smaller than other interior rooms but very nice. I was checked into this exact same room a year ago and went right back to the desk to have my room changed as it was horrible. I goaned when I was given the same room at the front desk this time but didn't ask to change until I saw what it looked it. I wanted to see how it was changed. Well I was amazed. I kept that room for the weekend.It's still a Best Western but the boutique management company that took over the hotel really did things right. Now I'm worried about the rates going up because it's such a great place to stay. The Best Western Americania (used to be pink across the street has also been completely remodeled and is no longer pink). The Hotel Britton next door to this one is being gutted and the signs all over the building said the new name is &quot;Good Hotel&quot;.However, as noted in previous reviews the neighborhood around the hotel is still up and coming and there are a lot of homless around because it's not the financial or shopping district (but it's very close to it). The new San Francisco Federal Center is less than a block away and a huge new large condo is also in the area as well. It's slowly changing so just something to keep in mind. I've never had a problem but I can see why some people would feel uncomfortable about the streets in that area at night.I posted pictures of my own room for everyone to see the remodel. Enjoy!	
Jun 12 2008 	Very Very Clean	My husband and I just got back from a 3 night stay at the BW Carriage Inn. After 6 years of marriage, my husband knows well that the MOST important thing to me is cleanliness and this hotel gets a perfect as far as cleanliness. I could not have asked for anything better. The bathroom was sooooo clean and the sheets and towels looked spectacular. The bed was very comfortable as well. The room was spacious. However, there were a few downsides to staying here. As the website says, the hotel is very close to Union Square and all forms of public transportation (BART, cable cars, busses, and street car (to take you directly to Fisherman's Wharf) but 7th street and 6th street left me feeling somewhat uneasy and I lived in Paris, France for a year so I know what it is like to live in a big city. The people that frequent this area are all homeless. I have never seen more homeless people in one area than here. Once you hit 5th and Market everything changes so if you can make it 2 blocks you will feel more comfortable. I thought the area was also very, very dirty. You could tell where the homeless people had urinated on the sides of buildings and it ran down the sidewalk. Some businesses did not regularly hose down the sidewalks in front of their stores (some did) so I was always looking where I was walking (and again, this is from someone who lived in Paris which so many people say is dirty but in my opinion it is much cleaner than this part of SF). Also, there were not many restuarant choices close by so we could never just go back to the hotel with the intention of eating nearby...we had to make sure we ate before we arrived back at the hotel which was not always conveinent. And......they no longer bring breakfast to your door. Apparently they are doing away with this. I was disappointed as this seemed like a real treat and when my husband asked about it with the intention of asking for some money off our bill the woman at the front desk handed us coupons to use for a continental breakfast across the street at the other Best Western which was nice. I do not believe that I would stay at this hotel again mainly because of the area and how uncomortable I felt even with my husband close by.	
Apr 6 2008 	Convenient quiet and friendly	We stayed at the hotel for three nights while in town to see family. Our room (1416) on the fourth (top) floor was clean, roomy and comfortable. The entire fourth floor has been recently renovated and the rooms are decorated in an eclectic style. Continental breakfast is delivered to the room each morning - juice, hot beverage, cereal, pastry and fruit, with several choices in each category. There is covered parking, and the charge of $15 is extremely reasonable for San Francisco. The neighborhood is convenient for access by car, but also close to public transportation. We found the front desk and housekeeping staff members to be friendly and helpful. Other reviewers mentioned the sketchy neighborhood, but based on our experience in SF it seems to be getting a little less sketchy; we saw relatively few street people, and I would be comfortable walking to the Market Street transit, or along Mission to the shopping center and Metreon, at least in the daytime. Overall, the hotel offers good value as a base of operations for visiting San Francisco.	
Apr 4 2008 	Value for money	We have recently returned from spending a week in San Francisco at the Carriage Inn. Rooms were spacious and recently decorated and also very clean. The bed was extremely comfortable! Very convinient having breakfast delivered to your door though choices were limited. The neighbourhood does take some getting used to but we did not feel unsafe. The hotel is extremely convinient for the streetcar, buses and the BART so location is ideal. The reception staff were excellent and you also get a glass of sherry in the evening! The Carriage Inn is definitely above average.	
Jan 21 2008 	Great Value Great Little Hotel Perfect Central Location	I was in San Francisco for the MacWorld Conference. I was looking for a reasonably priced, centrally located hotel within walking distance of some of the things I wanted to see in San Francisco during my visit. The hotel was booked based on price and TripAdvisor reviews.Let me hit the highlights1) You can take BART from the San Fran airport and get off at Civic Center, only 3-4 blocks from the hotel. I would recommend a morning flight, as the streets in downtown San Fran in this neighborhood can be a little scary on certain blocks. If I arrived at night, I personally would shell out the $45 for a taxi. Like any urban environment, you have to just be vigilant. It is really only the two blocks closest to the hotel that had some questionable personalities, once you get closer into downtown, the crowds increase and things are comfortable.2) The hotel staff were very friendly. We were allowed to check in early and they were always prompt to help us if we had a special request.3) The outside of the hotel isn't extraordinary, but the inside is clean and neatly appointed (see photo of room).4) One of my favorite things was a free daily continental breakfast delivered to the room. Simply fill out a card before 11 PM and hang it on your door. I had coffee, orange juice, muffin, cereal and fruit every morning. It was perfect. There is also a fridge and coffee maker in the room.5) One of the great things about the location is that my friend and I could walk to great sites or catch a cable car all within a few blocks of the hotel. We could catch a bus ($1.50) down to the Wharf and out to Alcatraz, or a Cable Car over to Coit Tower or China Town, etc.All in all, I would stay there again. There is another Best Western right across the street that is undergoing some great renovations, so check that one out as well if you like.	
Nov 18 2007 	A very good choice	San Francisco is quite run-down in many parts but the best way to see it is to use the public transport and get out into the various districts still within a mile of the centre. AND WALK. As Senior Citizens we paid 25p (50c) including a transfer ticket.The Carriage Inn, in 7th St, was very good. The staff were excellent. The free breakfast, brought to your room, was a marvellous service and was always served on time. The room on the second floor was quite adequate and had all that you would need. We switched off the frig as its humming was obtrusive.The hotel had a selection of tour brochures and booked us without fee for tours to Yosemite and the wineries in the Napa Valley. A tour company shuttle service then collects you and takes you to the departure point at Fishermans Wharf - and returns you to the hotel at the end of the day. We paid a deposit of $30 at the hotel and then used a credit card to pay the balance at Fishermans Wharf - all well organised. the guides and coaches were very good.The location of the Carriage Inn was very good, only 3 or 4 minutes walk from the trams and buses in Market Street. Despite what others have said about the vagrants, we, from the UK, felt quite safe - perhaps US citizens are that much less world-travelled and feel uncomfortable with anything out of their normal experience.The Cheesecake Factory restaurant is on the 8th floor of Macy's in Union Square; get a table on the balcony overlooking Union Square. For those who have not been to a Cheesecake Factory restaurant - it is just a name; it serves all types of food but in HUGE American glutton-size portions, quite insulting to those of us who eat in a responsible way. However, the quality iand service is very good.Saw only one McDonalds - that must be a record! The Westfield Shopping Centre (yes, Centre, it is Australian) in Market Street (8 minutes) is new and enormous and well worth a look even if you are not buying anything. It is a bit anonymous, hiding under the Bloomingdale's shop front.The pre-paid airport shuttle by Lorrie's was well worth buying in advance on the Internet and took us/collected us from the Carriage Inn.	
Oct 9 2007 	Bay Window Boutique	The BW Carriage Inn was selected because it offered smoking rooms, rare in SFO and because of the location. Admittedly, the hotel sounded WONDERFUL in the Hotels.com description. Breakfast was delivered PROMPTLY as asked to our DOOR each and every day, we stayed for 5 days total, and the experience was wonderful.Yes, the local street population leaves much to be desired, but this is the same in ALL major US cities. There are numerous GREAT restaurants nearby (Basil-Thai) and there is secure parking ($15 a day). The staff were incredible. Our reservation did not say SMOKING as desired so the staff went to work to accommodate us. And they did in amazing fashion. We felt as 'family' the whole time there. The brick lined patio, with iron wrought tables and a hot-tub was a true respit to go to after a long day of trekking the SFO terrain. At $159 a night this hotel is a bargain . Front desk staff go to great lengths to help visitors find EVERYTHING! What's more, they remember your NAME! The decor is Victorian (Calico) in blues, golds and whites, with a bay window with breakfast nook, great beds, great shower, and great staff. Beds have pillow shams and comforters. Newspaper comes with breakfast!All in all a great stay. We'd go back in a jiffy. John Wise	
Sep 20 2007 	"A" for Effort	The business hotels I usually stay in when I go to SF were unavailable for some reason (someone told me there was a big convention in town), so my assistant booked my 3 nights here. I was quite bummed at first -- older property in an unattractive, iffy part of town (I'm a businesswoman who travels alone, so a feeling of safety in the neighborhood is important to me), slightly stale cigarette-y smell. HOWEVER, after three nights there, I have to say that the main drawbacks to the hotel have to do with the dated physical property itself and the somewhat deserted neighborhood. Everything else was actually admirable: very clean, large, quiet rooms; friendly service; free wireless; nice size work desk; strong hot showers; an almost sweet attempt to keep the decor somewhat updated; relatively inexpensive price for an &quot;executive king&quot; with a seating area. The cigarette smell went away after the first day; maybe it was someone in the room next to me. The Vietnamese-Chinese restaurant next door that looks like a dive actually has very tasty, inexpensive food, and the hip burger place across the street has great breakfasts and really good coffee. Even though the bedding was far from luxury, somehow I slept like a rock for all three nights I was there. Not sure if I'd proactively choose to stay there again because I'm a little spoiled (I travel 1-4 times per month for business around the country), but if I HAD to, it would be just fine. I got a lot of work done there when I wasn't at client meetings.	
Sep 7 2007 	The reviews are accurate	Basically, if you merge all of the prior reviews of this property together you get an accurate picture.On the plus side are the fact that this is a bargain (this is also relative as San Francisco is an expensive city for lodging) and it is close to most everything in SF. Stayed there for a conference at the Moscone and it was a 10-15 minute walk there. Rooms are nice, good size, better than basic and the free wi-fi was a plus. Very good staff; quite helpful. Continental breakfast was basic; muffin, cereal, coffee and a piece of fruit. Sherry in the lobby was a nice touch.On the negative side is the location. If you're not used to the &quot;big city&quot; you will be shocked. On the walk to the convention center (on either major street used to get there) you have a large number of homeless people, panhandlers, and other &quot;interesting people&quot; who like to disrobe and use the street for their bathroom. Most of this didn't bother me, having lived in Boston and Philadelphia. Still, as I was coming out of the pizza shop next door to the hotel (one of the few places to eat within 2 blocks) and the person coming up the street &quot;accidently&quot; knocked into me and checked to see if she could lift my wallet from my left suitcoat pocket (luckily, it was in my back pocket). Too bad that the complimentary shuttle to Union Square doesn't run anymore.It's true that you get what you pay for. I chose to pay less and was generally pleased with the choice, but I would be upset if I didn't want to be bothered by &quot;big city&quot; life.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great value	We stayed here for our 30th anniversay. The neighborhood did take a little getting used to as we are from a small town in the Midwest. It took us a day to figure out the transit system but once we did we never felt unsafe. Our room was large, quiet, and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was very clean and efficient with a sink in the bathroom and another outside. Breakfast was delivered to our room at the requested time and was just right to start the day with coffee, juice, cereal, fruit, and choice of danish, croissant, or muffin. We enjoyed the hot tub on the 2nd floor patio and the sherry in the lobby in the evening. Free wireless internet was a plus. We were on a budget and thought this hotel was a great value. It is not a 5 star hotel but for a 3 star hotel I would give it a 10 out of 10.	
Aug 15 2007 	A basic hotel in San Fran	This was our last stop on a trip up the coast after a wedding in Vegas. This hotel was very basic, but served its purpose for our journey. The rooms were clean - although I'd recommend a non smoking one to avoid bad odours! Continental breakfast was delivered to your room, which was always gratefully received. The view wasn't fantastic from the room - more buildings and we felt somewhat disappointed with the location. In the light of day, it is fine to explore the shops and surrounding areas of market street, however at night we clung onto our bags as we felt we were walking through the 'red light' district of Amsterdam with the various sex shops, mixed in with a large amount of homeless people. All in all, we found this hotel basic but we didn't have any superficial problems during our stay.	
Aug 10 2007 	A very good place to stay	Delightful hotel with great service and near downtown. Good location in proximity to transit lines and sites. (There is a bus pickup at the end of the street.)There is no restaurant in the hotel. There is a private parking garage.The only down-side is that the neighborhood could be better, so be cautious when walking after dark. Additionally, some of the businesses are not &quot;family friendly&quot;.	
Aug 1 2007 	Loved It!	Stayed here one night on business. Loved the hotel. Beautiful rooms and very spacious. Area was not bad. Easy walk to Union Square. The desk clerks we encountered were very friendly, reponded quickly to requests, and provided great directions. We asked to be moved from a street side room and were accomodated quickly. Bed was comfortable and breakfast was delivered promptly at time requested. Shower was great and loved the books in the room. Would recommend highly and will return.	
Jul 28 2007 	Not bad for Frisco	We stayed at the Carriage Inn on July 18th-20th. The hotel is not in the best part of Frisco but it's not the worst part either. The hotel room was very nice, large, and well kept. They served a very nice complimentary continental breakfast and newspaper, that comes to your door in the morning, like room service, free of charge. Parking was $15 a night, not too bad for Frisco. But the website said they have a free shuttle to Union Square but they no longer have the free shuttle which is a bummer. All in all not too bad.	
Jun 23 2007	Inept Night Management	I had to call the front desk about the noise coming from a party in the room above me at 12:20 AM. At 1:20 AM, with no relief, I went upstairs and verified that the noise was coming from the room in question and went to the front desk to complain in person. About twenty minutes after I got back to my room my phone rang. It was the night manager saying the he had a report of a noise complaint. I explained that I was the one that had just been to see him about the noise, and that he wanted the room above me. He said he would send security. As I sit here typing this, it is now 2:15 AM and the noise is still going on.The telephone in the bathroom is literally hanging sideways, held up by one screw, the air conditioning is extremely loud, and yes, the neighborhood is horrible. I stayed here exactly one year ago and everything was great, so I was willing to put up with the neighborhood again. I don't know if they don't have the money to keep the place up or what, but I won't stay here again.	
Jun 16 2007 	Very good botique hotel; OK location; great value	This hotel was not my first choice, having read some of the reviews about the neighborhood - which were accurate. However, I was traveling with a group, and lost the vote. Safety in numbers, any way. It seemed secure, once you were inside the hotel. I would probably stay in the Carriage Inn again, even if I were by myself. I'd just not leave the hotel after dark unless it was in a cab (which were hard to find when we were there).My room was VERY nice - I had a standard double room to myself. The room was quiet, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was clean, climate control (at least for heat, in March) worked fine, and there was a small, clean, empty refrigerator where the little cash bar setup would be.I didn't have my computer with me, but there was a safe in the closet, so I could have had mine with me without needing to carry it around every day. The breakfast is short on protein, but long on caffeine (if you like coffee), very tasty, and delivered to your room every morning during the specified time span.My biggest complaint would be the pizzeria associated with the hotel. We walked there around 8:30 one night for a &quot;quick&quot; supper. Our pizza wasn't ready for an hour, and then we had to walk up to a counter to get it. The same pizzeria delivers to the hotel and that might make waiting easier, particularly if you're by yourself.	
Jun 9 2007 	Fantastic	The hotel was nicley appointed and the staff were friendly and helpful. They even checked us in early as our flight arrived early in the morning.The hotel is a very good value and close to the Moscone centre.I will be back!	
Jun 7 2007 	Great hotel great staff	This was my second time to San Francisco but the first time staying at the Carriage Inn. Very impressed, staff from arrival very extremly friendly. Nothing was too much trouble. The room was spotlessly clean and the beds extremely comfortable! The complimentary breakfast filled us up till lunch! The shuttle bus to and from Union Square was an added bonus. Would recommend this hotel and would use it for future stays.	
May 18 2007 	Business Traveller to Moscone West	A co-worker booked this for a visit to Moscone Center West. It is 2 blocks from a BART station and about 5 blocks to Moscone West. Check-in was smooth and the front desk clerk offered helpful advice on finding a bar one night and a restaurant another. Room was well maintained and cleaned. Shower looked brand new (both the shower door and shower head were free of water spots or lime deposts) making me think that perhaps there had a recent update. Water pressure was good.We used the complimentary shuttle to Union Square and it left at the pre-arranged time. Morning breakfast delivered to the room was a VERY nice touch -- nothing fancy, but enough to start the day right.Only downside is that the neighboorhood is on the rough side. I would not advise a woman to walk alone in the neighborhood after dark. In fact, I was glad there were two of us (both men) when walking home from the bar the one evening we walked around. That said, there are already upscale apartments creeping into the area, and I anticipate that this area will improve in the next couple of years. I would stay here again.	
Apr 23 2007 	Charming good location but not perfect	The location is good - about 6 long blocks away from shopping in Union Square, and there's a free shuttlle to Union Square across the street (in front of the Best Western Americana). If you walk to Union Square, take Mission Street, as this is larger and more populated that the side streets. Are there homeless around? Yes, but I'm a woman and walked by myself during the day and had no problems at all. At night I used the shuttle or a cab to get back to the hotel - about $6 from Union Square. The hotel was charming - old photos of SF and free brandy in the lobby around 4pm. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Overall it was clean - the sheets, sink and toilet were spotless. But there was used soap still sitting in the shower, and a croissant left behind next to the TV. Despite this, I would stay here again, as it was a bargain compared to the hotels near Union Square. Not perfect, but overall a good experience.	
Apr 11 2007 	Great Value So-So Location	This is a great value if you don't mind a somewhat urban location.Our room was spacious and nicely decorated. The only amenity lacking was a microwave. A continental breakfast was included and delivered to our room each morning to be eaten at the table sitting in room's bay-style window. Beds were comfortable and the shower had good pressure, something we've come to appreciate. The staff was friendly and helpful.There was a heated pool in the sister hotel just across the street. Municipal transit in the form of street cars and light rail were accessible just over a block away near the Civic Center and we took advantage of a Muni Pass (which included cable cars) to travel all over the city.The area is &quot;urban&quot; with some street folk. I didn't mind it, but my wife was not quite comfortable. While we didn't have a problem walking around the area during the day, we chose to take advantage of the hotel's free shuttle to travel back from Union Square each evening after dark.The price of this hotel is hard to beat when compared to similar rooms in the city.	
Mar 4 2007	Great hotel Great service Great location!	My boyfriend and I stayed in Frisco for an event at the Civic Center. I booked it because it was within a mile of it and the price was just right for our budget ($130 total for a king). We got there half hour before check in w/out calling ahead, and they said our room will be ready in 20 but 30 came around and nothing, but just when we were getting restless, Brian walked in and took care of us and got us checked in to another room on the 3rd floor in a minute (he even called someone for us to ask about a particular store at the mall - which was also blocks away).The room was perfectly clean. The bathrooms were well stocked and had plenty towels for us and even had a set of bathrobes. The beds were very comfortable and there was no noise that disturbed us throughout the night. The only negative thing I could think of was that our view was only of the jacuzzi and the fridge was a bit tiny but that's it.Outside the hotel wasn't as bad as we thought it would be, after the concert (which ended around 11:00pm) there was so many people around we decided to walk from the civic center to our hotel. I'm usually very wary about doing things like this especially in a city we're not familiar with but I felt perfectly safe walking the short distance w/out being bothered by any homeless people (there were none outside of the hotel like the other reviews said).We got to pick out what items we wanted for breakfast and it came at exactly the time we specified, Having breakfast delivered to our room made up for the $15 I paid for parking (which was free at the other Best Westerns in that area - but this was the best of the 3). Overall, this is definitely a hotel I would stay again and I highly recommend it.	
Mar 2 2007	Quiet Close to Bart Would stay here again	Even though this hotel is located in 'not the nicest area of town' we loved it here. Shuttle to Union Square right outside and always felt safe. Breakfast was good, not gourmet ,but knowing the price for eating out all of our other meals this was great. Staff very friendly. Would definately recommend this hotel and will stay here again.	
Dec 28 2006 	Charming hotel	Well this hotel was a little gem. One of 3 Best Western Properties within the block and all share facilities making more value for money. This hotel however was the pick of the bunch. The rooms were very tastefully decorated and huge. Everything was provided including breakfast to your room. Great tea and proper coffee facilities in the room, iron, cable tv, hairdryer etc. Bathrooms were huge and modern also.Reception staff were wonderful and free cherry offered to guests in the late afternoon in the lobby. The hotel provided a free shuttle to Union Square every half hour although only a short walk during the day. Dont walk out at night, use the shuttle as seedy neighbourhood. Great cheap Vietnamese restaurant next door which was so yummy we ate there alot.All in all great value for money.	
Dec 1 2006 	Best value for money in SF (Trip Advisor member Kilmarnock Scotland)	We chose Carriage Inn to end our tour of Central California because we had begun in the Fisherman's Wharf area and wanted to be nearer to Union Square. We had previously been impressed with Best Western and noted that they had three adjacent hotels in Seventh Street, but our choice of Carriage Inn was pure chance, as we could have chosen either of the others which were next door and right across the street.Our choice was spot on as we found helpful reception staff, well kept lift and corridors, decorated with multiple photographs of Old San Francisco, and best of all, a spacious, clean and beautifully appointed room. There was even another phtograph of the city forming the headboard of the bed. We used it several times and it was always right on time.Breakfast arrived right on cue and the free shuttle bus service to and from Union Square was designed, I am sure, to overcome the problems highlighted by others, of the immediate neighbourhood. Staff pointed us to the free internet access available in the Americania Hotel (opposite) and we used the nearby pizza place ( menu in your room) which too was great value.All in all a top quality hotel at a bargain price ($116).Use it on your next trip to SF, we certainly will.	
Nov 18 2006	great room - low price	I was attending a business conference at the Moscone center. The conference hotels were charging around $250/night - I booked a room here at $107/night and it worked out great.My room was clean and quiet, the free internet access worked well, and breakfeast was brought to my room as advertised. The 3 block walk to the Moscone center was a nice distance exercise wise although the one downside of this hotel as other reviews have pointed out is that you have to walk by a few homeless people sleeping in the doorways and windows with bars across them.I definitely would stay here again. My $500 savings over 4 nights would buy a lot of cab rides!	
Jul 18 2006	Nice place to stay minus the kids.	Great little hotel at a reasonable price. We stayed three nights. Nice staff and very clean, well kept, rooms. Plus, something that I am particular about and is rare at hotels at this price: Good firm pillows! If you need more than two bath towels, though, you have to ask.Location: That is a minus with staying here. Don't bring the kids. Stay close to Union Square or The Warf. In order to walk to Union Square, one has to go through some fairly seedy areas. Think XXX threatres and panhandling homeless. Plus, if you're from a small town like us, here's a heads up to the urine smell on the sidewalks. I would recommend that during the day, if your walking, to take Mission to 4th street instead of Market. Less panhandlers and seediness and that's how we stumbled into Mel's diner (think American Graffiti), it's 50's style decor and the best Pumpkin Pie I have ever tasted. Though, at night, we stuck to walking on Market because Mission was too dark with hardly any people.We would stay there again.	
Jul 6 2006 	Wonderful hotel	I loved this hotel. The service was great, the rooms were immacuate. The hallways were clean and the hottub was clean. The staff was extremely friendly. The only negative is the neighborhood. When walking to attractions you must walk down Market Street. Market St is full of very aggressive homeless people. They are relentless with their begging. One tried to grab my friend. There are also lots of Adult XXX movie theaters along that street. Not a place for children. However, the hotel is aware of the Market St situation and will try to help their guests with advice about being safe and calling cabs. Would I stay at this hotel again? Absolutely.	
Jun 6 2006	A Hidden Jewel in SoMa	The beautiful multi-bay windowed exterior of The Carriage Inn looks out of place in this neighborhood. As others have implied, this area is not exactly a garden spot in the city, but all of that can easily be overlooked for the quality and service at this hotel. Upon entering, you`ll find that the interior is even more impressive. Everything here is remarkably well taken care of and our stunning fireplace room was one of the largest hotel rooms we`ve ever seen. It included a spacious sitting/dining area and a large bathroom. The friendly housekeeping staff keeps everything virtually spotless here and maintenance should be applauded as well as every inch of wall, carpet, furnishings and tile are unblemished. The continental breakfast was delivered to our room at the precise time we had requested it. During our 5 night stay the always smiling staff addressed us by name. This is 5 star hotel service and quality at 2 star hotel prices. Don`t miss out on this remarkable value.	
Jun 4 2006	A Superlative Lodging Value	The negative comments about this hotel seem to address the location and the homeless people in the area. This is hardly a pretty neighborhood and the city`s burgeoning problem with the homeless, is indeed evident here. The fact of the matter is, however, that these people will be encountered at the multitude of small hotels in the Union Square area as well as the high-end properties on Upper Market Street. In my experience, they are a nuisance, but they are harmless and can easily be ignored. The positive aspects of The Carriage Inn far outweigh any such problems and this hotel should be seriously considered by those who seek spacious, beautifully maintained rooms, outstanding, attentive service, great value, and a convenient location. The hotel is a quick walk to the Civic Center Bart/Muni station and the frequently mention free shuttle service to Union Square is a distinct plus. The hotel staff is very service oriented and we found them helpful and extroverted, without exception. We paid $115 a night for our room and it was beautifully decorated and pristine. The amenities include a refrigerator, bathrobes, coffee maker, iron/ironing board, continental breakfast and newspaper delivered to your room each morning (a real nice touch), free local phone calls and a sparkling spacious bathroom. The bay window was an added bonus. They also have an attractive spa area and offer use of the pool at the sister property across the street. Anyone will be hard pressed to find this kind of quality at such a fair price anywhere in the city. Even the tiny rooms at the aforementioned plethora of boutique hotels in Union Square will be considerably more expensive. Don`t let the area dissuade you. This is an amazing find. Not to be missed.	
Jun 2 2006	Loved the Carriage Inn	Our 3rd visit to San Francisco.Easily the best accomodation.Great staff,great breakfast.Spotlessly clean.Highly recommended.	
May 17 2006	Hotel OK not keen on the area	We stayed here for three nights.When we arrived the receptionist made a big deal about the fact that we had been upgraded free of charge to a fireplace room. We had no idea that we weren't getting one or that they were available but it seemed a fair deal......that was until we got to the room. I knew as soon as we stepped out of the lift that we were on a smoking floor and crossed my fingers that the room wasn't a smoking room. It was to no avail. The room although nice enough could have been great if it wasn't for the fact it was a smokers room! All the fabric items (curtains, cushions etc.) just had that nicotine smell and they didn't feel great to the touch either. We should have checked when we were given the room at check in, but we didn't and we suffered for it for our stay.That said, the breakfast was delivered to the room each morning and there was a choice of various continental breakfast items, so that was good.The area the hotel was in left something to be desired but we had been warned about it by the travel agent that booked it for us. The civic area is close by and they're in the process of building a huge new government building a stones throw from the hotel but that doesn't seem to do anything for the area. The hotel offers a shuttle service into the shopping area and looking at a map we couldn't really understand why as the main city centre wasn't far. After our first walk into the city we knew why! Numerous people hanging around the streets, some begging for money, many being loud and swearing at people as they walked past etc. Not nice and we certainly wouldn't have done the walk after dark.The hotel is a bit out of the way for the main tourist areas by the water (pier 39, alcatraz etc.) but it is easily accessible using the shutle bus and the San Francisco trolly bus which is an experience in itself!	
May 13 2006	I had a very nice time in this hotel	I am happy over my decision to stay in the Best Western Carriage Inn. The staff was always very helpful and very friendly. It was my first stay in the USA and I was feeling like at home (V E R Y B E T T E R).The room was so big and comfortable and I was sleeping so good. The breakfast was very good too !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I will come back to San Francisco and to the Best Western Carriage Inn.Thank you very much for the very nice time !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Silke Schnorfeil, Hannover, Germany	
Apr 30 2006	my pick to stay	A small hotel with its own parking place. Off the street, a short walk from Market Street where there is much transportation that will take you anywhere,. I was impressed by the staff, kind, courteous. They made me feel so welcome as I entered the tiny lobby.They provide complimentary breakfast delivered daily to your room and a free shuttle to Union Square daily. The morning I checked out for an early trip to the airport, the clerk made sure my shuttle would be there to take me. I am elderly and traveling solo so it was a very pleasant experience for me to stay there. This is where I will stay again on my next trip to San Francisco.	
Aug 27 2005 	Nice inside the area couls be better	I stayed there for 5 nights on business. I was looking for a decent place with continental breakfast and free high-speed Internet for about $100/night, a tall order for San Francisco (in fact I paid an average of $111/night plus tax). There are 3 Best Westerns and the Hotel Britton on the same block, all with common ownership, and my impression from looking at them as I walked by is that the Carriage Inn was the nicest of the bunch. (The Flamingo is a motel, the Americania has outdoor corridors and the Britton was probably 75-80 years old.) If you try to make a reservation online and it says they are sold out, try calling. That's what happened to me and I was able to get a room.The room was nice and clean and what I would expect from a mid-priced hotel. The place appears to have been recently renovated. The high-speed Internet, however, is not wireless and you must bring your own Ethernet cable to plug into the data port, which happens to be located on the phone. I had a deluxe executive room and the desk was on the opposite side of the room from the phone. I brought a 14' cable with me and it was barely long enough to reach to the desk. So if you come here, bring a 25' cable. Also it says on the hotel's web site that the executive rooms have cordless phones, which is not true. The phone is corded and next to the bed. There's another phone in the bathroom (I've never really seen the point of that...) I had a room overlooking the spa area (instead of the street) and it was very quiet at night.The neighborhood, however, is rather dodgy. I'm a big guy from another big city so I didn't feel intimidated or threatened on the street after dark but you might think twice about staying here if you are with children. There are a lot of interesting characters on the street at all times of day. There aren't many places to eat in the area or grocery stores (plenty of liquor stores though). SOMA Pizza is OK, and there's the Peppers across the street at he Americania but I didn't eat there. The Chinese/Vietnamese place next door has good food and friendly service. Otherwise, don't bother walking around this neighborhood looking for food. I tried and was unsucessful. Wherever you are going in the city, you might as well eat dinner before returning to the hotel.It's easy to get to public transportation, with buses on Mission and on Howard and the Civic Center BART/Muni station is a block and a half away. I used public transport the entire time I was there, including getting to and from the airport. Overall it's a very good value for the money and I would stay there again.	
Aug 8 2005	Excellent breakfast clean accommodation 	We picked this hotel due to its close proximity to Union Square. The roooms have all the facilities you need; coffee machine, fridge, air con &amp; tv and clean and spacious. The free breakfast is excellent and delivered to your room every morning at the time you requested. We had read on this site that the area was a little dodgy but we encountered no problems, however, we were careful. There are another 3 Best Westerns in close proximity and I know one of them had a pool that we could have made use of. There is underground secure parking which we made use of once we had picked up our hire car. Would stay here again if we went to San Francisco again as its a perfect base for exploring the city. I didn't feel that we should have stayed in Fisherman's Wharf area although this is much prettier than the area we stayed in but I guess its more expensive too, although I didn't check this.	
Jun 22 2005	Enjoyed our stay	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for three nights from 6/16 to 6/19. The hotel is really nice and the front desk clerk, Josette is just wonderful! We got in right about lunchtime and she recommended Sonoma pizza, which was about a 1/2 a block up. The pizza was great! Anyway, I digress, the hotel itself is nice, but I don't recommend that you stay here with your family. It is a pretty good hike to get to the tourist spots like the Warf, Lombard street, Coit Tower, etc. You can catch the F bus, which is only about a block up, but in the evenings the area is somewhat questionable. As a female, I don't think I would have been comfortable walking around by myself after dark. Overall we had a good experience with the hotel itself, parking wasn't a problem, the staff was great, the room was clean &amp; spacious and there was plenty of hot water. Oh, I do recommend that you ask for a room in the back of the building though.	
Jun 7 2005	Lovely Hotel at Bargain Price	This was very good value for money. The room was huge, and included a lounge and small dining area, plus a fridge and large bathroom. It was quite clean indeed. Breakfast was a change from the usual bagel they usually offer you downstairs, and it was nice to have it brought to the room. There is also a very pleasant patio area on the 2nd floor, with spa, which nobody but us appeared to use!Granted, 7th St isn't a fantastic location, but as others have said, if you're used to big cities, it won't really bother you much. There are a lot of homeless people in this area, but we walked back to the hotel on 7th late at night from the F-Line (2 blocks), and it was fine.Transport links from here are fab. F-Line streetcar to Castro/Fisherman's Wharf, less than 10 minute walk (or take the hotel's free shuttle) to cable cars and Union Sq. BART is two blocks away.We'd definitely go back.	
May 29 2005	Comfortable room Uncomfortable area!!	Best Western Carriage Inn is a &quot;nice&quot; little inn. Nice rooms, usually pleasant staff, and offers an okay complimentary breakfast. The inn is not in a central location. So, getting to fisherman's wharf and other tourist attractions is far and expensive, if you you are not driving. Some of the front desk staff do not give great directions and can be rude at times. When we checked out the girl at the front desk never said good bye and did not thank us for staying at &quot;The Best Western Carriage Inn&quot;. This made my boyfriend and I feel like we weren't worth the the girl's time and effort at all. This surronding location of the hotel is unpleasent and can make one feel unsafe at times, especially during the evening. The hotel is not near anything at all, but homeless people and loud traffic, depinding where your hotel room is located &quot;a good night's sleep&quot; is almost imposible with very loud traffic. Thus, since the hotel is not near anything, the hotel does offer a complimentary shuttle to Union's Square. The complimentary shuttle is the best feature of this hotel and made things a lot easier for us to get around the city since we both used public transportation and cabs to get from one place to the other. If I could go back and change anything from our trip to San Francisco, I would have stayed somewhere else that near by Fisherman's warf. Since, Fisherman's Wharf is where we spent most of our time and is near bt all the other tourist attractions, so it is a good idea to stay at a hotel near by that area. I can say the only very nice and helpful front desk clerk is josiet, she was always helpful and very nice with the both of us.	
May 19 2005	Nice hotel	The hotel is nice, but not great. The room was clean and large. The service is good but could be better. The area is questionable. I would not go walking after dark. It is central to tourist areas. Getting to fishermans warf take the F-line ($1.25 per person) from Market street (2 blocks up from hotel) and the ride is about 10 min. Breakfast is brought to your room every morning and is ok. Parking is $15.00us per day. Overall the stay was nice.	
Jan 13 2005	Great place to stay	In late December 2004, We had a wonderful stay at the Carriage Inn. It is really a bargain! The rooms are nice and spacious. The hotel is clean and comfortable. Having a continental breakfast delivered to the room, which is included in the room price, was a wonderful touch. Now if you aren't comfortable getting around in San Francisco or any big city, the neighborhood might cause you some concern. We never had any problems walking from the hotel to our destinations. However, its pretty obvious that you would not want to walk around the neighborhood late at night and the front desk will tell you the same thing. The hotel has a shuttle that runs to Union Square and taxis are easy to get. $15 a day for parking at the hotel is a major bargain! If you are a little adventurous, don't need to be right on top of Union Square, and want to be fairly close to downtown this is a great hotel!	
Jan 13 2005	Great hotel....	Stayed in June 2004 for my 21st birthday. Brilliant hotel, clean, quiet and friendly. Gorgeous breakfast delivered to your room everyday.....excellent value	
Nov 15 2004	Decent	The stay was fine. Paid for the &quot;Romantic Weekend Getaway&quot; or whatever they call it and had to ask for the complimentery champagne. Elevator was not working so had to haul lugguge up 3 flights of stairs. Room was comfortable with Duralog fireplace. Hotel seemed a little on the shabby side in common areas. Location was OK. Breakfast was acceptable but a little skimpy.	
Sep 25 2004	Clean and good service	Upon arrival we were up-graded to a suite with fireplace as I had mentioned that we were on our Wedding Anniversary. The room was plesent and nicely decorated if you like barrock style. Bathroom was huge bedroom and lounge area also spacious. Breakfast each morning was brought to the bedroom. Last day they forgot to bring our breakfast, as a result we got free parking. The carrage Inn is not located in the best part of town. South of Market Street is run down and very dirty with plenty of undiserables. Hotel provides a shuttle bus to and from Union Square every Half hour. Can reccommend the carriage Inn for clean good service but for location go else where.	
Sep 14 2004	Top Notch	My wife and I made a trip to Frisco to catch the Falcons play the 49ers. My wife liked the way the Carriage looked online so we went ahead and reserved. We were suprised at how nice and well kept the hotel was. We were in a very central location and the hotel provided a shuttle that took us to and from the shopping area of Union Square. The breakfast that was brought to the room was very convenient, not to mention it was free. The parking was cheap, I paid more at the stadium. We had an excellent dinner at their restaurant that was located across the street. All the staff we came in contact with were very pleasant. Overall I would say this was one of my most pleasant traveling experiences. I look forward to returning the next time I go to San Fran.	
Sep 11 2004	May 2004	I did get an employee discount, so I'm unsure of how the rates compare to the service... but if their prices compare to their service, they must be EXPENSIVE.We stays a 4 day weekend, and the location was the only problem. Though only a few blocks from Union Square, there was a lot of construction, TONS of homeless people, and at night it was very quiet. It was a lil freaky, but we walked everywhere for 4 days, and simply got used to it. The &quot;bad&quot; area was only the few blocks around the hotel, after that, it was all businesses/shops. There are 3 separate hotels on each corner that are all Best Westerns. The Carriage Inn did not have a pool, but we were able to across the street and use theirs.The public transportation in San Fran is fantastic... do not rent a car ever! Parking and traffic is no fun. We took the bart train from the airport to downtown, where we could take a subway with a stop only 2 blocks from the hotel. We also took a cab once, buses, and the cablecars... when you buy any of the passes, the price is well worth.Service, wonderful. Front Desk was always helpful with a smile.. very small place, but the rooms were fantastic and gorgeously decorated. Free delivered breakfast, how can you beat that? If you don't have moola dollars, stay here and be treated like you do! If you do -- stay here, and save some cash from overexposed places...	
Sep 3 2004	Best place to stay WONDERFUL SERVICE		
Aug 31 2004	Stay here		
Aug 10 2004	What a gem of a hotel in San Francisco		
Aug 3 2004	I'LL BE BACK		
Jul 10 2004	What a Gem		
Jul 10 2004	Great value and cheap parking too		
Jul 1 2004 	A decent place to stay		
May 19 2004	Best Western Carriage Inn		
Feb 16 2004	Dangerous.		
Sep 1 2003	Loved the experience		
May 26 2009 	für Personen mit kleinen Ansprüchen genau das richtige Hotel		
Sep 3 2008 	bon rapport qualité/prix		
May 24 2008 	Super Hotel in schöner Umgebung		
Jan 26 2007 	Calidad-precio excelente !!		
