	Great	Arrived at the Hotel early afternoon having decided to move from a previously booked Hotel. The Staff were great found us a room on the 19th Floor with views of Nob Hill and partly of the Bay. The rates were very good value and included Executive Lounge access on 2 days.The public areas on the ground floor are large and well furnished.Our room was a King not too large but certainly adequate, the views as mentioned were quite good for downtown San Francisco. The room was well furnished, almost new, very clean with a smallish bathroom. It did suffer somewhat from noise from the room above, more from the bathroom than anything going on the in bedroom.The whole Hotel seemed well adapted for 4 star accomodation. Every member of Staff we came across was very warm and helpful, from the Bar Staff, the Door Staff to the Reception Staff.The Hotel is about 5 mins walk from Union Square, just one block away and is on the corner of Powell Street, therefore easy access to the Cable Cars. You could walk to Market Street for the Trolley buses in 15 mins easy. Never used the Bart so cannot say how far that was.We did not have dinner at the Hotel, we did try the breakfast in the Executive lounge but found Lori's Diner on the opposite side of Powell Street to be our preferred choice.I know we didn't pay for the Exec Lounge, which is probably a good job, because having stayed at many similar Hotels in the Marriott chain and other chains, we found the Executive lounge of poor value. Only open for breakfast and the evening, yes you did get access to a computer and internet free (internet was otherwise quite expensive), breakfast was complimentry but not a wonderful selection available, and evening snacks were very small in size and small in quantity and yes you could have free soft drinks and coffee but the glass of wine came with a cost of $8 per glass.We did use the bar are most evenings, quite unusually, because it seemed so relaxing with great attentive staff.There was parking and valet parking available at the hotel which we didn't use, I don't know the costs.Overall, excellant, 4 star accommodation and very good rates very close to a popular part of San Francisco.To get to the airport at the end of our stay, we had a private limo hire (Town Car, they call it) for $38 plus tips. Took about 30 mins.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great Stay in SFO	Best hotel I have stayed in for quite a while. Staff was attentive, room was immaculate, linens were clean, bed was extremely comfortable.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great Place to Stay	Excellent location in Union Square, conveniently within walking distance to many places of interest. Cable car to and from Fisherman's Wharf is right outside of the hotel. Nice respectful staff, clean hotel. NO free internet.	
Nov 19 2009 	Good hotel - Rude staff	Pros:Stayed for more than several nights. The room I stayed in was small, but very clean and had a very comfortable king-size bed. Restaurant had a selection which is somewhat better than I would expect from a hotel restaurant. Reasonably priced menu items. Restaurant is open late. Very comfortable lounge, where it is possible to hide if you decide to, and no one will bother. Modern look.Cons:Extremely rude front desk and conceirge staff (but once you reply to them with same rudeness and show attitude, they become somewhat more polite). Parking at $55 per day (but I do not think I would be able to find anything cheaper in downtown). No free wireless access.	
Nov 16 2009 	My new favorite place in SF	I travel for business a fair amount, and I generally try to stay at places that are preferred by our company. In the bay area, these have included hotels such as Park 55, the JW Marriott, the Hilton, and the Oakland Marriott. I watched the transformation of the Crowne Plaza/480 Hotel to the Marriott and was an early guest of the hotel this spring. It is now fully functioning and is really quite perfect for the business traveler for the following reasons: close access to BART... just a five minute walk; nice functioning rooms.... the Coit tower/bay view rooms are outstanding (small but well appointed and comfortable); the executive lounge is fine... not over the top but the staff are friendly and the selection of food and beverages good.... breakfast is above average; the bar lounge is outstanding for the solo traveler.... drinks and food outstanding and prices quite reasonable; staff are courteous, friendly, and respectful; design and decorations very modern and appealing; location to shopping and restaurants excellent. I have stayed at the Palace, the Ritz, the St. Francis, and many others that are more historic and have bigger rooms, but the Marriott Union Square for the money is the best value in town and I highly recommend it.	
Nov 12 2009 	Refined in all ways without pretensions	This is undeniably the best location in the city and the hotel has no shortcomings. The doorman graciously greets you and the staff is intelligent and competent. I would stay here again whenever given the opportunity.	
Oct 22 2009	US west coast highlight 14 days	great location at Union Square, surrounding hotel spreads with shopping centre likes; Macy's, Bloombing Dale's, easy to catch train go to Fisherman Wharf, we spend several hour in Union Square till midnight, waitting count down change New year 97	
Oct 19 2009 	San Francisco	The Marriott in San Francisco was absolutely fabulous - It made our trip to San Francisco worthwhile for their service, comfort and excellent style. Their standards are the best.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good location	The hotel was updated and presented itself very well. Check in was smooth and staff accommodating. Rec'd our paper each morning (I'm a stickler about that). Didn't use room service so I cannot comment on that. The only complaint I had was the noise that woke me up each morning between 5:15-5:30am! Loud banging, couldn't tell where it was coming from. Asked (very nicely) at the front desk and was given a bit of attitude. Told me they would check into it but never heard anything further. We only stayed here 3 nights so I just let it go but, if I would have not gotten a discount on the room, I certainly would have been speaking to the manager! I would reccommend this hotel for the location which was very central but personally, I'll be checking for other accommodations next time I'm in the area.	
Oct 15 2009 	Best Hotel in San Francisco	One of the best hotel in San Francisco. You can take Bart train from airpot to Powell Union Square station and within the walking distant to the hotel. You never have to worry about rental car parking, it has great service, and very close to all shopping center.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Hotel!!	This newly renovated hotel was wonderful. It felt more like a W Hotel than a Marriott. The rooms were huge for San Francisco and the location was great. The decor was wonderful, beds were super comfy, and the bathroom was luxurious. Great hotel, great location.	
Oct 11 2009 	Convenient location close to shopping.	My 16 year old daughter, her friend and her friends mom decided to do a short, one night trip to San Francisco. We stayed here only because we were able to get a family rate due to my friends son works with an affiliate hotel. Being that the rooms normally go for $250 on up, I might not stay there again. But, it was a very nice hotel in a great location. We walked to China Town and the Westfield Mall. Very close to buses and trolley car. The rooms were typical Marriott, very spacious and comfy beds. You can always count on Marriott for consistancy! We got good info and directions at the front desk too. There are many other hotels that I think would be less expensive in this area but, again, you can always count on Marriott to be good.	
Oct 10 2009 	Very nice hotel with excellent service.	Service was the best feature at the Marriott Union Square. While checking in (early), I asked for a quiet room and was moved to an &quot;interior&quot; room. I ended up in an alcove at the end of the hall, overlooking an adjacent rooftop. Even there, the view was fine. More importantly, it was very quiet. I heard almost no hall noise or street noise nor did I hear any TV from adjacent rooms. It was quite impressive for a center-city location.I also got excellent recommendations for a quick lunch and sushi dinner that were within a short walk. BART was also an easy walk. The location isn't especially unique--there are many downtown hotels in downtown SF.I was most impressed with the desk staff helping another guest check in. The woman behind the desk was patient and calm while the guest was stressed. Within the time it took me to print my boarding pass, they solved the problem to the guests delight.Cleanliness was excellent throughout. Also, the rooms have many of the most modern amenities, including panel to connect electronics to the wide screen TV, lots of convenient outlets for recharging, an MP3-ready clock radio, and an ethernet cable ready on the desk (no in-room wireless). Like most hotels in its category, there is a modest fee for internet connectivity.Kudos for the dual flush toilets.The hotel wasn't &quot;perfect&quot;, but it was solid. The imperfections: I couldn't find a pool, but that was not a bid deal for me. My young daughter would probably have been bored here, but it was a solid business hotel, probably a 10 minute walk to the convention center. There is no Starbucks in the hotel, but there is one across the street and one about every other block around SF, so it wasn't a problem getting caffeine in the morning.	
Oct 9 2009 	Divine weekend!	Great location! Near cable cars, shopping, BART, restaurants, Union Square!!! For a very large and very busy hotel, they exceeded expectations! The concierge desk was always busy but they had several people on duty to accommodate. Plus they were knowledgeable and pleasant! The room was spacious, though the view was very minimal. Room service was thorough and quick and very flexible. All in all, a perfect location and hotel for a wonderful weekend in San Francisco!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location but average hotel...	We love Marriott Hotels and love staying in the city. We've stayed in numerous Marriott Hotels, including one in Europe. I decided to book this hotel (Marriott Hotel in Fourth St) for 2 nights to celebrate my birthday with my family. I heard that they recently renovated and was excited to celebrate here. The location is ideal, but the rooms are a letdown. I guess I was expecting much more. Pretty basic room and I really can't say much about the bathroom. If I plan to stay in the city, I definitely won't choose Marriott again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location for the money	Great location to Union Square shopping, restaurants, Chinatown, cable car stops - parked the car and didn't use it for two days! Rooms were spacious and comfortable. Got great rate for location!	
Oct 4 2009 	Great location nice room.	This is a very nice hotel with a great location. You are one block from the shopping district, a block from Whole Foods, close walking distance to Chinatown and the major museums and galleries and less than a block from the streetcar to Fisherman's Wharf. The public transportation system is great as there is a subway about a block away as well and always tons of cabs waiting outside the hotel if needed. We fell in love with San Francisco, and our room at the Marriot, while not cheap, had a great view and one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in away from home. It had a feather bed and a down comforter and pillows. The fitness centre was well-equipped and I recommend this hotel if you want a clean and comfortable stay in the heart of the city.	
Oct 2 2009 	Renovations make the difference for the meeting space	This is a great hotel for those attending conferences at Moscone West. Nicely located, there are several restaurants and bars nearby, with the shopping just a few blocks away. When I stayed here in 2005, the meeting space on the second and third floors was maze-like. The new renovations opened up the areas so now, the rooms are much much easier to locate. Because I was staying for 10 days, I was fortunate enough to get a larger corner room. I needed it considering the number of deliveries I had for the conference! The room was spacious and clean, and housekeeping did a nice job. However, shipping/receiving &quot;lost&quot; several of my packages, including perishable goods.I hosted two meetings at the hotel and the staff was fantastic to work with.	
Sep 30 2009 	Excellent in every respect	I only stayed here for one night while on business, but I thoroughly enjoyed this Marriott. As others have mentioned, the location is very convenient to great shopping, restaurants, sight-seeing, and public transportation. BART is an easy three blocks away, cable car is one block away. The Marriott re-design of this hotel is very well done; the loung and lobby areas are quite stylish without being stuffy. Service was very good. The exercise facility was good, with a fair amount of space, a lot of treadmills, some free weights, and some weight machines. I only ate breakfast in the restaurant. Overall, this hotel works very well for business, shoppers, or tourists. Highly recommended!	
Sep 18 2009 	Great location for sightseeing	We opted for this location over other Marriott's due to being able to get a corner 'junior suite' at a good price over Labor Day weekend. The room was well worth it, giving us views up Powell St. and the cable car line as well as all the way out to the Bay.From what I understand, the hotel was recently acquired by Marriott and completely renovated. The new feel hasn't worn off yet. The decor is hip without feeling too trendy. The downstairs lounge seemed to be active though we never spent time there.The hotel's location provides a 20 minute walk to the Ferry Building and waterfront or 25 minute walk to AT&amp;T Park - home of the Giants. You can also catch the Powell St. cable car just outside the front door or walk a couple blocks to the BART station for further exploration. It's also a short (uphill) walk to Nob Hill or Chinatown. All in all, ideal for sightseeing.The rooms and service lived up to what I've come to expect from the 'big city' Marriott's. A professional service from check-in to check-out. Room was clean and very comfortable. Plenty of amenities.	
Sep 13 2009 	Overall nice hotel. Location is just great.	I stayed there for 4 nights and got a a nice and new room on a high floor. The room was adequately equipped, very clean. So was the bathroom. Both beds were equally comfortable. As said by another traveller, the room lacks a safe deposit box and a fridge. I was not bothered by any noise whatsoever. Having this said, the hotel appeared to be fairly empty. Overall, service was average, not really caring except for breakfast. As to breakfast, it was average as well - good omelet though. Fitness room is nice and well equipped. The greatest asset of that hotel is certainly the location, right in the center of Union Square and close to anything one would need - cable cars, shops, busses etc.	
Sep 1 2009 	perfect location	We stayed here for 2 nights this month and can highly recommend it. Perfect location for all transport - we used the BART from the airport to get here and was just a short walk from the station. Door staff and bell boys excellent, but the desk staff could do with being a bit more personable and attentive - we tried to use the airport check-in terminal next to the front desk, and were clearly struggling, but the man on the desk was too busy on his phone arranging a weekend with his girlfreind and booking his flights to help us!Our room was perfect - we had a corner family room on 18th floor with windows on 2 sides overlooking Macey's and Sutter Street - just fab!The downside is that the bar is WAY too expensive - $9 for a Gin and Tonic!!! Not every guest is loaded with money! MInd you, just down the street opposite Union Square is a GREAT bar - looks very seedy from the outside, but excellent inside called Gold Dust Lounge.We got the 3 dat MUNI pass and used it many times over to get all over the city. As for car parking charges, you really don't need a car - we dropped out hire car back before we went into the city - and didn't miss it at all.	
Aug 31 2009 	nice hotel	We stayed at the Mariott Union Square in Mid-August and were quite happy with that choice. Clean, big rooms, very comfortable beds, nice interior, friendly personell. The location is quite in the middle of everything. CableCar stops right at the edge of the hotel buidling, Mall and Downtown a short walk away and Chinatown begins right 2 blocks behind the hotel. I would advise parking at the nearby garage, as it is much cheaper than valet at the hotel, especially Sundays.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great location	I do the Marriott for one important reason - you always know what you're going to get. This was no exception. Nice hotel, nice room. Bathroom was stupidly tiny and there was no full length mirror in room but other than that, excellent. Great location, I strongly recommend Union Square. Lots of bars and restaurants around the area. Good luck getting on the cable car, we bought a three day pass and did not successfully board once, it is constantly packed. We caught the bus a few times. We mostly walked everywhere. Beautiful city. Pacific Heights is gorgeous. Cow Harbour is divine, loved it. Hated Fishermans Wharf, it's full of cheap cr*p, total waste of space. HATED it. Alcatraz was excellent. Lombard street was just so charming, well worth the hike up one mother of a hill. I lost weight in SF! Walk to North Beach from Union Square, through Chinatown, you get some really good views of city. Go to Vesuvio bar next to the Citylights bar, it's where Jack Kerouac and other 'beat generation' names used to hang out apparently - we had a good time there! Ate in a very good restaurant, can't remember the name, it's recommended in the Lonely Planet.	
Aug 26 2009 	As close to a perfect place to stay as we can imagine!	Amazing location in the heart of San Francisco, central to everything! The room was impeccable: clean, quiet, elegant, comfortable beds, high end linens and towels... definitely more than a 3 star experience. Staff was attentive, generous, everyone seemed to be enjoying their jobs. (There seemed to be a sense of pride and excitement, perhaps due to its recent remake into a Marriott.) We happened upon an amazing AAA rate online while browsing for hotels, made a few extra requests (they couldn't guarantee) like early check-in, extra pillows... and they met them all! The only things that we would have liked were a refrig/microwave (not standard in this hotel). We did use the well-equipped and -maintained fitness center and the guest laundry, but did not eat in the restaurant or bar area. The decor throughout the hotel was beautiful--bold vibrant color, modern designs--though understated (did I mention &quot;elegant&quot;?!)	
Aug 17 2009 	Should not be allowed to be called a Marriott Hotel	This is the worst Marriott Hotel I have stayed in. The plumbing is heard all night - sounded like my neighbors' bathroom was next to my pillow. There was no valet when we pulled up so we had to keep circling the block until we could pull up, quickly unload our bags, then my husband went looking for parking - not easy in SF/Union Square. We were guaranteed a top floor and they tried to put me on the lowest floor - I did win that battle. The topper was when I called Marriott help they transferred me to a customer service center that was closed!!This should really be marketed as a Motel 6 - but without the price benefit.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great property	We stayed at the Marriott Union Square for 4 days. The property is newly renovated. The lobby is very nice, modern and spacious. The room was beautiful, large, and completely renovated. We paid for a junior suite and access to the conceirge lounge, which was basically a full servie breakfast. The fitness room is large and has all new equipment. The location (as many have noted) can't be beat: one block to Union Sq; Cable car stops at the corner, short walk to Chinatown. We will stay here again when we return to San Francisco.	
Jul 22 2009 	Excellent location	The hotel was perfect for our four day stay in San Francisco. The central location made it very convenient to the trolley and excellent shopping in Union Square. We were able to walk or catch public transit to Chinatown as well as all of the tourist and cultural sites in the city including Fisherman's Wharf. The concierge was very helpful.	
Jul 14 2009 	Might be my new favorite SF Marriott ...	As someone who travels to SF maybe four times a year, I've become quite content staying at the Marriott property on 55 Fourth Street, the full-service Marriott. It's easy to get to off the BART and close to everything. Just for kicks, I decided to stay at the newly-converted Union Square Marriott up on Powell (you know, before the hills get REALLY steep). Loved it. Got a great room (2801), one of, I'm told, only six in the hotel that has a sweeping view of Coit Towers, the bay and is a really large room with a separate living room, bedroom and a bathroom that's two rooms (big shower, vanity and then toilet bath/shower). The concierge lounge is huge and has views on the other side looking out toward Union Square and downtown. We had wine/beer in the lobby but opted to eat elsewhere (so should you, it's SF!). Unsure on parking, but you don't need to be driving in this city anyway. Close to everything, Starbucks across the street. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jul 6 2009 	Enjoyed our stay	Customer service was excellent, except at the front desk, front desk could be a little more friendly/helpful. The doormen were excellent, truly the best customer service. The rest of the staff was excellent. Rooms were nice, very comfortable beds. Restaurant was great, good food and great service, good prices. Great location. Negatives? The cost of parking! $50.00 per night! I know parking in S.F. is valuable, that $50 per night seems to be a bit extreme. Wish hotel had a pool. Enjoyed our stay, will go back!	
Jun 30 2009 	Clean modern hotel in unbeatable location	I stayed here for a couple nights and the room was nice and new. It was on the 28th floor and well insulated from the cable cars and sounds of the gay parade down the street. You can easily walk to everything from this location, so you don't need a car. Only negatives were: room needs a fridge and safe, and the concierge-level happy hour charges ridiculous prices for beer.	
Jun 27 2009 	Good Location Ok Value Thin Walls	I have stayed at the Hotel 480, now the Marriott Union Square, on two occasions, before and after the rooms were updated. Both times were on business (conference at the Moscone Center), and both were at a special conference rate that is a considerable deal over the best available internet rate. The renovation had taken care of some issues over the previous stay, specifically that the rooms are now updated and everything was beautiful and in good working order. I also liked the fact that the property is now non-smoking, as my previous room was a little smoky, even though I had a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor. So, in those respects it’s much improved.I always found the rooms to be very spacious and sunny. The previous stay was in a two double bed room which was extremely spacious, especially for San Francisco. Two people traveling together would be very comfortable in that room. It’s also very conveniently located near public transportation. The Powell BART station is four blocks south. I always schlep my luggage from the station, which can be a little tricky given the crowds in Union Square. So, folks with bulkier baggage may wish to catch a cab. Once there, it is however super easy, fast and cheap to take BART to SFO. I did unfortunately find the walls to be thin and subsequently the room during my second stay was noisy. There was loud door/drawer slamming/banging going on the first night of my second stay which awakened me early in the morning. A call to the front desk put a stop to that, but there was still significant noise transfer to a lesser degree throughout my stay. Given that, I would be inclined to try another hotel next time.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great location and great service	We stayed at this hotel mainly because of its location and the deal we got on the room. It is nice that it is located directly on the cable car route. The service and all the employees were very nice and courteous. The room that we had was nice and cozy. The room we had was more on the small side. It made good use of the space but it could have been a bit bigger for the price. The bed in the room is one of the most comfortable I have had for a hotel. There were a few negatives to this hotel. When we were there the hotel bar was being remodeled. A few times I wanted to go down to have a drink but I could not because the bar was closed. The second problem was the bathroom was very small. There is no way that two people could get ready or go in the bathroom at the same time. My last complaint is that the internet is not free. For what it cost to stay in hotels of this class I would like to have free internet. I think the internet was around $12.00 a day which is a little high.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great Hotel	For the Amount of money paid and the service received I was more than satisfied .	
Jun 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel Excellent Location Excellent Value	We stayed here for five nights at the end of May. The hotel is branded as a Marriott but it is not operating at full power yet. The bar and lounge area is still being renovated and in my view will be hard pushed to be completed by the end of June but then I am no expert. Check in staff we found to be efficient and pleasant enough and the concierge were always keen to assist. The rooms have been renovated but like other reviewers we found the bathroom to be on the basic side for a Marriott. We didn't use the restaurant as it was expensive for our budget but there are plenty of places to eat within minutes of the hotel.Location is excellent. We arrived from San Francisco Airport via BART; got off at Powell Street and it's a straight 10 minute walk up to the corner of Sutter Street and the hotel. There is a Starbucks on one corner, a Walgreens on another and a diner. Also you are only a few minutes away from all the main attractions around Union Square.Overall this is an excellent hotel offering good standards for the money. Once the bar and lounge areas are complete this will improve still further.This was our fourth trip to San Francisco and we would certainly stay in the Marriott Union Square again. If it is your first time in the city this hotel would fit the bill.	
May 25 2009 	Should improve when renovations are completed in June	We knew from reviews that the lobby was undergoing renovations, but there was no business center or bar or comfortable lounging area. None of this was highlighted by the hotel on booking with Marriott. We selected the hotel for its location - perfect to get almost anywhere via cable car, BART, bus or walking and it was a Marriott property. Had originally booked the Stanford Court on Nob Hill but needed to cancel due to a knee injury (too much climbing with a bum knee). Desk staff and bell men were pleasant and helpful. We avoided the concierge because of previous reviews, as well as floors 6 through 8 (noisy). My husband used the fitness center and found it very adequate. Guest rooms are newly updated and a bit sterile, but not unpleasant. All the comments about the size of the bathrooms are right on. Smallest bath since Paris I think. I thought the price was very reasonable for downtown SF, probably more so during the renovations. A Walgreen's across the street provided snacks &amp; other essentials - clearly geared to the foreign tourists.	
May 23 2009 	Newly renovated rooms and common areas	Very nice, newly renovated hotel with style of renovation similar to Marriott Renaissance Hotel Brand. Excellent front desk and housekeeping services. Great location just north of Union Square on Powell, right on cable car line. Bathrooms a bit small, but well appointed.	
May 20 2009 	Location location location	AWESOME location for someone visiting for the first time! We picked this hotel based on the reviews from trip advisor and we were extremely satisfied. We were within walking distance to everywhere we wanted to go (we like to walk). If this is your first visit to San Francisco, DON'T RENT A CAR. You will not need it. I also recommend taking a guided bus tour your first day so you can decide where you want to go back and spend more time at. We LOVED the shopping in Chinatown! We're already planning a return trip for November because 5 nights was not enough for us. I see a lot of comments on the front desk and i can say personally, I was neither impressed or disappointed with them. The gentlemen at the Bell Desk were very helpful!	
May 16 2009 	Excellent Location	We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of April. The room was lovely and very clean and was situated on the 23rd floor, with views of the shops in Union Square. Excellent location for getting around San Francisco. Close to Chinatown and lots of nearby restaurants. Cable car line passes by and stops just across the road on the corner of Powell and Sutter.The staff on both the front desk and the bellmen were all very friendly and helpful. The conceirge also gave good advice with regard to transport in the area. Only two gripes, no personal safe in the room, (although safety deposit boxes were available downstairs, however this is a bit of an inconvenience). plus there wasn't a bar in the hotel at the time of our stay. This I believe should be rectified sometime in June if the notices posted in the hotel are correct.If you don't wish to have breakfast in the Marriott Lori's Diner on the opposite corner is a good place for breakfast (but be prepared to queue, it is very busy). There is also a starbucks right opposite. Overall a very nice hotel in a good location.	
May 14 2009 	Excellent location unfriendly Concierge	I agree with another review who wrote that the lady at the Concierge is quite unpleasant. She wasn't as rude as what the other review described, but I can easily imagine her being like that.The &quot;keys&quot; on her uniform is le Clef d'Or. (the Golden Key) And a Concierge would have to go through several trainings to obtain it and if a staff is wearing it, they better be good! On Les Clefs d'Or USA website they state: &quot;The crossed gold keys on our members’ lapels are the international symbol of our organization and an assurance that you are dealing with an experienced concierge dedicated to providing the highest quality of service to all. Our members, through their extensive networking, are able to provide the ultimate in service to their guests. Les Clefs d’Or concierges continually educate themselves through daily encounters and experiences in their home cities and countries. These concierges broaden and enhance their knowledge, understanding and contacts worldwide, all in an effort to provide the best possible service to guests while providing added value to their hotels. &quot;The Concierge lady was anything but what they describe. I asked her for a few pet shop locations in San Francisco, and after googling, she told me &quot;there's only 1&quot;. ONE?! In the whole of San Francisco?? (earlier I had gone to Front Desk for the same question as the Concierge was not there, and the Front Desk told me after doing a bit of searching that there is none!) I went to that one pet shop she gave me, and asked the shop if SF doesn't have many pet stores and she told me there are lots!When I went to the Concierge lady for some information, while googling for it, the phone rang and she picked it up. She was still in the midst of helping me, but instead of telling the guest she will call right back, she kept on talking to the other guest, while turning her computer screen to me, and pointing to the info. My goodness, what is that for professionalism..... Maybe I should just write to the GM to inform him of her very poor service.I used to be a hotelier at a major 5 star hotel chain too, and I can say that the attitude of the Concierge is unacceptable.The bellstaff were probably the most helpful and pleasant during our 5 nights of stay.The location however is excellent being just steps away from Union Square. Although the hotel gives you a feeling of a simple Holiday Inn kind of hotel (in other words, not luxurious), it is newly renovated thus clean. The bathroom is tiny but at least it's new. Strange they provide soap, but no soap dish though. Housekeeping is not the best, as they only changed the bathtowels and sheets, but clearly did not vacuum or clean the bathroom floor as during the 6 days there, dust started pile up in the corners. So at one glance it looks cleaned, but not thoroughly. I stayed here only because it was very newly renovated, but I can easily imagine the hotel will start to wear out in just a few years time.	
May 13 2009 	Superior Full-Service Marriott but ...	Just returned from a 3-night stay. Very pleasant, low-key, quiet, boutique-like.ROOM: New and spiffy, &quot;Compact&quot; bathroom didn't bother me. Most glaring omission: NO SAFE in a brand-new Marriott: unforgivable and unbelievable. Flat-panel TV with analog signal; why don't you make the internet connection dial-up to go along with the fuzzy TV picture. By the way, no HBO, but STARZ, which turned out to be FOX Business Channel. Note to management: give us real coffee mugs instead of WASTEFUL paper cups in the room!CONCIERGE LOUNGE: very nice, roomy, high quality food but limited selections consistent with recent downgrades across the country. Closed Saturday, reopened Sunday late afternoon. GYM: new Life Fitness treadmills (6) , striders (3), and bikes (3); all with TV's. A water fountain (instead of the current dispenser) would save all the throwaway cups. Aren't you Californians suppose to be more environmentally-aware?LOCATION: probably the best feature. Close to most tourist traps (cable cars, shopping, Chinatown)	
Apr 29 2009 	Rude Concierge and Lack luster Staff	Ok, the two worst things about this hotel are the Front Desk Staff and the Concierge. My first experience set the tone for the stay here. I checked in and was asked a series of questions by the front desk woman that was so rehearsed that she had no personality. I checked into my room (Six Floor) and immediately laid down to take a nap. Within thirty minutes heard a noise that I thought was a bowling alley above me. Come to find out, it was the Fitness Center. So I got back up and went down stairs thinking this will stop at night so I shouldn't have any problem falling asleep. I went down to the concierge to see where I could go for a bite to eat. I went down and there was this older lady with grey/blond hair and not wearing a name badge sitting at the concierge desk. I came up and asked &quot;Are you the concierge?&quot;. Her reply was snipped as she said &quot;Well I am sitting here right?&quot; and she gave me this odd look like &quot;How could you ask such a silly question?&quot;. So I said I wanted to find a place to have dinner, her reply was even worse than the first one, &quot;Maybe try a restaurant...&quot;. Well I decided to give it one more shot and asked a specific question, &quot;I see on the map there is the San Francisco US Mint. Do you know if they are open for tours or have a gift shop?&quot; She rolled her eyes and gave me this look like &quot;What are you stupid?&quot; and then she said &quot;Noooo, they don't have a tours...&quot;. At this point I walked away and she didn't even give the common courtesy to say good bye. If you see a woman sitting at the desk with two key lapel pins stay clear. She is just plain rude!Final straw, I got back to my room around 9pm. Went up stairs got ready for bed and then went to sleep. About 1pm I started hear that noise again. Come to find out, there fitness room is open 24 hours around the clock. I called down to the front desk and they said their fitness room is open 24 and they couldn't do anything about it. I asked to be moved and they said they were full. I finally got to sleep around 2:00am. At 5:30am the noise started again.I WILL NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL EVER AGAIN!	
Apr 22 2009 	Stay clear of Room 821 (and rooms on the 6th 	POOR PLANNING!We stayed in Room 821 which is right above the fitness room. I will just say one thing &quot;FREE WEIGHTS&quot;! Their fitness room is open 24hrs and at any time you can hear the free weights banging on the floor and echoing and vibrating up to our floor and to our friends room on the seventh floor. There is no regards to the comfort of the people that are woke out of a sounds sleep at 4am in the morning. Called down to the front desk and they had no clue on what to do.	
Apr 21 2009 	Very Relaxing Stay	We arrived Friday evening, gave the car to valet, and began a fantastic weekend. I asked the front desk clerk, Andres, for a room facing Coit Tower and was rewarded with a wonderful corner room on the 19th floor with a view of the Bay and the Powell Street hill so we could see the cable cars going up and down. The hotel is small, has no bar which would be a wonderful asset, but hey, there are great bars and restaurants within steps of the hotel which is corner of Powell and Sutter. Only real minus are the very small bathrooms with little counter space for toiletries, but we made it work. Service was superb overall. Hotel newly renovated so the rooms are clean and well appointed. We asked for a late check out Sunday morning and were given until 2 P.M. so we were able to go down to the Ferry Building for a wonderful breakfast and some shopping in the indoor Ferry Building marketplace.	
Apr 7 2009 	First Review of complete Renovation- Excellent Choice	HOTEL REVIEW # 170 Marriott Union SquareMY TRAVEL STYLE: If possible, I try to stay away from business hotels and strongly prefer resorts that resemble the Four Seasons, Aman, and Oberoi but try to find similar properties at lower cost. I seek out the “wow” experiences and I encourage you to view hotels I have stayed at and their respective reviews (by clicking on my name).LOCATION: Excellent. A few blocks from the shopping of Union Square and the nightlife on Geary street. TYPE OF ROOM: Standard Room.BED/SHEETS/PILLOW: Excellent bed, high quality linens, and perfect down pillows.LIGHTING: Good lighting in bedroom and bathroom.BATHROOM/SHOWER: This is the downside of the room. The bathroom is tiny and there is barely room to put a toiletry bag. They did a good job with the space but it is so small. The shower has good water pressure and can be made consistently hot if desired.TOILETRIES: Bed &amp; Bath products…. Very good.CLEANLINESS: Hotel is 3 days old and very clean.A/C: Didn’t useCLOSET SPACE: Average size, but may be too small for 2 people to unpack all items.STYLE OF ROOM: Very comfortable room and some nice style.COMMON AREA: Lobby is small and not really a place to hang out. Looks like a hip boutique hotel as opposed to a Marriott.QUIET/MORNING LIGHT: Room was exceptionally quiet but could hear a loud car go by occasionally. Definitely worth getting a high floor for less street noise.FOOD: Room service food quality was mediocre. TV/INTERNET: TV has many channels. Internet is available for $12.95SERVICE: Staff are nice. One person sent me the wrong direction making me late for a meeting in the city.SUMMARY:Definitely one of the best Marriott experiences since it is brand new, looks less like a Marriott and more like a boutique hotel. I have also stayed at the W and the Monaco, and this will be my top choice now in the $200 hotel range. If you are ok with a tiny bathroom, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great Room Friendly Service Fantastic Location	Stayed here for 7 nights in February - reception was very friendly and offered a choice of rooms. The room was very large and comfortable, and the daily service left it immaculate. The lobby area is still under renovations, but that may be why the price was so good. The hotel location is outstanding if you want to be downtown (one block from Union Square) and as it is on the tram line it is easy to get around. The tram line adds a little noise if your room is lower down, but the rooms are well insulated for sound, so that wasn't a problem. For my stay the room was less than $100 U.S. a night...very hard to beat. Did not use the restaurant, but there are good breakfast places nearby, and who wants to eat in a hotel when you are in a city with so many good restaurants?	
Mar 28 2009 	It is changing to a Marriott on April 1 2009- Needs some fine tuning	We stayed for 9 nights at Hotel 480. The first and most important thing to know is that the lobby and front door area is under construction. This was not a big deal for me as I only spent about 30 seconds in those areas each day. As it was under construction we got a great deal, (94.00 per night - expedia). The construction work is only done through the day, so for most people that is not a proplem unless you are a very late sleeper.The rooms are very nice, appears to be almost all new carpet, furniture and fixtures. Our room had two proplems. The first was that even though we were on the 19th floor there are no window curtains on the floor to ceiling windows in the bathroom. Not a big deal until the workers/window washers come by (they did, then a mad dash to become fully dressed). Really the hotel should have some sort of curtains or covering, a person with a good telescope in another building could be getting a good show.The other issue is the old story of chasing the hot water in the morning. I thought all hotels had beaten this proplem. The showers in the morning were an ongoing problem each day we were there. Ranged from very cold to too hot, with a few moments of just right thrown in. Perhaps being on the 19th floor had a bearing, but it should not be so.The hotel has to work on this if it wants to attact the business crowd, end of story!The staff were OK, not great, not bad, cleaning staff missed a couple of things during the stay, but when spoken to it was fixed.We took the advice of another on this site and asked for a corner unit on a upper floor, good advice in regards to traffic and outside noise, (it is downtown after all), The corner unit gives you a 2nd door to close that will keep hallway noise from invading your room. (Weekends guests seem to make more noise) The only proplem with ours was that we were locked in our small hallway until I pried it open, the hardware on the frame was missing, not a big deal until there is a fire and you want to leave quickly!!Once again, Marriiott is a big company and I am sure that they will fix most of these issues. Overall it is clean and well appointed and I would stay there again.	
Mar 27 2009 	BEST VALUE EVER!	Based on other reviews my husband booked a room here over another hotel he stayed at previously. I can't believe the clean, stylish rooms at the room rate we paid. There is still renovations going on in the lobby and exterior, probably the reason for the low room rate. But this was definitely the best by for our $. Hopefully the roomrates are still affordable on our next trip back to SF. Walgreens, Diner and Starbucks right across the street. Right on the cable car run. Great staff and service.	
Mar 10 2009	Excellent Customer Service	We stayed at this hotel from 25-Feb-2009 to 4-Mar-2009 and would like to highlight the excellent customer service we received from all the staff but especially Diana (front-desk), James (bellman) and the 2 concierges.We also had reservations at the J W Marriott but at the last minute based on reviews at this site decided to make reservations here instead. Yes, the hotel was still undergoing some renovations but we were not inconvenienced by it. The service, the large room, comfortable beds and location more than made up for it.I was travelling with my 73-year-old Mother and was worried beforehand about the how far the hotel was to the shopping area but in the end she found the short walk a breeze and was making several trips back to the hotel a day to unload her shopping bags.I also used the fitness center everyday and it was more than adequate. The TV screen on each cardio machine made my workout more enjoyable.JoNZ	
Mar 6 2009 	Excellent Hotel in a great location with brand new rooms and friendlt staff	We booked the hotel after reading reports on here. We wanted a centrally located hotel reasonably priced with a nice room with a view. We got more than expected! We arrived at the Hotel 480 after our ten hour flight to a clean but rather dated lobby, the concierge explaned that the 'new' lobby was next door under wraps and they would be moving there in the next few days, something that happened during our stay. We were shown to our room on the 21st floor. The room was of a good size, brand new, totally refurbished it smelled of new carpet and fresh plaster! The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was classy with marble tops and once again all new bath/shower wc. The 32' flat screen TV had 30 something channels including the all important weather channel. On to the Location. The hotel 480 sits convienently on the corner of Sutter and Powell, where the cable car,(like a tram but pulled by an underground cable) runs right outside! to both Union square (1 block) and the Westfield shopping mall one way and the other way to Fishermans Wharf. Also various buses run along Sutter and Geary (1 block away). There is a drug store on the opposite corner and Loris Diner. The only negatives were that due to the renovations the bar and restaurant had to close whilst we were there to be relocated with the new lobby. Room service during this time was only available for Breakfast. This for us this was a minor inconvience as there were plenty of places to eat/drink within a few minutes walk. I also tried the gym which had all new life fitness machines! We would highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 25 2009 	Better but still not there yet	I have stayed at Hotel 480 two years in a row for a 2-day conference. The renovations are superb. The rooms are now modern and much more comfortable than my 2008 visit. The hotel is also very affordable. Cleanliness, however, does not seem to be their forte. I'll spare the details, but suffice it to say that the cleaning crew could do a much better job (and should probably wear hair nets)!	
Feb 11 2009 	Awful Customer Service	The manager Chris was just not nice. Granted we did need to make changes to our reservation but his accommodation to us for the fact that we booked it through hotels.com instead of through their reservation system he made us go through multiple loop holes and over two hours on the phone to get resolved. Unbelieveable. No customer service what so ever.	
Feb 8 2009 	Loved The 480!	If you have read the earlier reviews I can tell you that everyone was dead on about the 480. The 480 is located at &quot;480&quot; Sutter Street. Very easy to remember where your hotel is when the name of the hotel is where the hotel is. Brought the family to S.F. for the Chinese New Year Parade and festivities. We were only 1 block from the parade and of course very close to all of the festivities. I liked everything about our room. The beds were very comfortable. There was a nice, thick comfy bedspread with 4 pillows on each bed. We had a flat screen tv but didn't really have much time to watch it. There is a nice alcove that holds a small coffee pot for coffee/tea. The headboard has two reading lights as mentioned below. The colors/decorating were very nice. The bathroom has a light in the shower if you want to just have it on so as to not disburb other family members sleeping when showering. (The bathroom has a frosted glass sliding door so I was concerned the light might be too bright). We were unsure as to where the parking garage was for the hotel and ended up parking in another lot which I understand was quite a bit less expensive. We ran into the cleaning lady in the hall in the morning and she was very nice. The bellmen/doormen were very nice, friendly and helpful. The next time we come back to S.F. we will definetely stay at the 480. And this time it will be longer than just one night. Kudos 480 for a very nice job on the renovation and for the friendly and helpful service.	
Jan 22 2009	Great Rooms	We booked a room with two beds but when we checked-in they had none available so they upgraded us to a Jr. Suite which was sweet. The rooms are big &amp; nice especially the bathroom. The hotel smells brand new but the only problem was the exterior of the hotel which is undergoing construction. We did not hear any construction; this is a great place plus it's located near Union Square. We will definately stay there again but beware the parking is $46 per day however, there is a parking garage right next to it which is cheaper for only $30. I would recommend to park there instead.	
Jan 19 2009 	An absolute gem! It is now on my favorite list.	I was first attracted to this hotel because it was in my price range; I heard SF was very expensive so being my first time, I was happy to find a hotel until $150 a night (I actually got it for $110/night).From the minute I arrived, I could not have picked a better hotel! The staff was friendly. I arrived at 7:30 a.m. (well, before check in) but Chris had a room for me within minutes. And what a room it was!! The other desk clerk seemed friendly and the concierge, bell hops and doormen were AWESOME!!! They always had a warm greeting and a smile on their face; very accommodating and helpful! My room was AWESOME!!! It didn't have the best view, but it wasn't horrible either- I was in room 1203. It was great because it had it's own little alcove entrance. The room was pretty big (king bed) and I immediately fell in love with the colors and decor. The bathroom is tiny in size, but also liked how it was decorated. The water pressure was perfect!! Maybe even a bit too much for the faucet at the sink. The toiletries are from Bath &amp; Body Works. I loved the headboard on the bed-- it had two little reading lights that gave just enough light to read, but not enough to disturb the person on the other side of the bed. They now have flat screen tvs in the rooms. There was a nice sitting area (chair/ottoman) near the bay window in my room.LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!!! I don't think there is a better spot in the entire city. It is less than 100 ft from the Powell/Hyde trolley and has a Starbuck's on one corner and a Walgreen's on the other. There were a lot of dining options in any direction once you walked outside. As far as the renovation is concerned, the only thing I noticed is that the front (the facade) is covered and there is scaffolding at the entrance of the hotel. I never heard any construction noise (but.. I wasn't in my room during the day). I was not at all inconvenienced or troubled by the renovation-- I can't wait to go back when they are done to see what it's going to look like!A small, but sort of important note: The elevators were very quick! I never had to wait more than a few seconds. Very nice when you come back and all you want to do is go rest in your room. I have been in hotels that I have had to wait more than 10 minutes for an elevator. I was traveling on my own (single female) and always felt safe in the hotel and in the surrounding area. Again, it was great that the trolley stop was basically right outside the hotel entrance. Some travel tips if you go:1. Get a Go San Francisco card! I saved over $50 on attractions- I paid $79 for a 3 day pass and did: Wine Country tour , biked the bridge to Sausalito , City Bus Tour, Wax Museum, and the Alcatraz tour. You can purchase online, in advance.2. Grayline tours (and probably all tours): Definitely ask for a DETAILED description of the actual tour. I took two Grayline tours (they were on my GoCard) and neither one really matched the brochure description. The City Bus tour and the Wine Country Tour.3. I was told not to miss going to Scoma's and Boudin's for lunch/dinner. Both places were ok, but not worth the $$. I had Fish and Chips at Scoma's (Sausalito)- $24- way overpriced and nothing special. To be fair to Boudin's, I did NOT have the chowder; I had Jumbo Shrimp and Chips ($24.95)- the shrimp was tasty but again, not worth the money. 4. Get a pass for the trolley, MUNI, cable car system-- very convenient instead of having to carry around change and/or money for the fares. A 3 day pass (which I bought at Walgreen's) was $18. 5. If you are looking for the Real World San Francisco house, it's at 953 Lombard (not on the crooked section-- it's between Leavenworth and Jones and.. it's a very steep walk back up to Hyde- where the crooked street begins!)Again, I cannot wait to go back so I can stay at Hotel 480 again. It seemed like they had a lot of return customers. Each time I spent more than 5 minutes in the lobby (waiting for shuttles/tour buses), people were constantly saying Hi to the employees using their first names. It reminded me a bit of Cheers- where everyone knew each others names. I had nothing but an amazing experience at Hotel 480 and highly recommend it! (Definitely check out the discount hotel sites- hotels.com, travelocity, etc. for a reasonable rate-- I was happy to get it for $110 a night, but feel it's worth at least $200-$250!)	
Jan 19 2009 	Outstanding hotel - best bargain for a 4+ star in SF-Enjoy it while you can	Have stayed at this hotel when it was the Crown Plaza. Location is absolutely the best - 1 block from Union Squuare .. Rumor has it that once the exterior and lobby renovation is complete, it will be reflagged as the Union Square Marriott. The interior and room renovations are complete and the qualtiy is outstanding. I got a rate that is probably abpout 1/3 of what you will pay once the Marriott flag goes up and is easily 50-75% below comaparable quality hotels in the area. The front of the building is being renovated so it's all boarded up and there is a warning about noise. However, I was on the 20th floor and not once during a four day stay did I hear any noise or have to detour around any work.	
Jan 14 2009 	Great location totally woth the money	Staid with my family their for 3 nights. Great location in walking distance to Union Square. Cable Car stops right next to the hotel. Friendly staff, awesome room (just new renovated - formerly Crown Plaza) and suprisingly really silent. Have staid in lots of other SF hotels, like Hilton etc. - this was the best 4star hotel so far!	
Dec 30 2008 	Wonderful hotel affordable and great location	We booked our hotel stay for 4 nights about 2 months ahead and got a really good deal through Travelocity for about 88$ per night. The hotel is being renovated, so you cant really see the facade. But, as soon as you enter, its perfect. It's beautifully maintained(everything is brand new). We checked in late at night and the staff was very courteous and helpful. Room service is not 24 hours, that's the only thing you need to watch out for. We asked for and got a room on the 19th floor- away from all the street noise, and with a pretty good view. We had a glimpse of the bay even. The higher floors have even better view but they were still under renovation. The bathroom was clean and housekeeping was excellent. There isn't a business center, but they do have a computer attached to a printer just for printing your boarding passes and checking in online - that's good enough! It's right at the corner of Powell and Sutter - on the cable car line. Getting in at this stop is much better than walking down to union square where the lines are too long. There is a Starbucks right opposite the hotel. Walgreen and Loris diner are right across the street. Everything you could need is a block away at most. I repeat myself, but the location was perfect! Sorry, we forgot to take pics of the room. The bathroom toiletries were from bath and body works. The reception can provide maps and directions to most of the places you would want to visit. Chinatown is just 2 blocks away. Union square is about a block away. I would recommend not driving and parking in SF as the costs are high and public transport is readily available. Most places are a cab drive away at most.	
Dec 21 2008 	Confortable room--Expensive parking	Our single king room on the 8th floor was large, quiet, and comfortable with a coffee maker but no refrigerator. The room was clean and newly renovated. Bed and sheets were comfortable, but the towels were rough. We only stayed Saturday night, and heard zero construction noise. The room had a large desk and comfortable office chair, but the small light on one side did not provide adequate illumination.I thought the room rate of $134 plus tax was a bargain for the area, but parking was $46 plus $6 tax. The nearby Sutter Stockton garage ($33.50) is an option, especially for longer stays.	
Nov 28 2008 	Great place to stay	Stayed at Hotel 480 for 2 nights.Great location.The room was newly remodeled so everything was new and clean.The staff were nice and helpful.The couple things I wish were a coffee table and a refrigerator in a room.I would stay at this hotel again and totally recommend staying here.	
Nov 21 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	We were looking for a reasonably-priced, safe hotel close to all. This exceeded our expectations. I believe that we had a renovated room, it had that new room smell. The room itself is big and modern, nicely decorated. The bathroom is small but has plenty of shelving for our stuff, though it could have used some more towel hooks. We were on the 18th floor so the view was great, a bit scary looking down. They were doing work but it did not bother us since we were out for most of the day. We could hear noise from the outside but it was not bad, only to be expected when staying in a city.The staff was nice and helpful, I had called prior to check-in with some questions and they were very courteous.The location is convenient and safe, we did run into a few colorful characters but no one bothered us. Having the Walgreens open 24 hours a day was great since our luggage was delayed. There are a ton of both small and large restaurants and cafes within a block or two. The bar in the hotel was empty when we walked by, a bit dark with no view. I had to find a flaw and it was the final day when I went to check my email and there were no computers for guest's use. This would have been nice but it would not keep me from staying again.	
Nov 19 2008 	Engagement Night	We spent the night of our engagement at Hotel 480 and the staff went out of their way to make it special. They helped me arrange to have champagne and roses waiting in the room. They gave us an amazing suite which was nicely furnished and had a beautiful view.The hotel was in a great location - about a block from Union Square. It was close to our restaurant and the theater district. I was extremely impressed with this hotel and the value. I live in San Francisco and hadn't heard of this hotel until I reserved a room online. For some reason, it seems to have slipped under the radar. Well, I saw pictures of the future upgrades which is going to make this hotel even better and I'm sure it is going to get noticed then.Definitely would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 16 2008 	Nice Room Friendly Staff Great Location	Stayed in one of the remodeled rooms for a long weekend (#1105). Very quiet. Staff was helpful. Location was very convenient to the Union Square / Powell street shopping, Very good rate through Travelocity. Yes, you don't have full hotel restaurant options during the remodeling. We didn't miss it a bit with options in the area. Would stay here again.	
Oct 24 2008 	Mundane but good location	Really good location just 100m from Union Square and beside a cable car line.Apart from that the hotel is currently being renovated and this may help the hotel, but it is very mundane. Everything about it was avergae- check in, receptionist and the standard of the room. Would be nice to have in room tea or coffee facilities. If you are staying here, I would recommend asking for a room in a higher floor in order to have a decent view.	
Oct 15 2008 	Excellent!	Loved this hotel, staff at door and front desk were very friendly. We were orginally given a room with 2 beds but we had booked a king room. They immediately sent someone up to take us and our luggage to a new room which had an amazing view!Excellent location, everything right there. Loris diner across the street was yummy! There is also a Walgreens across the street too...very handy!No complaints when we stayed! Enjoy!	
Oct 12 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed in a great hotel, just off Union Square in San Francisco at the end of September. The hotel is being remodelled, is shrouded in scaffolding and missing a restaurant (hence only 4 stars), but the staff were welcoming, the location excellent. Then there was the view. We had a room on the 29th floor facing across the city, giving panoramic views to the bay. The room was a little dated, but the beds were comforatble with new high quality linens and nice smellies in the bathroom.The hotel had an excellent fitness room.We skipped breakfast in the hotel and went to Starbucks or the bagel place just down the road that were both considerably cheaper.Union Square is definately the place to stay if you are a tourist visiting the city. It is close to the shops and restaurants, so is great in the evenings. The hotel is right by the cable car stop so you can go to all the attractions by the bay.	
Oct 9 2008 	Price good average stay with poor front desk service though	My husband and I travel frequently to SF and booked the 480 for a week because it had received some very good reviews on Trip Advisor and we got a good deal. The location is great, just a block off Union Square and along the Powell cable car line.We were first put in a renovated room on the 8th floor, facing Sutter and nearly on the corner with Powell. The room was a good size with a king bed, sitting area, great desk and flatscreen TV, and a nice sized bathroom (tub-shower combo). The bed was very comfortable too! The renovated rooms look like the new Marriott Courtyards - one of the staff members told us it may become a Courtyard at some point. Unfortunately, the street noise during the night (a Saturday) was awful. It sounded like the windows were wide open in our room. Honks weren't muffled at all, we could sing along to the music from loud cars, and we actually heard people's conversations from the street! I got up a few times to check the windows and make sure they were all closed - they were. We've stayed in many large cities and in many properties in and around Union Square and have never had this problem. I'm not sure if this issue will eventually be fixed with the renos - right now they're working on the facade of the building and it looks like the glass in the window is thin and only single pane?At any rate, the next morning - a Sunday - we headed down to the front desk to request a room change. The first woman we talked to was helpful and assured us that we could be moved but that they would like to wait until noon or so, when people would be checking out and rooms would be available. She mentioned that it would be good if we were ready to move (i.e., packed) when we came back.When we arrived at noon though - with our bags all packed - there was another woman behind the desk, an older asian lady. From the beginning she didn't appear to want to help us or even take the time to listen. We heard much &quot;no&quot;, &quot;I don't know&quot;, &quot;we can't...&quot; and one word answers with no explanation for the first few minutes of our conversation.All we wanted was a simple move to a quieter room, something that shouldn't have been a problem at all in a hotel as big as the 480 (and particularly on a Sunday, when many people are checking out). We weren't looking for a bigger room, a room with a view, or even necessarily a renovated room. Just something a little quieter! This could have been achieved by putting us on the other side of the building or perhaps even moving us up a few floors. From the attitude you would have thought we were asking for the moon and the stars though.We finally got her to agree that they would LIKELY be able to move us but we would have to leave our bags with the concierge and come back IN PERSON to check in a few hours - no guarantees. Needless to say this put a bit of a kink in our sightseeing plans for the day but at that point we were just happy we had made some headway with this woman.We were eventually moved - to a smaller room on the other side of the building a few floors up. The room had construction going on around it during the days (somewhat inconvenient, particularly when they started doing some glue-smelling tile work one morning at 4 AM). But it was quiet at night, which is what we were looking for.However, there was a complete lack of customer service and willingness to accommodate here. The only other time we've requested a move in a hotel - at the Grand Hyatt at DFW Airport - it happened within minutes and they came to our room and personally brought our luggage to the new room! So this experience early in our weeklong stay definitely soured me a bit on this hotel.Physically it's a nice property though and should be very nice once all the renos are completed. There are still a few finishing touches to be added - the stopper in the sink in one of our rooms didn't work, a bathroom door was pretty sticky, there was a full length mirror in one of the rooms and not the other, no mini fridges yet, etc - and they do continue to do quite a bit of rather noisy work during the day (and apparently they're behind schedule).We found most of the other staff - particularly the bellmen, valets, and cleaning staff - friendly and accommodating. A colleague of my husband's arrived later in the week and was treated very well by other front desk staff. He was even upgraded to a good-sized suite with a view of Fisherman's Wharf.But overall I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here again, unless they were offering a good rate. There are many great hotels in the area!	
Oct 7 2008 	An excellent stay	I ended up staying at this hotel because I needed a room for a week at short notice - one of those sight-unseen bookings.The hotel itself was very nice. There was construction going on - but it was never intrusive, never a problem. I found the staff to be 50/50 between nice and helpful - and snotty and superior. The lady bartender should be avoided whenever possible.I had a room on the 27th floor with an excellent view towards Coit Tower. The room was large, well appointed, and bed was wonderful. The shower was very nice - and the shower head was high enough for me (I'm 6'4&quot;). The housekeeping crew kept the room immaculate, and they just seemed to pop in at the proper time to straighten things up. The only negative would be juggling the temperature to keep it constant.The hotel was very convenient - Walking distance to the Moscone Center, two blocks to Chinatown, quite a bit of reasonable dining within easy walking distance.If I ever need to stay in that area again - I'd certainly go back to Hotel 480.	
Sep 27 2008 	Loved my Stay at Hotel 480	I stayed at Hotel 480 during the 2008 Oracle Open World conference. The check in desk personnel were very welcoming, and my room was great! The hotel is undergoing a major renovation. I think I may have been the first one to stay in my room after it was renovated. In fact they were still working on some rooms on the floor. The room is very large and bright. The windows filled most of one wall. The furnishings were very nice, great colors! The bathroom was well lit and spacious enough. The bed and pillows - were so comfortable. Only odd thing was the lack of a full length mirror. And, $10/day for internet service was a bit steep. Walgreen 's was across the street, and I made several trips for water, diet coke and forgotten items. I would definitely recommend the hotel, and would love to stay there again.	
Sep 26 2008 	A rip-off though I do heart the comfy beds.	After several nights of inns and motels on my road trip, I was so ready to sleep on a nice fluffy bed with equally fluffy pillows and duvet. Hotel 480 did not disappoint. Check-in was a breeze, and the staff was extremely courteous. The location made it easy to walk almost everywhere we wanted to go, which was great, because who wants to drive in SF? I have no complaints about my experience here; in fact, I would whole-heartedly recommend it to anyone...that is, anyone with deep pockets. Internet access was $10 per day, and parking was approximately $50 a day after taxes. Now, I'm from LA so I'm used to paying premium prices for parking and mandatory valet, but $50 was a sticker shock, even for me. In the end, everything added up to almost $300 a night for a room in a three-star hotel. We had a good experience here, but not THAT good.	
Sep 21 2008 	Good sized rooms and location shame about the building work!!	My family and I stayed at the Hotel 480 for 3 nights, we had booked 2 separate rooms, upon arrival we could see there was building work taking place externally, when we checked in there was no mention at reception about the work only a note left in the rooms stating work would only happen between 9am and 5pm. Also although check-in was 3pm 1 of our rooms was not ready for over an hour after!Our compensation for the building work was 20% off a diner across the road which we first thought was great until we got our Map of the area to only find that anyone could get 20% of so we didn't feel that satisfied.Overall though the rooms were very good size and well equipped, we stayed on the 23rd floor facing towards Fisherman's Wharf so had a great view . Although the building work was happening we were not in much during the day, I think twice we heard the drilling. We just wished we had been informed prior to our arrival.Our overall satisfaction was good but this will be a better hotel when the works are complete.	
Sep 15 2008 	great value in s.f.	A great place to stay. Because of the ongoing construction, (scaffolds on ouside of building),a bargain rate for this area. ($89) Many hotels in area are $200+.This is right on the cable car route.Just a few blocks down is the Grant street entrance to chinatown. Stayed on 10th floor.The room was newly remodeled and nice. It did not have fridge or microwave. Can buy the muni pass across street at walgreens which allows for unlimited bus and cable car rides.	
Sep 14 2008 	Great hotel at great price!	Went to San Fran as a late summer family vacation, and had a great time! As others have stated, this hotel is about a 5 block walk up a very slight hill from the BART station. We stayed at Hotel 480 Sunday through Wednesday, and while downtown we did not have a car, the BART, MUNI and cable cars all provide great access to wherever you want to go. While the hotel was undergoing rennovation during our stay, the only time we noticed any noise was between 9 and 5, and only noticed it when we got off the elevators. We had rooms 2101 and 2102, which was great because we had a little &quot;alcove&quot; that shut our two rooms off from the main hallway. Very private. Walgreens across the street sells passes to cable cars, and you can purchase whatever you forgot to pack! We too ate at Sears, and just 1 block up steep Powell Street is Sontano's Grill, which had a great happy hour, and then Roxanne's Cafe for some great pasta. We never did eat at the hotel; however, when I was speaking to the concierge about some restaurant choices in Napa, the chef did help give his recommendations for downtown SanFran and Napa area. Thursday and Friday we rented a car and drove to the Napa area (stayed in American Canyon) and that was also nice to get out of the city. Muir Woods seemed to &quot;cleanse&quot; us from the noice, hustle and bustle of the city. If you get a chance, go to Hurley's restaurant in Yountville, a family-owned restaurant that has a great heated outdoor patio, good food and great ambiance. Also ate at Cole's Chop House in Napa, good food as well but all ala carte and a bit pricey.Two 50 yr olds and two 21 year olds, and we all had a &quot;favorite day&quot; --Alcatraz, Bike the Bridge (you've got to do this, and have a great lunch in picturesque Sauscilito!), Muir Woods. Definitely worth a return trip!	
Sep 2 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	Stayed here for 5 nights in a 28th Floor Corner Jr Suite.Large windows overlooking the city and the bay.Room was clean and comfortable when we arrived and was quiet being 2 stories from the top.Hotel is going thru transitional period converting to a Marriott and the on site construction was not a issue for us at all.Booked the room thru Priceline and saved hundreds from hotel site.Hotel 480 is close to BART and right on Powell Cable car line.Check out Piraat Pizzeria down Sutter 600 block for amazing pizza,and Sears, 1/2 block down Powell has great food you can't go wrong.The best breakfast in San Fran ( They have many accolades) is at Mamas on Filbert 600 block on Washington Square..Get there early huge lines can develop for this one.We walked from Hotel 480 a couple of times to Mamas and built up a good morning appetite!! Try the walk to AT&amp;T Park.. go up 3rd St to the Ballpark from Market, and then all the way back to Pier 39, down the Embarcadreo, it is splendid walking.Definitely would go back to Hotel 480 to enjoy another San Fran holiday.	
Aug 30 2008 	very good location bt rude staff	reasonably priced, nice hotel, very good location. rude staff. i wud stay there again. cleaners took my sleeping bag by mistake and couldnt return it. very clean hotel, gym wasnt working and from the sounds of it, i wonder if it ever will open.	
Aug 29 2008 	Had a decent stay here	Stayed here recently. Room was comfortable. They gave us a high floor since the mezzanine level was torn apart and under construction. Good location downtown. Only problem we encountered was they have a computer by the front desk with a sign stating it is only to be used for printing airline boarding passes and to use the business center for internet use. (Business center is on mezzanine level which is torn apart) We asked at the front desk where we could find a computer for internet use, and the front desk agent rolled his eyes and said in a VERY snotty tone, &quot; maybe you should have read the sign!&quot; We told him that we did read it - we went and got the sign , brought it back to him and pointed out that the business center was torn apart. We got a &quot; oh - sorry&quot;Other than a front desk guy having a bad day, it was alright.	
Aug 26 2008	Great hotel	The check-in went perfect even if we arrived very late. The rooms were clean, and big. The staff at the checkóin desk were helpful.The location of the hotel for a city trip is perfect, the Union square is 2 minutes away. Around the hotel there are several Strabucks caffees and diners. We felt very safe as the area is very busy but inside the hotel you did not hear the noise anymore.I would definitely come back again.	
Aug 14 2008 	We've got much more than we've payed!!!	My husband did the reservation 1 month in advance and we stayed 4 nigths for $99/rate. The room was adequate size, clean, good bathroom with an amazing tube, wonderfull king bed. High floor with a wiew. Starbucks just in fron of. Cablecar on the corner. The best location for a tourist: walking distance to stores and restaurants even in the night (we felt secure). Easy access to MUNI. The only problem: they make you phone call their providor (and wait a long time on the line) and pay $10/d to have internet and there staff are rude . A tip for first travelers to SF: Union Square is the best place to stay. Just: DON'T DARE HAVE A CAR THERE ($46/night).	
Aug 10 2008	Great location would go back!	Got a huge room on the 29th floor.Two big beds plus a settee. Plenty of space and a great location.Five minutes to downtown, 2 minutes to union square. Starbucks outside the entrance plus a range of restaurants very closeby.did the tourist thing and had breakfast at Sears 1 minute away. Got there at 8am on Sunday morning,no queues. Truly a lovely breakfast.In all, very pleased.	
Aug 4 2008 	Would stay here again!	Would stay here again. Very good rate. Easy walk from Bart and 1 block from Union Square. Staff helpful, room clean, nice comfortable bed. Everything you might need (Walgreens), dining, close by.	
Jul 27 2008 	One of the best hotels I've ever stayed at.	From the second that my family and I pulled up to the hotel until we left, we were treated as if we owned the place. The whole hotel is non-smoking...huge plus in my book. From the doorman to the desk staff, everyone was concerned that our stay was the best experience that it could be. The hotel was very well decorated (fair share of marble included), sparkling clean, smelled great...there is not anything about this hotel that was negative. I know that there may be more &quot;plush&quot; hotels...but I include the level of service from the staff when reviewing a hotel. I would compare this hotels service with any of the hotels I've stayed at in Hong Kong or Tokyo. I look forward to the oportunity to stay here again.	
Jul 24 2008 	Excellent value hotel right in the heart of San Francisco	We got this hotel from Expedia just a couple of weeks before we arrived in San Francisco and were starting to panic that everything would be sold out. Hotel rates were also very high, but we found this one for $120 a night so took a chance. It's one block from Union Square and about 3 from Chinatown so the location is ideal. Our room was very spacious and comfortable, in fact we were delighted when we saw the room. We really think we got a bargain. The staff were friendly and helpful and everything about the hotel was clean and smart-looking. The only bad thing: we were charged an extortionate rate for wireless internet connection, and we stayed at much seedier, cheaper motels and hostels where internet was free!	
Jul 12 2008	Great Bargain	I get to San Fran every other month and this hotel ends up to be a great deal time after time. You can usually find a great deal on travelocity or orbitz. If you can, ask for a corner room. They are with two sides full of windows, huge king bed, two sitting areas, they also have a fridge. The hotel is in the heart of union square and has eating places across the street along with a walgreens.	
Jul 11 2008 	Perfect stay!	With so many hotels to choose from in San Francisco, I was hoping I had selected one that I could call Excellent and Hotel 480 fit the bill! The hotel and room exceeded my expectation and the location is perfect! Following check-in by a very helpful staff, we walked across the street from the hotel and hopped on a cable car - even my 15 year-old daughter thought that was pretty cool! Our room was large and very comfortable for the three of us (2 adults, 1 teenager). And after my husband dragged us around the city until 11:00pm we were happy that there was a Starbucks on an opposite corner! Would definitely recommed this hotel and it will be my first choice when we visit San Francisco again!	
Jul 2 2008 	Good stay at the Hotel 480	I recently stayed for 3 nights at the Hotel 480 and have no compaints whatsoever. Its a very decent hotel in a great location.Its close to great shopping and the Bart as well as being convenient for most of the major tourist options. All in all a solid hotel!	
Jun 25 2008 	Absolutely loved it!	We stayed at the Hotel 480 on our honeymoon. Upon late arrival we were greeted at the curb by the bellhop who helped us with our bags from the cab. We were upgraded from a standard high-floor room to a corner suite looking out to the bay. The views were fantastic! The hotel staff was great and the Concierge was very helpful and friendly every time we needed help. They also arranged an airport shuttle for us.The location is perfect, especially if you don't have a rental car. The cable car line is right outside the door and streetcar and subway stops are only a couple blocks away. The room was spacious and the bed was very comfortable. It was our first time in San Francisco and we'll definitely stay here on our next visit.	
Jun 25 2008	West Coast's BEST!	What a marvelous experience. I traveled to San Francisco with my 83 year old mother in May 08. The city is perfect for any age visitor. Beleive it or not the weather was fantastic! We happened to be there at the time of a heat wave 85 - 90 degrees everyday for five consecutive days. Stayed at the Hotel 480 near Union Square. I never thought a four day stay in a hotel room could be as enjoyable as this. We booked a junior suite - for the extra space. The room more than met our expectations. It was spacious with a beautiful view of the city. But to the city -charming, classy, eclectic, romantic, and definitely easy to navigate. Many modes of public transportation from the cable cars to trolleys to buses. Of course cabs are available but public transportation offers a real taste of the city. Be sure to visit the Ferry building (offers service to Sausalito - the beauty of Sausalito will blow your mind) and a farmers market on weekends, the Presidio, Fishermans Wharf and Pier 39 to see the seals bask in the sun, Haight Ashbury (a real kick). If time permits spend a day in Napa Valley - Sterling Vinyards offers a tram ride and wine tasting for $20 - good deal. &quot;Stinking Rose&quot; is a great restaurant in North Beach section of SF. Great Italian food. This was well worth the cross-country flight as we are east coast residents. ENJOY!	
Jun 24 2008 	Fab Stay Hotel 480	We stayed at Hotel 480 June 21-23. We arrived early so they held our bags till we could check in later in the day. The bellman and the front desk clerk were very friendly. They both offered great advice about how to get tickets for the transporation in the city. The bellman drew a map and wrote down the Hotel phone # in case we got lost. The hotel location is fantastic. One block from the square. Starbucks, and Walgreens across the street.Our room was large with two double beds, large picture window overlooking the city. Nice fluffy towels with Bath &amp; body works samples. Our beds were comfortable.The hotel needs to upgrade the pillows to feather pillows not foam. A mini fridge would be nice too.My girls enjoyed playing the cd player in the room. Nice size tv with remote. We would definitly stay at Hotel 480 in the future.Valet parking is quite expensive. That's the city. I did find one block over the Sutter/Stockton Parking lot for 33.50 a day.Still high but more reasonable then the hotel and most of the lots in the city.	
Jun 21 2008 	Loved Hotel 480	Beautiful hotel in a terrific location near Union Square with restaurants and trolley line. Very clean, with a huge corner room. Nice staff, very helpful concierge.	
Jun 21 2008 	Good rooms and service - a bit noisy though	We stayed on the 18th floor of this hotel for seven nights. (Me, my wife and three kids aged 7, 9 and 9 yrs) The rooms were clean, and the service we received was as expected from a four star hotel... Toiletries and towels replaced every day, room immaculate on our return, etc. (One or two days the room was only serviced after lunch, inconveniencing us a little. However, a call to housekeeping corrected that for the balance of our stay.)Staying in the middle of a big city, noise is expected. We were surprised however at the city policy to collect refuse between 1am and 5am. Closed windows helped somewhat, but if you are not used to this it can be disturbing.The hotel is extremely well situated in the city. It it literally two blocks from the gates to Chinatown, and three blocks from the main city block. We did not need a car at all for the time we stayed there. (We had, however, just complete a two week stint in Orlando seeing the parks, so my family were walking fit ). We had a wonderful walk from the hotel to Pier 39, and returned along one of the tram lines.The hotel was also quite accommodating to provide additional blankets, and a very early checkout.A further value of the hotel is that it is situated across the road from a Walgreens where we bought milk and cereal to save on breakfast costs. On the opposite corner is Starbucks who made a reasonable Venti Cuppucino !Recommended.	
Jun 15 2008 	snobby hotel with a view	This hotel has all the amenities you'd expect, the sort of room you'd expect, etc etc, and a spectacular view (I stayed at the 25th floor looking directly out over Union Square and SoMa). The staff was less than helpful though, a very cool reception at check-in, not superbly attentive staff in the restaurant, and porters who only offered help with a heavy suitcase after I already had reached the doors. Definitely a cold and somewhat snobby impression of the staff - even although they did everything you'd need from hotel staff. I later stayed in the much cheaper Powell Hotel and got a ten times better treatment.	
Jun 13 2008	Great value and location	We stayed at this hotel in February on our first visit to San Francisco - and we were extremely pleased with the location and value.It's located one block from Union Square, and there is a trolley stop just outside the hotel. There's also quite a few restaurants nearby, not to mention the one that's in the lobby. There is also a little deli that has a variety of breakfast foods to choose from. I wasn't particulary impressed with the quality, but it was handy. I would recommend, however, recommend eating breakfast at Sears Fine Foods (about 1/2 a block from the hotel).Two other things I liked about this hotel: 1) our room had a nice view of the bay and Coit Tower. I don't normally get up early enough to watch the sun rise, but I couldn't help it with that view. 2) The staff was incredibly friendly to us.This is a fine hotel that's reasonably priced, has great service and a terrific location.	
Jun 5 2008 	Great place to stay in SF	I had stayed at this property in 1995 when it was a Holiday Inn, and loved the fact that it was right on the cable car line. During our most recent trip, we wanted to spend the night in San Francisco, and I was able to contact the hotel directly during our drive to book a room. While I had requested a King room with a rollaway for the three of us, upon arrival the desk clerk suggested that the room would be crowded that way, and suggested a room with two doubles--this was fine, except that I am married to a big guy and am used to a queen bed. Nonetheless,, the room was very comfortable, and quiet. The decor was quite nice as well, and the room was very clean. I did know that I would need to have the car valet parked, but when we arrived, because of the luggage carrier on the roof, they informed me that they would have to charge me the oversize vehicle parking fee! Also, one of the front desk clerks (not the one who checked us in), insisted that the bellman take our bags to the room, making me feel obligated to tip him. It must have been a hotel image thing, because I did not necessarily need or want a bellman's assistance! Also, expect to pay to use anykind of computer/internet service! I think $25 a day is a bit absurd, let alone the 2.99 an hour if using at the business center. While the room charge was VERY reasonable for San Francisco, beware of the &quot;extras&quot; that will get tacked on to the bill! Otherwise, it is a fantastic place to stay!	
Jun 2 2008 	Good location and price	Just stayed at Hotel 480 over Memorial Day Weekend. The hotel was in a great location, right near Union Square and all the shopping and about 3-4 blocks from China Town. Got a great deal for $119/night which I thought was good for a holiday weekend in San Fran. Staff was friendly, bartender recommended some restaurants and a fun piano bar a few blocks down. Rooms were cleaned promtply every day. Shower was good.My complaints are that the bed was pretty hard. Not terrible but enough to feel it in your back when you woke up. Also, the walls are very thin, we could hear our neighbors. But aside from that, the location and price were right.	
May 31 2008 	Great value excellent staff!	Stayed in Hotel 480 for 6 nights for a holiday. For the price paid (approx USD90), it was a great deal. The hotel is located just 2 blocks from Union Square where all the shopping and food are, just opposite a pharmacy / convenience store, borders bookstore, and right outside the cable car tram stop! Major bus lines, tram lines, BART station are just short walks away. Safe enough for a single traveller, as the roads are always crowded with people. The room decor is very old-fashioned, but it comes with everything you need (except a minibar), and is very clean and comfortable. The room, bed, bathroom is nice and big. Despite the age of the furnishings, it didnt smell too dated! Frontdesk , bell, housekeeping staff are fast, helpful and knowledgable. No wireless internet in the room, but wired internet available for USD10 for 24 hrs. Had a lot of problems getting connected, but the internet company had a good toll-free helpline. For this price, i would definitely stay here again.	
May 28 2008 	Amazing - An Economical Gem	I am a frequent business traveler and stayed at the hotel for a personal reason, so I wasn't sure what I'd get for the money. This was an unexpectedly wonderful hotel. I used priceline to get 2 nights at $300 with tax included -- a steal in San Francisco's Union Square. It was a great stay, and the best part was the staff. They were nice, helpful, and caring. When we forgot our shampoo, they immediately shipped it to us. I really was surprised at what I got for the money. I'd stay again in a minute.	
May 12 2008 	Good price maybe worth it after rennovations done	My company booked this hotel for me based on location and price. Yes, the location is great, especially since I'm a Bay Area native, now living in Central Texas and was looking forward to a city &quot;fix&quot;. The room was a decent size (especially compared to European standards) and clean. The bed was very comfortable, and housekeeping kept the room very clean.The main problem was that I only stayed 5 nights, and 3 times the heat was off. The first time, a worker came and told me they had just turned the heat back on and he wanted to make sure it was working--turned off for renovations in another part of hotel. Another time, I came back to my room and the thermostat had been turned off. The last morning, the thermostat was not working at all.I also came back one evening to no lights in my entry way or bath. They fixed the problem while I was out for dinner, but in my opinion I had one too many issues during my short stay.I might consider staying here again when they have completed the update and (hopefully) stop playing with the heating system...	
May 9 2008 	Great value - get it while it lasts	3 nights in downtown SF (one block from Union Sq) for only $99 per night. At these prices, who cares about tired decor?Rumour has it (overheard in the lift) that this former Crowne Plaza is only on gardening leave before becoming a Marriott - prices will surely rise.At the moment, you get a large, clean room in a great location - which is all we wanted.	
Apr 12 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	When checking in, the staff was friendly but I couldn't seem to &quot;encourage&quot; any upgrades or niceties. It was mentioned we were pre-paid through Expedia as an excuse to just check us in without fanfare. Everything was good but a little stoic, when we disturbed the maid still cleaning the assigned room. A call to the front desk immediately got us an upgraded room (family suite) with plenty of apologies. I suspect my first desk clerk was just a little tired or distracted and wasn't in the mood for my cajoling. No regrets, the room was wonderfully large enough to accommodate my teenage daughter’s explosion of clothes and travel supplies. The hotel is on the cable line with a stop on the corner. Rides to Market Street were almost unnecessary because five blocks downhill was nothing. Coming home or going to the piers was easy with the cable line. My only regret is my room looked directly at The Cheesecake Factory two blocks away on top of Macys. I think I resisted one night out of four, going to sleep without a slice of &quot;sin&quot; ruining my diet. For those needing a workout facility, the hotel's is being remodeled. They give you a &quot;comp&quot; card for 24 hr fitness five blocks away. It wasn't offered at first but seemed to be no problem once I asked. Do eat at &quot;Sears fine foods&quot; across the street and down the block (visible from the front door). Their mini Swedish pancakes are fantastic. French toast was pretty good as well. Overall, I think I enjoyed the best medium budget version of a downtown hotel. You can spend less and get a lot less. I not sure you can get much more without really turning out your wallet. For trips three days and over, buy the Muni pass. Cable cars are $5 a ride no matter how short and the Muni subway and busses are easy to figure out. You can see every sight without a car. This is truly a mass transit city, so take advantage	
Mar 30 2008 	Great Location at a fantastic price!	Very good location, just a few blocks from the Mall and lots of nice places to eat there, street car just 60 feet from front entrance. The view, we were on the 28th floor and had a wonderful view. I Would like to stay there again sometime.	
Mar 24 2008	A Work in Progress--Literally!	I stayed at the Hotel 480 for four nights after booking it through Priceline at a very reasonable rate. The location can't be beaten--it's about a block north of Union Square and just a few blocks from Chinatown (North Beach is also walkable if you can handle the steep hills in between). While I can't complain about the room--it was nicely appointed and clean--there were two major points of contention between the hotel's website and my experience. First, the hotel's fitness center is NOT OPEN. It's being renovated for the foreseeable future, which I hadn't known in advance (it would have been nice to be apprised of this!). The front desk said that they had made alternative arrangements with the 24 Hour Fitness located five blocks away, but that 480 guests would have to pay $5 per day to use the facility. I was horrified that they expected guests to pay for something which was supposed to be included--especially in light of the fact that it's WAY more inconvenient to use some strange gym than to just run downstairs to the hotel's own fitness center. When I expressed this, the manager offered to give me 2 days for $5, which I accepted (and by the way, the gym itself was pretty nice, but if you're a runner or a walker, you're SO much better off exercising outside because you get as much of a workout --no kidding, this city has some SERIOUS hills--and simultaneously get to enjoy exploring the city). I was still irked, though, that they charged me anything at all for something that I was promised when I booked (though I see that they've changed the website recently to reflect the situation).Secondly, there is no wireless access in the guestrooms at all. If you want to access the Internet, you have to pay $10/day for a high-speed connection, or you can go sit in the lobby and pay $5 for three hours of wireless. Can you get more stingy? Considering San Francisco's supposed to be one of the most &quot;wired&quot; cities in the country, the fact that the hotel doesn't even provide wireless coverage in its guestrooms is disappointing. A better option than the $10 high-speed connection is to connect to the wireless network of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel (located across the street) which is only $7 per day and sent a pretty strong signal over to my guestroom (and probably all guestrooms on the south side of the building). Overall, the staff were fantastic, but these flaws left me feeling somewhat disappointed. Had I known these issues before booking, I would have adjusted my expectations (and knowing them now, I'd still probably stay there again if only for the unbeatable location), If you don't require in-room wireless or the use of gym facilities, I'd highly recommend the 480, but if you do, you might want to look elsewhere.	
Mar 18 2008 	good location average hotel	This hotel used to be a Crown Plaza and it still feels like one. Everything has been refreshed/updated, but very basic. Nothing is particularly wrong, but nothing wows you either. The location is great and the front desk service is exceptionally friendly and helpful. However, for this price, I felt like I wanted something more special.	
Mar 16 2008 	Good value for price	We got a great cheap price -- $160/nite. Excellent for the location in the shopping district of Union Square. The room was clean and partially updated with white linens and duvet. Walls seem thin, but no trouble with loud noise. Good workout room. Very helpful bellman, Perry, who got me bag back when I left it in the airport shuttle bus! Great value for the price	
Mar 12 2008 	Good Location - RUDE RUDE RUDE desk staff	I stayed here on a business trip in December 07 (single female travelling alone from the UK) and chose this hotel 1. to get Priority Club points 2. for the location. The location is superb - absolutely excellent, really can't fault it for being so central to the main shopping - I even went back a couple of times on my non-work day to drop off bags. No problems at all re safety, going out to eat in the evenings on my own etc etc. However - the front desk staff are appalling. When I went to empty my safety deposit box prior to check out (10 mins to go) I waited in line until it was my turn, went to the desk to be told, very rudely, that I had to wait while a bunch of airline staff were checked out. No apologies - no 'would you mind if we dealt with these people first' just literally 'WAIT'!! So rude!!!! I stated that I had a plane to catch as well to be told that didn't matter! Regardless of the great location you couldn't pay me to stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 10 2008 	We love Hotel 480! Highly Recommend!!	We just got back from a weekend in San Francisco (Union Square). I can't say enough about it. Other reviews before ours complained about renovations, but they must be completed now because we saw no signs of this. The rooms were clean and the staff always went out of there way to make us feel as if we were their only guests. The view from our room overlooking Union Square and the entire City was unbelievable. We sat at the bar late one night and received excellent service from Thomas a long time bartender there. The hotel is on the cable car line which gives you easy access to anywhere you want to go outside of Union Square. Everything else from restaraunts, night clubs, and all the shops are within easy walking distance. The conciere was so helpful with everything from trip planning to printing out our boarding passes for our return trip home. If you are looking for a room in the Union Square area, I highly recommend Hotel 480....soon to become a Marriot though.	
Mar 7 2008 	a RUDE awakening....	my experience was awful. i was there for a conference, in the big ballroom. of course- very very weak wireless internet access and when you told the front desk--- they looked at you like you have 3 eyes. ditto on the weak net access from the rooms. what a joke-- why cant they get this right! first my key didnt work (same experience a guy next to me at checkin had). the rude front desk lady (who will go unnamed) kept insulting our intelligence saying we were putting in the card wrong. duh... next one of the bellmen took our tip, then handed the bags back to us-- true story... say he didnt have time to take the bags to our room. two positives were the very nice concierge lady (extremely helpful and patient) and the cleaning ladies (promote them please to the front desk). wow! the front desk needs alot of work. teach them the internet and that guests get frustrated when everywhere they turn, nothing works. and hey be nice. several of us were trying to print boarding passes at the front desk. they couldnt do it. and wouldnt let us look behind the counter to help. more rudeness. then we were instructed to go upstairs to the business center (read that money grab) where the fees were a joke, and (you guessed it) very SLOW internet access and a printer out of toner. think they had more? right, now way-- had to be ordered. all in all a bad experience, starting with the poorly managed front desk. this hotel needs a brand, the staff needs retraining, and the GM (who was nowhere to be found when all these problems were occurring) should spend some time with the guests. cant say enough about how the experience started negatively with a rude front desk person and zero help from all the bell staff standing around. oh- and did i mention that my tv volume control didnt work... i called the front desk, then the gm's office, and am still waiting for a call back (i checked out 3 days ago!). stay at the westin next time.	
Feb 21 2008 	A City of Two Halves	We spent a month traveling through Austria, Germany, Italy and the Czech Republic and decided on a three day stopover in San Francisco on our way back to New Zealand to help get over our jet lag. We booked this hotel through our travel agent (our agent never contacted us to say it had changed names since we booked and paid) together with our flights. It was expensive but we thought with the Crowne Plaza name and having read other Trip Advisor reviews we would be happy. I had booked our nine hotels in Europe directly through their websites after reading Trip Advisor reviews. All of them were wonderful so we were looking forward to our three nights of luxury in San Francisco to finish an incredible month long trip.We arrived after two flights from Europe, 16 hours in total and checked in with no problems. We were taken to our room on the 10th floor and were told how lucky it was that we had such a huge one. We thought it was very dated and we were not very happy with two double beds instead of a queen or king as advertised, but it was tolerably clean. It was a disabled room with all the equipment left in the bathroom. The room was also very cold. While my husband tried to warm up the air conditioning I decided a shower would help the jet lag and the disappointment with the room. However there was no hot water!! We rang reception and they said the hotel was undergoing renovations and that they would send a plumber.The longer we waited the more upset we became so we went to reception to complain about the above. The receptionist said as there was a conference on she could do little. We explained that we had paid over $400 a night and were ready to leave. She said that she would make an exception and reorganize things and upgrade us to a much higher floor with a room with a King size bed. We were very tired and grateful that we could finally have a shower and freshen up. The room was okay, very dated but clean and we had our hot shower. The hotel is undergoing refurbishment and there were people working outside our window. There were ropes and men dangling just outside. The worst was to come though. When we finally got to bed that night we realized that our bed backed on to the lifts and they are in use continually until about 5am. We felt like we were still on the aeroplane. Earplugs didn't lessen the noise much because you could also feel the movement of the lifts.As it was our first time in San Francisco we made the most of the bad situation and got as tired as possible seeing all the sights. The weather was wonderful and it was great to walk everywhere and also take the lovely Cablecar. We had the most amazing breakfast at Mama's Cafe (worth the half hour wait outside) and also nice dinners at North Beach.I will never book hotel accommodation again through a travel agent as I think this may have assisted the problem.I will also never go back to this hotel in spite of its good location. I feel Reception were probably laughing that they had got one over us with the lift problem in spite of pretending they were doing us a favor	
Feb 21 2008 	Great location 	Overall this was a nice hotel, especially for the price (about $90 per night via priceline on Valentine's/ President Day weekend). The location is GREAT - right in the heart of the union square area. The staff was very kind &amp; attentive, they upgraded us to a jr. suite upon arrival, since they were sold out of regular rooms with king sized beds. The room was large, comfortable &amp; very clean (the carpeting was a bit old, but I believe they are renovating). I would stay there again &amp; for me (a very picky hotel guest, who won't step foot into a hotel unless it's rated at bare minimum 3 stars) that's saying a lot. It's not a 4 or 5 star luxury hotel by any means, but I would recommend it for a nice weekend getaway when you want to be right in the heart of things - especially if you get a good room rate.	
Feb 4 2008 	Hotel 480 is still a great place	I've stayed at the Hotel 480 for at least 4 nights each of the past 7 years. It was the Crowne Plaza for the first 6 and recently became the Hotel 480 before my most recent stay. The service remains top notch and the rooms are comfortable. Not much has changed since the name switch. The only difference I noted was the absence of the Crowne Plaza &quot;sleep kit&quot;, which isn't that much of a loss. The mattresses and bedding are pleasant and there is plenty of work space if you are on business. If you are travelling with family, I suggest you request one of their &quot;Family Rooms&quot;. These rooms are at the end of each floor. I've stayed on both ends-if you like the sound of cable cars, the rooms located on the Powell and Sutter corner will do just fine. If you want more quiet, try to get the opposite end of the hall.The location is fantastic with many shops and restaurants within easy walking distance. As noted earlier, two cable car routes run right past the hotel and their are numerous taxis on the street. The BART station is down Powell Street, about a easy 10 minute walk.The hotel is going to go through a year-long remodeling project. Five floors at a time will be refurbished, so be sure to ask about the work in progress before you book.I spend quite a few nights of the year in hotels on business and I always enjoy my stay at this property. One addition I hope they do make is to put a spark in their on site bar and restaurant.	
Jan 31 2008 	Great Location large rooms good clean hotel	The locaiton of this hotel is great - right near all the shopping and minutes from China Town and other restaurants. Really enjoyed my stay here - very nice big room, perfectly clean and spacious. This is not a luxury hotel but is certainly good quality and has everything you need. Is being turned in to a Marriott I think so will be up to that standard soon I imagine. I have no complaints - price was good, hotel in exellent location, nice and clean, friendly people, great big room, lots of channels on the TV - what more could you want?There is a good restaurant called the Daily Grill which serves nice brekkies, lunch and dinner - it is like an upmarket diner - as you come out of the hotel, walk straight down the hill towards Union Square - keep walking and you will pass Union Square on the left hand side and Victoria's secret on the right then take the next right and you will see the restaurant on the left hand side.	
Jan 20 2008 	New Name New Ownership New Issues...	Crowne Plaza was sold and this hotel is now known as the &quot;Hotel 480&quot;. Having stayed here before the change and now for 5 days after the change, I have a comparison that is not very favorable for the new ownership. LOCATION LOCATION LOCATIONBefore I go any further let's state the obvious. You cannot beat the location of this hotel, regardless of who owns it or what name is painted on the outside. Located one block north of Union Square, right on the cable car line and with ample public (read - much cheaper than the hotel parking) within a block - visitors to the city will appreciate the central location. We parked the car on arrival and had absolutely no need to use it for the whole week until departure.Now the not so good news.,, Hopefully it's just the pains of transition causing some service issues but I have to say the majority of negatives with our stay were associated with the service. We had troubles with housekeeping opening a door clearly identified as &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot;, phone calls from engineering at 6am about problems we never reported, etc. We were here with MacWorld and selected the hotel because it claimed free internet access for conference attendees - this was not so. This may be a problem with the MacWorld folks though. But once connected for the internet &quot;broadband&quot; - you're better off taking your chances on a modem. The internet access is terrible and in tremendous need of upgrade. The onsite restaurant is outrageously overpriced even for Union Square. We recommend Lori's across the street for a more reasonable (although not gourmet but still good) breakfast or lunch. We're hoping the sad state of the hallways on the 9th floor were due to intended/scheduled remodeling because if not - the condition of that floor is not anything a $199 a night hotel should be proud of regardless of it's location. Minor issues like a TV that continually shut itself off and on again can be overlooked if it wasn't for the $199 a night price. Speaking of the TVs - the small TV provided is kind of strange considering most major hotels upgrades to flat screens and larger models.Having said all that - We hope that this hotel gets it together and may try it again for a one or two night stay in the future to see if things improve. It would be such a waste to have a hotel with such a great location and enthusiastic staff to be hampered by a lack of infrastructure maintenance and management.So we'd be interested to see future reviews from Trip Advisor folks as to the state of this hotel in transition.	
Jan 20 2008 	Hotel 480 - Great Union Square Location	I stayed at Hotel 480 late in December after booking an overnight stay using Priceline. I think it used to be the Crowne Plaza and now has a banner over it saying Hotel 480. I get the impression it's still undergoing a remodel, but not sure. First off, the location is great. Right across from Sir Francis Drake, the Disney Store and Borders. The lobby was nice and clean and looked like it's gone through a recent transformation. Once you step off the elevator and onto your floor, you can tell the upper floors have not been remodeled. The decor in the halls and rooms were not what you expected from the lobby. I assume they are still renovating. It was mostly clean and comfortable and appropriate if all you need is a place to sleep. The staff was nice and the one big drawback was the parking. I valet'd and when I checked out Sunday I had to wait 45 minutes to get the car. I tried calling the valet desk in advance but couldn't get through, so just went down. It was obvious they were short staffed, kind of disorganized and aplogetic. It was somewhat frustrating as it appeared people who turned in their tickets after me got their cars before mine. One gentleman before me had been waiting much longer than me though.This could be because I went on a holiday weekend though.	
Jan 19 2008 	Convenient location with great customer service	I booked this hotel on priceline. I was a little wary at first since I could not find reviews for this hotel, but I later realized that what they now call Hotel 480 was actually the former Crowne Plaza Union Square.First off, the hotel is very clean and the staff are very pleasant. Even when I called beforehand to confirm my reservation, the front desk was very helpful and very willing to note my room preferences. Usually, when I book with other hotels using Priceline, I get a lot of &quot;what we have left is what you get&quot; type of responses, but not this hotel. Their pleasant, efficient service continued when I checked in in person. I had a guest with me and they even automatically asked her what her name was, just in case we lost keys and she needed to get in.Room - they honored our request and put us on the 20th floor with a nice view. The windows span the wall and give you a very expansive, airy feel. The room is cozy, but very clean and tastefully decorated. We got a king bed that was rather comfortable - wasn't the best of the beds I've slept in, but not bad.There were a couple of annoyances, however. First, valet parking at $43 + 14% tax (almost 50!) is just absurd. The second night, I found local garage parking for about $26 overnight. Secondly, internet service in the room is restricted to wired only. Normally that would be fine, but my gf and I both had to do work and were using separate computers. Without wireless, we couldn't do that at the same time.All in all, this hotel is great, beats many 4 stars that I've stayed in before, and is well worth it (especially given the low fare we found using priceline). I definitely recommend it.	
Nov 24 2007 	Great Union Square Hotel Choice	Crowne Plaza, Union Square, San Francisco. We were extremely pleased with our recent two night stay. Room was nicely appointed, well maintained, and clean. Directly on the Powell Street Cable Car line - and a rather steep two block walk to the California Street Cable line. Walk to everything in Union Square- as well as to the Moscone. You're just blocks fron the Chinatown Gate on Grant St. Pricey breakfast buffet was well worth the expense- it was over the top and the best of everything: fruit, pastries, yogurt, artisan cheeses, cakes, breads- not to mention the cooked to order items. Service is nothing short of exceptional. Each evening we walked to the nearby pubs and enjoyed a drink or two. You will still need to be mindful of the &quot;street people&quot; in this neighborhood, especially at night, but overall- you won't go wrong here.	
Nov 23 2007 	Excellent - great location	Really happy with our stay, wanted to stay another night! What a great location, step out of the hotel an a block away you are at union square. Will definately stay here again	
Nov 20 2007	Enjoyed my stay	Only stayed for one night but the staff was very nice and the room was nice and clean. Bed was comfortable and the front desk was helpful with directions. Close to everything downtown. I would definately stay here again.	
Nov 15 2007 	Great place to stay	Stayed here for four nights during a trip to USA. Can only reiterate others' comments. Great location next to Union Square and a great place to be based for a trip in San Fran. Good rates for a room on the exec floor with breakfast. Huge rooms with extremely comfortable beds.Very very good value for money!	
Oct 30 2007 	SO private yet a stones throw from Union Square	This is a small hotel, but the rooms were great and seo close to Union Square! We had a ball and had 2 rooms from Hotwire for only $55 a night all taxes. I would stay here again in a minute!	
Oct 16 2007	Great hotel great location	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 5 nights in September as part of our 2 week holiday in America. The hotel was in a great location near Union Square and we were able to walk to most places which we really enjoyed. We got the BART from the airport to the hotel – it was shortish walk from the station but we found the hotel very easily. We had booked the hotel through priority points and I think may have got an upgrade because of this. Our room was very large and had a beautiful view over Nob hill with the cable cars running up and down. The bed was huge and very comfortable. There was some noise at night and you could hear the cable cars going up and down sometimes but I think that is what you expect in a big city! We had a wonderful time in San Francisco – we ended up walking nearly everywhere as the queues for the cable cars were ridiculous. There are so many nice restaurants to choose from, you are spoilt for choice. We ate at Lori’s diner on our first night which is just next to the hotel and is great for burgers and shakes! We had breakfast at Sears fine foods one morning when we were up early and it was really good, thankfully there was no queue as there was one every other morning. Other than that we ventured further out to Chinatown, North Beach etc and found some great places.I would definitely recommend the Crowne Plaza to anyone, it is in a great location in a wonderful city.	
Sep 25 2007 	Overall pretty good...	The Crowne was booked for us by my husbands work. It was one of the few hotels still available for the VMWorld conference, so we took it at a rate of $210 a night. When we arrived, we found the parking garage and pulled in. We were quickly told that we couldn’t get any help with our bags if we stayed in the parking garage, but the nice man there offered to bring the car around front for us so that we could go check in then get our bags. This was greatly appreciated after our nerve wracking trip from the South Bay to the city. (We stayed the previous two nights in the south bay to visit some friends). My husband and I gathered up our few items we wanted to keep with us at all times, and walked down the very steep (and slippery, BE CAREFUL!) garage area to the stairs outside to enter the hotel. When we arrived inside the lobby we saw the lobby packed with airline employees waiting to check out. There were probably 50-75 people ahead of us in line. My husband sat down on a bench with our items and I waited outside for our car. Our car arrived about 15 minutes later just as all the airline employees were boarding a bus to apparently go to work. As I helped the bellman unload the car, my husband called to let me know we were checked in and ready to go. The Crowne had upgraded us to a junior suite on the 23rd floor. The view from the room was absolutely spectacular, we slept with the curtains open every night so we could see the beautiful city lights. The room was quite nice and spacious. The bathroom was against the back wall, next to that was a small table and chairs for eating or playing cards. There was a rather large living room area with a sofa, coffee table, a chair and a television in a cabinet with some drawers and a refrigerator. Beyond that was a half wall separating the living area from the sleeping area. Directly in front of the bed was a desk with a light and outlets ready for your laptop. The room was very clean, the bed was extremely comfortable with plenty of blankets and pillows. Internet was not included in the price of the room. It was $10 a day for internet access, or $35 for the week. I understand that this is typical in upscale hotels, even though it frustrates me. That being said, when I pay for internet access in a hotel, I expect enough bandwidth to be able to conduct business (VPN access). The download speeds were frequently less than 200kbps, which is totally unacceptable. This was one of the recommended hotels for the VMWorld conference, which is a computer-related convention. A hotel should expect high internet usage when they are a participant hotel for a high-tech conference, and be prepared to handle it. Even on Thursday night, when most of the conference participants had left, the bandwidth still didn’t exceed 310kbps. My expectations for $10/day internet access are much higher than free WiFi in non-premium hotels, and unfortunately the Crowne Plaza didn’t come close to meeting those expectations.We opted not to use the room service available, since the cheapest thing on the menu was a $22 hamburger that didn’t seem all that special from the description on the menu. A morning pot of coffee was $7, and a basic breakfast was over $15. Instead we went to the grocery store and bought a few staple items and frequented restaurants in the area. Most of the staff members we ran in to were very polite and friendly, especially the housekeeping staff. Parking was somewhat of a fiasco. It took a minimum of 15 minutes every time we needed our car, sometimes closer to a half an hour. At one point one of the door men got rather testy with me and told me I should call for the car before going downstairs, otherwise we should just go to the garage ourselves to get the car. (Which was fine with me, less tipping!) Not only did they expect a tip every time we got in or out of the car, the parking was $60 a day. (Yes, I said $60 A DAY). I understand real estate is at a premium in SF, but $60 a day?!?!? Again, no choice we had to pay it. When we went to check out my husband mentioned the problems with the internet, and how important it was for him to have internet access, he was met with a snide “Sorry”, and handed a receipt. Overall the room was lovely and most of the staff were polite and helpful. Would I stay here again? Maybe. It surely wouldn’t be my first choice by any stretch. It’s very important for computer people to have reliable internet access. If it were free, we wouldn’t complain, but considering less expensive hotels have better internet access this was a big disappointment. The room service menu being SO highly priced also put us off a little. The parking, well honestly it was kind of disastrous for us. So only in a pinch would we stay here again.	
Sep 13 2007 	A decent hotel in a perfect location	First things first: The location of the hotel is just about perfect: cable car outside, with Chinatown, Union Square shopping and restaurants all very close by. I didn't eat at the hotel--a full breakfast was about $23. A nice breakfast can be had across the street at Sears--a San Francisco institution--for about $10 less.  The room I had was a standard king and was fairly small, had a coffeemaker but no refrigerator and a comfortable bed. The bathroom was unremarkable but sufficient. The hotel staff were very nice; the doormen especially so. A huge number of airline crews stay here. The lobby is relatively small--considering it's a 30 story hotel-- with limited seating if you're the type who likes to lounge around and watch the world go by. I spent an entire week at this hotel and also the Grand Hyatt(on a previous stay), which is a block away. If it's a matter of a night or two, it probably doesn't make much difference, but for an extended stay, I'd choose the Grand Hyatt--much better views, nicer room decor and a more upscale ambiance.	
Sep 6 2007 	Very good hotel. Would recommend and stay here again.	This was a very nice hotel. Located just a block or so north of Union Square. It's an easy walk to Chinatown, the subway and all of the dining and shopping in the area. I bid for the hotel on Priceline and got it for $77 (pre tax) for Labor Day weekend (Sept 1-3, 2007) so not a bad deal at all. We were in room 806, which was a corner room. It was larger than the other hotel rooms, though it had 2 queen beds, not a king. There was a welcoming packet on the bed with linen spray, eye patches and ear plugs for a good night's rest. Staff seemed very friendly, though we did not deal with them much. Hotel has the usual: soda machine, free ice machine, toiletries included shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, bar soap and shower cap. Small coffee maker in the room.Nice little cafe right across the street for a coffee, pasty or quick glass of wine. There's a Walgreens pharmacy kitty-corner to the hotel if you need to stock up on supplies. Dotties (522 Jones) is on of the best brekfast joints EVER! Be Prepared to wait in line for an hour, but it's almost worth it. The place it tiny.	
Sep 3 2007 	Suberb Hotel in good location	3 of us shared a quad room for 5 nights whilst sightseeing. After arriving gone midnight and missing our luggage due to flight delays, the only Porter on duty was able to run around and get us all the toiletries and Robes we needed to relieve the effects of travelling for 36 hours.Our room was very spacious over looking Sutter Street itself, I suspect it may have been a disabled room because of the wetroom and rails, instead of a bath. No issue with cleanliness and beds very comfy indeed. Would certainly stay here again.	
Jul 22 2007 	Good Location	We booked a family holiday on the West Coast of US and stayed at Crowne Plaza Garden Grove, Caesars Las Vegas, Crowne Plaza Union Square San Francisco and Crowne Plaza Redondo Beach LA. I am a Priority Club member that is why my preference for Crowne Plaza. There were 7 of us in two rooms at each hotel.The Crowne Plaza Union Square is in a great location with the cable car stop just outside (Powell Street) and is close to great shops. The run to the bay isn't too bad. The hotel is a little old and could do with a refurb. We booked 4 months in advance and asked for adjoining rooms but ended up on seperate floors. OK but wouldn't stay again.	
Jul 18 2007 	Not that impressed	On a bussiness trip, stayed here one night.Really just not that impressed with this hotel. Close to the Cable Car line, but other than that, not really in the best of locations.Lobby was dark, not very colorful or welcoming. Staff was friendly but i was practically forced to use a bellhop for my one bag. I think i can find my own way to the room, thanks.Elevators were quick and always available, but needed to be updated. Many of the buttons wouldn’t light, or the floor numbers were not legible.Room was, again, ok but not great. Furnishings were old, dark, not updated. View wasn’t that great. Bathroom also needed an update as everything just seemed old.Bed was ok, not very comfy, alarm clock was some kind of crazy thing that played different nature sounds or chiming bells for an alarm. Really, i just need a simple to use alarm clockI'm not really a big fan of the Holiday-Inn owned properties, and for the price of this hotel would rather stay at a Hyatt, or Marriott.	
Jul 18 2007 	Local take...	Every once and awhile, we take a &quot;getaway&quot; from our East Bay home to the greatest city in the country, San Francisco. We try different hotels and restaurants and shop til we drop. This last trip was truly a pleasant surprise, as we found a jewel of a hotel in the Crowne Plaza Union Square.This hotel was priced right and gave us everything we were looking for. So much so that we stayed an extra night!The hotel check-in staff was courteous, helpful and friendly, as were the breakfast restaurant staff.We had an Executive &quot;club&quot; room with access to the lounge. (The &quot;club/lounge&quot; is actually just a big suite with a TV and no services. Nice to hang out in if you're an early riser and don't want to disturb your roommate). Breakfast was included and was great.We were near the top of the hotel with a great view of the bay. We appreciated the &quot;quiet zone&quot; with no kids allowed in that section. Nice and quiet!The room was clean and well appointed. The bathroom was small, but had some nice amenities.I must say that I do like the new focus on sleeping soundly. The scented spray and sleep-sounds CD were a nice touch.The hotel is centrally located and close to everything.While we may continue to experience other SF hotels, we will definetly return to the Crowne Plaza Union Square in the not so distant future and will recommend it to out-of-town friends.	
Jul 5 2007 	Would stay again in a heartbeat.	We stayed that the Crowne Plaza for three nights. Upon check in our room was not ready but they offered us a $40 a night upgrade to an executive level room. It was well worth it since it includes breakfast each morning, free internet access in the room and drink coupons. The room was very clean and best of all it was quiet. Very quiet! Bathroom was a little on the small side but I could deal with it. Espically since I was very, very clean. I love when hotels actually clean the grout in the shower! The staff was very friendly and helpful. Even the bellhops were willing to give directions and pointers on good places to eat or visit. Location is great as you are right outside of a cable car stop and about a 5 minute walk to Union Square. Sear's Fine Food and Lori's diner are right accross the street and are wonderful for a quick lunch. I would stay again in a heartbeat!	
Jun 29 2007 	Good location lovely breakfest.....	Stayed for a couple nights in the Crown Plaza, and it was a pleasant stay. The staff behind reception, most important people when your arrive, first impression, were helpfull.Information is good, and welwilling. The staff offered the 11% discount card for the Macy's store themselves, I did not had to ask for it. And when I forgot my keycard, no problem a new one was made without any questions. Compliment.The room was good. 17th floor.Specially the dream-and sleep comfortbag. They know that people from Europe have there jet-lag problems.There is a CD-player in the room, with excersises to relax with nice music. An eyecover, a pillow-perfume and so on. that's what people call: custumor service.The breakfest: Nice and charming atmosphere. Plenty of choices from the buffet and the menu. Helpfull staff, and for most of all very friendly. That's something people want and need in the morning after a 11 hour flight.Location is als great, nearby the Union Square with al the shops and the cablecar in the front.My stay: just short, was a pleasant stay in San Francisco. The Crown Plaze took care of it. And myself of course.Yes: a hotel to recommand.	
Jun 27 2007 	Great Stay	Good-sized room w new bedding (7 layers of comfort). Clean, well-appointed bathroom, but quite small. Amenity kit with linen spray in room.Great downtown location, $9 cab ride to Pier 39. Restaurant is v expensive - $22 for eggs and bacon.Front desk is outstanding, concierge very helpful.	
Jun 25 2007 	Love the Crowne Plaza Union Square	This is the second time we stayed at this Crowne Plaza. The staff is to great, they cannot do enough to make your trip great! From the Concierge to housekeeping and everyone in between they were great. Our room was CLEANED every day, and I mean clean! We were upgraded to a &quot;family room&quot; which was 2 doubles and a queen sleeper for just a few dollars more well worth it!! The location is the best. You are a half a block from Union Sq. and a few feet from the cable car stop. No need for a car in the city! I would stay here again if I'm every able to get to the oppostie coast again:)	
Jun 20 2007 	Great hotel great location	I think this hotel is the best cost/benefit relation in San Francisco! It is located at Union Square, a great place to be, where you can walk until late at night.I had booked a standard room but was offered an upgrade for only $35 more and got internet access, complimentary drinks every night and free america breakfast (which is wonderful). Highly reccomend it!!!!	
Jun 2 2007 	This was one of my best stays in San Francisco! Ever!	I had read the reviews and knew this hotel was convenient, but I had no idea how exceptionally close this hotel was to shopping, dining, transportation, everything, until I got there. It was an easy walk to whatever I wanted: for example, one night I peeked in at Farallon, decided I wouldn't fit in; strolled over to Kuleto's, too packed; came back to Scala's Bistro. All within minutes. I'm still amazed at how close I was to everything.The service was excellent. The front desk was always courteous and thorough. The bellmen were beyond-the-call helpful. I don't know about other posters, but I found my bed to be very comfortable. It's not the Westin's &quot;Heavenly Bed,&quot; but every night when my head hit all four pillows, I'd be out like a light....and getting up was truly a chore. I used their aromatherapy spray and relaxation CD, too.The shower massage has six settings, which I found novel. The handicap bar in the shower seemed to be in an awkward place and I bumped it constantly. I liked that the housekeeper replenished the toiletries every day. (Hey, you'd THINK that was basic in a 4*, but that hasn't always happened!)The workout room is a little cramped, but OK if just a few people are using it. When I finished on the treadmill, there were 3 other people in there and the guy on the elliptical machine had to stop pedaling so that I could squeeze past him! It's nice to have a workout room IN the hotel, though. The machines are newish and clean; they have a water dispenser; and there's a TV in there, which I hogged. I was a little bummed out that the internet service in the business area was so expensive, but fortunately I didn't have to use it much at all. Overall, it was a VERY enjoyable stay. Kudos to the staff, who were warm and welcoming. I hope I get to stay here again! I've told all my friends about it!	
May 29 2007 	Great location big room simple amenities.	Great location, just north of Union Square. The staff let us check-in early. Very big room, clean and great water pressure in bathroom. Drawbacks - basic amenities, and beds were not particularly comfy. Also, hotel beginning to show its age. Overall, though, very happy with stay and value for money.	
May 23 2007 	liked location	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 3 nights on our honeymoon. We paid for an executive room but got a suite which was very large and quiet. The decor was perhaps a little tired and the bath small. The Wi Fi is not free here which was an issue for us.Breakfast is not included but is not expensive, the public areas of the hotel could do with updating. Service was fine. The best thing about the hotel is the location by Union square handy for everywhere. We tried to get in the Mark Hopkins initially and went to the wonderful bar whilst in san francisco, The mark hopkins appeared to be of a higher standard but is up a very steep hill.	
Mar 16 2007 	Perfect location	Spent the weekend there. Did not need a car, or anything else for a great time. Easy walk from the train station to the hotel. Right in the center of everything in Union Square and the theater district, all an easy walk. Trolly car stop right outside th door. Wallgreens type drug store across the street. Endless restaurants, shopping, theatres all around. Quick trolly ride down to Fisherman,s Warf. Bicycle ride over the Golden Gate Bridge. All without ever using a taxi or car. Hotel had very clean, spacious well appointed rooms in new looking condition. My room had a nice city and bay view. Reasonable rate. Very quick check in. Absolutely nothing to complain about on my trip or with this hotel. 2 blocks from Union Square park where I spent hours just sitting, sipping beer, reading and people watching in the center of an art exhibit. Great! 75 degree sunny weather helped alot. All I needed was a female companion to make it perfect. Lots of attractive people there. With more time I could have fallen in love. The photos below are from my bicycle trip around the bay. 8 miles biking with a ferry ride back.	
Mar 10 2007 	Great location but...	Location just off Union Square is great.&amp; I have no idea how this hotel gets 4 ****... there's nothing else special about it, at all. Perfectly, polite staff at a quick check in (they could teach others how to do that!). Room clean, but not freshly decorated - ie the shower rail is the third one top be fitted - you can see the filled-in fixings in the tiles.There isn't wifi in the rooms, only in the lobby, and it's not free, as claimed. Wired internet in the rooms is charged too.I'd stay again, but only if there wasn't somewhere else nearby to try out.	
Mar 7 2007	Great stay	This hotel was clean and the rooms were spacious and up to date. Beds were comfortable, bathroom was nice and updated, and I liked the CD player/alarm clock on the nightstand. The hotel is in a great location at the corner of Sutter and Powell in walking distance of restaurants and stores. The cable car stop is right on the corner by hotel. The staff is friendly and helpful. The concierge, Cathy, was very knowledgeable, helpful, and always happy to help.  Downside -- no refrigerators in the rooms, and I had to pay $10 per day for Internet access. Also, no breakfast was included.	
Mar 1 2007 	Location A+++ very pleased	Stayed at the Crown Plaza Union Square for a conference for five days at the end of February, 2007. The hotel was predetermined, but I was still apprehensive after reading some of the reviews here. On arrival from the east coast on an early flight, I was greeted at the front desk by Jeff. He was pleasant and efficient, and had me on my way to my room in minutes. My room was on the 16th floor, and although I would have preferred higher, it was all that was available. On the floor, in addition to rooms along the main corridor, there were five or six alcoves, with additional rooms off of them. To get to my room, I had to take a right, right and another right off of the elevator. This layout really cut down on the corridor traffic noise, but the room backed up to the noisy elevator shaft.The room itself was a king room, small, and dominated by the bed. There was also a chair and ottoman, large bureau, desk, and closet. The bathroom was small but efficiently laid out&gt;&gt;but if my wife were with me, there would have been a turf war over the bathroom size.The large window looked out over Powell St, and had a side window that opened, letting in fresh air. Street noise was heard, even with the window closed, but not as intrusive as the always present elevator noise. The room itself was immaculate...under the bed, behind the endtable, everywhere. Possibly the cleanest hotel room I have ever been in.Back to the bathroom for a minute. Nice toiletries, plenty of clean, fluffy towels, and great water pressure. Tub/shower was very narrow, and water got all over the floor after each shower. Maybe the addition of a curved shower curtain rod would diminish the cramped feel.The beds are really trumpeted, both on the website and in ads around the hotel. While comfortable, I didn't find it warranted the bragging. The lobby was functional and clean, and several in our group used the concierge, finding her helpful.As far as location, it was convenient to everywhere. Union Square was one block awayand Fishermans Wharf/Pier 39, etc is just a ride away on the famous cablecars that go right by out front of the hotel.I did not use room service, or the restaurants at the hotel, but did note that the food provided by the hotel as part of the conference was very good. I decided to attack the debate about breakfast restaurants I read about in the SF forum. I went to Lori's Diner across the street on the first morning. The food was excellent, and plentiful, and the waitstaff was extremely friendly and helpful. As I walked around the area after breakfast, I noticed about 20-25 people standing on line in front of Sears Fine Foods one block away. The next two mornings, I went to Sears for breakfast, didn't have to wait, and the food and service were exceptional. Prices were comparable. My vote in the debate would be for Sears, but you can't go wrong with either.Bottom line, the hotel was everything it presented itself to be on the website and in hotel literature. I have no regrets staying there, and would stay here again if ever back in San Francisco.	
Feb 14 2007 	Great location	First time we have been to San Francisco and found the whole week very enjoyable. This hotel is in a great location for both shopping and local transport. The hotel services we found were good with good rooms size and comfortable beds. We did not eat in the hotel as there are plenty of places out and about. We went to Sears across the road for breakfast most mornings (opposite the Francis Drake hotel,) exceptional breakfast and good value.We did the city tour and napa valley from the hotel. The concierge arranged it for us through Pacific Tours. The tour company use smaller 12 seater minibuses which is great for getting to know your fellow tourists, Geordie is a good guide and driver.We would definetely consider this hotel if we went back	
Feb 3 2007 	Good location so so hotel	The Crowne Plaze is just a block off of Union Square, so the location is very central, but that's probably the best thing is has going for it.I stayed in a King room on an executive floor, but couldn't really tell you what was &quot;executive&quot; about it. The decor was very average and not what I would have expected for $250 a night.My rate included a continental breakfast, which was served in their cafe downstairs. The food was pretty uninspired, but there was a wide selection of options. Good for free - If I had to pay the $19 fee for this meal I would have been very disappointed.Interesting features worth noting:-there was no mini bar in the room, but there was a small fridge which was empty. If you're there for an extended stay and want to buy a few things for yourself instead of paying sky high rates for snacks and drinks, this could be helpful.-if you have a computer with you and need to print a document, they had a nice service I haven't seen before where you could upload a document to their website and then have it printed and delivered to your room or pick it up at the front desk.	
Feb 2 2007 	Housekeeping was shocking	The hotel was ok overall but my mine gripe was with housekeeping. I was in the room when it was being cleaned and looked up to see the maid rushing out with a large Macy's bag. i explained that the bag wasn't rubbish and there were expensive goods in there. She rudely told me that there wasn't and she couldn't get the bag back because it had now been 'taken'. She then said that she would try and retrieve it and it would be returned to my room later that day. When I came back to the room in the evening, there was no sign of the bag and I then called the front desk who investigated the incident. I did receive some compensation and was advised that they were taking the matter seriously. When the maid was questioned she denied even touching the bag and said I was lying. In short, I will not be returning to this hotel again!	
Jan 16 2007	It was pretty good.	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights as part of our tour from Los Angeles to San Francisco, so we did not really have a choice as to where we were to stay.The room was clean, and the beds were very comfortable.The only downfall was that we got a smoking room, which was not very pleasant. This is not the fault of the hotel management as the room was allocated to us by the tour guide.I was able to use the free wireless internet from the lobby of the hotel.Other than that, we found the hotel to be pretty good...	
Dec 30 2006 	Wonderful Unpretentious Hotel	My wife and I stayed for 5 nights and the experience was delightful. Staff couldn't be more helpful. Our room was very spacious with great views down Powell and west to Ocean Beach. This was our 3rd stay in SF and this was without doubt the best hotel and not the most expensive we've stayed in. 1 block from Union square with the cable car going past the hotel, this is ideal for shopping and access to the excellent public transport system. We would recommend this hotel for business or vacation, it is unpretentious and the effort is therefore put into making the guests stay hassel free.	
Dec 1 2006 	Great Hotel	This was a great hotel stay. I was in town for less than fun reasons (my father was having surgery) so having a nice retreat was wonderful. The room was large and very clean. The bed and bedding were cozy. Had dinner at the end of the day at the restaurant on site and had a delicious dinner. The location is good, close to Union Square and theaters. The staff was very nice. Free internet would be a welcomed improvement, though.	
Nov 21 2006	Great stay!	My wife and I just got back from spending 4 nights at the Crowne Plaza.Good:Staff- The staff was one of the highlights of this hotel. Every employee said hello or asked how we were doing whether it was the doorman or one of the maids.Location- right where you want to be. one block away from Union Square, cable car stop across the street, and within walking distance of many great restaurants.Bad:The only negative that we saw was the rooms were a little small, but the bed made up for that, very comfortable.	
Nov 18 2006 	Very pleased with hotel	We arrived early and were able to check in and get into the room. Large room which was clean and well appointed. The hotel is located in a great area for a tourist but beware, there are homeless everywhere in the Union Square area of San Fran.--all day and night. Never did we feel uncomfortable near the hotel, though. Union square blocks away. Chinatown starts about 4 blocks away. Great shopping everywhere. Short walk to Bart. Busses all around. Trolley right outside front door. Touristy but if it’s your first time to SF, you need to take it. Take the Fisherman’s Wharf trolley. Not a bad walk to the convention center but if you are planning on coming back with bags of stuff from a trade show, try the Pickwick hotel a few blocks from the convention center instead. It’s a boutique hotel so the vibe is different and it’s cheaper.Positives: nice little goodies in room (soaps, eyeshades, clip to hold drapes closed,, etc). Large room. Nice pillows/duvet. Good sized bathroom (not big but not tiny). Excellent pressure/heat in shower.Very quiet (you can hear cable car bell during the day only) We were on the 11th floor on the Powell St sideThey try to make your stay comfortable with a relaxation CD but it's a spoken word thing which was rather annoying.CD player bedsideNegatives: They were supposed to be luxurious soft pillow-top beds and I wonder if our room was missed. The bed was hard and not pillow-topped. I complained when we checked out but never heard back from them. They need to replace the straight shower rod with a curved one. Shower feels cramped (considering the location of the grab bar in the tub).$40/day to valet park the car. There is supposed to be a $30 lot down the street but we arrived in terrible traffic, it took 45 minutes to go 3 blocks due to a parade, so we just pulled into the valet since we found it first.CD player/clock bedside was so bright it lit up the room at night. The restaurant in the hotel too expensive. $21 for Sunday breakfast. Across the street is an average faux 50’s diner (Lori's) which is overpriced: $9 for a plain omelet. Down the street a few storefronts was a very good looking restaurant (Sears Fine Food) with a small line at 7am on a Sunday. We went to eat there at 9am and the line was down the block. We didn't have time (or patience to wait) but my guess is the food is excellent. Prices were great. Menu listed Swedish pancakes, French toast, etc. We found a hotel next door to Sears (Chancellor?) which had a breakfast menu posted outside. For about $12 we had excellent omelets with fresh vegetables/nice meats with real potatoes (not frozen) and excellent coffee in a nice environment. Up Powell 1/2 a block is a Japanese place which had an excellent lunch.Overall the hotel was nice and I’d stay again if the price was right but still, I like the Pickwick Hotel best.	
Nov 14 2006 	Very Good Hotel	My sister and I took our mother to S.F. to celebrate her 80th birthday. After reading many hotel reviews we decided on the Crown Plaza and we were not disappointed. We stayed on the 19th floor in a Jr. Suite and the room was large and had a terrific view of the city. The bathroom was large enough to meet our needs but wish it had a exhaust fan. There was a small refrigerator that we used for bottled water and yogurt. All of the hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful. We were especially grateful to the door man who was always ready to give us directions with a smile. This hotel is very centrally located and I would definite recommend it. Also, just across the street is a terrific place for breakfast called Sears. If you don't get there early, there will be a line, but it moves quickly and is worth the short wait. We also had dinner at Sears one evening but it was no match to their wonderful breakfasts.	
Nov 10 2006 	Not bad all in all	Generally, I dislike almost everything about Crowne Plaza hotels. It's definitely my least favorite &quot;mid-scale&quot; hotel brand. But I was pleasantly surprised by the Crowne Plaza-Union Square in San Francisco. All in all, this property is not bad.For starters, the rooms are relatively spacious, at least by San Francisco standards. The location is excellent. And the rate was relatively inexpensive by San Francisco standards. (I was fortunate enough to qualify for a corporate rate that was about 40% less than the hotel's standard rack rate.) To top it off, the view from my room on the 23rd floor was outstanding. (Rooms on upper level floors with views of San Francisco Bay command a slight rack rate surcharge. But the surcharge is apparently waived for some corporate-rate guests.)My dislikes about the hotel: A very bland, uninspiring decorating scheme, which seems to be highly typical of most Crowne Plaza locations. Inadequate air conditioning in the lobby, elevators, hallways and other common areas. (The weather was unusually warm during my stay, with temperatures in the mid 70s.) Somewhat worn and outdated room furnishings and carpenting.Would I stay here again? Yes, if the price was right.Would I stay here if I had to pay anything close to the rack rate? Definitely not.	
Oct 24 2006 	Pleasantly surprised at the Crowne	Although check-in was slow and wonky, this was to be expected during the huge convention weekend of our stay (10/20/06). Beyond its central location and comfortable rooms, there were notable unexpected bonuses: excellent, restful bedding (critical after a cross-country flight); friendly, accommodating staff; insulation from street noise superior to most other area hotels, and absolutely breathtaking views from the upper floors. Oh, and they don't go smoke-free after accepting a smoking reservation (hear that, Marriott?) My only complaints were the indifferent concierge and the tiny (for a place of its size) lobby. Overall, a solid, reliable choice in Union Square.	
Oct 8 2006 	Very Good Option For SFO	very good located with friendly people, this hotel is a very good option for san francisco.we arrived 23 sept via dallas from argentina and stayed 5 nights.check-in was fast and without problems.i found the room small but confortable and cleannegative : no safety box and mini-bar in the room.all the other were fine.the relation hotel-price was very good and i recommend make the reservation with breakfast.very good location for a very nice city.	
Sep 15 2006 	nice hotel	I enjoyed the Crown Plaza - pleasant staff, clean rooms, good location.I used Hotwire - $89 + tax = $101 per night. The desk clerk said their contract with Hotwire was for only smoking rooms. Hotels seem to give the worst rooms to Hotwire &amp; Priceline customers. There must have been a lot of available rooms, he gave me a room that he said was no-smoking. The room was on the lowest floor (5th). Positives - -close to many restaurants. Try the nearby Café Espresso or Sears Fine Foods for breakfast. The food court in the lower level of Macy’s is nice for a quick lunch.-close to the cable car &amp; other public transportation lines. The $24 weekly pass is a good deal. The pass covers cable cars, buses &amp; trolleys, but not BART.-The hotel staff was helpful &amp; pleasant. -The hotel was clean &amp; well run. The beds were especially comfortable.Negatives – -a lot of noise, especially at night. The first night they emptied nearby dumpsters on at least three occasions during the night. Rooms on higher floors might be a little quieter.-The area immediately around the hotel and Union Square appear very safe. However, only a block or two west of Union Square is the notoriously dangerous Tenderloin District. -Some of the furniture was overdue for replacement, but overall the quality was ok.	
Aug 16 2006 	Great location great service	Spent 2 nights in a standard king room, on the 21st floor, which offered a nice view of Nob Hill.Room was terribly small, but cozy, fresh looking and very clean. The bedding was amazingly comfortable...and nice Crowne amenities were provided to ensure a restful sleep. Great shower, and clean but small bathroom. Room was quiet, windows kept the street noise out. Small but clean lobby, with a nice little bar. Service was very friendly and top notch. Internet access ($10/day, $5/hr) was reliable, wireless is available in the lobby area as well.Valet parking was quite expensive ($40/day), however you can opt to park 2 doors down in the Sutter St garage for $27/day ($30/day with in/out).Great location for shopping, strolling around Union Square, the art galleries, museums &amp; more. Fine restaurants aplenty in the immediate area, and Chinatown is pretty close as well. Cablecar to the Wharf stops right across the street (they are usually quite full from passengers starting the ride at Union Square, so you may have to wait for a few cars to go by before finding room on one).Despite having had a smallish room, it was a good value for location and level of service. Would gladly stay here again.	
Aug 14 2006	Great Rooms Good Service	I stayed here for 5 nights. The room was large and nicely furnished - it was on one of the higher floors (25th). The deli next door is good for breakfast, as is the diner adjacent and the french cafe opposite. The bar and restaurant lack soul, but there are plenty of other places close by which mean you don't have to eat there. Perfect location for all things downtown.	
Aug 9 2006 	great from start to finish	we arrived at the hotel for the 1st 4 nights of a 2 week holiday to celebrate our 25th anniversary and were immediately impressed with both the hotel and the staff. we were shown our room by a lovely bell-boy and were very pleased - we were on the 22nd floor and had a great view! the room itself was very large, 2 double beds, comfy armchair and footstool by the window, work desk, tv etc, large bathroom although not sure about the wallpaper!-the rest of the room was plainer, plenty of hanging space. the bed was very comfy, air con and opening window. very clean, plenty of space, and what a location! the cable car stop is right outside {although it was always full]},shops, restaurants,china town all on the doorstep and we walked pretty much everywhere, even to fishermans wharf, coit tower, lombard street etc- good exercise, nice to get a &quot;feel&quot; for the city, and we could enjoy the great food knowing we;d earned it!for a hotel in the heart of san fran this was brilliant - didn;t try the restaurant although it smelled good when you walked through the lobby! we used lori;s diner across the road for breakfast - lovely and very retro - and ate out every night. it was great at the end of a long day to relax with a glass of wine and look at the view and again at night with a nightcap looking at all the lights.	
Jul 21 2006	crowne plaza union square was GREAT	My husband, 2 teenage kids and myself just returned from 5 days in SF. We stayed at the Crowne Plaza Union Square and had a large beautiful room with a wonderful view, generous breakfasts(Only $10 more than the regular room rate for 2 breakfasts). The hotel was in a great locaton (Sutter and Powell) so just 1 block off Union Square. The room was quiet, had air conditioning, (which was needed due to a heat wave) and can't think of anything wrong with the hotel, staff, etc. We checked in a few hours early without problems. We would definately stay there again!	
Jun 5 2006 	Great location	I enjoyed everything about my stay at the Crowne Plaza. The location was great; near Union square shops, handy to the cable car (if you like that form of transport - I prefer foot). The food at the conference I attended was excellent. The internet connection could have been cheaper though - like free. I've stayed in cheaper hotels where it's free. The relaxation pack provided was a bit of a gimmick, but nice that they tried. The staff were all very friendly and courteous. Overall very enjoyable, and would stay again.	
May 23 2006	Wonderful everything!	San Fran was our first port of call on a month long trip. We arrived before checkin time but they allowed us to check straight in. The service was second to none, with everyone from the front desk and concierge to the bartender/room service (a special mention to Tom) totally professional, courteous and friendly. Our room was well appointed, well serviced and large. We liked it so much we rebooked for our return to San Fran before flyng home to Australia. It's handy to shops, restaurants and local attractions. The cable cars to Fishermans wharf run alongside the hotel and Chinatown is just around the corner. It's a tad expensive but we definitely got what we paid for.	
May 10 2006	Great Stay at the Crowne	We came to San Francisco for a family holiday and were greatly surprised and pleased with our stay and service from the staff at this hotel. The conceirge and door staff were very knowledgable and assisted at every opportunity. The front desk staff were really pleasant and helpful as well. The beds were outstanding and great to fall into at the end of our day.Did not have an opportunity to eat at the hotel as there were too many options nearby that we took advantage of - some of which we were guided to by the door men.Will definitely stay here again, a great hotel in a very safe area and outstanding service.	
May 4 2006	Very average	Poor customer service from the front desk. Not friendly, not helpful. An older type hotel, looked a bit run down. Needs a makeover to bring it up to the mark. 4 outta 10.	
Apr 30 2006 	Very nice great location	Great location with great access to public transportation. We jumped on the cable car to take us everywhere. Close to chinatown and walking distance to many retail shops. Hotel was somewhat pricey but very very clean.	
Apr 16 2006	Good Choice	Stayed there during the easter week. Loved the location, close to Union Square shopping locations as well as cable car turnaround.Staff was particulary friendly and attentive; Room was conveniently sized; beds excellent. Breakfast buffet offers everything needed to start the day.The only thing we would definitely not recommend is the food from the streetside Cafe Fresco belonging to the hotel. I would rank what is served there (at low cost of course) close to worst food in the world.Anyway, if we ever return to San Francisco, we will choose the Crowne Plaza Union Square again.	
Apr 11 2006	Very pleasant stay	I booked hotwire and got a great deal. Staff were friendly and helpful, particularly the porters. The room was large with an extremely comfortable bed. Furnishings were bland but nice enough. Fantastic location right on Union Square, close to numerous shops and restaurants and a couple of blocks from Chinatown.	
Mar 13 2006	Loved Crowne Plaza	Brilliant hotel, had a wonderful stay on our first trip to the States. The location was good for walking to China Town, the shops and getting the cable car. Our room was big, airy and very clean. Would definitely return and recommend.	
Mar 3 2006	Thanks Crowne Plaza	We stayed here from Feb 12-19 2006. We loved the hotel. Had an oversized junior suite that was a corner room and very spacious with sitting area. The staff at this hotel were most pleasant. Every single one.The hotel was convenient because it was so central. It wasn't too far from anywhere. I had a conference at the Moscone Center and it was a very pleasant 5-10 min. walk.When we left we forgot a very sentimental blanket in our baby's crib. We forgot to call back for about 2 weeks and to our surprise, they had found and kept the blanket. Not only that but they mailed it to us at their expense. Now that's what I call service.Thanks Crowne Plaza San Francisco for a wonderful stay.	
Feb 14 2006 	Great value	I stayed at this hotel on a overnight business trip. I had stayed here quite a few years ago, and recalled that it was pretty nice, but was not sure what to expect this time. I was pleasantly surprised. The front desk was very helpful (printing out boarding pass for the next day's flight) and upgraded me without being asked to a junior suite. The room was huge, with the king-sized bed separated from the sofa/sitting area by a low wall. It was a corner room, with bay windows on two walls. The bed was very comfortable, and I liked the relaxation cd provided. The bathroom was pretty tiny, but had a good shower and fluffy towels. I had dinner and breakfast from room service, which was prompt, and the food was good.	
Jan 31 2006	Crown Plaza - Great location	We stayed 7 nights first of Jan. 06. Location was perfect, could not have found a better place. Cable car few feet from our door, area very flat (for SF), close to shopping; restaurants. Just a couple of blocks from China Town. This was our first trip to SF and I don't think we could have found a better location. Room very quiet, very, very clean, staff very helpful. No problems whatsoever. Would definitely stay in this exact same location again.	
Jan 22 2006 	Reasonable SF hotel	Great location. Walk to shops/restaurants in Union Square and Nob Hill. Convinient to public transportation. Rooms above average, clean. Stayed in the &quot;quiet zone&quot; which was nice-- wasn't bothered by street noise like in a lot of the other Union Square hotels. Would stay here again, good value for the SF area if you can find a deal online.	
Jan 13 2006	Just PERFECT!!	Booked two rooms when staying in San Francisco for a friend's birthday treat. I travel a lot on business - this hotel exceeded my expectations. It was one of the best decisions of the trip. I split the holiday between two hotels in the city and really regretted leaving the Crowne Plaza.(1) LocationAn easy walk from the Powell Street BART station (I took the BART from the airport). Great for shopping, being two blocks from Union Square. Great for all the city-centre attractions. The cable-car stops outside reception! Takes you down to Powell / Market Street, or down to Fishermans Wharf.(2) RoomsWe had a standard room. Quality and cleanliness very high. Most rooms seem to have a large bay window. My room was at the back of the hotel and I could see the bay and quite a lot of the city, including Coit Tower and the Transamerica Pyramid. The bay window is great. The room is bigger as a result and you get a much wider view from your hotel. The beds are very comfortable. Every room has a CD player and they even provide a relaxing &quot;sleep-advantage&quot; CD.(3) Food / FacilitiesDidn't try the restaurant - so many choices in San Fran!!The breakfast was great (Crowne Plaza's usual standard). There is also a coffee-shop / Deli in the hotel that does fantastic egg &amp; bacon breakfast muffins - dangerous!! Lot's of coffee choices, bagels, muffins, cereals etc - I recommend it for a faster getaway in the morning. There is a friendly bar. We were also given vouchers on arrival that gave you a free drink in the bar and concessions at the restaurant etc.	
Dec 9 2005 	Great location great service small room	I was in SF on business and this was one of the few places that had the number of nights I needed, six, and was close to the Moscone Center. I was able to get a corporate rate of $130 plus tax for each night.The staff service was excellent. The bell captains helped me with a ride to the airport and were exceptional in their service, the housekeeping staff helped me with some laundry, the housekeeping staff kept my room neat and tidy, the wake-up service actually came to check on me when I was unable to get to the phone to answer the wake-up call, etc. This place had better staff service than grander hotels where I have stayed.The room was smaller than some other rooms I've had, but it had a king-sized bed, a chair and ottoman, a desk, and a dresser. The TV was set on on a stand that wasn't in front of the bed, so it was uncomfortable to watch. My room gave me a view of Powell Street and I could hear the cable car bell occasionally, but overall, being on the 10th floor, the street sound wasn't bad; the only time it woke me up was when sirens were going by. The sleep kit they give you is really, really nice; I am a light sleeper, so this was very much appreciated.The bath products are very nice. Herbal and spa like. It was one of the better lines I've had in hotels; even nicer than the Parc 55, where I stayed a year ago.The location is great. There's a 24-hour Walgreens across the street, lots of casual restaurants nearby, a short walk to Union Square, a 10-minute walk to the Moscone Center, a short walk to Chinatown, a Wells Fargo machine nearby, etc. The location is far superior to the Parc 55, the only other SF hotel I've visited.The drapes had a stain on them, and the carpet seemed old and musty, but otherwise, the room was furnished nicely. The bed linens seemed very clean, including the duvet cover, which is important to all travelers.The hotel has a Cafe Fresco, which has great hours and a nice selection of foods to go, as well as some seating. For a business traveller, like myself, this was great.My one complaint is that I could smell food smells one night. I don't know if a neighboring room had room service or if the smell came in from the heating and cooling units. It was gross though. There was no way to open the window to air out my room.If I return to SF next December, I might stay there again, but I might try another hotel just to try something different.	
Nov 30 2005 	Big room great bed no exec club breakfast	Enjoying a large, clean room near Union Square without paying a fortune is a rarity in San Francisco. The new bedding and the &quot;sleep kit&quot; amenity really did help me sleep better in this lively city. The staff were very courteous and helpful. Usually I have access to the executive club breakfast room in Intercontinental Hotels, but they didn't have one here.... instead I went across the street to an authentic European cafe. The lobby of the hotel is small and busy; perhaps the elevators are not monitored as closely as they should be for people wandering in off the street. Overall, I was pleased and would return.	
Oct 31 2005	Very pleased with this coice of hotel!	A friend and I were looking to stay in the Union Square area for the Nike Women's Marathon, and we were extremely pleased with this hotel for several reasons:1. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION - a few blocks up the hill from the BART station, one block from Union Square stores and the race expo, catty-corner from a 24-hr Walgreens (which I made several trips to!), right by cable car stop, and many cafes/coffee shops/restaurants to choose from. I ended up hitting a great but cheap Thai place called Bangkok on Powell twice in 3 days. We were also about a mile walk from the Ferry Bldg.2. Quasi-known quantity - we did a lot of internet research and tried to find a swanky or funky boutique hotel that met all our criteria but the most promising ones either didn't have double beds or the TripAdvisor feedback warned me off. I figured if we did have a problem, I'd have better luck resolving issues with a corporate hotel like CP than an independent place. Plus I knew I liked the new CP bedding.3. Great rate - due to luck, I was able to get my company's corporate rate, which put the CP rate significantly lower than comparable hotels in the area.This obviously won't help out most of you, but if you work for a big company with your own Travel Services, try to see if there is a corporate rate. Bonus: the sales dept had delivered to our room a little bag of Mrs. Fields cookies and a note greeting me as a visitor from my company, which was not expected but a nice extra touch.The hotel was very nice - nothing over the top luxurious, but I don't need the 5-star treatment, nor do I care to pay for it. Lobby area was small-ish but not too important to me. The room (2 dbl beds) was above avg in size, with an addl sitting area in the bay window and desk with dataport (no issue w/ the high-speed internet connection speed). Overall, I got a killer corporate rate ($130 + tax) for an above-avg hotel in a fabulous location.	
Oct 17 2005 	Great location staff and rooms	Very nice rooms, great staff and a great location. The only negative is that the prices in the restaurant are quite expensive.	
Aug 8 2005	Parking prices are outrageous	The parking prices were shocking. Even though I read previous reviews, I still parked at the hotel. We were planning on moving the car but never did. It was just too convenient. The price--with tax--was about $44.00 a night. The rooms were ok..nothing special. Our room overlooked the ugly roof tops of nearby buildings. I guess that's what you get when you book at cheapest rate. The consierge was non-existent. We talked to her on our 1st day to get directions...then nothing but an empty desk the rest of the week. When we wanted to change our reservations to leave a day early, we were treated nicely and they had no problem with it. I thought they might try to charge me for the extra day, but they didn't. The Crowne Plaza is in a great location...so if that's what you want, go there. I would say it was a average hotel in an expensive city.	
Aug 2 2005 	Executive Level without a club room	I had reservations to stay at this property in July 2005. I reserved an executive level room and not only consulted the web about the amenities but also called reservations where I was told they serve a continental breakfast and evening cocktails in the club room. When I checked in (still paying the exec level rate) I was handed a coupon to have breakfast at the hotel's restaurant and was told the club room was just an empty room with no services. Not happy with this 'bait and switch' tactic, I asked to speak with a manager. He couldn't have been more insolent. At best the management allow me to cancel my reservation as I had found another room at the Hyatt Union Square on their club level. There the expected services were available, i.e. continental breakfast, evening reception and a working club room. My advice to travelers is to beware when you plan to pay more for 'extras' promised on club levels. Hotels should be up-front about what they do and do not provide. Who wants to pay more for a room labeled club level simply because it has restricted key access in the elevator with no additional services.	
Jul 20 2005	very large rooms	I booked a king room for last weekend, and I must say I was impressed by how large this room was, not only by San Francisco standards - but large even for a room in the middle of nowhere. However, there are many downfalls ... 1st, they extra charge for every single thing: parking is 38$plus tax, so around 44, instead of 27$ (down the street), which is still steep, but ... 2nd, the net connection is slower than dial-up, yet they charge 10$/day ... there is no breakfast, you can order it but everything is 19$+tax for room service ....that beeing said, the hotel has a perfect location, and if you get a higher floor beautifull views.	
Jul 17 2005	Great hotel parking nearby is cheap Internet slow	I'm a business traveler - my stay at the Crowne was very nice. The service was good, the rooms were good quality (not very big, but I didn't need that), and the beds were comfy.The parking provided by the hotel is very expensive, but just one block away is the municipal Sutter-Stockton garage, which is $7 overnight. So if you plan on using your car during the day anyway, it's great.My one complaint was that the high-speed Internet access was very slow. I was getting about 60Kbps speeds through the Ethernet, which is way lower than other hotels. That is NOT worth the $10/night fee.	
Jul 12 2005 	Good Hotel in a Great Location	The Crowne Plaza SF is located on the corner of Sutter and Powell. You cannot beat this location for access to the city center, financial district, cable cars right outside your door and only a short (5 blocks) walk to BART.The rooms are o.k. in size and have comfortable furniture. Lobby is relatively small. Did not try the restaurant since there are some many great SF restaurants in this area, North Beach and in the financial district. I did not hear any noise from the street during my stay. Only problem is that the bathroom is small and the shelf above the sink makes it difficult to use the sink without hitting your head. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 23 2005	comfy but small	we stayed at the crown plaza in San Francisico for 4 nights.My husband and I could believe how perfect the location was. The hotel has really comfy beds but It is a little small. Would stay there again.	
Jun 15 2005	Please Read First!	We booked on Priceline. We got a $150+ room for $85! Be leary booking through the hotel website, because we were amazed at the deal we got. We were so impressed with the hotel, we would stay there again in a heartbeat, even though we usually stay at Starwood hotels. +Front desk- Very accomodating and patient, we were given a corner king size non-smoking room, no problem, even though they were oversold that night.+Cleanliness- Although not overly ornate, the lobby was clean, bright and welcoming. +Room- Not large by any means, but very nicely decorated. The bathroom was spotless and the amenities were unique. The small touches made a huge difference to us. Since the hotel was on a busy street (the trolley runs right pass), there were earplugs, eye masks and lavender linen spray by our bedside. Make sure you request a room on a high level---A must to limit the noise and increase your view.-Housekeeping- That was the only bad part. They were cleaning rooms, making lots of noise fairly early in the morning to a sleepy traveller. They kept on banging the doors, talking...at first I thought it was guests, but I was wrong.I hope you listen to my recommendation and have as great as an experience as we did. Make sure you do not overpay, or else you will be disappointed.	
May 28 2005	Great Stay	Arrived Sunday for a 3-night stay. Rooms were a little small-ish but very comfortable. CP's relaxation/sleep program is very conducive to a good night's rest. Very convenient to Powell St. Transit Station, and cable car line stops next to the hotel. Restaurant is on the pricey side, but there are plenty of less-expensive options within walking distance. Will stay here again on future trips.	
May 24 2005	Great Location	The location of this hotel is excellent and if you're high up enough and towards the back of the hotel the views are excellent as well. However on the lower floors (3-11 or so) the rooms are very small and cramped. We had to switch rooms after the first night because it seemed as if the room were for one person instead of two. We were moved to the 26th floor - designated as the quiet zone. This was nice because the hotel guarantees no loud noises, tv's, radios, children, etc. The room was also slightly larger. We had a great view of the bay and Coit Tower. The trolley line runs right along Powell street which is right outside the door. The turnaround for that trolley line is only a 5-7 minute walk down Powell St about 4 blocks...however the wait in line will be about 20-30 minutes. Parking rates here are ridiculous. The parking is $38/day and that does not include the 14% hotel tax. No thanks. We moved our car up the street to 450 Sutter, where the parking was $24/day or $30/day for all day in-out priviledges and that includes tax. There's also another parking garage a little further down the block (Stockton-Stutter garage) with even cheaper rates I believe. With the in and out priviledges we chose at the 450 Sutter garage, they parked our car very close so we were always within our vehicle within 5 minutes of requesting it - even with long lines. The concierge was not friendly or helpful when we asked for help with directions and routes to different attractions. We also got free complimentary drink coupons upon check-in. Housekeeping did a great job and usually had our room spotless by noon each day. Although the rooms aren't the best I've seen (I've seen Holiday Inn Express hotels that outrank this place) I'd definitely stay again just because of the location. The location made the 9 day stay at this hotel worth the money!	
Mar 24 2005 	A classy hotel for a decent price.	My partner and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Union Square while attending a professional conference at the Moscone Center, and we found it to be quite delightful, especially for the low price we paid. The room was clean with clean, tasteful decor. The beds were quite comfy, with plenty of pillows and quality linens. The staff was very friendly and attentive. We loved their little sleep kit, which included lavendar spray, ear plugs, an eye mask, and a relaxation CD. The bath amenities are also quite nice.We did have just a couple of complaints: 1. We were stuck right next to the elevators, so we could hear them all night. 2. We reserved a king sized bed, and ended up with two double beds. 3. The drinks at the bar were outrageously priced ($10 a piece for very basic mixed drinks). If you do stay here, be sure not to use the valet or hotel parking. It's outrageously priced at $38 +tax per day. We made the mistake of using it the first night and promptly moved our car to the city garage around the corner the next day. It's still pricey if you aren't accustomed to SF prices, but it was far cheaper ($70 for three days).The little cafe/deli downstairs is a nice place to grab a quick breakfast or lunch. We didn't try out the restaurant, but we did order some salads via room service and found them perfectly delightful.The location of the hotel is good--it's close to lots of shopping, the theater district, and not far from downtown, chinatown, northbeach, etc. If you can get a good deal, it's well worth it.	
Mar 2 2005 	Cheap/Convenient/Great place to Stay	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza during the early part of February. It was a great stay except for the rain all week but the hotel couldn't control the weather. After reading other reviews, I have to say I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. The staff was extremely helpful and nice, except for the doorman that ordered us a limo for our trip back to the airport. He said it wouldn't cost over $40 and it ended up costing us $45. You can definitely book something cheaper. The maid was exceptionally nice and the room was extremely clean. My hairdryer broke on the first day of my stay and they immediately replaced it with a new one.The hotel's location is very convenient. The bed was comfortable and the non-smoking room was located on one of the higher floors (above 20) so city noise was kept at a minumum. I did not use the business center and did not need Internet service. If you need these amenities, you might consider staying somewhere else.I would stay at this hotel again, it was a wonderful visit. San Francisco is a great town!	
Feb 27 2005	Simply Fascinating	We stayed here last year for two days and our experience was just wonderful. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and the proximity to China Town is very very convenient. Would love to go back if given the opportunity.	
Feb 27 2005	We liked it and will be back.	My husband and I have stayed at the Crowne Plaza twice now for business in San Francisco. Mid-January and late February 2005. The Business Center is small and there is always a wait. Plus, the internet is pretty expensive to use. We haven't tried the internet in our room and we have not tried other hotels in San Francisco, so I can not compare. We saw an internet cafe right up the street. (Cross Powell, then cross Sutter, then walk up Sutter.) We didn't go in, but a sign said $8/hour. I have to disagree with one of the bad reviews about some things. Our maid service was wonderful. Of course, we tip a couple dollars and leave a note saying Thank You and &quot;can we please have extra towels, soap... etc.&quot; It helps to be nice! Also, the waiters at the restaurant are VERY friendly. I got sick while on our trip and my husband went down to ask for breakfast to go (they have a good buffet that came with our room rate). They catered to him instantly and asked how I was doing the next morning when I showed up. I would have to say that the Bellmen are a little aloof. When they take you to your room, they are fast but friendly. When we were in the elevator with one of them, they didn't say hello, just stared at the numbers going down. This could be hotel policy though.We stayed on the executive floor which is high and has beautiful views. It is also decorated nicer than the other floors. I noticed this when we got off on the 7th floor to visit the gym. The wallpaper and carpet seemed old and dull where as the executive floor had marble flooring and bright colors. (The gym is well equipped, but busy during early evening.)They are also very slow at checking-in. We fly to Oakland and take the BART Subway all the way to Union Square. (The station is about 5 blocks from the hotel.) By the time I got to the hotel, the last thing I wanted to do was stand in line for 20 minutes to check in when there is barely anyone else around.They also have their &quot;SleepVantage&quot; program. They have a clip on their curtains to help keep slivers of light out at night and they give you an eyemask, earplugs, and a lavender spray for your linens. Lavender is very relaxing. They also have a relaxing CD, but I didn't like it.The people who visited us in our room were amazed by our view. Our rate was around $180/night and after checking similar hotels with the things we wanted, this was one of the best rates. We may check out other hotels if we have the time. But, I would have no problem staying here again.	
Feb 23 2005	Great service/location at the Crowne	We just had a sorority reunion (12 older women) at the Crowne Plaza Union Square and every aspect of our stay at the the hotel was excellent. The management/staff went out of their way to make our visit first class. The location is perfect...Powell and Sutter...cable car accessible and convenient muni bus routes close at hand. The rooms were bright and large and the beds were exceptionally comfortable....all new, pillow-topped. A+ rating in our book!	
Jan 12 2005	Wonderfully Restful Room + Great Location	Crowne Plaza Sutter Street San Francisco. Above average accommodations, indulgent amenities, great location in Union Square.Right in the heart of the &quot;shopping district,&quot; adjacent to the Cable Car, and near every great Theatre, Bar and Restaurant. Wonderfully appointed room, beautiful window treatments, elegant bed linens, blanket and cushy comforter. Silky covered throw pillows, comfortable reclining chair with ottoman, nice cherrywood desk with internet access.Marble shelved bathroom with expensive toiletries. A door separates the bedroom from the entrance foyer and bathroom- a great place to store shopping bags or to change clothes discreetly. Closet is rather large. Room, while not huge, is not as small as most SF hotels. It's very very comfortable for a maximum of 2 persons. &quot;Bay&quot; type window affords extra elbow room. Staff is very polished and helpful. Nice lobby bar and Restaurant - Girasole on lobby level. Excellent food and service. Hotel Guests usually receive a free cocktail and 30% off dinner. The only negative is the terrible terrible terrible problem with the homeless in and around Union Square. These are militant, obnoxious and odiferious street people, many of which have severe emotional problems. Former Mayor Brown provided a cash dividend to the homeless and attracted them by the hundreds if not thousands. They are not receiving the care and housing that many other major cities provide- they're simply left to themselves on the street. I've seen them bathe in the fountain opposite City Hall, and around Civic Center on Market Street. Often, they will not turn away if you decline eye contact, but follow and harass you. The cocktail lounge on the top floor of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel is right nearby. The historic Gold Dust Lounge Jazz Club (circa 1933) is two blocks away. Great Irish Pub - Lefty O'Douls one block away also. Tiffany's next door, Macy's across the park - great great neighborhood for shopping. Treat yourself to a nice room while in San Francisco.	
Jan 4 2005	Well it was cheap...	There were only two good things about this hotel - I did not pay a lot of money for the room and it was on the trolley line.My experience was terrible. I felt that the staff was rude and incompetent and the room was cramped. The maid service in particular was horrible. I had the same problem other travelers mentioned about the internet connections but found an internet café up the street. Also the price for parking in the garage was $38 a night and on the bill they charged a tax on that amount. I moved the car after the first night to the Sutter Stockton garage (about a block away) and it only cost $25 a night.Next time I will be glad to pay more money and not stay at that hotel.	
Dec 18 2004	great for shopping but location totally tourist oriented	We stayed on the weekend after Thanksgiving. The location is perfect for shopping and Union Square tourist activities with a cable car outside etc. The room was renovated, high up with a view so no complaints about noise. Only down side was no refrigerator in the room but ice machine near-by.There are few staff seen around but I assume security is good given the brand of the hotel.For a broader San Francisco experience, I would not recommend the hotel, due to its location, but it was perfect for shopping.	
Nov 14 2004	Excellent Value	We stayed for 2 nights at $150 per night. The location is perfect--right outside the door is the cable car; shopping is all around; a few breakfast places are right across the street; and the public parking garage is one block away (TIP--it is MUCH cheaper to park your own car at the Stockton/Sutter garage which is one block away). The hotel charges $38 per day so our two nights would have been $76. Instead, our two night charge was under $45 by self parking and we had freedom to go in and out as we pleased without waiting for our car. Be sure you use the PUBLIC parking garage which is managed by the City and has reasonable rates.The room -- very clean and surprisingly roomy. The view from the 23rd floor is beautiful. The upper levels are very quiet (we even opened our window at night) and the better view is the &quot;back&quot; toward Russian Hill and Coit Tower (which we had). The bedding is very comfortable and the bed itself felt new. We were there during the strike in early November and I think because of the inconvience of hearing the workers march outside, we received complementary drinks at the bar our first night. By the way, we never heard the picket line in our room but I imagine that the guests on lower levels and in front rooms were affected!I highly recommend this hotel for its location, value and comfort. Be wary of neighborhoods when booking a downtown SF hotel--a few blocks makes a BIG difference and some areas are very sketchy. This was very safe and an easy walk into Chinatown and even up to North Beach and Fisherman's Wharf (but we able to take the cable car back and it stopped right at the door to the hotel!) We enjoyed having our car there for drives to Marin County and also into some of the residential neighborhoods.	
Oct 14 2004	Great hotel great location	A superb hotel well located on the corner of union square and with a tram stop right outside. The rooms are spacious and well kitted out with the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The excersize room had recently been upgraded when we stayed here and was very nice. The staff were friendly although we had a slight hicup at the end of our stay when they tried to charge us for an extra night (we had pre-paid the entire booking prior to arriving). Otherwise a top class hotel in a top class location.	
Jun 14 2004	Great stay but a bit dry on upper floors	I like the Crowne Plaza because it's always kept up and clean. The staff is very friendly and the concierge was wonderful! I just told her what I wanted and it was all delivered to my room or set up correctly!The only problem was that we were on one of the upper floors of the hotel (great view!) but the wind at the top made the room so dry -- I thought I was going to have to hook up a humidifier! It's probably not bad usually, it was just the weather this weekend.I love the Crowne Plaza and would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Jun 8 2004	Not for business travelers	Here's the deal....This is an acceptable hotel for leisure travelers looking for an anonyous, safe, no-frills place to stay in an urban area...the sort of folks who plan to use the room for showering and sleeping. As a result, expect lots of pragmatic, budget-minded European tourists.For business travelers, this place is a disaster. Most rooms have no internet (imagine, no internet in SF?!?!). The lobby offers wifi, but you have to buy a $5 pass from clerks who have no idea what wifi really is. Twice the wi-fi didn't work and the clerk told me to call a number in NY! The business center consists of one multipurpose printer (fax, scanner, copier, printer all in one) which used to operate via credit card (though is now broken)...and that's it for the business center. All told, simply not very functional at all compared to even the likes of a standard Sheraton or a Marriott Courtyard.Finally, if you want a nice play to stay to impress your sweetie with luxury (e.g. a nice Westin), this is NOT your place...Very utilitarian, though clean.	
Jun 4 2004	Great Location	Great location - near to shopping belt, cable car line, tourist information centre, good restaurants etc. I find the location very good, it's even near the half price ticket counter - you can walk there everyday to check out what are the good shows. If you are looking for good Italian food, there's one good one nearby called Scala. The room I stayed in is quite big, clean and good toilet amenities (nice oatmeal soaps). The only problem was with the front desk personnel. Except for Diane, the rest of the front desk personnel had stern faces and were not very helpful.	
Apr 16 2004	Great Great Great	Great Hotel especially for the money. Booked through Hotwire.com.Great location, walkable to union square, fisherman's wharf, embarcadero, coit tower, chinatown.Friendly service. Would definitely stay again.	
Mar 30 2004	OK but some problems		
Mar 1 2004	Average hotel with great location!		
Jan 12 2004	It was great!!!!!		
Jan 4 2004	Good deal		
Sep 15 2003	Large Rooms Friendly Service		
Aug 26 2003	Good Place To Stay		
Jul 16 2003	Fantastic place to stay		
Jul 8 2003	Great Location		
Jun 17 2003	Comfortable and Convenient		
Nov 1 2009 	Excelente Ubicación		
Oct 20 2009 	Excelente elección!!!		
Oct 1 2009 	Parfait		
Aug 31 2009 	Bel hôtel. Très bon emplacement.		
Aug 24 2009 	???????????		
Jul 31 2009 	bello e comodo ma mancano cassaforte e frigobar		
Sep 23 2008 	Peccato il costo del parcheggio		
Sep 22 2008 	Ottimo		
