Nov 20 2009 	Mixed review	This hotel has some good points, but quite a few problems. First, they put me in a smoking room without asking and although I toughed it out, I wasn't happy. It kind of went downhill from there. The hair dryer was broken in the room. I requested a new one several times, but it never was replaced. And the walls were so thin, I heard my neighbor coughing all night long (perhaps he should quit smoking?). The restaurant is awful. I had an inedible dinner. And the wireless internet was about as bad as I have ever seen in a hotel...very poor connectivity.The hotel is fine otherwise. Clean, comfortable room, nice lobby, location - so, so. The best thing was the desk clerk who was very helpful and pleasant. And the price was right, got it on priceline for $79 a night. I would recommend for a person on a budget, but if you can, stay somewhere else.	
Oct 12 2009 	A total and utter failure on value service location - stay away	I stayed in two hotels whilst in San Francisco, this was the more expensive of the two by a factor of twice the price, and yet it was a total disgrace. I have not had a worse hotel experience and would never stay in this hotel again.It took 15 minutes to check in at 7pm with two staff on reception and no apology for the wait. Once in the room on the 9th floor, I discover the WiFi requires you to call back to reception for the password. But trying to call reception was impossible as they have an automated menu that does everything possible to dissuade you from talking to a human being. Once I finally got it to ring through to the front desk, it rang solidly for 10 minutes with no answer. Eventually it was answered but with the comment &quot;Putting you on hold, one moment&quot; and I was then on hold for a further ten minutes, at which point someone else entirely answered, sounded indignant to my call and gave me the code with a tone that suggested I had inconvenienced then, with no apology for the wait. It took over half an hour to check in and connect to WiFi and all in vain as the WiFi was so flaky it was barely worth using. Things shouldn't have to be this difficult or sub-standard.The room itself was standard chain hotel fare, but very cold and for the price it was a little tatty with stains on the carpet and a very dirty and unpleasant looking non-slip surface to the bath. Certainly way way below the standard accepted in the UK for hotels in this price range. You'd think appalling check in, useless WiFi and a very tired looking room would be bad enough for a price approaching $200 - but this is just the beginning.Both that evening and on the morning of check out I saw adults openly defecating in the street nearby - a man in the evening and a woman in the morning. Clearly crack addicts, and I am streetwise enough that this thing does not scare or surprise me, but any hotel in the Tenderloin needs to work extra hard to justify their pricing and Holiday Inn totally fail to do so. Clearly I'm not getting value on the horrible location (and I would warn against more sensitive people staying in this neighbourhood) so I expected the value to be in the accomodation and service, which of course, it absolutely wasn't.On the morning of a Sunday check out I had pushy housekeeping who woke me up by banging open my door in an apparent &quot;hurry up&quot; gesture twice well before the supposed check out time of noon, which is unforgivable on a Sunday morning. Then when I went to check out they presented me with a $300 bill which included dinner in their restaurant. I don't even know where their restaurant is so it is extremely worrying how things can just appear in this way, at worst dishonest, at best hugely incompetent administration. As this was all being pre-authorised to my debit card I dread to think what funds were reserved.To cap it all, I asked them to phone a taxi for me (and bear in mind I have been polite and courteous throughout my stay and not complained to the staff themselves, so would not expect them to have any reason to discriminate against me in their service) but even this simple request was too much, instead of phoning they sent the porter outside to flag one and I followed, but immediately outside he said &quot;you won't get a taxi here&quot; (the hotel is 50 yards off the main street) and told me to go up to the main street and flag one for myself. I had two large heavy bags so had to haul them up there and go it alone trying to get one, which defeats the whole point of asking for their help. It took 45 minutes as the doorman of another hotel up on the main street was flagging them or calling them on a mobile for his hotels guests, which proves that some people have an idea about service.The hotel was utterly abysmal in every respect, and I would be embarrassed to work for this hotel and will never use this chain again. Holiday Inn San Francisco Civic Centre is appalling and should be avoided at all costs. The other hotel I stayed at in SF was the Metro Hotel in Lower Haight which was half the price, well run, in a safe neighbourhood, with fast Wi-Fi, clean rooms, helpful housekeeping, courteous staff (who did ring a taxi for me) and everything that the Holiday Inn Civic Centre was not. I wouldn't stay at the Civic Centre Holiday Inn if it was half the price, please don't make the mistake of staying there at the prices they actually have the nerve to charge!	
Oct 11 2009 	Gret location for Orpheum Theatre.	Only half a block from the Orpheum Theatre, so perfect for seeing a show. Small rooms, but quiet and clean. After using hotel points got the room for $60 a night. The bartender Mandy was WONDERFUL!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Value	The service was great. My pregnant wife requested extra pillows and they delivered lots of extra pillow very quickly. There was no view, but the price we paid on hotwire for it was a steal.	
Oct 1 2009 	Will not recomend to any one that I know visiting San Francisco.	$40.00 a night; not the room - parking rate per night.Got a room with no view at the end of the hall way, nasty smell like very old, damp room. Front desk clark was not friendly, when raised concern about parking rate, he compared that with NYC parking. The parking rate is ridiculously high; $40 a night!!!!!!!!!!! Not a safe area - lots of strangers asked for changes while I was walking around the block. I Will never stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 5 2009 	Outstanding Mediocrity	Despite an extensive and disruptive renovation completed earlier this year, this hotel has managed to preserve the aura of mediocrity that the Holiday Inn chain has established over many decades. Perhaps because of my Hotwire booking, I was assigned a room on the 5th floor which had touches of new and touches of the 1990s hotel that I knew and &quot; loved.&quot; Overall it's decent and comfortable but not impressive. Stayed here dozens of times because of the hotel's proximity to transit and will likely continue to do so. If this is your first visit to San Francisco, I wouldn't recommend the HI Civic Center but if you're a regular in town, this hotel is usually a good value.	
Sep 2 2009 	Would not reccomend this hotel to anyone	Very poor customer service. No priority check-in, was not recognized as priority club member. Got the worst room assigned. No view, no upgrade. Front desk was rude, manager never called me back about my issue I had with the room when I checked out. Will never stay at this property again.	
Jul 1 2009 	Absolute best bargain! Frugal travelers best choice!	This is our first time in Frisco and we couldn't been happier with our hotel choice. Free Wi-Fi! Cheap, convenient, and 1/2 block walking distance from SF's BART rail system, which only costs $5.35 (one-way) to get to from the airport, vs. a $15/$20 (one-way) shuttle service. As other have stated, the hotel is currently under construction, but we aren't spending our precious vacation time all day sitting in a Holiday Inn watching TV(i can do that at home!). Staff is very friendly, rooms (and that's the bed, carpeting, linen, and bathroom) are very clean, cable TV, very nice restaurant in the main lobby area; an overall great value.	
Jun 15 2009 	No wifi and still in construction	Just stayed there for one night, as other said about the construction, this is still far from ending. The restaurant seems to be done, but not the lobby, the lobby use part of where the old restaurant was. I heard from the checkin, only a small number of rooms had done, at least not mine. Wifi totally not working the day that I arrived, and the next day that I left, total frustration. I had also tried a different location, hallway, and lobby, no signal or only last for a few minutes. Called them, and they would reset, but nothing works, even the front desk said someone also complained about the issue, not sure if they don't want to fix, or they can't fix the problem at all. There are no more free breakfest for priority club member anymore, and they are charging $15 for the buffet breakfest ! Since no wifi and overpriced breakfest, I had decided to checkout early at 9am, and move on to Hilton Financial District, when they would offer me a free breakfest as a gold member, plus much better internet connection. I would never go back to this holiday inn until they had fix the wifi problem.	
May 28 2009 	Great hotel questionable area	The hotel is great. We received a really warm welcome and all of the staff very very helpful. The rooms are large and comfortable and very clean. The area is a little sketchy but once you get down the main street only a few blocks away it's fine. The hotel is currenly renovating but we were not disturbed at all. We would stay here again. The parking is expensive at $29 a night but there is a place across the road for $18.	
May 23 2009 	Uncomfortable bed and in not-so-great area	The bed was uncomfortable, and I did not sleep well. Everything looked old and dated, except for the lobby which was under renovation. The location is close to the civic center, where there are lots of homeless around. I was there for business, and I picked this hotel based on proximity to where I needed to go. If you're visiting SF for pleasure, Do NOT stay here. It was very expensive for the quality. Check-in was very slow, and the staff complained about their very slow new system. During check-out their staff continually apologized for their very slow service. There was an error in my bill, and the clerk was not able to fix it. She said she needed to wait for the manager, who happened to be on the phone with their programmers for other problems. Since the error in my bill was only $20, and it looked like it was going to take a long time to resolve the problem, I just accepted the loss and decided not to return to this hotel.	
May 19 2009 	Great Location	This was my second stay at this hotel. They are in the middle of a major renovation. The room we stayed in had upgraded bedding. It was so nice, not what you would expect from a Holiday Inn. The beds had plush pillows, high threadcount sheets, and down alternative comforters. If you are going to be staying there soon be prepared for some construction noise. We were awakened at 10am on Saturday by loud saws and hammers. It sounded like they were working on the room directly above us. If you are an early riser and will be out of the hotel for most of the day this won't be an issue for you. The parking is a bit pricey and unfortunately the two less expensive nearby lots are usually full. This hotel is also one block from the Orpheum Theater so it would be a great place to stay if you are going to see a show. Overall our stay was pleasant and we would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 3 2009 	Spring Break Vacation	The hotel was selected as part of a trip planner service (Orbitz, Expedia, Priceline, etc.) and noted that the hotel lobby and restaurant were under remodeling/construction. I did not let this effect my choice since I wanted location to Market St and the 'F' Line street cars, BART and the city attractions.What was not noted is that the 14th was also currently under remodel construction, not that this mattered for the most part since work only went on M-F during regular hours. However &quot;we&quot; received a notice of a water shut off from 10 am to 1 pm. Sadly I slept late and missed the shut off deadline, however figured I could get started just as easy mid-day. That was not the case as the water did not come back on until after 7 pm!The only other annoyance was that the make shift gift shop and front desk never seemed to have or want to make change when trying to break down larger bills.Other than the no water day and never being able to get change the staff was friendly and courteous. The room staff was friendly and always willing to tidy up (I stayed for a week so was not worried about daily service) and the hotel location was great - right in the center of town.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great value	We stayed here for just one night. The best part of the hotel was it was across the street from the Orpheum Theatre where we went to see Wicked. This hotel is undergoing serious renovations. If you can get over the construction, it is very nice. It will be beautiful when they are done. We stayed on the 9th floor where the room was very clean and comfortable. My only complaint was the noise in the morning. If you want to sleep past 8am, stay somewhere else. I don't know if it was actually the hotel construction or the outside noise, but it was pretty loud. The hotel has a breakfast that was very good, however when they say it ends at 9:30 they mean it. Hotel is about a block or so from the BART which we took from San Francisco Airport (cheaper than taxi or shuttle and very easy to figure out, it took about 30 minutes). Yes there are homeless people around, but it is the city. We walked to and from the theatre at night with no problems. It's about a 20 minute bus ride/trolley ride to Fisherman's Wharf. The concierge told us which line to take and it stops every couple of blocks. The Westfield Mall is a couple of blocks away. All in all , a nice place to stay. We used a coupon from the Entertainment Book and saved 10%. When you book, sign up for their Preferred Customer status. We were able to check in early right after they told someone else they had to to wait til check in time.	
Mar 11 2009 	easy to get to from airport	I stayed at the Holiday Inn alone to attend a conference. The best part of this hotel is its location to transportation. Instead of taking a shuttle from the airport for $15, I took the BART for $5.35. The BART station is just steps from this hotel - great. The bus to Fisherman's Wharf or anywhere else is only $1.25 good for 3 hours, and it's right by the hotel, too. On Wed, there is a farmers' market across the street at the Civic Center. You can buy fresh fruit there. I was not nervous about staying here. The doorman at the hotel was very helpful and gave me great directions. The pool is great, by the way, small, but fine.	
Oct 13 2008 	BAD AREA	The hotel was decent, it was the neighborhood. This hotel is in the bad part of San Fransisco. Don't go walking around at night, lots of homeless and druggies in the neighborhood. Did not feel safe! checked out a day early and drove back to L.A.	
Sep 8 2008 	Needs a refit	Room was noisy due to ill fitting double glazed panels. The emergency services love to use their sirens even in the early hours when nothings about and we heard all of them, clearly! Parking expensive at $30 a day but maybe thats the going rate. Room was clean and not a bad size but it needs updating. We found the location okay right by Market street where it was easy to get on to the Muni tram system. We were surprised at the number of homeless around some of them sleeping yards from the hotel front door .Not the area to go for late night walks.Just remember when someone approaches you as you're checking your map and they helpfully offer directions they will then expect a couple of dollars recompence!!	
Aug 27 2008 	Ok hotel rennovation noise limited services	This hotel has been undergoing rennovations for some time, and there is also building work at an adjacent property, where diggers etc made a huge amount of noise each day.The bar and swimming pool are 2 facilities that have been out of service for a couple of months minimum, and room service options offer 4 options for $10, between 6pm and 10pm. So expect to have your needs met elsewhere. Prices were not low, so service cuts are in place, though rates are not.Some of the staff are great, whilst requesting hours of work - eg. roof maintenance which created loud bangs all day, was greeted with incredulity by some of the staff: I was the hotel guest, and it was not my problem that they had subcontracted the work - take note Robert!The hotel rooms have full length glass doors, which let in a ton of traffic noise too, as well as are poorly fitted, and whistles etc. from air leaks is common in most of them. Not the best experience if you need rest!Beware, look elsewhere.	
Jul 21 2008 	The location this hotel was in was not one of the best...	We have stayed in San Fransico many times before. We needed to find a hotel that was close to the Financial district but most were already booked because of a conference that was going on in the city. It was not in a good location. One thing I must say is that the employees did go above and beyond, the were all very friendly.	
Jul 14 2008 	very frustrating experience	This was 1 of 7 hotels at which we stayed on a 2 week trip in California. It started off that our room wasn't ready when we arrived and we had to wait in the lobby for about 45 minutes for them to clean it. We were in San Fran for a vacation - no concierge to help us find our way around the town. However, the bellhop was quite helpful. While waiting, we find out that the restaurant is closed for remodeling, though they offered breakfast in some banquet room - which was very pricey. Once in our room, our kids wanted to swim a bit before we took off to begin some sight-seeing only to find out that the pool was closed. Then they went to get something to drink - they had to check almost every floor to find a vending machine that finally worked and had pop in it. The beds were the most uncomfortable of the entire trip and there was no microwave or fridge. As stated in other reviews, the location is very tenuous. We had to book this hotel on the road so we couldn't do any looking up of reviews or anything, but once we were there and began looking things up, we find that this is one section of town that it is suggested tourists avoid, especially at night. It IS conveniently located to the public transportation system, though.On the positive side, they did rebook us at another location when we complained about these things.	
Jul 6 2008 	Not a good hotel	I did a reservation for two bed plus sofa and the Hotel did not gave me this room.The location is bad in San Francisco, nearby there is a danger area. But there is public transportation near.The price is good, but not different from other better hotels.Try another one.	
Jun 2 2008	See the Ugly Side of SFO	Hotel Stay was pleasant and overall rating is AVERAGE. Hotel Room- The room is comfortable albeit a bit old but no much signs of aging though as it was well maintained. The bed and pillows are comfortable and suitable to my likings.Locations- The location is not ideal as it is situated at the far end of the Market Street. As such, you have to walk passed at a long street, passing by those &quot;homeless&quot; people to and fro go to Market Street. As a result, one does not feel safe walking along the street. You can also witness human faeces on the street due to the plentiful of homeless people around. Completely unsafe. You witnessed the ugly side of SFO.	
Jun 1 2008	Good Experience at Holiday Inn Civic Centre	We stayed here for 5 nights May 5-9/08. The beds were very comfortable and the room was clean. We had bed quilts on our beds on the first few nights and then the housekeeping staff changed the bedding and didn't bother putting them back for the rest of the nights (therefore it made the beds look as if they were half done).Front Desk receptionist Benny was very helpful and approachable. Breakfast off the menu was expensive and forgettable (yogurt and tea are $3.50 each!). A better option would be to head to the Health food store 2 blocks away to grab food and snacks.The location was great as it was a few minutes walking distance from the Civic Centre Metro station . You don't want to walk around the area-especially Mission street.Overall good experience at this hotel and I would come back.	
May 24 2008	Great Hotel	The lobby looked wonderful, and a pretty sitting area. Hotel staff were nice and helpful. The hotel room was nice with a luxurious Grand Bed, nice amenities, and a great view from the room. The restaurant was fancy with delicous continental breakfast, and a gift shop that has nice San Francisco souvenirs. it's a wonderful hotel. I would stay there again.	
May 24 2008	It all depends on the price	Rate was $154/night.The hotel has several nice features. It is located one or two hundred yards the BART and muni train transportation entrance so you can really get around from this hotel. The beds and rooms are adequate. Nothing special, typical of a budget busy city location. If your expecting luxury, this is not the place. But, I think it does deserve a 3-star rating. The bathrooms could use a refurbrishing. They really should replace the bath mats.The breakfast was excellent. You can choose from a buffet or order off the menu. Twice I took the buffet and once I order off the menu. One breakfast or credit of $18.93 for breakfast was allowed per room so I had to pay some for my wife. But the service and food were very good.Not knowing SF, I really don't know if the neighbor was good or bad. We arrived at night via BART from the airport . While we were walking the couple hundred yards someone did ask to help carry our bags....but that's SF, lots of homeless on the streets everywhere, although SF seems very safe (this was my 2nd visit to SF, but homelessness is a notable feature in SF).	
May 18 2008 	the Ghetto!!!	Holiday Inn &amp; Civic centre looks nice on the net, however once we arrived we were very disapointed. It smelt like cigarrette all throughout the hotel. it was the only hotel that we stayed in the whole time i was in the states that actually charged a $25 per day fee to park our car in the car park. We were chased out of the restaurant because we didn't tip, when the tipping policy is if you are happy with your service then please tip and we weren't happy so we didn't tip. the waitress insisted at one point i was eating turkey when it was pink and i knew was ham.. the views from the rooms are not spectacular.the only good thing was the beds were comfy and they have cheap internet access.. i'm glad something was cheap.	
Apr 21 2008 	Horrible. Worst Hotel EVER!	My car was broken into TWICE while I was there and the hotel would not only not take any credit for this but REFUSED to let me see the video camera recordings of my car in the &quot;secure&quot; garage! I have never felt so strong about any hotel in my life, and I travel a lot. This place is a dump with zero security for your property or your piece of mind!	
Apr 5 2008 	Don't stay here for more than 50.00 per night.	Where do I begin? Housekeeping does the best with what they have to work with. Hotel is run down. I booked it on Hotwire thinking it was 3 stars. Probably more like a 2 star motel. Bath mat was filthy, shower curtains worn out. The shower water takes about 5 minutes to adjust from hot to cold. I lost money in the soda machines on the 8th and 9th floors. Instead of trying the 10th floor, I went to the front desk to speak to management. He smelled of alcohol and explained to me that they want to get rid of the Coca-Cola brand machines in favor of Pepsi but couldn't because of a contract, and that he was glad that I understood. He did walk me over to the bar to get me 2 bottled waters that I was trying to get from the vending machines. The pool is NOT maintained at all. Rust and mildew on the deck floor, kids throwing objects and/or garbage from their room windows into it. Dried up snot on the room walls by the beds. We left the room each morning with a not so fresh feeling. Good luck with the &quot;stay online&quot; hi-speed internet. Good thing we had our i-phone with us.	
Mar 14 2008 	Great Hotel Challenging Neighborhood	Holiday Inn, Civic Center, San Francisco.We arrived from SFO on BART, and walked one half block from the Civic Center station in the early afternoon.The hotel is clean, with a large comfortable dual-lobby, and is replete with gift shop, cocktail lounge, and limited hour restaurant.Our top floor room was more than adequate, with a nice small balcony and clean bathroom. Safe and comfortable. Room faced the Mission Street side of hotel.Nice supply of coffee/ tea, and a hot water maker.After a quick drink and free appetizers in the lounge, we ventured outside in the early evening, when the neighborhood took on a different complexion.We felt perfectly safe as we walked to Market Street to catch the surface &quot;F&quot; trolley into the Castro. Later that evening, we noticed alot of &quot;street people,&quot; some yelling, some carrying on, but minded our own business. This same F trolley can take you directly to Fisherman's Wharf.Walk one block to 7th Street, and take the #19 bus to Polk Street and California for a stroll through a great &quot;non-touristy&quot; and local neighborhood. Many pubs, shops, bakeries, galleries, jewelry shops, and restaurants. Walk UP Polk from California, NOT the other direction. This same #19 bus will also take you to Ghiardelli Square- right near the Buena Vista, famous for it's Irish Coffee. On it's return trip, it will deposit you directly in front of the Holiday Inn.Basically, come prepared, have a good understanding of the streets, and where you wish to go. Be vigilant, and you shouldn't have any problem- since the hotel is such a short distance from Market Street. If you have very small children, you might wish to choose a different location.The staff is very friendly and accommodating. Our rate included a nice breakfast buffet. We noticed that many rooms on the pool floor had direct access to the outside patio and pool, which may be a good option for a quick morning swim.	
Mar 3 2008 	A great deal for SF lodging with excellent service	This Holiday Inn transcends its surroundings with great service. Getting off BART from SFO late one Saturday evening at Civic Center was not reassuring, but the hotel is only a block away and the walk was safe. Things looked better when I entered the dated but clean lobby. Benny at the front desk went to great lengths to get me a smoking room, even to going up and checking the room first: impressive service indeed! The room was clean with new carpet and dated, but not unpleasant decor. The bed was thankfully on the firm side (and there's a pillow menu...at a Holiday Inn? amazing). Bathroom was half-updated with old fixtures but all was working well and very clean. My tip to the housekeeper (you don't tip 'em? you should) was answered by an even more thorough cleaning and a lovely thank-you note.Breakfast here is free to Priority Club members, and mine was served hot, quickly and with a smile. My call to request an extended checkout at 2PM was handled pleasantly and with great courtesy.Absolutely everyone I dealt with at the hotel was pleasant and smiling, and best of all quite competent. Given the slightly dicey area of the hotel, the reason to stay here is the outstanding customer service (and the great rates compared to other properties in the city). Not only would I stay here again, I would recommend this place to other budget-conscious travelers looking for a clean comfortable room at a well-run downtown SF hotel.	
Feb 28 2008 	Good value for the price	I stay frequently (10+ times per year) at this property as it is near my office. The hotel is clean and comfortable, though a bit dated. The staff is always very friendly and greet me by name each time I return.The location is not the best SF has to offer. This area can be quite seedy all times during the day, but it is very convenient to BART, the Muni and easy to get in and out. It is priced accordingly and is a good value for around $100-150.	
Jan 29 2008 	An inexpensive way to see San Francisco	This hotel is just a short BART ride away from Union Square and all of the downtown SF shopping. The BART station is just 1/2 block from the front door of the hotel which is very convenient. It is also close enough to walk all the way to Union Square if you prefer but the walk doesn't take you through the nicest areas of SF. It's probably safe enough as long as you're going during reasonable hours but I'd just recommend taking BART.Like most Holiday Inn properties, it has an older feel but it is not rundown. The rooms are nice and clean and provide everything you'll need. Some of the rooms there don't have an outlet anywhere near the desk so if you're bringing a laptop, you might want to bring a portable power cord that can stretch across the room with you just incase.The front desk is extremely nice and helpful but my only complaint would be that they usually don't have enough people up front to meet the demand. It's not a place you can expect to walk up to without waiting in line.Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone. Just be mindful of the area you're in and don't decide to take a touristy walk after dark. Everything that is touristy is not walking distance from the hotel so use public transportation to your advantage.	
Dec 16 2007 	Good value if you don't mind the surroundings!	The hotel is in a good location for getting around the city, it is right on the BART, and Union Square is walkable, as is the Powell trolley station. You can even walk to clubs in SoMa, although we found they were a bit spread out!While the location is good for getting around, the immediate vicinity of the hotel is far from desirable. There always seemed to be a lot of people hanging around on the streets, but we didn't get bothered at all.We received good service from the staff in the hotel when checking in, giving us a map and highlighting the important places on it. The tap broke on our shower, but we reported it to reception and it was fixed when we came back from our night out.The rooms were average.We stayed at this hotel because we got a good deal (hotels in SF seem very expensive!), and I would only stay here again if it remained cheaper than other chain hotels. The holiday inn in Fishermans Wharf is probably a better bet if you want nicer surroundings.	
Nov 7 2007	Ugly location	The hotel is not bad, but it advertises a safe box in each room, and mine had none. The place is kind of old, a bit dusty, old furniture, not in good shape (the coffee table has a broken leg).The bathroom is OK, the bed clean.The wireless internet works OK, but not too fast. It is free.The staff is nice. My bathroom clogged on my first day, but they fixed it right away.The main problem is the location: it is in a pretty ugly area, a lot of drunk and homeless people hanging around the block. A couple of liquor stores with people hanging out. I was not too afraid, but walking around, in particular at sunset, was not pleasant.I would suggest to spend few bucks more and go to an hotel further north.	
Oct 31 2007 	Not the best experience	My choice to stay at the Holiday Inn Civic Center had to be the worst choice I've ever made regarding hotel accommodation. Upon arriving at the hotel tired from a 14hr flight, I met hotel staff rude and abrupt as they fumbled through my reservation. They deemed I had not actually made a reservation and suggested bad luck since it was now a 'blackout' period and no rooms were available. Polite suggestions there must be a mistake were met with utter disdain that I would waste their time like this. It took 6 hours of negotiation, calling international and local on my cell phone, before finally the manager realised their mistake, there was indeed a booking, and mentioned over the phone to come back to the hotel.Upon arriving again, I met the same hotel staff ending their shifts, and was again denied in a surly manner, my booking existed.More calls were necessary inside(!) the hotel to get things sorted with the manager, as the staff were far from prepared to help.Such incompetence of staff I have never seen, and I could not recommend people strongly enough to stay clear of this hotel. Furthermore to my checking in experience, the location is truly awful with drug addicts shooting up within a 2 minute walk from the front door, and every alley nearby being very unsafe. Do not take a family to stay here.	
Oct 29 2007 	Good value if you don't mind staying in at night	The hotel itself is nice. Nice clean spacious rooms, decent wireless (a little slow at times), good views from the upper rooms, and a pool (though we didn't get a chance to use it). However, the location leaves much to be desired. Although it is directly on the BART line, even the half a block to the station can be intimidating, particularly at night. If walking towards the Moscone or Union Square, stick to Market. The number of drunkards and homeless and just the number of men loitering at corners doing nothing can be quite unnerving to the average person. Hopefully, the revitalization of SoMa will continue and this area will soon be nicer.	
Oct 13 2007 	Not Bad at All	We stayed here two nights - in town for a family wedding. So it was just a convenient location for us and I can't comment much on the neighborhood since I did not explore it. I do know there is a Starbucks within walking distance....and it wasn't too far from the hotel to downtown Union Square area (but not walkable in my opinion).I liked the hotel and the room was very nice and the beds were quite comfortable. Nice view of the city. We had driven up from San Diego so we had our car but when my husband saw the in-hotel parking garage charged $27 a day he opted to park on the street for part of our stay and at the $9 per day lot across the street for one stretch of time... That worked out fine for us. (Also, if you have a handicapped sticker on your car, you don't have to feed the meter during the week or so we were told.)I especially liked the Gym on the fourth floor, which had treadmills, stair steppers, recumbant and upright bikes, variety of weight machines and a TV, plus towels and water supplied. It was never crowded when I was there. I also enjoyed the heated pool (also on the fourth floor) which at mid day is in full sunlight so even though it was a bit chilly that day it was warm in the pool and lots of chaise lounges around and tables and chairs. I also liked the breakfast buffet. Mine was free because I am a Priority Club member.There are two floors, 12 and 13 which the elevator will not stop at unless you have a keycard for that floor. So I guess if you are extremely security conscious you could ask for a room on one of those floors. My brother and his wife were on 12 but they did not ask for any special room, they were actually kind of annoyed that they had to insert the key to get up to their floor. The front desk neglected to tell them. But there is a sign in the elevator to that effect.Nice bathroom, hair dryer, ironing board and iron in the closet. Enough hangers. A little low on surface/drawer space (three drawers in TV armoire and that was all). Lighting for applying makeup not very good, but they did have--in addition to the bathroom mirror--a pull out round mirror with a magnifying side that you could position different ways, plus the closet doors were floor to ceiling mirrors. (Well I was there for a wedding so these things were important to me!) Shower head had massage options.The staff was very friendly, all of them. There were several tour groups staying there, and lots of international guests. I heard German, Italian, Japanese and Scandinavian (not sure which) spoken around me). There were lots of brochures with tour information and pickup was right in front of the hotel. I would definitely consider staying there next visit, when I have more time to explore San Francisco.	
Oct 12 2007 	good enough value	I must admit when we first got to the hotel I was a little bit concerned that we had picked a real bad place, the area has a lot of homeless people/beggars, and its a bit shocking, but if you can get passed that uneasyness, then the hotel is good value for money, rooms are a decent size, with en-suite bath/shower room, we stayed in one with 2 queen beds a tv, a small balcony that overlooked downtown san francisco.san francisco is quite a small place, so you can reach most places of interest quite easily by useing the rail, bus, cable car systems, go to fishermans wharf where theres quite a few excursions that you can book at the bayside... boat trips, alcatraz tour... lots of tourist shops and generally a great place to be, visit china town and have a meal there, cool place.I think the hotel is good value for money, and quite safe... when I go back to san francisco I will stay again	
Jul 10 2007 	Love the Holiday Inn civic Center.	After reading negative reviews about the hotel. I was prepare for the worse before I arrive. It turned out that the service was excellent. Thank you to Steven for his fast/friendly/professional check in. Hotel is new, new carpet, smell great. Location was excellent. Homeless is everywhere in big city especially downtown. So San Francisco is not exception. But they are harmless. Parking of $27 a day is reasonable in San Francisco downtown. I was able to watch fireworks from my windows. Excellent view. Short distance to everything. VERY close to SF international airport. If you forgot to pack you tooth brush/paste/comb......you can call the front desk and they can give it to you compliment. Everyone is friendly and helpful.	
Jul 5 2007 	What a smell	Overall the Hotel was not too bad although the staff were not as friendly as one would expect. The hotel was located four blocks from any life with crossing the homeless everyday to get there rather unnerving at times. But no one bothered us I must admit. However, the streets smelled of urine and my wife and I actually saw a man urinating in broad day light as traffic and other pedestrians walked by. The biggest complaint was when we had to evacuate the hotel 3am in the morning with fire engines leaving around 4am with no employees of the hotel giving directions as whether it was clear to re-enter the building. We only found out two days later through asking that another guest was smoking in their room. Someone from the hotel could have at least advised to reassure guest so early in the morning.	
Jun 27 2007 	One of the worst Hotels I have ever stayed in	I stayed in this hotel on June 26th 2007 and these are my observations of this property: 1. Outdated rooms, old furniture, old single pane windows that allow drafts/street noise in. 2. Slow &amp; intermittent connectivity with the Wireless Internet service. Felt like dial-up. 3. Inoperable bathtub, plug broken. Old fixtures in bath.4. Hotel is located in a transitional area of S.F.; transients everywhere (see below on fire alarm and evacuation and what was observed).5. Hotel has not been remodeled in many many years; my room had a dusty/old smell &amp; feel to it. And best of all.... at 3:26 am on 06-27-07, the hotel's fire alarm system went off with loud sirens and an evaucation message ordering guests to leave their rooms immediately. As I walked down the 11 flights of stairs in a stupor, I came across transients sleeping everywhere in the alley behind the hotel. We were told by the fire dept that the alarm was false &amp; it was unknown what caused it to go off. I checked out of this hotel early (4am) because I did not feel comfortable staying there anymore. A formal letter was written to Holiday Inn Hotels, Inc. expressing my concerns with the operation of this property. This property clearly does not live up to the quality standards that I have come to expect from Holiday Inn. Very disappointing experience.	
Jun 19 2007 	Excellent Value Clean Rooms Great Location	Excellent value hotel with clean rooms in a great location. The hotel is located adjacent to the BART Civic Center Station. The hotel is walking distance to Union Square (15-20 mins).Location is safe.Rooms are very clean. Nice deli nearby. Overall, one of the best deals in town. Highly recommended.	
May 9 2007	Even the hood is not that bad-and I was with my kids......	I stayed at this hotel with my 2 kids (5 and 7 yrs old). I honestly expected lots worse after reading these reviews. We had an awesome view of city hall from our room and enjoyed the nicely heated pool. The service in the restaurant was excellent. The front desk staff was friendly. The neighborhood is not the best in San Fran but SO convenient. Much better choice than staying nr the airport or something. They were great about keeping our bags during our last day and it was super convenient to stop back and pick them up before heading to the airport. This hotel is a natural choice if you're using public transport!	
Mar 12 2007 	Hotel is good neighborhood is not that scary.	We were with a group for a youth conference at AT&amp;T park, and our group leader booked the hotel directly. He tells me that there was some confusion on the part of the night staff when we arrived at about midnight--it took a very long time to check in. He also says the desk staff in the morning was the opposite--very sharp and helpful. People might think that $27 for parking is high, but it's very reasonable compared to the rest of the city. Location was very convenient for our purposes. Yes, there are homeless in the neighborhood, but none of them approached us, and we felt that our kids were quite safe, with proper precautions we would use in any city (daytime only, always with adult supervisors). Rooms were not fancy, but were very clean. Bedding was adequately comfortable, but not &quot;ahhhh.&quot; My bathroom had shower beginning to show signs of wear (cracking tiles), but tile and grout were perfectly clean. The 4th floor rooms open onto what I call a &quot;hanging courtyard&quot; running the length of the building, which is very nice for sitting with coffee in the morning. I was told that the upper floors (where others from our group stayed) had great views. The hotel is a good value for the price. There are several places to eat nearby on Market Street, including a &quot;mom and pop&quot; style diner, Burger King, and a coffee place. To sum up, if you want a good, functional, convenient hotel that's nicer than a motel, this is the place. If you want a nice, pampering experience, then you need to splurge somewhere else.	
Mar 2 2007 	Hotel okay neighborhood not so great	Stayed at this hotel for a week for business. Building is old, though I thought that the room condition was acceptable. Wireless internet service was free but intermittent and I had to keep calling the ISP, finally asking them to assign me a static IP address so that I wouldn't have to keep calling the front desk for new passwords (I had to get four passwords in the first three hours I was there, each password lasted only about an hour). I didn't have any problem with the hotel staff. Hotel provided free breakfast since I had Priority Club Gold status. Close to Market Street so it is easy to access public transportation, but the walk along Market Street between Eighth Street (where the hotel is) and Sixth Street is not so pleasant. It is lined with porn shops and theaters, or vacant store fronts, and various types of people congregating. I wasn't afraid walking those blocks myself, but I would think that many others, especially unaccompanied females, might not feel comfortable. There is a Walgreens at Market and Nineth, where I bought water and other things. Hotel charges for 800 calls, but they voluntarily took off those charges since I was calling the ISP to get the wireless problems fixed. This hotel will not be my preferred choice the next time I go to SF.	
Jan 14 2007 	Fair hotel so-so location	After reading all the reviews about this property, I decided to give it a shot, mainly because I had already seen the &quot;infamous&quot; location.Hotel itself is pretty much standard HolidayInn, a bit about average to be honest, but it's clean and the staff is really friendly and silling to help.About the location, well it's not the best in the world, but I never felt unsafe, even while it was dark! In San Francisco you get pretty used to see homeless and &quot;strange&quot; people wandering around all the places... If you can't stand them you shouldn't go to SFO at all!Going to the main Market section is just minutes away, as well as the Moscone center that can be reached in less than 20 minutes by walking.The Civic Center BART station is just around the corner, and so this is the best option to reach the airport.Breakfast included rates, just give you credit up to 20$, and if you choose the american buffet, it sill cost you more than 30$ for two persons, meaning you have ti pay up the difference! So my suggestion is to avoid the included breakfast rate and choose to start the morning at the near starbucks or at Mel's on Mission street	
Jan 8 2007 	Holiday Inn was OK .............but................	The Hotel room was similiar in to a Travel Inn in UK, basic, clean so would rate it as a 2 starplus hotel. We ate in room using room service, this was fast and friendly, food ok all staff were friendly and helpful. The elevators had a security system which is worked from your hotel keycard.Instead of using BellCaptain, or phone for a taxi, just outside there were usually a couple of taxis standing, Public tranpsort was just outside hotel as well, or tram take a right when leaving hotel. Airport shuttle services is approx about 50% less than taxis and can be booked/paid for in shop in hotel.I found that taxis drivers did not have a clue where we wanted to go, and seemed to find the wrong one way system that always added few dollars more to the trip bill by taking a few blocks more to get to your destination. Having been in SF for only a few days even I could master what were one way streets.Only problem appears to be withthe large numbers of down and outs, but this seems to be a problem all over San Francisco. As well as strange people &quot;weirdos&quot; talking to themselves, banging heads against lamposts, trees some very strange activity by residents of SF. Making the city feel unsafe for tourists, so much so, that my wife refused to venture out after darkness. My impression of SF was the overwhelming smell of urine in most locations, except for the touristy bits.If you want to do SF, you can do it in a day, bus tour trip round SF, 3 1/2 hours get dropped off at Alcatraz cruise, out to island a few hours, back and walk along to FishersmansWharf see the seals, stay overnight in a hotel and then get out the city.	
Dec 20 2006 	Good Hotel Poor Location	We did not stay here but did a sight inspection for work (I am a travel agent).Holiday Inn Civic Centre is another economy hotel located in downtown San Francisco in their &quot;Civic Cenre&quot;. I would recommend this to clients over the Renoir Hotel as the interior of the hotel was of a high standard; it was just the location which lets it down.Rooms are of a good size and family friendly with some rooms interconnecting. Child also eat free of charge when dining with an adult.	
Nov 18 2006 	Bed Bugs!	I encountered my first &quot;Bed Bug&quot; attack here. I wouldn't even have know what it was but it turned out &quot;USA Today&quot; did a huge Write up on these things that same week. The picture in the paper looked exactly like what I found on the sheets. I had severl bites on my skin.I left a comment on the Holiday Inn website, with no response. The hotel is dated, run down ,and not very clean. I reserved a King, ended up with Two Doubles. I am a &quot;Gold&quot; Priority Club Memeber and just expect a little more effort to honor the Reservation.	
Oct 30 2006 	decent hotel but bad area	stayed there for 3 nights with my husband and daughter. read reviews on it the night before we left and was dreading arriving. expected druggies in the lobby and outside and rude staff to top it off but thankfully this did not happen. staff were polite and helpful and room was clean, spacious and very acceptable.we would not return to this hotel in the future but not because there was anything wrong with it except its location. walking from the hotel to 5th street which is by union square was a very horrible experience even early in the morning. every person is either a druggie or whino and nearly all have mental health problems. the amount of homeless people is overwhelming. the pavements are scattered with their belongings, filth and them sleeping in the doorways. we had to plan our day so as not to be travelling back to the hotel when it was dark, even though it was as bad in the day you just felt even more vunerable when it was dark. if you can afford to stay in union square then do it. if you cant and you have to stay here then think about using the cabs to get you back safely at night (altough this is easier said than done finding one to stop )and in the daytime just be on your guard and walk through as quickly as possible avoiding any eye contact. it did spoil our holiday to a certain extent and in hindsight i would have used this site and picked our own hotel and not relied on a travel agent.	
Oct 16 2006 	Ghetto all the way! What a dump!	Located in a seedy, run-down area of San Fran, a good 4 block walk to a decent part of town. Upon check-in, homeless and shaking/twitching/strung-out people loitering in lobby provided a nice first impression. We even saw a man bend down and lick the white powder (probably NOT sugar) on the sidewalk just around the corner from this hotel. Noise all night long, sirens wailing, etc. The room was filthy, stains on carpet (leave shoes on!), broken lamps, dirty, wet garbage containers with no liners in room, chipped paint in bathroom, NASTY! Spend the extra bucks and stay somewhere safe!! Do NOT stay here!	
Oct 11 2006	Rude people	The room was okay but the people on the front desk and also in the restaurant were rude. They don't seem to like the idea of you staying there....also the parking place is very expensive.	
Oct 11 2006 	No bullhorns and a decent place to stay	Good thing I didn't see the bullhorn comments before I stayed. There were no loud people, no noise, and no angry employees. This is a decent place to stay. Clean, comfy, and the staff was very friendly. The breakfast was above average and the workout room had plenty of equipment. I didn't try the pool, but from my room it looked clean. I didn't see a hot tub. When I checked in I was given a smoking room by accident, it was corrected right away.	
Oct 2 2006 	Good Considering Location	If you need to stay near the Civic Center, this would be a good choice. My husband had a conference to attend at Bill Graham Auditorium. This hotel is just around the corner just off Market on 8th. Granted, the neighborhood is very rough with a lot of homeless people on the street. We never had a problem though. The staff was friendly, humorous and helpful . Room, booked through Priceline, was clean, comfortable, had a king bed and was very spacious. It also had an in-room safe. Parking on site was $25 plus tax with in and out privileges and no valet to contend with. You can catch the F line streetcar down Market Street. There is a huge new shopping center (Westfield San Francisco Centre) just down the line at 5th and Market which you could easily spend all day exploring. It has every store you could imagine as well as a Bloomingdales and Nordstrom. You can also ride the Muni for $1.50 to anywhere in the city. We went to North Beach for dinner with no problem as well as to Fisherman's Wharf.	
Sep 27 2006	Front Desk Extremely Impolite and Unhelpful	The deepest impression I have is that the front desk staff was extremely rude and unhelpful on all accounts. Upon check-in, the lady at the desk could not find the reservation &amp; asked me &quot;what makes you think you have a reservation at this Holiday Inn?&quot; I pointed out the address on the reservation voucher. Then she was like &quot;well I never heard of [insert web booking service],&quot; which is how i booked it. After an extensive period where she fetched the manager, turns out they had our reservation under the second guest's name. One of the cards to the room did not work, when we asked for that to be remedied the next day, the guy at the desk asked us if we had put it near a cell phone (which de-magnetizes it)--we hadn't done that. Moreover, spare me the accusationsif youd like to advise us on future conduct thats fine--we simply needed a new card! When we went to leave the parking structure, which we paid 25$/night to use, the automated system would not let us leave, causing a 15 minute delay where I had to run in and talk to the front deskearlier, I had specifically asked if the parking lot would permit our exit since we were leaving the lot a few hours after checkout. The guy at the front desk indicated yes through a series of gestures and other assorted non-verbal communication. Very rude, to say the least. At least the guy who remedied that issue was polite and prompt. Aside from the sort of normal drab decor, the room was otherwise uninspiring: the shower didn't spray, it just let out a single stream of H20 and the door to the room was very hard to open--it required a minor body slam to budge it. And the Ice machine right outside our room could barely eke out a cube! Granted, my friends, this hotel was the cheapest of the bunch (in pricey downtown san francisco) at 130$/night. But next time, I'd steer clear and so should you!	
Jun 27 2006	This Holiday Inn Needs a Holiday Makeover	This hotel is old 70's highrise from the get-go. As you sache through the department store revolving door into the low ceiling lobby (no tall headresses please!) and parade past the lobby lounge with shiny herculon fabric occupied by drop-ins from Moorpark Trailerland, and Ozfest leftovers, to the corrogated galvanized steel front desk. You ask yourself, &quot;why hasn't THIS place been torn down? The rooms are clean, but very small (good luck getting more than one person at a time in the bathroom area). And, don't expect the first room you are offered to be the one you will accept. There seems to be a tolerence and acceptance challenge here. Start the guest out with the worst room possible, and see if they complain their way up the ladder. I have experienced this a couple of times, as have fellow guests. Be sure to request an EVEN numbered room, as the odd numbered rooms face another building just about 10 feet away. And, the higher the floor the better, since the fourth floor has large connected &quot;party&quot; patios. Unless you really like to party and not sleep that is. Yes, I do stay here once a year. So, I have to throw out some pro's about the place. It's cheap. The location is across the street from Civic Center Plaza, which is great if you are staying for an event. And, the BART/MUNI entrance is 100 feet away. So, getting anywhere in SF is easy. Trust me, the location alone will ensure that you will want to go somewhere else, anywhere else in the city. SF is a beautiful city. This is not a beautiful location, or hotel. Don't loiter after dark. TIP: There is an underground parking garage across the street, that is much less expensive than the hotel parking garage.	
May 22 2006	For the second time visitor only	I was visiting SF for the second time. I therefore got the BART from the airport which stops right by the Hotel. The rooms are ok - could do with a lick of paint to brighten up - not dirty just dreary. Recognise Platinum Priority club status with good views of bay from top floor room and free breakfast. Internet connectivity provided free and good speed and connectivity. Can get the F line to the main attractions but does take a little time so would not reccomend for a first time visitor. Whilst other reviews say the homelessness is the same as other cities - it is particularly prevalent around the civic centre and i would not reccomend walkng anywhere in the area - take the excellent public transport. Because of jet lag back at the hotel before dark but would not want to be out alone after dark.	
Apr 15 2006	A good bargain	A pretty nice hotel. I purchased on priceline for $60.00 plus tax. The neighborhood is a bit dodgy but I think for the price the hotel is a good bargin.Property is clean and in good repair.	
Apr 1 2006 	Location Location Location	Folks this hotel is in the smack middle of everything. A taxi ride to pier 39 is $11bucks and if your lazy and want to take a cab to union square vs the trolly its like $4.50. Airport cab fare is $35.00..Homeless people are all over the city not just near this hotel. The rooms are very nice and the staff at front desk will get you anything you need at anytime of day. If your on business the wireless internet is fine..I would suggest that anyone looking to book a room here get a free privledge card number first at holiday inns website so that way your morning breakfests are free. If you dont then the buffet breakfeast costs $15. Overall this hotel did the trick and the price was great.	
Mar 30 2006 	Stay away from the Holiday Inn-Civic Center	If your next best alternative is to join the homeless and sleep on the street, this is a decent hotel. The basic service that a hotel should provide is a place to sleep. Good luck sleeping here. The beds are VERY hard (springs squeaking at every move), the walls are paperthin (neighbors were talking -not yelling- and kept me up), the street is very noisy (no double glass windows/sliding doors). Add to that a very noisy maid that kept dropping heavy items when cleaning adjacent rooms, and there is no chance to sleep, catch up on sleep, or otherwise rest. The room was large, the bathroom was clean, shower was in pretty good condition, staff was nice (incompetent but nice), but such amenities mean nothing to me if I cannot sleep. I do not agree with the previous reviewer about noisy big cities, and beggars in every corner. I live close to San Fran and visit often. You can find quiet rooms in nicer neighborhoods esp. with the choice of hotels. The Marriott only four blocks east (Market and 4th) was not noisy at all. The Cartwright and Fairmont further north were also quiet. Bear in mind that San Francisco south of Market St. is not very nice (dicey neighborhoods, etc.). So most hotels north of Market will offer a much better (and safer) option.	
Mar 15 2006 	Great location in downtown San Francisco!	This hotel is located in the downtown/civic center of San Francisco. This is in the heart of SF - you walk to government offices, the cable cars at Powell street, theaters, opera house, and great shops at Union Square. You can also walk to the Moscone Convention center and the financial district! Regarding the negative reviews about homeless in the area - geeeez this is downtown SF! You see homeless people all over the downtown area of ANY big city! If you dont want to see homeless people, dont go to San Francisco, New York, Los Angeles and other big cities of the US. Get real! The location is excellent and the hotel accomodations are good for business and tourists. Price is very reasonable and the location is excellent - you walk to everything! If you want a suite and are willing to pay $500 a night, go a few blocks down to Union Square where the big department stores are and where there are more homeless people.	
Mar 8 2006	Good Holiday Inn Great Price	If you're interested in Civic Center attractions, i.e. Asian Art Museum, Orpheum Theatre, this is the place to stay. We booked through an internet service and stayed for two nights for $120+tax. Parking was $25/night. Our sixth floor room was a good size and clean. The room appeared to have been recently remodeled/refurbished. The staff at the front desk and restaurant were friendly. The restaurant staff were especially efficient and helpful. The convenient location to bus/muni/BART was good and allowed for easy travel around SF. As a couple without children, this was a good place to stay. Be aware that there are homeless transients in the area so just be aware of your surroundings and you'll be fine.	
Mar 4 2006 	Cheap and convenient	The area does have homeless people, but downtown San Fran is full of them. This is not a hotel that I would recommend for honeymooners, families with kids, and couples. It's not really that nice, and the area it's in is also not so pretty to look at. However, if you are just looking for a place to stay in San Fran, this is a very reasonable and decent place to stay. As with most places around downtown, I would recommend taking cabs if you are going out at night. The Bart/Muni station is less than a block away. You can get food close-by, and there is a Walgreens on Market for other necessities. It worked really well for me. I got a deal for two nights for less than $150 including tax from a &quot;hot&quot; booking service. It was quiet enough for me on the 7th floor, but if you are worried about the noise, Walgreens has earplugs. Cheap and convenient-I'm not complaining. I just needed a decent place to stay.	
Mar 1 2006	good hotel in worst location	The hotel its own is not bad at all. The rooms are big enough and pretty clean. The staffs are nice and helpful, but please don't expect them to deal your request without letting you to wait. As a priority club member you can have the buffet breakfast for no charge. Although there is nothing in buffet to be specially recommended, you can at least fill up yourself and prepare to leave the hotel for whole day, as there is nothing interesting in the hotel and in the area.The underground is very near to the hotel, and union square is also in walking distance, but walking in that area is really uncomfortable. There are too many beggars and homeless people. On the way to union square I even smelt the disgusting stink from some of those people. Although they did not attacked me, I would suggest to keep distance from them. NEVER WALK THERE IN THE NIGHT.	
Feb 19 2006	Loud and noisy	The Holiday Inn Civic Centre did not meet up to the normal standards of the Holiday inn's. When we arrived we were on the 11th floor which is identical to all the rest of the rooms. We got into our room to discover that it was very small and basic. The rooms had 2 so called 'double beds' which were only a little bit bigger than a single bed and a pull out sofa bed which took up alot of space when open. The Bathroom was ok but the bottem of the shower was all dirty and the toilet smelt and was dirty. The Balcony looked onto the local roads and sub way which didnt look that nice. When driving into the area of the hotel we noticed that it looked very rough. It had alot of disused buildings and there was alot of people living on the streets. When we arrived at the hotel, shortly after we heard a gun shot then alot of police vehicles arrived outside the hotel. This made us feel very cautious when walking on the streets. San Francisco is a big city and you don't get alot of sleep. well it doesn't help when your jet lagged and the beds are uncomftable but still it was very noisey outside the hotel and also there was a party going on in the room next door. I wouldn't reccomend this hotel at all and I think that Holiday Inn should be Ashamed.	
Feb 1 2006	Never Again	What a disappointment. We were after coming from a lovely Hotel in Vegas.Nearly died when I saw where we were staying. We were hungry but shop and bar were closed early. We decided to go down town. We went around one corner and decided to come straight back. Alot of homeless!I was actually frightened.The following day there was aman injecting himself outside the hotel. Even though I heard San Francisco was lovely before we went the hotels location shows you another side!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 19 2006 	Not a good place for business	I stayed here only because I couldn't get into my more usual SF hotels because of the Apple show being on - most places were full up!This place is at the wrong end of the city center for business, meaning either a long walk, muni ride or taxi to get to meetings. The hotel itself is not well set up for business travelers. There is wireless broadband connection, which is OK though clunky to use, but the rooms are laughably organised - the only table for a laptop has no power outlet nearby and there is only a phone next to the bed.The whole place seems to live in the past - the bathroom especially showed its age - and the list of apologies for things not working on the front desk was a real sight to behold - no swimming pool, no breakfast buffet.... Service in the restaurant at breakfast is slow and erratic.Not a place I'll be keen to stay in again.	
Dec 30 2005 	Convenient	Hotel is located 1/2 block from Civic Center BART station. For $72 per night, I got a plain but decent sized room with a California king-sized bed. As a Priority Club member, I also got a full American breakfast free. The bad: sliding glass door in room lacked weather stripping, and so much air leaked into the room that the curtains billowed. Also, the restaurant tried to charge my room for the free breakfast. When I complained, the courteous front desk immediately removed the charge from my bill. So make sure to double-check your bill.No problems with homeless and no strikers shouting through bullhorns in the morning, which according to other reviewers was a problem earlier this year.	
Dec 8 2005 	Not great but OK	I have spent 6 nights in this hotel in early January. My impression is that:1. The area is not as bad as many of the previous reviews imply. There are wuite a few homeless, most of whom seem to have some mental illness, but they are not threatening or problematic, even at night;2. The hotel itself is perhaps showing its age, but the rooms are OK;3. Good service to Platinum Priviledge Club members (free buffet breakfast, upgrade to club room)4. Free wireless broadband is a real bonus5. Only problem is hot water - very patchy, and at times I ended up with a luke warm shower. Not good.Overall for the price it is good for business. For a pleasure stay (e.g. a weekend) I would look for more.	
Nov 12 2005	Great benefits for Priority Club members	While I agree that the quality of the rooms was a little below Holiday Inn standards, this hotel is OVERALL GREAT VALUE especially for Priority Club members. Free buffet breakfast !!!	
Oct 14 2005	Woken by Noisy Picketers at 6AM every MORNING!	There were people screaming loudly with bullhorns every morning we were there for hours on end. Apparently this had been going on for over a year before we got there but management never said ANYTHING about it. If their employees are outside their hotel annoying guests, management owes it to the customers to say something!	
Sep 11 2005	Quiet Clean	First of all,the negative reviews on here are not justified in my opinion. Maybe I went at a decent time or something. This place was very quiet and clean and very friendly staff. There were homeless people ouside but few and far between. I saw like 5 or 6 homeless in this area and that was over 3 days time. Some people on here left such bad reviews I was scared to death to go,after seeing it for myself,I dont see what those peoples problem was. Maybe they are from small town USA and havent seen homeless before. As for the area itself,it is dirty and very much big city,but everywhere in san francisco looked like that. Fishermans wharf area,also has homeless people and is filthy,so I dont see the area of this hotel being any scarier than the tourist area. I really wish I had not read the negative reviews before hand,it made me really scared. I urge people to make a decision for themselves ,if your a scaredy cat that cant handle a guy with a cup then you better not go to san francisco at all.	
Aug 19 2005	Real decent hotel for the price- but in the middle of nowhere	I live in SF and stayed here in 2003 when we had a heat wave. Since residences don't typically have AC here in SF we sought refuge at this hotel, knowing it was cheap ($99) and had AC. Well, I was really suprised what a value this is. The area outside is a bit schetchy but it is very decent inside and the pool is actually pretty decent (most of the time in SF it would be too cold to use). The rooms have balconies too which was kind of fun.The problem is you are in no mans land. You have a really long 5 big city block walk to the shopping areas and you have to walk through homeless central and all the strip joints. That's really a shame. But if you don't mind that it's a good deal. I would certainly not bring children, dainty women, or old people here. They would not be able to deal with that walk. You are only a block from Starbucks though so at least you can fortify yourself before beginning your morning hike through the homeless encampments.	
Aug 1 2005	Not upto the usual Holiday Inn standard	We have travelled across USA building up the priority points and decided when we reached San Francisco to stay in a Holiday Inn. Well not what we have come to expect. For a start the reception staff are at best rude, thats when they bother to even acknowledge you are waiting. The room was good but noisy, I accept that if you stay in a city center you expect noise but this was on the thirteenth floor and was still more noisy than even New York. The restaurant was very poor again bad service and food quality was not great, we even had off milk at breakfast which I would think is one of the basics. The area was not great, although you do have good access to public transport, you have to walk past all the beggers to get to them. Although this appears to be a problem with the whole of San Francisco. If we stay in San Fran again I would stay on the Harbour side of San Fran near the piers a much better bet even if a little more money, its worth it.	
Jun 29 2005	Great value for money hotel in the worst location	We stayed at this hotel a couple of years ago on our first visit to San Francisco. I remember pulling up outside the hotel and immediately locking the doors while my mum and I waited in the car. We decided to 'dress down' when we first went out so we didn't look like tourists. We headed to a nearby burger place as we were really hungry and I remember there being a security guard on the door and the man in front of us in the queue was paying for his burger from his days takings in a styrofoam cup. As we ate our meal a drugged up/mental guy was shouting at people at random. We then went to walk up to the nearest cable car stop. I was physically shaking because I was so scared. Everyone seemed to be high on drugs and homeless (however, the day we arrived it was a really hot day so maybe its not normally like this) We were so concerned we stopped a police officer further down the road to ask if this area was safe to walk around. He simply laughed and said 'as long as you don't venture up there at night' pointing towards our hotel!!! Maybe he was joking!!We had a city tour booked for the following day and as confirmation (as if we needed it!) the guide as we drove through the civic centre area said 'ok, this is an area you don't wanna be!!&quot; We were grateful to be leaving the following day.It was such a shame really because the hotel itself and the staff were really quite nice its just the location that lets it down. For this reason I really would not recommend this hotel to anyone for that reason only. Its also because of the location of where we stayed that we now have a low opinion of San Francisco and its our least favourite American city that we would never return to. I'm sure if we'd have stayed elsewhere we'd probably have a different view.	
Jun 27 2005	good hotel in a bad location	The hotel is great and the staff was very helpful. But the location is not very good because of many homeless people at the street.	
Jun 16 2005	good price that includes parking	Great price. We paid 99.00 and that included parking. the located is not the greatest area of San Francisco and the lobby seemed to be filled with drag queens (not that there is anything wrong with that). I was surprised at how clean the room was and hallways of the hotel. If you are looking for a cheap hotel that includes parking, this would be the place to stay.	
May 7 2005	Good value for money location so-so	I booked this hotel via a discount book. The good thing was that I was able to advance book a room with a special rate of $85. This also included $23 for parking, which is definatly a great deal!! Anyone who stayed in SF knows, that parking can be quite an additional pain for the $$$! - The rooms were clean and really ok. The housekeeping staff was great. The staff at the hotel restaurant were so-so, did not earned much tip. The only downside about the Holiday Inn Civic is the location. 8th street is not really a good wannabe side when it turns dark, even walking from the hotel at 10:00 AM to Powell (cable car) was kind of scary. - Keeping this in mind, this hotel is definatly worth a stay in SF.	
Mar 30 2005	Good price friendly staff neighbourhood not that bad	I stayed here from Mar 22-27, 2005. For the price, I was impressed. The staff at the desk and the restaurant were very friendly and housekeeping was great. There is a laundry room in the hotel which is great if you are away for any extended period. I think the hotel is getting a bad wrap in terms of the neighbourhood. Yeah, there's some homeless people outside but I've encountered much worse in other major US cities. No one bothered me. The hotel is central and reasonbly close to everything. We walked everywhere, including the piers &amp; Fisherman's Wharf. If you want to save yourself a few bucks, I highly recommend this hotel!	
Mar 8 2005	Great value good location	This hotel is a great value and a good location. Compared to the other hotels in the same part of town, for the money, you can't do better than this one. If you use discount sites to find a hotel, you can find a good deal for this one. You can get it for a good deal off the advertised price.The garage cost is also very reasonable for the area.I recommend this place on price alone. It is listed in many sites as a 4-star hotel, but it does not compare favorably to hotels of that class. It is old and outdated. The carpets look old and worn. There is no internet. There is a business center, but the cost is $0.50 per minute (that's an outrageous $30.00 per hour!).If you're familiar with San Francisco, this hotel is a block off Market, but not quite in the Shopping district. It is conveniently one block from Muni/BART. However, if you want to walk to the shopping areas or Street car on lower Market, you'll pass through a few run down city blocks. If you travel north to Upper Market shops near the Castro area, you'll walk by the lower Tenderloin area, which is also a little rough.	
Feb 15 2005	never again	Okay, so it isn't a flophouse. There were no bugs, no smells, no scary stains. But I'll eat glass before I stay at another Holiday Inn. There's the location of the hotel, which isn't as dodgy as most of San Francisco's hotels, which are often next door to flophouses even if they're charging top dollar, but is still pretty marginal. But the real problem was that my room was connected to the adjacent room by a thin door that provided no barrier to noise. The people next door were holding a major frat party all night long. And the hotel staff did not shut them down. The wall was so thin that the partiers, despite the din they were creating, could clearly hear my phone call to the front desk, and then they could clear hear the security person in the hallway who had come to check on them. They quieted down just until they heard the security person go, and then they resumed their party instantly and at full volume for the rest of the night. When I called the desk again, the hotel staff told me that they had heard no party and that was that. So I didn't sleep that night, even with earplugs.	
Nov 9 2004	good priced hotel - location dodgy	we chose this hotel in San Fransisco as it was a reasonable price. The rooms were clean and well furnished, the facilities were good and the staff were o.k. We had a shock on our first day, as we went to look for somewhere to have dinner and couldn't find any nearby restaurants all we found were hundreds of homeless people begging and sleeping in the street, as we were travelling with our three year old child, we were very concerned. Later though we found our way on the bart/muni system to the tourist area of San Fran. So you have to travel by train to and from the hotel (but not too much of a problem) By the end of the holiday (ashamedly) we got used to stepping over the homeless people and we never found them threatening. Beware of ordering room service - the prices on the menu are misleading, our daughter wanted breakfast and as mentioned before hotel a way from eateries etc.We paid around 20.00 for childs breafast cereal and a cup of tea and a cofee!	
Sep 27 2004	Enjoyed staying at this hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of our stay in SF.Because it had been booked through Air Miles, Id not done any research on it. V easy to get to on BART from the airport. Reception staff upgraded us to the top floor, so room was very spacious and comfy with HUGE bed and I found it extremely quiet so got over the jet lag perfectly. My other half thought the swimming pool was great too - not a common hotel feature in SF.The location is not the best - homeless people can be a bit scary if youve never encountered them in droves before, but they rarely bother you. However, there are great transport links, and fully recommend Buzz9 opposite on 8th street as somewhere to eat and has a lounge downstairs.We stayed at Union Square, Nob Hill and Las Vegas during this trip and this was the hotel I enjoyed the most because it was the biggest and the quietest	
Sep 25 2004	Not bad!	We spent 3 nights at the Holiday Inn in mid September. I'd read a lot of reviews about it being in a bad area and there being lots of homeless so we were quite apprehensive. The hotel itself is fine. The rooms aren't amazing but are a good size and are clean. There are a lot of homeless around but its the same all over the city and they generally don't bother you. The location is quite good in that you can get the BART or MUNI one stop over to Powell &amp; Market St where the cable cars start their run right thru to Fisherman's wharf. Thats what we did when going out for meals in the evenings. Market St is great for shopping too.	
Sep 25 2004	Worst hotel we experienced this summer	Of our long stay in the US, the Civic Center hotel San Francisco has been, by far, the worst hotel we experienced :- I stayed for 10 minutes on the phone with reception for a complaint and nobody ever answered- When I asked reception how to go in town without experiencing the many homeless of the main walk, I got the answer that there was no solution whatsoever- I don't know why but nobody of the staff is EVER smiling in the hotel- There is no &quot;in room&quot; description of the hotel so I discovered the existing of a fitness room only the last day of my stay - I left the breakfast with an apple visibly in my hand. I had to pay one dollar for the apple !I do not recommend anybody to stay in this hotel.	
Sep 8 2004	Good value for money	We stayed at this hotel for five nights from 25th July - two adults and three children in a room without feeling two squashed. We come from the UK and the maximum room size there is to sleep 3 so we always have to book two rooms when we holiday in the UK. This makes the US incredible value for money. The Holiday Inn, Civic Centre was very reasonably priced and was brilliantly located for transport. We took the BART in from the airport and the station is literally 5 mins from the hotel. Also it is well connected for the overground and underground trams and buses. As other reviewers have noted there are a lot of vagrants on the road by the hotel running up to Powell street. Sadly we have encountered vagrants in other US cities and given the lack of state support for the homeless and those with mental health difficulties this problem is only going to get worse. However, even at night I never felt threatened even with the kids in tow. It just was not very nice. Great value for money, great for transport, perfect for the budget conscious but not for those who want to be in the centre of the touristy bit (down by the seafront) or those wanting something up market	
Jul 29 2004	Average Hotel	We stayed at the Holiday Inn on 7-26 &amp; 7-28.. The rooms were average, service was good, the restaurant had excellent food. The location was excellent as Union Square is nearby, so is the Bart subway. The only drawback was the incredible amount of transientsand homeless people all over the area. We did not venture off at night, we did not feel it was safe.	
Jul 22 2004	average	to get to hotel catch Bart from airport,get off at civic centre and walk 70 yards to hotel. i couldn't find that info before i went there as they did not answer e mail as previous reviewer!check in was very slow as every person in the queue ahead of us appeared to have some sort of problem, there were only 2 computers available for checking in and they could surely do with more as check in time is 3pm and everybody arrives at the same time! hotel room spacious and clean with &quot;interesting&quot;? view of neighbouring hotel and 8th and Market.many homeless in area which made walking to union cable car quite intimidating but none of these unfortunate people asked more than once before leaving you alone,the city obviously has a serious problem with homeless people estimated at about 12,000 with many suffering mental health problems.would recommend hotel to friends despite above . self check out which is a great assistance	
Jul 19 2004	Nice place - I'd return	Service was very friendly, though with sometimes long lines; breakfast buffet was VERY nice; the room was clean, basic; neighborhood not the greatest, with few dining opportunities; generally a great hotel for the price--I would return.	
Jul 6 2004	Not the best room you can get	Although we're priorityclub members and booked nearly 2 months in advance we didn't get a room in the bets part of the hotel which is the top 2 floors. Instead a room on the 7th. So you have a view of the wall of the building next door.The room wasn't renovated yet and it shows particularly in the bathroom. There was some black mold on the ceiling and the paint on the door started to crumble off. Other than that it was clean.The breakfast buffet was excellent. We've stayed here in the past and you get a discount coupon for your breakfast. The amount has been lowered substantually: in 2003 it was $12 p.p. this year it was $6.20 p.p., which means you have to pay about $13 a day extra (for 2). I thought breakfast was always included in Holiday Inns.The staff are very friendly however it takes them ages to resond to e-mails. And even when I got a response they forgot to answer half of the questions so I'd have to e-mail them again and wait for another week to get an answer. On my last e-mail I didn't get an answer at all.It's a great location if you want to explore San Francisco. The F-train and BART stop close by. There are a lot of homeless and beggars around but you can find them throughout the city and even in front of the Hilton.	
Apr 15 2004	Poor location..	This hotel is located in a run down part of the city. The hotel room smelt of ammonia, the toilet would not flush and we could not sleep due to the traffic/street noise. The breakfast was poor and over priced at $12.50. We would not stay there again.	
Apr 7 2004	Loved the staff and excellent service	I love the hotel. The General Manager was extremely nice, so were all the hotel staff members. I had complementery breakfasts every morning (priority club), and complementery fruit baskets every week for staying there. The gym is pretty good, however, the equipment tended to break down, though the management would fix it quickly. The location isn't the best, but the Orpheum theatre is close by, so people walk around all the time. The hotel is also really close to the BART Civic Center station, which is very convenient for anyone who would like to travel via BART.I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting SF.	
Apr 3 2004	Oasis in the city of old		
Mar 24 2004	Impressed with it all		
Mar 15 2004	Great for the price		
Mar 2 2004	Valued for money		
Nov 11 2003	Very good value		
Nov 3 2003	SF image is being tarnished		
Jul 28 2003	I would stay here again		
Jun 30 2003	Great for Groups		
Aug 1 2002	A good value		
Jul 15 2002	Holiday Inn Civic Centre in SF		
Nov 16 2009 	?????????????????????		
Oct 9 2009 	???????????		
Sep 10 2009 	?????????????		
May 29 2009 	peur le soir !!!!		
Feb 10 2009 	????????		
Jan 22 2009 	pratique et correct		
Aug 19 2008 	Hotel agrable au milieu des SDF		
Aug 13 2008 	hotel scarso e senza professionalit		
Oct 16 2007 	Nicht nochmal.		
Oct 12 2007 	Fantastico soggiorno!!!		
