Nov 14 2009 	Great Location But Hotel is Very Basic	Our room faced onto a major road in the Marina District and was quite noisey. The furniture was quite basic and somewhat worn. If you got there early enough you get free underneath parking. I think we paid about $130 because it was located in a desireable area. Not too bad of a choice all-in-all, but i'd try to find a better place next time.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great price and location.	Free parking! Only a couple of blocks walk from Fisherman's Wharf and Ghirardelli Square. There are several cheap breakfast places right around the hotel, as well as a little grocery. The hotel was quiet and priced well.	
May 12 2009 	would stay again	The room was large and very clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful. There is no breakfast but within walking distance of some restaurants, A very nice service is free underground parking. We got to the hotel, parked the car and rode the trolley and bus to all the sites we wanted to see. The rooms at the back of the hotel (not facing the street) are very quiet.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good location but bad service!	This hotel has got only one advantage: its prime location. The hotel is easy to find and it is situated in a very convenient spot on Lombard Street. Yet, the hotel has no other good quality. The rooms at the front side facing the street have a balcony but you are not allowed to smoke in any of them. I was dissapointed to hear that I had to pay and sign a $75 contract that would ensure I did not smoke in the room or harm anything. Paying the $75 fee and also $93 for the single room for a one night stay seemed useless to me. The receptionist who spoke with an unclear english accent, insisted that they would accept no other payment than credit card. The rooms were relatively small and the windows were kept open all day to ensure that the room was free of odor. The room was indeed odorless but was very cold to sleep in! There was a heater, but eventhough it was kept on all night, it did not warm the entire room. I believe I would have been warmer and comfier if I had slept in my own car! The hotel was not quiet as it seemed and because it is situated on a busy street you would have to hear the traffic and car noises in your sleep. The parking lot underneath the hotel is very small and narrow. I hardly parked my car without difficulty. It looked like a garage but it had no garage door! They suggested not to leave any valuable items in the car because it was open all night and they had no security guards to watch the cars. There is no difference between parking your car there or on the street. The hotel offers no breakfast and there is no near restaurant to buy your breakfast early in the morning. I was not content with the hotel staff either, they were not friendly nor welcoming. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel to a friend.	
Dec 11 2008 	Good Location and good no frills hotel	Visit 9th &amp; 10th November 2008 and again 14th &amp; 15th.This is a good clean hotel that is convenient to the Water and the City.Across the street you can get an excellent breakfast. It is on route 101 so is easy to find and there is free car parking.If you like walking you can walk to the beach and harbor in 10 minutes, about 20 minutes to the Italian area (avoid direct confrontation with the hills) and you can hop on a bus (drivers very helpful) to anywhere in the city.	
Dec 2 2008 	Loved it - Great Location!	This hotel is a great little gem of a place. Very safe area, walk within one block to the bus stop which takes you a few more blocks to the Fisherman's Wharf area. Rooms were very clean, and done so daily. Front desk staff very friendly and helpful, with information, and maps. I would recommend staying here for sure as the price is great, area safe and the hotel is better than some of the more expensive ones in the area!	
Oct 9 2008	What a Find! Stay Here!	What a GREAT Find!CHEAPER Than Everything We Looked at...AND INCLUDES PARKING! (none of the other hotels we looked at did, most of them charge 30.00 a day for parking)VERY VERY CLEAN!NICE SPACIOUS ROOM!WONDERFUL STAFF!I recommend people to this hotel anytime someone I know is going to San Fran!	
Oct 7 2008 	Great Place	With reviews we read here and other places, we picked this place. It was everything you said it was. It's true. It didn't take long to get anywhere. I love the styles of the buildings so it was eye-candy the whole way. True too, you can get to the roof. It's not locked. (Shhh, I don't want them to lock it.). The VERY comfortable pillows and Serta mattress really came in handy after all of the walking we did. I only saw a few guests ever. The sign showed NO vacancy and it was really quiet. Parking in the basement, easy open access to the street. The price is very affordable for San Francisco. We would definately stay there again. I have included photos. One is from our private balcony. One from the room. Oh, and the balcony for the pic of the sign. Yes, it was right off our balcony!	
Sep 23 2008 	Good Location...Nice Hotel!	This hotel has parking provided and is walking distance to most attractions including the Crooked Street. It is about a 15 minute walk to Fisherman's Warf but it isn't too bad. Good neighborhood and overall we would do it again.	
Sep 20 2008 	Good location nice room	Conveniently located motel within walking distance of Wharf and cable car. Clean room and recently refurbished bathroom. Having read reviews we booked room at the back. There was not much of a view but there was little street noise. Very good value.	
Aug 20 2008	First time in San Fran	This was going to be my first time in San Fran and my wife's second. Our friend recommended getting a hotel/motel off of Lombard as there were good, &quot;cheap&quot; motels in that part of the city and it's a nice part of the city. I almost went with a hotel near Union Square- glad I didn't as other than the extravagant shopping, there wasn't much else there. LMI had a good clean rooms, surprisingly comfortable beds, and excellent service. They even let us keep our luggage there after checking out so that we could have one last romp around the city without having to drag our luggage everywhere. It may have been a small action on their part but it meant a world of convenience to us. It's a great location- just a couple of blocks from buslines that will take you to any part of the city, a nice walk to the Crookedest Street area and not too far of a walk to Fillmore/Union where there were decent shops and restaurants. The staff were helpful in showing where to go and how to get there, definitely utilize the Muni as it was the easiest/cheapest way to get where you wanted to go. Of course the only complaint was the street noise, but you're in a big city so it's expected. With some good earplugs you're set. Also, after a couple of nights, we didn't really notice the noise as all of the hustle and bustle during the day put us in a deep sleep at night. Between the price, location, service and room quality, it made us feel as though we got a great deal for being in San Fran.	
Jul 18 2008 	Good Budget Hotel	I did my research and stayed two nights with my two kids. The location is good, had no problems parking my mini van in the garage, room was clean, staff was nice. On the downside we did have a room that faced the street. Wow was it noisy and we were there during the week - I'm sure it's even worse on the weekend. Didn't keep me awake, but it takes getting used to. If they want 5 stars they'll need to invest in double-pane glass doors.	
Jul 5 2008	Great Place for the Price/Location	Two other friends and I spent two nights there. Having heard that the streetside rooms were noisy, we booked rooms on the other side. Our rooms were all very nice, very quiet, very clean, with comfortable beds. The bathrooms looked as if they had been recently updated, marble tile floors and tub surround. Nice little coffee makers with Wulfgang Puck coffee and glass coffee mugs. Nice touch! William, the night manager, was extremely helpful. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 4 2008 	I Love this place!	The Lombard Motor Inn is such a nice place! The staff is friendly, the rooms are very nice and very clean, the parking is easy and free, which is a plus for the area, and the location is great, with walking distances to the wharf, to the crooked part of Lombard St, and even to the Union Square if you don't mind walking - and it is highly recommendable since SanFran is a city to enjoy by the details. What else can I say? I've stayed there twice, in 2008 and 2007 and will definetely go back. Great SanFran experience for a perfectly reasonable price.	
May 16 2008 	Good place to stay near the wharf area	Good place to stay. Paid about US$236 for 1 weekday and 1 weekend night. I guess that's probably about the price in San Francisco, near the wharf area. This inn is within walking distance to the wharf area. We also walked to Union Square, Chinatown. Buses were nearby the inn. Free covered parking. Free wifi. The hotel was secured. You had to use a key to go into the reception and lift area. The room was spacious and clean. Towels were clean and no roaches running around. Came with air con and heater.	
Jan 10 2008 	Great Value 	Stayed at the Lombard Motor Inn Jan 5 then again Jan 8. Great Location - we were able to walk easily back and forth to Fishermans W. Rooms 'with a view' do have a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge but are quite noisy with the Lombard St traffic. The rooms on the backside are much quieter. Parking was included and most hotels in San Fran charge extra for this. Room was clean with a comfy pillow top mattress bed, coffee maker,hair dryer, iron. I would definately stay here again.	
Jul 27 2007 	Great location great value no terrible surprises	We booked our room well in advance by calling the property directly. We chose this inn for its free parking and proximity to the Golden Gate Bridge because we had a wedding to attend in Marin County but still wanted to stay in SF for most of our trip. We were not disappointed. The front desk clerk was exceedingly well-mannered and helpful when we checked in. We requested and received a room in the back because I had read on TripAdvisor that it could be noisy on the Lombard Street side. Our room was clean and a good size. There was ample storage space in the closet and dresser. The sink/mirror were outside of the bathroom. The shower was the only thing I really didn't like -- the water pressure was weak and the shower head was about a foot shorter than me! I literally had to do a back-bend to get the shampoo out of my hair. It's a good thing I do yoga. The housekeepers were really nice and kept the room fresh every day during our 5-night stay. We were able to park our car every time we came into the garages. It's a little hard to maneuver in the garages, though, and almost impossible to safely emerge onto the side street from the lower-level garage. (People in SF are not polite drivers, so be careful.) We found the location to be great for taking the city buses and walking to local restaurants and shops. If we returned to SF in the near future, we would definitely consider staying here again.	
Jul 25 2007 	Good value	Stayed here on an overnight in SF recently (7/15-7/16) . $96 for a double for 2 people including the on site self parking is hard to beat. Pretty convenient if you want to drive or leave the car and bus around town. Older venue motel but it was CLEAN and front desk staff was pretty nice. No real complaints. Would go back again without even having to think about it twice.	
Jul 22 2007 	great value	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Lombard Inn. It is a great value for the price. Parking is free, the location is great. You can walk to Fisherman's Wharf and the Embarcadero easily. The crooked Lombard street is three blocks away.The Inn is by no means glamorous, but it is clean, quiet(the walls are so thick, we never heard any of our neighbors talk, watch tv, flush the toilet,,etc. Lombard is a noisy thoroughfare, but we enjoyed seeing and hearing the city life. We came to SF to be out and explore, not stay at the hotel. If you are looking for a convienent, clean, quiet place, this is it. If you are looking for spa service, room service go somewhere else.	
Jul 5 2007 	One word-disgusting.	Thought this was going to be a great value for SF, but i was wrong. It would have been worth it to pay a little extra for anything else! The hotel facade was old and needed major updates, but that didn't both me too much. The rooms were terribly small, the TV was broken, the green carpet had stains on it, the blanket had mysterious stains on it, and the bathroom was atrocious. Hair on the floor, nasty sink, I didn't want to step foot in it, but had to. The staff was rude, their &quot;complimentary breakfast&quot; consisted of powered tang and powered milk. The heater didn't work, and I fought with the front desk clerk to get another (clean) blanket, and the manager finally stepped in and personally gave one to me. I can't beleive how horrible this place was!!	
Jun 1 2007 	Great location for price	This was a very good location for the price. It was within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf if you don't have any problem walking about 3/4 of a mile. We took a bus to the GG Bridge which picked us up only a couple blocks away ($1.50 each way). There was free parkingin the garage under the hotel but there were only ten or so spaces. Luckily we arrived early enough to secure one. There was other free parking the hotel provided but I'm not sure where it was. There is not breakfast with this hotel. The room was very clean which is a major consideration with us. The hotel was quiet but there was some construction on the block behind us which started about 8:30 in the morning.	
May 28 2007 	Fine Motel for the Price	We stayed at the Lombord Motor Inn from May 17-22nd. This was an average hotel. It was a cheap/affordable hotel that was in a good location. It is 2 blocks down from the &quot;crookedest street in the world.&quot; It is four or five blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. We found it much cheaper to walk everywhere as opposed to taking a taxi or bus. We did use the bus system to go to a Giants game and the bus stop is only one block from the hotel. By the way, the hotel does offer shuttle service to and from the airport. Use it! It was $14.00 per person there and back. We did not know that going to the hotel, so we got a taxi. It cost us almost $40.00! If you are looking for a fancy hotel with all of the thrills this is not the hotel for you. If you are just looking for a clean place to stay not far from the Wharf this is a good place. There is not a resturant at the hotel, but there is some cafes across the street, and tons of places to eat on the Wharf. Also we were told to request a room in the back of the hotel because Lombard Street can be noisy. We did not request it, but it was given to us when we checked in, and we didn't hear a thing at night. The shower was just okay..nothing too impressive. For the money and the location it was a fine place to stay.	
Oct 1 2006 	Great place to stay for the budget conscious with a car	No frills but still very nice. The staff were extremely helpful. I returned to the motel late one night, and they even helped me park my car in the garage when all the spaces were taken. We requested a room on the third floor facing Lombard. We had a balcony that overlooked Lombard and had a great view of the Golden Gate. Very easy access to N and S 101, Fisherman's Wharf, and the MUNI bus that traverses down Van Ness. Price is nice as well. Since our room faced Lombard, which is an extremely busy street, we didn't hear our neighbors at all. Great place if you're just looking for a place to sleep. Comfortable beds, large room, free wifi and free parking! Can't beat that in San Fran. Will definitely return.	
Sep 22 2006 	Good value	A no frills place.Very clean and it felt safe.On the last block towards Van ness which makes it very close to Fishermens Wharf and all touristy stuff.Good parking thats FREE!We requested a room towards the back and got one. More quiet then our B&amp;B in Sonoma.Nice staff!	
Sep 17 2006 	Lombard lacks luster	Picked this hotel on the basis of other reviews here. I knew going in this was a no frills or thrills kind of place, but none the less when you request a certain room type 3 months in advance you would think it might be honored. Yes the room was clean. I wouldn't neccesarily describe it as spacious. The maids were pleasant. Had to request extra pillows and towels but they were promptly obtained. Sorry to say but thier soap smelled very nasty and cheap. Underground parking was adequate. Had a room on the back side which worked out since it was quiet. Rooms did seem to have decent sound proofing. Never heard anyone elses water or voices in the rooms next to us. Only limited sound from the floor above. This place was in a good residential location in the Marina district and close to the Golden gate bridge. Easy walking to Chrissy Field, Chesnut, Union, Polk Streets. Walkable also to Wharf but we used Public transportation. Able to catch Hyde/Powell cable car several blocks away. Very steep climb up but not that tough. Bus transport from Chestnut St. or Van Ness. Would more than likely not stay again because not special enough to be memorable but loved the neighborhood. Lots of other picks of the same caliber on the same street.	
Sep 9 2006 	Very Nice no frills hotel	This was a very nice place. The rooms were large and nicely furnished. There was plenty of closet and drawer space. Our room faced the side street and was quiet. The only caveat is there are no window guards so houldn't leave the window open if you have young children with you. There is a/c though.All in all this was an excellent no frills hotel at a very good price.	
Jul 20 2006 	Will Return	STAFF: One was very helpful and courteous. The other was a little crusty, but otherwise OK.ROOM: Very large (15' x 20' ?), very clean! Appears recently refurbished.INTERNET: wireless.LOCATION: Within walking distance to the Wharf. Good restaurants within easy walking distance on the same street.PARKING: Below the building and absolutely free. (Note: the Holiday Inn on the same block charges its own patrons $25 per night to park.)	
Jul 5 2006	It was OK	My boyfriend and I traveled to San Francisco for a mini-get away. Our reservations were OK, no problems with any of my requests. Check in was very fast. The parking was free but there are not many spaces. We couldn't find parking twice but the front desk gave us the okay to park in a restricted area. I wasn't aware that there is a charge if you request a refrigerator. It would be nice if they had microwaves. The irons are not in the room you have to go to the front desk to pick one up if you need it that day. The iron was old and the board was for table tops and didn't help very much. After a lot of researching online, I picked Lombard Motor Inn because it was in my budget. The online total was $341 but at check out I ended up paying $375. Not a big difference but for that price I could of gone somewhere were they offered a microwave and free continental breakfast. You are on a busy street so don't expect the room to be quiet. We heard a lot of street busses and cars but we did not hear our neighbors. That probably means that the walls and thick enough! This hotel was problem free but it just didn't suit me or my lifestyle. I would pick something a little more modern next time.PS - I don't know if this was allowed but this hotel has access to the roof were we enjoyed the views of the city! :-)	
May 30 2006 	Price Location Parking Cleanliness	This is by far the best combination of affordability and cleanliness in the Marina/Fisherman's Wharf area. Rooms are spacious and clean. The staff is welcoming and knowledgeable. The best part is free in and out parking, which is very hard to find in SF. Most hotels charge about $20 a day or more for parking. This place is well recommended and within walking distance of a lot of the typical attractions. Its also convenient to public transportation to downtown.	
Apr 12 2006	Good Hotel	For the price, this was a decent hotel. Rooms were comfortable and clean. Hotel has parking. Staff pretty easygoing. No common space to hang out in beyond your room, but it didn't matter much for our group.	
Dec 13 2005	Good Hotel	I've stayed at this hotel every year for many years. They have good sized rooms, comfortable beds,hair dryer,lanai(hawaiian for balcony), coffee machine, Tv with about 80 channels. I've always found it very accomodating. It's a few blocks away from Fort Mason a nice place to take a run or bring children to play at. I've never had any problems with this hotel and the price has always been reasonable.Right now I believe rates are 79$ till Jan 31, 2006.For more information check out:[--------------------]	
Oct 13 2005	Great place	We stayed here for 3 nights. the rooms were a good size and very clean. The front desk staff were great allowing us to check in at 11am which was needed after a 14 hour flight from Australia. It was a $40 taxi fare from San Francisco Airport. It is a 15 minute walk with no real big hills to walk up to Fishermans Wharf. It is very easy to catch buses from just around the corner to other parts of the city.The air conditioner was noisey but we did not need it. We didnt find any good eating places around the inn. Overall a good place to stay.	
Sep 24 2005	Good hotel-always satisfactory	Convenient location and clean rooms. I have stayed at this hotel a few times over the years going back to the 80's and have always had a pleasant stay. Good value and parking on site.	
Aug 21 2005	nice helpful staff	our family of three stayed 3 nights in aug, 2005.we booked on line not sure of what we where in for.we ended up being very pleased with the lombard motor inn.very clean room, the most comfortable beds i have ever had in any hotel! the staff was really nice and where very helpful with a few questions we had concerning which direction we were headed when leaving the hotel. free parking which is very nice to have in s.f. we always use the public transportation. so we had our vehicle parked the whole time. we love san francisco, but we don't love driving in it! it's nice to take the bus once you are there. so many sights along the way.	
Aug 9 2005	The only place we stay in San Francisco	The Lombard is a tremendous value, with a good location, nice rooms and comfortable beds, free parking and a great location. We have stayed at the Lombard on three of our last four trips to San Francisco and were sorry the time we tried a different place. The location is close to two bus lines that make it easy to travel to most tourist destinations. We always buy transit passes and leave the car in the hotel garage the whole trip. The Marina District where the Lombard is located is a real residential neighborhood with good shopping, restaurants and bars and is not as touristy as staying at the Wharf or at a downtown hotel.	
Aug 6 2005	Great stay for the price	Actually my husband, 4 month old &amp; ten year old stayed here for two nights. I booked through Hotels &amp; paid something around $60 a night or so. It was clean, within walking distance to the wharf, the cable car line, mini market/deli, diner for breakfast &amp; there was free parking (which is huge in SF) The only thing that would have made it perfect would have been a refrigerator, we bought a little cooler at the deli/market next door for snacks &amp; stuff. We had a balcony too, which was nice- Also, this is right on Lombard St (which is a pretty busy street) I wear earplugs at night so it didn't bother me, but if you are a light sleeper -ask for a room on the other side. There is one person at the front desk, he was helpful enough -we've been to SF many times though &amp; didn't have any questions. :) great deal.. would definately stay again.	
Apr 11 2004	loved the Lombard	Exceptional value for the money! Very close to fisherman's warf.	
Sep 30 2009 	Unfreundliches Personal laute Eismaschine niedriger Comfort		
Nov 19 2008 	Buen hotel en líneas generales		
Sep 29 2008 	Super Lage !		
Apr 20 2008 	Hotel perfetto!		
