	San Fran is the Place!	I loved the location of the hotel along with the service inside and outside the room. It was great to be able to get everywhere I wanted to go by just walking out the front door. All the people were very hospitable.	
	Very good hotel in a good location	I had 7 nights in this Westin. In the beginning I thought 5th floor will be really noisy for a SF downtown hotel, but it relatively quiet. Of ourse you hear the fire fighters when they do their regular tours in downtown. But this is also applicable for &gt; 30th floors.The rooms was stylish and roomy. There even was a healthy stepper thing located next to the floor to ceiling windows. Nice, clean bathroom as well. The bar and restaurant are also nice, but rather expensive.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great home base to explore the city	Location, location, location applies in real estate and in travel, and this hotel has a perfect location to explore San Francisco. It's right around the corner from the downtown shopping district, Union Square and Chinatown, and my wife and I were able to hoof it to Telegraph Hill, Fisherman's Wharf, Japantown, the Painted Ladies and Lombard Street (though be prepared: this city's huge hills are NO JOKE). Being able to walk everywhere is a blessing, considering the outrageous charge of nearly $50/night to park a car here.The hotel itself is nothing to write home about, really, but the rooms are adequate and of course have the Heavenly Beds that make Westin worth staying at. The first room they gave us was small and had a terrible view, but we were quickly upgraded when we asked for a better view, and we could see the bay and the sunrise from our next room.I would recommend this hotel mostly for the location, though if you're expecting something really luxurious for the price you pay, you probably won't get what you're looking for.	
Nov 12 2009 	Nice business hotel in the center of town	Convenient for the convention center and central San Francisco. Really a standard Westin - nothing to particularly complain about, but nothing memorable.	
Nov 7 2009 	Westin Excellence with a tinge of uncharacteristic unfriendliness.	Always a fan of Westins, W's etc, the Starwood chain. However, several people at this particular location provided less than the welcoming hospitality that I have come to know. They were not terrible in general, but in comparison to the calliber of service from this chain, they were sub-par. Primarily, this was the front desk as bar tenders, baggage handlers, an droom staff were superb. However, this is a nice, clean, beautiful hotel in a very convenient and central location. You won't have anything fantastic right outside your doorstep or have a neighborhoody feel, but you are centrally located with ease to get to many major attractions. Blocks to shopping, Union Square, the financial district, BART transportation and a longer but acceptable walk to the Embarcadero and Ferry Terminal. Prices can vary drastically at this hotel so when you get a good deal, it can't be beat but often, there will be better values. The W down the street was a far more enjoyable experience. The bed is amazing as always, the room was slightly smaller than typical, but this IS San Franciso so it was quite ample. The room staff was responsive, extremely friendly and diligent. Concierge was also amazing both before my arrival and during.	
Nov 6 2009 	Nice hotel near Union Square	We stayed with some friends and had two rooms, both of which we upgraded for $20 to deluxe rooms. The upgrade added floor to ceiling windows and a king size bed. The rooms were located next to each other on the 23rd floor, however one room was large with a sitting area and the other was about 75% of the size and fairly compact. Parking is expensive at the hotel (about average with other hotels in the area) and the amenities in the room are fairly limited compared to other Starwood hotels I've stayed at. The room did include a personal coffee maker with Starbuck's coffee, which was an excellent touch and much easier to use then your average hotel coffee maker. Overall, a nice clean 4-star hotel in the Union Square area, but nothing amazing!	
Nov 1 2009 	Vanilla kind of place but great location	Stayed here for a conference in the end of May. The conference facilities were great, but as for our room, on the whole I'd have to say it was just vanilla...The beds were comfortable but not over the top, the bathroom was CRAZY small. We called to ask for a fridge for our room to keep some wine chilled and it took a few calls before we got it. Would have been easier if we could have just temporarily moved the stuff in the minibar fridge out but they have one of those sensors that charges you when something gets moved, so we didn't try it. Our room was on the 23rd floor, which provided some interest for my young kids....watching fire trucks approach the area from 10 blocks away, watching the fog roll across the city, etc. As for location, it is tough to beat. My husband and kids joined me for the trip even though I was attending conferences for most of the time, and they had the cable car terminus, union square, and the Yerba Buena park all within a 5 min walk. A BART station is also right nearby. We also took the F cable car down to the market at Embarcadero. The food stands there are amazing -- just too bad it isn't open for longer hours. For anyone going to a convention at the Moscone center, it is 1 block away. We ate twice at restaurants that were within walking distance of the hotel and had been recommended by the concierge. I thought both were uninspiring. We had thought about eating at the restaurant downstairs but the menu was rather pricey and their prix fixe menu (one night a week) only had 2 choices for entrees, both red meat which I don't eat. Best meal the whole trip was our burrito run into the Mission!!Two separate notes...our conference &quot;rate&quot; offered by the organizer was about $150/night higher than the rate I booked the room for online. At the rate I got, I think it's an OK value, but no one should pay &gt;$200 for a room here. It's just not that nice and I'm sure you could find better easily.On a final up note, we had a late flight home and the front desk was very accommodating about holding our bags until our departure to the airport at 6pm. We had asked that they have a cab waiting to take us to the airport when we returned from sightseeing shortly before 6. Instead of a cab, they had the hotel &quot;driver&quot; take us for the same cost as a cab. Town car instead of a taxi and a super friendly and safe driver.	
Oct 27 2009 	OK for business	I'm just back from business having stayed at the Westin. The location is good for business and especially conventions as Moscone is a 5 minute walk. If you're there for pleasure its an OK location with Union Square about 10 mins walk. Its a good hotel and the service was fine but ask for a room away from the lifts. The noise that comes through the air conditiong ducts in these rooms is pretty loud. After one night they moved me without fuss, though. My only other gripes, and these are universal, is the price of wifi $14.95/day and breakfast - $25 for a buffet?	
Oct 24 2009 	Great base for City stay	We stayed in a very nice room, tastefully decorated and extremely clean it wasn't the biggest room we've ever had but was The bathroom was nice and modern with fluffy towels and good quality toiletries. This is quite a big, busy hotel we were never disturbed by other guests or traffic noise etc. The bed was extremely comfortable and had great pillows as well.The use of the internet was expensive $15 for 24 hours - noon to noon the following day, we found free internet at Coffee Bean &amp; Tea Leaf shop about 5 minutes walk away. We booked with Expedia and felt we had good value for money for this hotel.	
Oct 19 2009 	Strong potential good location some serious lapses at check-in	We are bay area residents who stayed here while on business for the day and going to dinner and the theater in the evening. Location adjacent to Yerba Buena gardens, off Market Street, near several major museums and public trans, is quite good. It's a stone's throw from the Four Seasons which is substantially more costly. The decor is modern and well done; the room was of modest size but very well kept up and tastefully decorated; comfy bed, in-room Starbucks. Excellent black-out curtains; noise level on the 8th floor was minimal, suggesting very good construction. Amenities included essentials (soap, lotion, shampoo). Sufficient towels. There were 3 electrical outlets and an Internet cable plug-in spot on a strip on the very compact-sized desk. I must comment on check in, which was **dreadful**, unless you like to stand in line for an hour with bags. There were at least 100 people in front of us with two reception people working the desk. The young staff (concierge) tried valiantly to make nice, handed out bottled water, said, &quot;Everyone arrived at once; were you all on the same bus?&quot; (Not exactly.) And the line was half way across the lobby every time some of our party checked between noon and 3:45 when we finally gutted out the line. My husband tried to check in earlier in the day, and they said, &quot;no, after 3 only,&quot; but later while we were clearly annoyed in line, came by and asked us if we had done &quot;pre-check in.&quot; What? We would have had you offered in that morning!! In fairness, there was a marathon in town that day, but if you know you have 1000 people checking in, you need to have the foresight to add staff or stagger the hours you are checking people in. After an hour or so a couple more people were finally added to help check in. I would recommend this hotel but only with the caveat that you sort out your check in time and ask about &quot;pre-check in&quot; when you make the reservation. Also if you have a car, avoid the high hotel traffic times for valet service because I heard people in line complaining about the bottleneck there (was not a problem early in the a.m. however).	
Oct 12 2009 	Very Classy Elegant and Beautiful Hotel!	This hotel is right in the heart of the city!Very convenient to walk around everywhere. Beautiful majestic rooms and wonderful view of San Francisso.Thoroughly enjoyed living there!!! Extremely modern and elegant hotel!	
Oct 8 2009	My Favorite place in the US	We had a wonderful time in San Francisco. We stayed at the Westin, Market Street. The rooms were spacious, clean, and the service was great. There were so many attractions to see, and things to do, I can't name them all. Alcatraz is a MUST DO! We were there for like 4 hours. It is fairly easy to get around the city, on public transportation, if you are staying down town. We were there for 4 days and did not need a car. There are all kinds of neat little restaruants tucked in different neighborhoods, of the city. Be sure to ask where you are staying for suggestions. All in all, I can't wait to go back.	
Oct 2 2009 	Nice Hotel	The Westin Market Street is a very nice 'upmarket' hotel in an excellent location in San Francisco - a quick walk to Union Square and public transport on Mraket Street to just about anywhereWe ( family of 2 adults + 2 kids, 5 and 13) had a large, bright and very clean room - on the 7th floor I think - and the beds were wonderfully comfortable. Bathroom was a little dark, but spotless and we had a bath , which was nice for the little one.Check-in was smooth and the girl at the desk who dealt with us was extremely pleasant, as were all of the staff we met there, including in the restaurant. This was a pleasant surprise given some of the remarks made on this site.We didn't have breakfast at the hotel - Starbucks is just up the street if all you want is a coffee and pastry- but we did have a very good , if rather expensive, meal at &quot;Ducca&quot;.My only complaint would be that our room was right next to the service elevators that rumbled noisily up and down late at night and early in the morning. I presume that our room allocation was due to the fact that we had got an absolutely fantastic rate on Expedia, which I imagine gives the hotel some scope to allocate better -placed rooms to those paying the full whack.All in all our stay was very pleasant, and if we're ever back in SF ( it's a long way from France!) and get a similar deal, then I'd stay there again.	
Sep 30 2009 	Decent place if you get a decent deal	I stayed there with my gf for 4 nights. I had no complaints, other than the usual hotel issues you would have for a place that costs $90/night. Beds are as always very comfortable and nice as with all other Westin hotels. But why do the shower/tub drains never drain properly? It's not just this hotel but with ALL hotels that I've visited in the past 2 years. I have no idea. If you get a room for $80/night or better, I say this place is good. Anything above is iffy. Good luck.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great Hotel in the best part of the city	We had a great stay for 5 nights at this Westin hotel - Great location- A short walk from the ferry building and embarcado aswell as the city center.We were upgraded on arrival to a delux room with great panoramic views of the city near the top floor at no cost. Although slightly on the small side the room was clean and nice- The bed was really comfy and the in room starbucks coffee maker and huge plasma TV were great bonuses!Staff at the hotel were also really helpful and friendly.Hotel restaurant was also great - One of the best meals we ate in SF!Great Hotel - Would definatley stay here again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great stay	The Westin Market St. is a well located hotel with good facilities. Located on 3rd St. about a 5min walk from Union Square makes it ideal for shopping and good restaurants. The service was good enough and the rooms had all the facilites you expect from a 4* hotel. No swimming pool here though!!!	
Sep 23 2009 	It was fine for one night	They had lost my reservation but managed to squeeze me in. The staff was nice and helpful. The room was on the small side but comfy. One caveat. They claim to have 24 hour room service which actually ends at 1030 pm. so if you check in late and want to eat, they will give you a pizza delivery menu and suggest the store next door foe beverages or cold snacks. All the other restaurants in the immediate vicinity close early also. The bed was the best I had on the trip. It's close to the Moscone center, shopping and museums. It was fine but not anything I'll be rushing back to. The room would suit a solo traveller but if more than that, probably be tripping over each other	
Sep 20 2009 	Disappointed by outrageous fees and lack of concern for guests	We stayed at this hotel for two nights after a long drive from LA. The moment we arrived the valet greeted us by telling us that there was a $45 parking charge (+tax!) per night and that valet parking was the only option. Only later did we discover that there is a public parking garage right across the street. Approx. $50 for parking per night seems like highway robbery to me, no matter what city it's in, or how nice the hotel is!The staff at the front desk were courteous and the bellman was pleasant. The room was nicely decorated and the beds were fairly comfortable. On the first night of our stay however the guests next door were partying and drinking which turned into screaming and hollering in some type of domestic dispute at around 1am. I was on the verge of calling the police when I called down to the front desk at 1:30am. No one from security ever showed up and our noisy neighbours finally quieted down around 2:30am. When I complained to the front desk the next morning nothing was done. They simply blamed it on &quot;unruly guests&quot;. The walls between the rooms are thin so noise travels well, and the heavy metal room doors also slam loudly which echoes down the hall anytime a guest leaves their room.This hotel has the typical overpriced minibar ($5 for a can of soda?) and they also charge $15 per day for wireless internet. In this day and age that's just poor service. If the cafe on the corner can offer free wireless, so can the Westin. There is a convenience store next door that sells soda and snacks so skip the minibar and save yourself from the price gauging.In the end we were highly disappointed by our stay, feeling overcharged and undervalued as guests. I'd skip this hotel and find somewhere where they offer your amenities for free and care about their guests concerns.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great location great room ok service	Stayed in a 'Premier Room' at the Westin Market Street in San Francisco. Upon driving up to the lobby, there was no one to help with the bags or door and navigating through the revolving door with luggage was tricky. Had to wait several minutes at check-in as the two attendants on duty were busy with other customers.Room was clean, spacious, and well maintained. The view was spectacular since the room was on a high floor facing the Moscone Center, Yerba Buena Gardens, and the Metreon.Location was excellent, right off Market street and convenient walk to union square and extended walking distance to Giants Stadium and the piers. Paid a 'starpicks' special rate, which made the room fairly reasonable for its location and quality.Overall a pleasant experience. The hotel meets standard Westin comforts, decor, and service, with an excellent location for exploring the city.	
Sep 13 2009 	Disappointing..............	Just returned from a 8 day trip to California, 4 of which were spent in San Francisco, at the Westin on Market. I am a 57 yo female, and I was traveling with my brother, 61.We arrived at 3pm, and was told that the rooms were not ready...okay...no worries....we went to Starbucks and sat there for an hour, came back, and were given our two rooms...my brother's was still dirty and unmade, with someone else's luggage in it.My room had no safe...the bolts were in the closet, but the safe was missing. Okay...again no worries...At 11pm that evening, the elevators were going non stop and making horrendous noise, which was right on the other side of the bedroom wall. I called downstairs and asked about it. They said they shut them off at midnight. They DO NOT...Next morning, went to see the manager and requested a room change.This I had no problems with, the desk clerk was excellent, and made sure I was moved to another room. I did find the diningroom staff at breakfast to be somewhat less than congenial, they seemed put out when asked for something, such as cream for the coffee.We did purchase these rooms through Expedia, and I don't know whether that is the reason we were given the poorer rooms, but I think one should be treated as well as the next guest, no matter how the rooms were procurred.At the end...we just returned home today, and I received a phone call from my brother...he said he was billed an additional $200 for the mini bar which neither one of us touched, or moved because we know that these are very sensitive.I honestly don't think I will ever stay at another Westin because of the experiences of this week......Go down one block to 4th St and do yourself a favor and stay at the Marriott!!!	
Sep 12 2009 	Excellent hotel in a great location	We spent 3 nights at the Westin and loved it there! THE HOTEL:Pros:It was an elegant, clean, comfortable hotel. The staff were super friendly, knowledgable, and helpful. We asked for a crib for our toddler, and the front desk host, Mark, even offered us a small refrigerator for our room which came in really handy! Also, the crib was clean and safe for our little guy. Our room was on the fourth floor and was near the elevators, but we didn't hear any noise at all. Cons:We did hear conversations coming from next door, though, so I guess the walls are pretty thin. We also didn't have a view from our window. And it would have been nice to have a pool so that we could have taken our son swimming.THE LOCATION:Pros:Market Street is the one long diagonal street that runs through the city. On that street are tons of shops, a shopping mall, restaurants, the start of the cable car route, lots of bus stops, and also access to the BART (bay area rapid transit). Our entire trip was by public transit (with a kid in a stroller) and we found the location to be really convenient and so close to everything. We did the City Pass and we could get to all the attractions quite easily.Cons:None! It was a fabulous location.We were really happy with our stay and definitely recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Sep 11 2009 	This is how a Westin should feel	Don't stay at Westins too much, last was New Orleans, but I like how the brand's hotels are all very consistent in both design, service, and location. Like New Orleans, this was a recently remodeled hotel (formerly called The Argent), but had been given a pretty thorough Westin makeover. The lobby rooms are totally Westin-ized, with very comfy Heavenly beds, clean-lined furniture, stark white walls, large flatscreen TV, and upscale bathroom. Actually the rooms are a very good size for a hotel like this, definately wider than usual. We were three guys, and were able to fit a (very comfy) cot into a room with 2 double beds, with plenty of room to spare. Over the course of 3 nights, this was actually a very comfortable layout.Bathroom shower pressure very good, cutains were effective at blocking out light from the sun, and the closet was nice with upscale wooden hangars. Bathroom amenities were Westin's Heavenly Bath brand, but didn't include a liquid body wash, which surprised me (used the shamproo instead). Towels were plentiful and very fluffy. As for the rest of the hotel, didn't use much of it. Had a drink one night out on the terrace of Ducca, the hotel's restaurant. Was surprisingly quiet, thought the place would be more of scene. Restaurant furniture was pretty chic and the restaurant's terrace was a nice amenity. One of the other guys ordered room service breakfast, which came very promptly, and he was satisfied. I had a package dropped off at the front desk with just my name on it, and the hotel had it sent up to the room which was nice. All in all, very pleased. Only one thing I would comment on was they put us in a room next to the service elevators, and you can mildly hear them race up and down the elevator shaft at certain times. Thought about asking for another room, but thought the moving process would be more of an annoyance than the light sound. All in all, would be happy to return.	
Sep 3 2009 	Central Location Nice Hotel - can't go wrong!	I travel to San Francisco frequently, about 2-3 times a month, so I know most of the hotels in the SOMA and Embarcadero areas. My most recent stay was in the end of August for four nights at the Westin on Market Street. First, the location is central, within walking distance to Union Square, San Francisco Centre, Ferry Building, AT&amp;T Park, and to the public transportation systems (BART, Muni, and cable car). If you take the BART from either the San Francisco or Oakland airports simply depart at the Montgomery Station and walk about two blocks, and the hotel is right there!The check-in was also pleasant, the lady at the front desk upgraded me to a Starwood Preferred Guest room upon check-in, granted, I gave her my SPG card as well, but it was nice that she did that for me even though I didn't ask. *WORD OF ADVICE* Be nice to the front desk folks, it can payoff for you - they can either give you a crappy or nice room.The room itself was nice, spacious and clean and nice view of the SOMA district from the 29th floor! I also used the fitness center at the hotel, and thought it was nice too ... I would have to say their fitness center is better than the Hyatt Regency's or Le Merdien's ... the gold standard is still the Marriott on Fourth Street. I also dropped by the Ducca bar for drinks and appetizers and they were good - no complaints.	
Aug 26 2009 	Nice comfortable hotel...	Affordable 4 star hotel, large rooms, great beds, in the hot spot, good service,	
Aug 26 2009 	Enjoyable Stay Great Room	We stayed 4 nights on the top floor, corner room, SPG member premium room with views of Union Sq,, Alcatraz, Coit Tower, Financial District and pretty much anything worth seeing. Floor to ceiling windows were great and I was up at 6 am when the sun was up to see the xuty come alive and watched the lights at night. The room was great, bed comfy and sheets good (200 thread count only though). The bathroom was very nice and the shower large enough for 2 people easily. The only glitch was that on our first night the room safe was not available as it was being serviced and did not arrive until the next day so we left our valuables with security who issued a luggage tag (a little disconcerting) as front desk do not have a hotel safe. The safe arrived the next day.Hotel staff were aloof as others have said, not unfriendly, just aloof and could have made an extra effort to smile and greet guests. The hotel was very busy including meeting rooms. We found the lounge areas even more impersonal so passed on having a drink there - opting for a few places nearby and there are many to choose from. The location of the hotel is great and this hotel does have some great weekend rates from time to time. It is a solid 4 star business hotel and suitable for weekend getaways. In my opinion is is not great for families with small children as there are no facilities for them and none nearby. There are better choices on 7th Street for families.We would stay again.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great location nice (small) rooms sometimes crowded.	Many other reviewers have commented on the location, and it's true that it's hard to beat - convenient to Union Square, Chinatown, financial district, BART, the F line trolley. Rooms are very nice and comfortable if (like most S.F.hotels) small. The only downside I've encountered on several visits is that the hotel can be very crowded, with some annoying waits for the elevators. Aside from that, if you can book a good deal online, definitely go for it.	
Aug 24 2009 	Horrible Customer Service	Very beautiful hotel, but very horrible customer service. We were part of the wedding held in the hotel. The public parking right behind the hotel (which is public but the hotel HAS access to) closed the doors at 11 pm (Note: No signs of the hours of operations were visible). Not only we were not able to pick up a car (because of the city “laws”, however as we found out later they had access to the gates) but we were not able to stay in the &quot;Boardroom” which was reserved for the bridal party only until 2 am, because this was our only option for the reason that there were room available in any Hotels around. Nobody can tell me that the room with just a table and a sofa is needed at 3am and people in our situation can not just stay there because there are no other options. They kicked us out of the room and let us stay in the lobby until 6 am for the parking to open doors. Very disappointed!!! You will get what you paid for, but NOTHING extra. Hope no major things would go wrong when you stay here, no help is coming!!!	
Aug 23 2009 	A modern business hotel but also good for tourists	Spent 4 nights on vacation in San Francisco with my with and daughter at the Westin. It was the peak of tourist season (or so it seemed) and all of the public transportation and the restaurants were packed with out of town visitors. The concierge service at the hotel was exceptional given the near constant line at their desk and provided helpful informaiton and even got us a good deal from a local rental car company that delivered it to the hotel and allowed drop off at the airport for only a minor fee. The room was adquate for the three of us, the bath was very average but was clean and had lots of towels and other amenities. No free internet. The place looked pretty packed while we were there but it never seemed to impact the service. All and all a good place to stay. Not near the main tourist areas, so be prepared to walk about a mile to the embarkadaro or take the historic street car line, also city bus service and cable car is only a short walk. Lots of coffee shops and small restaurants nearby.	
Aug 21 2009 	Westin Market St was FANTASTIC and Great Value	My wife and I recently stayed at Westin Market St for 4 nights. Great staff and inviting lobby. At check-in the desk clerk told us that the room that we had been assigned was more about the view than the size, with which I was fine. We arrived to our room on the 21st floor and a BEAUTIFUL view of the city! The room was lovely, clean, modern, comfortable. Large LCD TV, starbucks coffee, wonderful linens on the King-sized bed. Great location, with plenty of restaurants and shopping within walking distance. Be sure to have breakfast, lunch or dinner at Cafe Mason! Only two small complaints: 1. housekeeping forgot to give us washcloths on one day and coffee supplies on two days. Both were promptly refreshed upon request. 2. we experience a bit of problem getting our keys to work, a problem that the desk clerk told us on checkout was probably related to a low battery in the lock mechanism. Outside of that a WONDERFUL experience! We will definitely return to the Westin Market St!	
Aug 19 2009 	Great Location	We stayed there in aug 14th. , The hotel was nice and the location was perfect. The rooms were nice and clean and the bathroom was nice. Nothing special about the hotel but the views from the top floors were incredible. I do think the prices of room service, misc. prices - internet and local phone calls and etc.. were a bit too high.. We didnt use the internet or phone and etc.. because of the prices, but be aware if you do.. If anything I think the prices of those costs should be lowered. But besides from that it was a good hotel. I would stay there again..	
Aug 17 2009 	Room with a view!!!	Just returned from a perfect four day stay at the Westin with my wife. Let me start by saying the location of this hotel was awesome. We were able to easily walk to any downtown destination from the hotel. The BART station is very close (we didn't partake-we love to &quot;hoof it&quot;- burning off lots of calories from gastronomical over-indulgence). We scored a 34th floor room that had a STUNNING view- both of Alcatraz and the Golden Gate! Nighttime views were romantic to say the least. The staff were all very courteous and accomodating, especially housekeeping. The room was quite small, but very well appointed, tastefully decorated and quiet. As with all Westin's in which I have stayed, the Heavenly bed was very comfortable! Though I'm not much of a Broadway fan, my wife convinced me to get tickets to &quot;Wicked&quot; which was playing at the Orpheum theatre. I was incredibly impressed and would highly recommend this!! Great storyline and very talented performers. Also saw the long running &quot;Beach Blanket Babylon&quot;, but didn't enjoy it nearly as much even though the politcal satire was funny. Other thoughts: Starbuck's and Walgreen's across from the hotel are convenient, Dinner at Cheescake Factory (on the 7th floor deck of Macy's-overlooking Union Square) was fun for food and people watching, Embarcadero Saturday Market was lots of fun for art, crafts, food, Ghirardelli Square wasn't worth the effort (except the exercise getting there).Coming from a beautiful, clean, friendly little city in Idaho, I was surprised by the friendly attitudes of most everyone I came in contact with in SF. It was clean, safe, colorful and I hope to return very soon!	
Aug 13 2009 	Location! Location! Location!	Hubby and I stayed here with another couple for a quick 3-day get away. Value rating is based on Hotwire rates. We were within walking distance to AT&amp;T Park and all modes of transportation (BART, MUNI, F-Line Trolley, cabs). There was a Starbucks right across the street (an added bonus for us caffeine fiends), as well as a deli next door, a couple bakeries around the corner and CPK across the street. Drug store and 7-11 also within walking distance for last minute needs.We were on the 14th floor, so some sirens could be heard occasionally, but nothing that interrupted our sleep. The room was clean and the bed &quot;Heavenly&quot;. Bathroom amenities were high quality. The staff at the front desk were helpful and nice, guiding us out-of-towners on the best ways to get where we wanted to go.We will be back!	
Aug 13 2009 	Excelent Beautiful recently renovated hotel in a terrific location	My wife and I took a weekend getaway to San Fran on Sep 2008, I found this 4 star hotel in Hotwire and bought it without knowing which it was, so it was a pleasant surprise that it was a Westin; but there are many Westins... when we arrived we were amazed to know which one was it, the hotel is centrally located in the Financial District on Market street. We were within waking distance from Union Square and Chinatown, we were across the street from the Moscone center and the Yerbabuena gardens, and also a few blocks from the cable cars, as well lots of other attractions. But the best part was our room, and the hotel premises. We were on the 20th floor with a terrific view to the Financial district, to my favorite the Hobbart Building. The room was recently renovated with flat panel TV new bedding, drapes, carpet, furniture, it looked like it was never used before. The staff is professional and friendly, and this is a big city! . And I could get a great rate from Hotwire, about 100 dlls per night where hotels cost btw 250 and 300 a night. We didn't dine in the restaurant but it seems to be pretty popular.	
Aug 12 2009 	Really a nice deal	We stayed there 2 nights and it was really nice.The bed was awesome, a large TV is available etc..The hotel is really in a busy place (you can do shopping around Market Street or go at the AT&amp;T stadium to see a baseball play without having to move your car).Unless you really want to spend $45 a day, don't use the valet parking and just use one of the (many) public parkings there are within walking distance, where you will spend $15 a day.The only drawback : Internet is not complementary and will cost you $15 / day	
Aug 12 2009 	clean comfortable calm and well-located	We enjoyed our stay. Clean hotel and room. Very accommodating reception desk. Comfortable bed. Nice basic nature/ natural decor. Got a deal through the internet for less than $100 a night. One young male concierge seems stuck on himself and another failed to call me back. Other than that, we were very happy with our stay.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great value - Go to Westin website	Great hotel. Great summer value!! Walls were thin and neighbors were noisy all night! Rooms are clean and location of downtown is excellent for cable cars, and city transportation. Great pizza across the street. Restaurant too expensive. Close to ball park. . . there for the no-hitter!!!!!	
Aug 6 2009 	Lovely	Nelson at the front desk was very welcoming. The staff was excellent, and the room was spacious, fresh, and well stocked with the standard amenities. The view of the SFMOMA, Yerba Buena, and other city landmarks was gorgeous. Room service was very prompt, and the food (breakfast) was good. Very convenient to SFMOMA, other museums, and Union Square.	
Aug 5 2009 	Good Service and Nice People	We liked the location of the hotel. The prices were reasonable, the service was good, and the room were nice. I really liked how close it was to Union Sqaure and SF Musuem of Modern Art. We would definitely stay again.	
Aug 4 2009 	great hotel great location	Myself, my husband and our 14 year old daughter stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in july...it was lovely, great location, minutes walk from union square and the cable car ( a highlight but queue at bottom of union square for a good seat), large room with great view of the streets, elegant lobby, nice bar and helpful concierage.....Didnt like the fact you had to pay for internet access on your laptop though..It has a californian pizza kitchen accross the street and a Starbucks too...Booked it on Hotels.com for 80euro for roomrate..	
Jul 29 2009 	Excellent Location San Francisco in general is great!	The service in general was good, however the food restaurants could e improved (both quality of food but specially the service) The room was good in general the service was good too and the views from the top floors were absolutely incredible! The location was perfect, right next to Union Square! Amenities were ok but i think it could use with a pool or spa. Anyways, in general the hotel was pretty good and you can reach all you need to see from the hotel's location.	
Jul 29 2009 	Just the ticket great location for the right rice I'll be back!	The hotel is a fab location and very close to coffee shops and shopping. Check-in was quick given that we arrived at 12.30pm but no questions asked, straight to our room. We were on the 26th floor (says he who is not great on heights) and had an amazing view of the convention centre and gardens. The room had 2 queen’s as booked and my only complaint with the room was the 5th pillow on both beds were dirty from previous guests and never changed during our stay. Other than that the staff were great, the Valet was very expensive and because I had an SUV they charged me an extra $15 a day which when added to the $48 parking to make it $63 a day this was a rip off. We stayed 3 nights and the car . Overall I would not think twice tell anyone, business, individuals or family’s to choose this hotel – it’s great for San Fran standards.	
Jul 25 2009 	Great Location Great Service	The hotel is a great location close to coffee shops, convenience stores and shopping. Check-in was quick and our room on the 27th floor had a great view of the convention center and gardens. The car valte takes a bit of time to come around and is $48/night. The health club is well-equipped and very well air-conditioned. Room service was quick and tasty (large portions). We had the breakfast buffet one morning and the price is around $24 a person, but you have plenty of options to choose from. The only word of caution would be the showers which can be very slick and there is no bath mat provided. If you would like to test your bone density its a great idea to hop in and out of the showers. The bathrooms are nicely appointed.Overall a great stay. I would definitely stay here again next time I am in the area.	
Jul 25 2009 	Great value and service	Had an awesome stay at the hotel. staff was great .. room was big and clean (got comp upgrade to King bed as well on a high floor) They have floor to ceiling windows ... and the view from the room was amazing ! Deff recommend this hotel ... ohh and must visit the Ducca restaurant for its mouth watering appitizer &quot;aurichini&quot; !!!	
Jul 24 2009	Awesome Stay	we stayed for 4 days, and it was the best stay from all of the hotels we stayed in, worth the money, it had a big bathroom, good bedroom, great view, and the service was really good. The location was near alot of things, not near cable cars. I recommend you stay here	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Incredible Front Desk Manager - Eric Pasch	I am SPG Platinum member so it is always nice to get an upgraded room and amenities from some of the Starwood hotels I frequent. There are Starwood hotels that really want your business and go out of their way to treat you nice (happily the majority of them I have encountered) and then there are those hotels that do not. This Westin, run my Eric Pasch, is simply one of the great hotels that really cares about the SPG members and I applaud Eric for running his front desk with such devotion for Starwood's gold / platinum members! Besides arranging an incredible suite upgrade for me, Eric took the time to hand pick for me what he considered to be the finest Chinese restaurant in the city, within walking distance from the hotel. Eric was &quot;right on&quot; with his fabulous selection!! This Westin is perfectly located in the center of SF with easy access to most attractions. I also have the following comments about the hotel: (1) My windows were the absolute cleanest windows I have ever had in a hotel - my son took incredible photos from the room and commented that he had never seen since clean hotel room windows; (2) The bathroom was incrediblly clean and well stocked with towels, etc., (3) The bed / linens were soft, fresh and clean - just as you would want from a Westin; (4) the price of roughly $125/night was a down right &quot;steal&quot; for downtown SF; (5) The Italian restaurant in the hotel looked really neat - if I had another night there I would have loved to dine in the Venetian style restaurant; (6) the entire staff was friendly at the hotel. Once again, I want to personally thank Eric Pasch for my incredible experience at this hotel and i truly hope to be back very, very soon!	
Jul 19 2009 	Westin Say It Aint So	This hotel must not be corporate managed hence, I ask the question &quot;Westin say it aint so?&quot; Mouse traps outside the building!!!! Gross!!! We are locals and thought is was a great location and probably has great views for our out-of-town guests. With a name like Westin you would have never thought the windows were covered with a heavy film of 4 month old dirt! I heard the housekeeper telling another that she was ill from the cafeteria food...I believe it I had flies in my salad!! Not to mention the service in Ducca was slow and not friendly!!! Now I understand why my rates were under $100 in San Francisco. Westin you might want to reconsider or retrain this property. I just stayed in Costa Mesa &amp; Seattle...wonderful properties!!!!	
Jul 17 2009 	Elevator can be heard in all rooms in center of hotel	If you stay in a room near the elevator you will hear it all night. I don't mean, I think I heard something. I mean I hear it over the TV at middle volume.I think it is a converted Motel 6	
Jul 15 2009 	Great hotel and location	I did quite a bit of research on San Francisco hotels and neighborhoods before submitting a bid on Priceline. My work paid off because the Westin was a very nice place to stay in a good location in the city. For 60% off the rack rate it was a great bargain.When I arrived I asked to change my room type and my request was granted. I was nervous when I saw that my room was next to the elevator but unlike other reviewers I had no problem with the elevator sounds at all. It was slight background noise and it wasn't bad at all. At other hotels you'd be lucky if the street noise was as tolerable. I hate noisy hotels and I found this hotel to be very quiet over four nights.The room had a simple yet modern look with a huge window with great views. It was perfectly clean. The beds were wonderful. Often I dislike the super comfy hotel beds but the Westin beds were perfect. The bathroom was clean and a nice size as well.The hotel location was ideal. It's close to BART, MUNI lines and the cable cars. There are many restaurants and coffee shops nearby. It's a nice place to escape the tourist areas even if you are a tourist.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed at West Inn Market Street for four nights and were upgraded to aroom that had a fabulous view over San Francisco.The hotel itself is very attractive inside and has a lovely outside bararea at the back of the hotel which overlooks a park area.The staff are extremely friendly and helpful, pointing out key places tovisit/eat etcThe hotel is a great base for transport links and is only a five minutewalk to Union Square and the shops.We would definitely recommend this hotel as a good base to explore thecity.	
Jul 10 2009 	Awesome hotel in a great location.	Just returned from three days in SF. Stayed July 5-8. Found great rate of niteny-nine dollars on hotels website two days prior. Two queen beds. The hotel is very clean, the beds are great. We parked across the street for twenty dollars a day. Got the three day muni pass and visited Alcatraz, Golden Gate, China Town and of course, the Wharf. Easy access to public transportation. Short walk to Powell and Market to ride the cable car. No complaints about the hotel. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay again for the price.	
Jul 9 2009 	everything you might expect	Before we arrived, I noted that the parking fee is $50 a night. So, we found parking on the street, which was free because it was a holiday backed up against a Sunday. My backup plan was to go to a nearby garage that had good reviews.There was a short wait at the check-in. The lady at the counter was friendly, polite and courteous. I changed my room configuration without a problem. We checked a little over an hour before check-in time. (It was 2pm) I asked for a late checkout and she said that we could stay until 2pm without extra charge.After we checked in, I called the front desk and requested a couple of robes and also some shaving cream. The robes, shaving cream, and a shaver came up within 10 minutes.Our room was clean and nice, and the bathroom was fine. The shower pressure was okay and the heat was fine too. Our window was somewhat close to some fans outside on the roof below. (we were on the 10th floor) The fans were audible from the window but not over by the bed. I had requested a room away from the elevator and ice machine and there were no noise issues.The bed was comfortable. We used the mini-bar as a fridge, and the lady at the front desk said they didn't have microwaves.The next day we checked out through the TV, which was reasonably convenient, although I wasn't able to use the keyboard to type in my email address for the receipt. Instead I had to use the direction keys on the remote. (skip that option if you're in a hurry) We left the keys and we were off.All together, we were very happy with the experience. I give it 3 stars for value because the normal prices are not reasonable. However, we found it on priceline for $90, so that wasn't an issue for us this time.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great	Quick stay, it was just great.In the heart of San Francisco. Very nice staff. Not a single problem worth notice.	
Jul 6 2009 	Nice location typical Westin	I had booked via Hotwire for one Saturday night for $93. When I called the hotel a couple days prior to confirm the room, the desk staff could not guarantee a king bed but noted there were plenty of king rooms available.We checked in very late, and were told we were in a queen room. I requested a king, but was told we had been given the last room available. My husband commented to the front desk clerk that he is a Starwood Gold member, upon which the front desk clerk disappeared to the back for a couple minutes. When he returned, he upgraded us to a king room and suggested we book directly with the hotel instead of using a 3rd party such as Hotwire next time to guarantee a better room. (Of course, we realized that already. In bidding on Hotwire I had been hoping for another hotel and ended up with the Westin. We stay at Westins often, so it would have been interesting to have ended up someplace else.)The room was on a corner and had amazing views. The decor was typical Westin, except it was odd that the room lacked a sofa/loveseat--instead it had two dining chairs, which was awkward. The bathroom was ridiculously small, and they should replace the hinged door with a pocket door. Thank goodness the sink was outside the toilet/shower area or we never would have been able to get ready!This was also the first Westin I've stayed in where there were no robes in the closet. Maybe they have separate rooms for the Hotwire guests vs. the guests that book directly with the hotel?Parking in San Francisco is expensive, and this hotel is no exception. $55 per night. If you don't need a car, utilize public transit while in the city.The hotel is located in Union Square, where there is shopping and restaurants within walking distance. Note that it is in the city, so expect to hear traffic and sirens associated with the hustle and bustle of the area while you are in your room.	
Jun 27 2009 	Lovely hotel great location effortless service - a big thumbs up!!	Loved this hotel. The check in was swift, the room was very clean and stylishly decorated. Room service was prompt and staff were extremely helpful. Location was perfect for all of the city attractions. Only one minor negative - the internet was $15 per 24 hour period, which is extremely expensive! But other than this minor quibble, the hotel was superb. A big thumbs up here!.	
Jun 26 2009 	Fantastic rooms good location snooty bar staff	Lovely contemporary rooms, comfy beds and quality bed linens, good location but snooty bar staff who couldn't be bothered to serve you and who shut the bar whenever they felt like it rather than at the alloted time regardless of how many patrons were still in the bar. San Francisco is a cosmopolitan city but this kind of service doesn't fit with that image. This hotel could take a few lessons in service and style from its European counterparts. If there is a deal on stay there if not there are plenty of other comparable hotels with better service.	
Jun 25 2009 	Our recent stay at Westin Market St	Hi, we have just returned from a 2 week stay at this hotel. We were very pleased with the hotel. It is in a great location for all the major tourist attractions. We booked a King room and were upgraded to a twin queen room at no extra cost. The room was a good size but the bathroom was a little compact but perfectly functional. This hotel would suit all guests. The hotel is just behind the Yerba Buena gardens where there are open concerts it is also a great place to enjoy the weather. I booked through Expedia and got a good deal. Staff are generally helpful, especially the Concierges. Had a few language problems with the bellboys. Didn't try the restaurant.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great views from a great hotel	We stayed here 2 nights and were upgraded upon arrival to a room with a great view of the city. We got a great deal over the internet, and it exceeded our expectations. The location is ideal for accessing many of the city's tourist destinations. Park across the street for better rates ($28/day but no in/out privileges). While internet access isn't free through the hotel, there are several open and strong networks that you can use.A great, casual bar called Dave's right across the street!	
Jun 21 2009 	Clean tidy and a fantastic view	Stayed here while attending the Apple WWDC conference, had room on 34th floor (3rd from top floor). Room was nice and spacious and nicely furnished. Bed was fantastic! view even better - i was able to see Union square, GG bridge, Bay bridge and Alcatraz from the floor to ceiling window...Bathroom nice, but not outstanding, I am 6'4&quot; and had to bend down to get head under shower, but apart from that everything was fine. All extras in room including iron/safe/40+&quot; TV, Starbucks coffee machine. Internet a little pricy at $15/day - it still amazes me that internet access is charged for when you stay at most of these hotels... Was overall very happy with the hotel and staff were friendly also.	
Jun 21 2009 	nice room convenient location shame abotu the noise	The Westin market St is in a great location for those wishign to explore the city. I was able to get the room for $99 on hotwire, which seemed very good for San Fran.Easy access to the trams and trolley down to fishermans warf or the Castro.The room was quite large, bathroom was well designed and also quite large. Enjoyed the big LCD TV and the ability to request a mini fridge for the room to store some drinks etc. Not sure how Westin can have such comfy beds, but loved it :)The only complaint I have about the hotel is the lack of double glazing on the windows. The traffic noise was usually not an issue, but fire trucks and ambulances seemed to go past the hotel regularly with sirens blazing.	
Jun 16 2009 	wonderful staff. Upgraded as a great surprise.	Beds and linens were amazing. We had a corner room with a King Sized bed which we could have spent hours in. True luxury. Only complaint, no robes.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great room great service	My wife and I stayed here on a saturday night. We found the service to be excellent, whether it was the front desk, the phone operators, or the valets. All were extremely prompt and polite. The bed was fantastic, and the room spacious, clean, and quiet.We were part of a group of about 5 rooms and everyone had positive things to say about, including my friend who went to get in an elevator and found a couple having sex in it. Good times.We paid $99 for the room and as written previously, the valet service was pretty outrageous ($54 with tax). I too thought that $14 for internet service was a bit much.For $99 a night, I'd go back in a heartbeat.	
Jun 13 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Great views from the 30th floor! Excellent daily cleaning service - courteous, polite, helpful, friendly. Beautiful lobby &amp; seating areas. Comfy bed. Don't like paying $15/day for internet. Room price was ok. Went for a group conference, then spent a few days with spouse touring San Francisco.	
Jun 8 2009 	Upscale but small room	We stayed at this hotel for one night celebrate a very special anniversary at a very low rate, $99. Parking at the Westin is prohibitively expensive ($48 per day) so it's best to park elsewhere. We found the lobby to be mod and cold. We had difficulty opening the door of our room with the card key because the handle should be turned UP to open, not down. When we finally got into our standard room, we found a very small room that was dominated by the large bed. The Westin advertises &quot;Spacious rooms&quot; (we totally disagree) with a &quot;Heavenly bed&quot; (we totally agree). The pillowtop mattress was wonderful. There was a flat screen TV, perhaps 46 inches, but you had to sit on the SIDE of the bed to watch it. There were NO chairs, other than a desk chair. The configuration of the room was weird.	
Jun 7 2009 	Absolutely stunning views and great quality for the $$$	Okay, right up front I should let you know that we stayed on the top floor with a corner room so we had 180 degree views. The view was simply ridiculous! We lived in the city for a number of years and we never saw anything like it. On one clear day we saw all the way to Alcatraz.The room was small but we didn't mind, would have liked to know that there would be no bath, just a shower but the view was worth it! I had read reviews from others that said they had terrible rooms because they booked on Priceline but we did not have that problem. Yes, we booked with Priceline, found out that it was actually cheaper to book directly with the hotel (California residents get an extra 10% off) and when we called Priceline about the price discrepancy...we actually got a refund for the difference. I was shocked!Anyhow, we specifically wanted a SOMA location to be away from the craziness of Union Square and this hotel really was convenient to all the big destinations of the city. Also public transport is nearby if you need to get around...we took Bart from SFO and it was a breeze. Although I wouldn't recommend from OAK, we did that once and it was painful.The rooms are modern, amenities are a bit frugal but a housekeeper was happy to give us whatever we needed. There is Starbucks coffee and Tazo Tea in the room for a quick one cup in the AM. Everyone we encountered was extremely pleasant and the valet even allowed our friends in park their car in the lobby while they came up to our room without any attitude.We have stayed at the Hilton near the Embarcardero (a bit dated) and the Mandarin Oriental (exquisite but in the business district and very pricey) and this fell somewhere in between. I wouldn't call this Westin property luxury necessarily but we really were satisfied with our stay since we didn't spend a whole lot of time in the room. Also we didn't partake in room service or the hotel restaurant but this is San Francisco...there were too many great places to eat!We would absolutely return!	
Jun 4 2009 	really nice hotel in a good location	good location, cozy room, shopping store surrandeda little bitter noisy	
Jun 3 2009 	Nice location and clean but small rooms and service lacking	We stayed three nights (Thursday to Sunday) at a very good rate. However, after booking on indirectly through expedia, we were put in a triangle room (king bed) which was modern and clean, but small and awkward. Also, during check-in, the front desk staff were not very helpful and were annoyed that we were arriving prior to check-in. Also, upon leaving, the concierge tried to put is in a waiting limo for $45, when I specifically just told him that I wanted to take a cab to the airport (approx $38 incl. tip). Wonder if the limo is owned by the hotel, or the hotel receives commission. Other than those comments, the hotel was in a great location (Union Square and transportation to everything else was a few minutes walking distance). Room service was excellent.	
Jun 2 2009 	Fantastic location fantastic hotel	Great hotel. Great location. Staff was friendly...room was beautiful...great view.	
Jun 1 2009 	Nice and Great Value but Small Rooms	We paid $109 for a standard room on a Saturday night--fabulous! Clean, awesome location, safe and convenient to everything. So everything else is sort of secondary. OK, so... We got upgraded to a &quot;spacious deluxe&quot; room for no extra charge and were so excited, but when we opened the door we thought maybe we were in the wrong room. So tight! Not even sure the bed was king size. The bathroom door cleared the toilet by about a quarter inch, and for the &quot;floor-to-ceiling&quot; windows, they don't tell you that the ceiling above the bed is only about maybe 7 feet high to start with, then there's some sort of built in overhang that lowers the ceiling over the window to about 6 feet. On the plus side: The bed was super comfortable, very soft sheets, and the in-room coffee and tea were awesome. Plus, we requested a fridge, bathrobes, and slippers for no extra charge. Awesome TV. Also, the front desk was really nice and gave us a 2pm checkout b/c we overslept. Minuses: A prom and some other sort of young event downstairs, so lots of teens in the lobby, a few standing around drinking out of red plastic cups. Second, the &quot;sweeping view&quot; in our deluxe room on the 9th floor was the office building across the street. Then there's the small size of the rooms (ours was maybe 8' x 10' + small closet and bathroom) and also the fact that although there was an advertised $109 rate, I had to call the 800 number to get it b/c it wasn't available online. (And the rep told me that because it says rates &quot;FROM&quot; $109, they do not always actually have that rate available. Bait-n-switch or false advertising, take your pick.Overall, we were pretty comfortable b/c we didn't need too much space, and it really is an awesome value, but I definitely felt like this hotel touts itself as a lot more luxurious than it actually is.	
May 30 2009 	Westin SF Great Location great hotel....	We stayed at the Westin SF Market Street over Memorial Day weekend. The hotel itself is very clean and conveniently located near Union Square and the Financial District. It's a 10 minute walk to the Montgomery Street BART station. No need to get a taxi as the BART was readily available to access to and from the hotel. The beds were comfortable and the room was clean. Parking at the hotel is expensive, about $50 per night. We didn't eat at the hotel since there's so many other options to explore around the area, especially in Union Square (which is only a five minute walk away). Our first day, we walked all through Union Square, through Chinatown to Fisherman's Wharf. from the hotel. SF is a walking city. This hotel is located in a great, easily accessible location. My only gripe was that they charge you for Wi-Fi. Other hotels give you Wifi access for free....	
May 26 2009 	rooms are new and clean	stayed for 3 nights, the location is great, close to the Bart and Muni lines. Watch out for parking, they charge 48/night, right next to the hotel down the ally is city parking for 25/day but closes at 11pm and reopens at 5am, but I didn't need my car.	
May 22 2009 	Great Location Comfortable...Great Price!!	My husband I decided to go to San Francisco very last minute and I suprisingly got this hotel for $100/nt. What a deal for a Westin I thought...there is a catch though. If you are driving there is no self park, you must valet for $50+/nt. However for 150/nt this hotel was still a great deal. Besides that I found that parking in San Franscico in general is just very expensive. Upon arrival the staff were very cordial and we even got upgraded to a corner room with a view of the city.Pros:Location (street car access)Heavenly BedsView of the cityStaff hospitalityCons:Room a bit small.Smoke detector went off every time we ironed our clothes.No swimming poolOverall I loved this hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
May 22 2009 	Great business hotel	Fantastic hotel for a business trip. Quiet, very sharp, incredibly comfortable (one of the most comfy beds I think I've ever slept in)! Highly recommended.	
May 15 2009 	Great hotel in a great location	This is a great hotel in the heart of SF. Located right on Market, it's very conveniently located to just about anywhere you want to go in SF downtown. I didn't get a chance to check ou t the gym or Ducca (their restaurant), but the staff, decor, room, and everything was great. My only complaint is with the service at the front desk. After checking out, my gf has left her sunglasses in the room. We went back in 30 minutes and asked them to look into it. It took them 20 minutes to locate the glasses even though we just checked out 30 minutes ago. I'd expect better service from the front staff. Overall, I had a great time staying here and would not mind coming back.	
May 14 2009 	Nice Hotel	I found the hotel to be modern and good with a friendly staff. My room was nice and clean with a view of the gardens. The hotel is not far from curtain locations: The Museum of Modern Art is just down the block down; Union Square is two blocks away and etc. The is Bart is near by (Montgomery Station) and the F line trolly bus, goes up and down Market Street to Fisherman's Wharf. One draw back, there are no immediate outside restaurants by the hotel. You can find Calif Pizza, Subway, Starbucks and a couple of small cafes by the bart. The area is pretty much office buildings with other near by hotels: Fours Season and W.	
May 1 2009 	What you'd expect from a Westin	Good hotel, nothing groundbreaking, nice lobby. Room was good, wine glasses and bottle opener in room. Room service were quick and even took away a tray that was across from our door. Long waits calling the front desk. 2pm check out was given. Small bathroom. View was good from the 21st floor. Church bells were loud in the morning even up on 21.	
Apr 28 2009 	Okay	We spent 5 days of spring break at the Westin Market Street with our teenager, pre-teenager and 6 year old on the 23rd floor. I compared it with MANY hotels and decided it was the best deal in a very safe location. It couldn't compare with the Westin St. Francis which promises to make your children feel welcome (wecome pkg, etc.). There is not a speck of personal service or attention here. I have always thought of the Westin as a nice hotel and this trip changed my mind. It falls under the Marriott. I will admit that I stayed in a Hampton Inn overnight on a road trip, once, and the room &amp; service was as nice or nicer than this. Our children are the quietest, most well-behaved children (per others) and they said they didn't feel welcome there and actually complained when we pulled into the Westin SF Airport on our last night. Luckily, we spent most of our time out of our room, because it was nothing special and not as nice as our home. The floors were also pretty dirty. The &quot;large&quot; windows were not as large as most hotels where I've stayed and the view was bad...and I am a Starwood member; which obviously means nothing. We also had 2 charges that were not ours but they took them off without question and very nicely...they were so obviously not our charges. Room service breakfast was also speedy and friendly. You also have to ask for toiletries. Typically, one would find a shower cap and body soap, but the rooms are only stocked with shampoo and hand soap - nothing more. The recession has hit the hotels! Our room did NOT have the heavenly beds either. They were not great actually; we know heavenly beds, and did have them following our stay when we went to the airport Westin, and the difference is discernable. I can't imagine we just got a bad room.Do not take restaurant recommendations from the concierge; do your own homework! We had a restaurant picked out and the concierge told us she knew of a better one. We should have been clued in when she gave us a post it to give the owner with his name and her full name on it. It wasn't very good and was filled with tourists. Not a single ethnic person in a Chinatown restaurant!?! It was not good and she was obviously getting a kickback from them. (I believe in the form of chinese takeout!) We were unhappy.All in all, if you can get a cheap room and do not want anyone to talk to you from the hotel, stay here. If you want to feel welcome in a strange city, look elsewhere. Maybe I'm spoiled, but it would have been nice for the kids to at least get a chocolate on their pillows.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great girls night in SF with help from Westin.	As maid of honor for my best friend's wedding, I was in charge of planning her bachelorette party. Most of us live in the SF Bay Area, so a night in San Francisco made the most sense. I did a decent amount of searching online for a hotel in the Union Square/SOMA area, and the Westin ended up being the best bang for the buck. Newly renovated upscale rooms/hotel, convenient to a lot of locations in the city.Booked through Expedia, we checked in and had no problems. I think we were on the sixth floor. View was OK ... could see some street below, but also the roof of bldg, etc. Room was nicely lighted, everything appeared clean, good bathroom, beds, etc. Felt comfortable in the room.The lobby itself was just OK, but I'd rather the lobby be dull and the rest of the hotel be nice. I hate when you stay at a hotel will a fancy lobby and crummy rooms -- deceiving. I'd rather be pleasantly surprised upstairs. After dinner at Shanghai 1930 near Embarcadero/SOMA area, we came back to the hotel bar for drinks. This bar is really cool! We loved the black and red room with the circular couch/seating area and the awesome chandelier. We felt very posh coming here for drinks (before going back out for drinks later).Hard to comment on service, as we were only there for one night. But the woman at the reservation desk was just fine, and the bartender was friendly/nice. Location is walking distance to Union Square, plus super close to Museum of Modern Art, Metreon, Yerba Buena Center, etc. A couple blocks from both Montgomery &amp; Powell BART stations, so no parking necessary!	
Apr 23 2009 	Do Not Stay Here!!	We booked this hotel direct. We were told adjoining rooms would be no problem, as we were traveling with two children. We understood it was a request. When we arrived, not only did we not have adjoining rooms, we were told we would be on different floors. The person checking us in asked for my credit card, even though we had booked a pre-paid room rate. He then told me my card was denied. Not true. While I called my credit card company, my husband asked to speak to the manager. 15 minutes later, we were still standing there waiting. We ended up moving to a different hotel (not a Westin). The people here are rude, and unhelpful. We were very disapointed as we have stayed with Westin (NYC) before and loved it.	
Apr 22 2009 	Very Zen at the Westin.	The location is great. Walking distance to Market street and all the downtown stores. The rooms are large. Modern furnishings and plasma TV. Beds are very comfortable. Stayed on 25th floor in Starwood Member room, so the view was great, overlooking the Ghery Museum &amp; Yerba Buena Gardens.	
Apr 22 2009 	Reservation not honoured	I booked this hotel through Expedia and when I got there, at two in the morning, there was a line of six people in front of me and only one person in the front desk. Nobody in line was able to stay at the hotel that night. They didn't honour the reservations. I had asked for a late check in and they said, yes, we noted that, but it's not just you, the hotel can't take more guests tonight. So they provided us with another hotel and the next day we had to check out from that hotel before noon and to check in in the Westin after 3 pm. I mean, they've just ruined the first night of your trip and also the next day, you spend it unpacking, packing and comuting. I couldn't believe what was happening, really. They said there was going to be a refund for that night through my credit card but that was a lie, it hasn't happened and I'm sure they just tell you that so you rest assured. The guy in the front desk was mocking in a polite way, if you know what I mean, and it was obvious he does that everyday, he is used to angry customers but doesn't care. He does nothing to make you feel better.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great for business and leisure	Compared to many other hotels I stayed on my California business trip, this hotel is a really good value: Good location, quiet, nice staff, clean rooms, good office chairs to get your work done. The only negative for me was: high WiFi prices (but you might have a PC card) and that the staff ignored my sign at the door not to bother me on a Sunday. They just woke up everybody on the floor at 7 AM = mean!	
Apr 21 2009 	Comfortable - Reasonably priced - Centrally located	Westin Market Street was booked for a 5days business trip. Clean, spacious standard room with comfy bed matress and large TFT television. It is centrally located and close to the financial district, Union Square and shopping centers (Macy's, Bloomingdales, Saks 5th, Guess, Apple store etc). Well, everything in San Fransisco is within 10 minutes drive from this hotel. Two minor comments concern the fact that despite being a member of the Starwood Preferred Guest (SPG) program, I was not offered an upgrade as the charming brunette that was in our group of colleagues. Also, room supplies were not refilled/replaced on a daily basis therefore I run-out of shampoo and coffee which may be minor but is disturbing. Nevertheless, I had a pleasant stay in this hotel and the corporate rate was great value for money.	
Mar 30 2009 	Nice hotel great location	I have stayed at the Westin on two trips now. I really like the hotel and the location in the city . I had a view of a nice green space art park in the city and the coast from my window on the 25th floor. I would recommend this hotel. I would suggest getting two queens rather than a king bed, room seemed much bigger with two queens.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great central location good hotel	The Westin is in a great location, close to shops and restaurants. Our room was fine, but the bathroom was tiny. The room had a big window with great views which made the room feel a bit bigger. The bed was very comfortable.Staff here are very friendly and the concierge facility is excellent - one of the best I have seen in any hotel - they were friendly, helpful and knowledgable.Our first night here was a Saturday and having tried several restaurants in the area for dinner (they were all full), we ended up back at the hotel restaurant for dinner - the food was excellent - first class. I would to totally recommend eating here. The bar area is also really good and the bar staff very friendly.Parking is outrageous - $56 per day!!	
Mar 26 2009 	Great value good location	I had a standard room with two queen beds on the 26th floor. The view was a city view, but the view would have been nicer if the outside of the window was cleaned. I could make out half of Alcatraz island and half of the Bay bridge. I easily booked the room for $124 per night on Westin's website. The beds/pillows were very comfortable. The TV was very large for a hotel room, which was great. The bathroom wasn't fancy, but clean and easy to get around and use. The overnight valet parking is $50 per night, but I parked behind the hotel in an attended public parking garage for $25 per night (note: they are closed from 11pm to 6am, so you need to get your car parked inside before 11pm if you want to save on the hotel's valet parking). My wife and I ordered room service and the food was good. BART is nearby as well as Market Street and Union Square is a quick walk away. Only complaint was that our room was next to the elevator shaft and we could hear the elevators go up and down thru the wall adjoining the shaft.	
Mar 25 2009 	Exceeded my expectations	I normally stay at the Mandarin Hotel in San Francisco, but was attending a convention at the Moscone Center and so I stayed at the Westin which is about 2 blocks away from the center. I was thoroughly impressed. It has a great feel, like other top-rate hotels. The room was a bit smaller than the Mandarin, but well furnished.	
Mar 25 2009 	Good hotel great view and central location	I stayed at the westin with my husband during a quick visit to SF. We booked this hotel through hotels.com and were happy with our stay. We had initially booked a standard King room but when we got there and asked for a room with a view they gave us a deluxe double queen room with a view. It was close to the elevator so we could hear it going up and down but that didn't bother us too much since we are deep sleepers! Our room didn't have a safe so we did end up leaving out laptop etc with the Bellman.The location was great since it was central to everything including the BART which we took to and from the SFO airport.The hotel offers parking which is $48/night with in and out privileges. We were able to find street parking for the night which cost us nothing. You just need to pay attention to the street cleaning signs and parking meter rules. Overall an excellent hotel with a great view.	
Mar 16 2009 	Nice hotel but some rude staff who spoil it for the other really nice staff	Good location, nice hotel but on initial first interaction with receptionist I found her very rude and abrupt. Customer service is a big part for me so if I hadn't been travelling all day I would have just left. However after chatting with my boyfriend I went back to book and managed to get a different receptionist - Ginnifer - who was the complete opposite - very helpful and pleasant. We got a nice room, with a good view of the city but unfortunately we woke every morning with really sore throats from the air conditioning which we couldnt turn off and there are no windows to open to let some fresh air in. I really liked the floor to ceiling windows though. Apart from the aforementioned the 2 night stay was good enough but what really put a downer on the whole thing was the bell boy's having a go at us as we were leaving because we went ahead and used their trolley's (that were outside our room!!) to transport our luggage into the taxi. They were annoyed we didn't use their services but frankly we did not have time to wait for them to get to the 18th floor as we were in a rush to get to the airport.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great Rooms	The rooms at the Westin are very relaxing and clean. The new LCD TVs mounted on the walls really transport you to another level of comfort. The only downside would be the $40+ for valet per night. When I asked the Bell Man said there were no other places to park, your out of luck.	
Mar 9 2009 	Fabulous	I cannot say enough about this hotel, from customer service to ammenities to location. It is fantastic for a business stay and/or a leisure. Having visited SF about 10 times, I'm familiar with the hotels in the area and enjoy Starwood but this was my best experience. The staff ensured a comfortable stay and the room was spacious while affording great views of the city. I was on the top floor and had a magnificent panoramic view of the bay - a rare treat. I dined at the restaurant and, though pricey, it served a great breakfast with an attentive staff that was quick to respond to requests but not quick to shove you out the door. Overall, you would be hard-pressed to find a better establishment for the level of comfort in its same price range.	
Mar 2 2009 	Not the best in town but a good value.	The Westin isn't a Ritz or a Four Seasons, so don't get your hopes up for that level of service and plushness. It is clean, has large rooms, the trademarked heavenly beds, an efficient staff, full services, a workout room, and a good location near the shops of Union Square, the mall, and Yuerba Buena Gardens. Yes, the windows do need cleaning as one other person wrote, and I'm not pleased with the tub-style bathroom when they have enough room to make this bath larger with a separate shower/shower only facility, but I have an overall good impression of the hotel and feel it is very good value at $150 per night for our standard room! Didn't like having to pay for Internet access--major complaint.	
Feb 20 2009 	Not as bad as some of the review say...	Granted, I stayed at the Westin almost two years ago...but I stayed here for a full week and overall had a great experience. Yes, the rooms are odd-shaped and pretty tiny...and it's pretty scary to look out the huge floor to ceiling windows, down at the street below (I was wayyyyyyy up there!), but the bed, sheets, and comforter were SO comfy, I had a hard time pulling myself out of bed (even during the day!). I'd love to find out where Westin gets their bedding b/c it is some of the best around. Bathroom was very clean...always a plus! The hotel is in a great location and the downstairs bar isn't too bad (dark and lounge-y). Wasn't a huge fan of San Fran but if I went back, I'd definitely stay here again.	
Jan 28 2009 	Very good choice on Market St near the Financial district	Stayed for one night on a quick business trip to San Fran. The property is more than adequate - good location between two Bart stops, a block away from Market St., with a Starbucks and Calif. Pizza Kitchen across the street.  Decent bar with a surprisingly good wine-by-the-glass selection; only problem is the bar seemed to close early despite a conference on the property, and the kitchen closed at 10pm, about 5 minutes before I got there. The only other option was room service.  My room was large however oddly shaped. Small bathroom and tiny closet but perfectly comfortable for my purposes.   I have no problem recommending it - but of course if you're looking for something more hip and trendy, or for something more evocative of local San Fran culture, I guess there are better options. This is just a solid business choice, and if you can score something below $200 a night, definitely go for it.	
Jan 17 2009 	Fairly Standard Westin Hotel	We had a room on a high floor, with 2 double beds, facing towards Market Street. The first thing I noticed was that the outside of the window was filthy, but then I suppose it can be difficult to keep them clean all the time. The bathroom was on the small side, and despite the room having 2 people, the maid only left 1 set of toiletries.The sprinkler in the room made an annoying sound which made it difficult to get to sleep, although it did not annoy us enough to request another room.As you would expect, there are tea &amp; coffee facilities in the room, and there is a large flat-screen TV with over 30 channels available.The location was excellent - a 5 minute walk from an underground / metro station, and another 5 minute walk to Union Square. There is a California Pizza Kitchen directly opposite the hotel entrance, which had good food at reasonable prices. Certainly much cheaper than the over-priced food inside the hotel!	
Jan 6 2009	Not a Pleasant Stay	We traveled around the U.S from Australia staying at 4 star hotels booked using a mixture of Priceline, Hotwire and hotel chain corporate websites. All but this one were fantastic. This one was a disappointment.We arrived from New York on Dec 29 after a delayed flight and were so tired that we did not check the room(869).As I tried to get to sleep I kept hearing a noise that I put down to the cable cars outside on Powell Street. At 2am I realised that the noise was not the cable car but the elevator and our room was directly behind the elevator shaft!! On thinking back to the checkin I remembered the woman behind the desk grimacing when she saw what room she was giving us and a slight look of panic as she handed us the room keys.At 6am, after getting no sleep I rang down to the front lobby to get a change of room as we were staying 4 nights and the room was too noisy. The clerk on the front desk asked what room I was in. I told him and he said he understood perfectly. He told me we could go to 874 and I should come down to reception to get the keys. After packing our bags and moving them to outside 874 (at the other end of the hotel) I went down to the lobby to drop off the old keys and pick up the new ones.I asked the clerk if 874 was next to an ice machine, stairs, elevator etc and he said &quot;I wouldn't do that to you, brother. I'll just make sure&quot;.He opened a drawer and consulted a sheet of paper which I guess contained all the Priceline rooms. It took him 15 minutes of consulting the computer and the sheet of paper before giving me the keys to room 867 (two rooms from the first room, 869). So I went back up to the 8th floor, told my partner that we had to move the bags back to the other end of the hotel. I wondered what was wrong with 874.So, after carrying our bags all the way back to the other end of the hotel, I opened the door to 867 to find the new room was a lot smaller than the first one and we had been downgraded from a king-size bed to a queen. I rang the front desk again and was told that I was given a standard room with a queen bed and the only standard rooms with a king size bed were next to the elevator shaft.I am 6'6&quot; tall and am used to sleeping in a king sized bed but having had no sleep that night I resigned ourselves to this room. The room did not appear that clean- it looked like it had not been vacuumed in quite a while (there was visible dust and the bath looked like it had not been cleaned with a creme cleanser in a while). Little did I know this was just the start of our hygiene problems.On New Years Eve, the 8th floor rooms started filling up with what appeared to be frat aged guests. The hotel was hosting a New Years party and the atmosphere became quite lively which I enjoyed.In the early morning we stepped out of our room to go on a tour to find a pool of vomit just outside our neighbor's door. A few more yards along another pool of vomit and then another one just outside the elevator. I thought I should mention this to the front desk as it would be hours before the housemaids would be coming around. With the smell still in my nostrils I mentioned this to the woman behind the front desk. She did not look surprised and asked if we would like another room. I said no as I had already been moved and I was just mentioning this as it should be cleaned up as soon as possible. I told her where the vomit was.She consulted her computer. After a few seconds she said &quot;Priceline&quot; to herself out loud without looking at me and opened a drawer. She removed a couple of complementary coffee coupons from the drawer and asked if could she offer me them in apology. I said no thank you but felt quite insulted by her manner. First of all, a coffee costs 20c to produce and secondly, she categorized me by the fact I was a Priceline customer.When we returned to the room that evening the &quot;solid&quot; bits of the vomit had been cleaned up but the smell and stains were still there. I rang the &quot;Express Service&quot; number and mentioned it to them. Two hours later, after no action, I asked one of the housemaids cleaning a room next door (late checkout) to address it. The stain outside my room was shampoo'ed but not the others. Is &quot;Express Service&quot; an oxymoron at Westin??In our travels around the U.S we used a mix of Priceline, Hotwire and hotel chain websites to get good value rates. In comparison to to other hotel chains where I received excellent service and value for money I don't think I can recommend Westin either for this hotel or their approach to service.On the plus side, the hotel is the oldest hotel in San Francisco and oozes history. Have a look in the ballrooms get get a feel of the old San Francisco. The location is perfect in Union Square. You can walk from the Market Street BART station (3 blocks slightly uphill) straight from the airport. Only $4.35 each.P.S I lodged the above comments via their website and got a response email offering me 5.000 (sic) points Starwood Guest Points. In the response they called me by another surname 3 times and my surname is the 15th most common surname in the English language. Is this indictive of the customer service?	
Jan 5 2009 	Westin can do better	Our room was on the 8th floor and faced an office building. The room was smaller than standard and odd shaped, as the hotel is odd shaped. There was no sitting area so we had to climb up on the bed to read or have a cup of coffee. The bathroom was equally small, the door barely clearing the toilet. There was no towel rack, bar or hook to hang towels around the wash basin; ditto in the bath/shower area, except a hook on the door. The deadbolt was not aligned properly and useless. A call to the front desk promptly brought the hotel engineer who slammed the door several times--a stop gap measure at best. Opening the door with keycard and deploying the deadbolt remained tricky throughout our stay. On the plus side, the room was simply furnished with contemporary furniture with a big-screen TV. The bed was comfortable with two duvets--one light weight and the the other heavy weight, the latter being so uncomfortably heavy that we removed it off the bed nightly. The coffee making supply was replenished every day; the cleaning staff was courteous &amp; efficient. Also the hotel staff was helpful.  We had a satisfactory stay at this hotel some years back when it was known as the Argent. This time, however, our reservation was made thru our conference organizers, and we most likely got one of the least desirable rooms. Overall, our latest experience with the hotel left much to be desired, and we would avoid this particular Westin in the future.	
Jan 4 2009 	Modern elegance	We shared a two double-bed room with my boyfriend's parents on the 17th floor. The room was beautiful with simple white bedding and a clean, modern feel to the room. The view down on to Market street was very nice through the very large window. Overall, the room was very comfortable temperature and setting-wise. Very good value for the money...definitely recommend!!	
Dec 31 2008 	Dog Friendly Hotel / Good Value for Business Travelers	Great rates for a Westin in a great location. Most importantly, the room was clean and the internet worked fine. Complimentary tea and coffee in the room was a nice touch. I wouldn't stay here again for vacation. The rooms are on the small size and service and amenities are lacking. We learned it was a dog friendly hotel when we heard the barking on our last night. The front desk did offer to move our room, but luckily the barking didn't continue all night.	
Dec 28 2008 	Solid choice	A good, predictable choice for those who want to be downtown and near the Moscone Center.Pros: Westin beds; Westin consistency; great location.Cons: Lame bar scene (it's hidden in the back - open that baby up!); too few rooms to score a preferred guest upgrade.There are many Starwood options in the neighborhood. The Palace takes you back 100+ years (and doesn't put coffee makers in the room!). The St Regis gives you coffee but the rates are more than my company would pay. The W's throbbing nightlife keeps me up at night. The Westin Market Street isn't the most exciting choice, but it's usually just right ... and when the upgrades happen, they're worth it.	
Dec 16 2008 	Nice but rather corporate Westin	I stayed in The Westin Market Street on November 23rd for a pretty good non refundable internet rate of $129 through the hotel website. However, if it hadn't have been for the fact we were just three stays off making Platinum with Starwood, I would have preferred to have paid less than $100 using Priceline for an equivalent 4* hotel.This is a perfectly acceptable nice, clean and comfortable corporate hotel but there is no wow factor about it at all. The decor is all a bit grey and gloomy and lacks the charm of many Westins, although it is no where near as dismal as the recently renovated Westin Galleria in Dallas (which I have also reviewed).The room and bathroom are well sized and from the Starwood Preferred Guest Floors, you get very good views of the city. It is conveniently located a block away from the Bart, MOMA and The Moscone Centre and two blocks from Union Square.If you are attending a convention at the Moscone Centre then it is ideal, but I would not recommend it for romance or fun and would suggest the more historic Westin St Francis on Union Square instead, or one of the many chic city centre boutique hotels (eg The Hotel Monaco or Palomar).I will say though, all the staff were extremely nice, friendly and helpful.	
Dec 3 2008 	Beware of rooms near the elevator!	We checked into the Westin on the day after Thanksgiving for one night only. We booked our room on the Starwood website-we are Starwood members. We got a good rate, $149.00, which guaranteed us an upper room floor. Upon checking in, the front desk informed us all they had was a room near the elevator. I have had numerous problems in the past with rooms near the elevator and try to avoid &quot;elevator&quot; rooms (and &quot;ice machine&quot; rooms) as much as possible. The room was located on the 31st floor, and we know the Westin is a very reputable hotel chain, so we thought it wouldn't be a problem. BIG MISTAKE. We had been out all day shopping and ice skating at the Embarcadero, returning to the hotel at 6:00 at night to get ready for dinner. While getting ready, we thought we heard jet planes overhead but in reality it was the service elevator. Or maybe it sounded like a freight train?? Needless to say,we were able to change our room (no rooms with 2 queen beds as reserved, so we took a king + 2 roll aways for our children). We will stay at the Westin again, the hotel is very nice with great beds, but we will make sure NO MORE ROOMS BY THE ELEVATOR, especially rooms with numbers ending in 17 (as in 3117).	
Dec 2 2008 	Didn't Love This Hotel	I'm in San Francisco for a couple of days on business and I'm spending my first night here. I got a pretty good rate ($160), but I don't see what all the excitement about this hotel is.On the up-side, the hotel is near the Montgomery Street B.A.R.T. station, it was warm and sunny here today so the two or three block walk was nice.As for the hotel, my room at the end of the hall is pretty small. The flat-screen Philips TV is on the desk, so I can't actually sit there and get anything done on my computer. I've stayed at the Sheraton Fisherman's Warf, and the St. Francis and they both offered larger rooms.The rooms do have a sound issue, the walls are thin and the noise in the hall carries right into my room. My neighbors just opened their door and for a minute, I thought they were coming into my room.One suggestion I would make, when you check in, request a low level floor. The elevators are pretty busy. The restaurant has an Italian theme. The food was pretty salty, and the service was off. My waiter was working two tables, mine and a table of six, and devoted his time to them. It would have been nice if he'd checked on me at least once. The water and glass of wine I requested never arrived.BTW, If you're an SPG member, they don't have a club lounge here.This city if full of really great hotels. Including several other Starwood properties. I think next time I'm in town, I'll try one of the others... even if it costs a bit more.	
Nov 29 2008 	Very comfortable central hotel	Stayed here for 2 nights and really enjoyed it. The hotel was comfortable, central and very good value for money.The staff were very helpful of particular note was Scott the concierge.We were upgraded and the room was pleasantly decorated.Definitely would stay here again if in the area.	
Nov 20 2008 	Always a good experience	My boyfriend and I go to San Francisco once every two months. We both lived there for many years, and have a lot of friends to frequently visit. This hotel is the first one we consider staying at each time. The rooms are clean, the location is great, and the floor to ceiling windows offer great views. Westin also usually has great deals.	
Nov 17 2008 	Convenience and Comfort	The Westin Market Street in San Francisco is centrally located and walking distance to the Moscone Center (where I was attending a conference) and Union Square. The hotel is not elaborate when you enter its lobby ... but definitely elegant. It has some hidden nooks for informal meetings and relaxing in the lobby.The rooms are typical Starwood - great beds and clean. As the hotel has only been a Westin for about a year, the rooms were newly renovated and modern. The hotel had a restaurant called Ducca that looked nice but we did not eat there. The bar for Ducca extends out to a sidewalk and is great if the weather permits. We ate at Joe Dimaggio's Italian Chophouse in the North Beach area of SF. It was an old-style steakhouse but not quite as ridiculously priced as many high-end steak places. The workout facility was small and it was often tough to find a machine in the morning. But it was also new and in good shape. Overall, a great place to stay if needing to be close to Moscone.	
Nov 12 2008 	Nice hotel but horrible concierge and desk staff	The room was comfy and clean. Then we used the concierge service to make our dinner reservations since we were unfamiliar with the area. We had 3 bad meals in a row! The check-in process wasn't exactly seamless either.	
Nov 10 2008 	Okay but walls are paper thin!	We love the Westin chain for their rooms and great beds! This was not one of my favorite. It's new, but the walls were so thin I could literally hear the maid down the hall rustling paper. We could hear other people using the bathroom!! Every time a door opened or shut on our floor it would echo through the hall. Stay at the W or the Westin St. Francis (new wing) if you want to sleep.	
Nov 3 2008 	Nothing to complain about	If you don't want to deplete your bank account to stay at a nice place in SF, then this is your place. It has everything you need for a comfortable stay. The decor is very modern and rooms are clean. It's like a 'less is more' approach done very well, as other places can get cluttered with decorative 'stuff' all over the place. This one is simple yet modern and stylish. The rooms are outfitted with 'heavenly' beds, clean bathrooms and large flat-screen TVs...(the important stuff, right?) Pay a little extra for a grand-deluxe room or greater and you'll end up with a terrific view of the city or bay. The lobby is welcoming, staff friendly, and location superb. Good job Westin!	
Oct 19 2008 	Great Hotel for the Price	After the tiny room at my hotel in New York (see my review of the Hotel Mela, New York), my room at the Westin San Francisco Market Street was a truly refreshing change of pace.Hell, I had an actual work desk, a 32-inch (or maybe it was larger) LCD TV, two very comfy lounging chairs, a full mini-bar, a full closet, and, a king size heavenly bed. The room even had a small ante-room leading to the main bedroom! (The fact that I paid considerably less per night for the Westin compared to the Hotel Mela sweetened the deal considerably.)I should also mention that the room was very clean. I quite liked the lobby and the hallways. Further, the location was very convenient to the SF MOMA, the Moscone Convention Center, Yerba Buena Gardens, and shopping (Westfield San Francisco Center. Virgin Mega Store, Apple Store, ROSS, and Old Navy, to name a few.)Some stuff to note, however:(a) the bathroom was plain jane. Nothing distinguishing about it at all. (b) some of the extras I was hoping for were AWOL. No complimentary bottled water. No slippers. No shower gel. No toothbrush kit. No sewing kit. No shower cap. None of that mattered (well, except maybe for the complimentary bottled water) to me though since I had the necessary toiletries with me.(c) I got charged for mini-bar consumption despite my not having actually consumed anything from the mini-bar. Apparently, as explained to me by the front desk, the fridge has an electronic sensor such that, the minute you move anything in the fridge, you're automatically charged for consumption. As such, when I moved stuff around to accomodate perishables I'd bought, I got charged. (I'm not sure I actually believe the front desk's explanation by the way. The electronic fridge system, if it actually exists, just seems like a great way for the hotel to get into unncessary arguments with guests.) In any case, the hotel reversed the charges without giving me a tough time about it. So, I'm not complaining.(d) I came back one day to find a cleaning rag left behind by housekeeping on top of a cabinet. No biggie for me, I just placed the rag along with my used towels, but I can envision how such an episode could irritate other less sanguine guests.(e) The lifts had a key card security system to control access to the guest floor. However, the system was apparently not yet up and running during my stay.Lastly, I should mention that I was able to book my room for about USD180 (including tax) a night directly through the SPG website. Considering that the average room rate in San Francisco for a hotel of this quality seems to be closer to USD250 ++ per night (based on my own research), the size and quality of the room, and the locaiton of the hotel, I feel that I got a very good deal indeed.	
Oct 14 2008 	Loud Loud Loud Elevator Noise!	There is just no excuse for a Hotel of this quality to have such a serious problem with the elevator system. We got in a room next to the elevator and it absolutely ruined the trip. We couldn't sleep! The noise was terrible. If they force you in to a room next to an elevator demand your money back.	
Oct 3 2008 	Stayed for our Honeymoon	I booked 4 nights here for our HM, one of which I used my Starpoints for. Upon check in the lady said she would upgrade us since we were staying 4 nights. She offered us a bottle wine since it was our HM, but we declined as we are not drinkers. She was going to give us a corner room on the 8th floor, but decided to give us a room on the 27th floor with a view of the Moscone Center. That room was nice. Bathroom was small. As soon as we got to the room, we called and requested a refrigerator which was delivered promptly; no extra charge. After coming back to our room later in the evening, a maid was cleaning a corner room and told us it was available. After a call to the front desk, we packed our stuff and moved over to the corner room with more views of the city. This bathroom was slightly more spacious; although neither had towel racks. We used the workout room. Headphones were provided and the treadmills had built-in TV's. Staff was very friendly. At checkout, my bill was for 4 nights, when it should have been for 3 since I used my points for one night. A call to the front desk fixed that and she gave me 1000 points for the inconvenience. We asked about late checkout and were offered 1pm as opposed to the normal 12pm checkout. Overall a good experience. It is more of a business hotel, not your traditional HM place, but it worked for us.	
Oct 2 2008 	Quite happy	The hotel is very comfortable, the location is good (very near Union Square). There are other places I like as well or better in the area, but you can't go wrong here.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great. Period.	Stayed here over the weekend in September for $167/night (plus tax). So worth it. Great safe neighborhood. Near the BART. Lots of small markets near us. Lots of real shopping. Service was fine. Nothing special - but absolutely no problems and everyone was friendly.Mini bar ok -- would have preferred a regular 'fridge, but this was fine.CLEAN! Big, pretty bathroom. Nice bed. Clean chairs, etc. It was nice. No complaints. Gorgeous view. Everything was just as expected. Really nothing out of the ordinary, but everything working so perfect was wonderful. Also got great weather in the city and so that was nice. Enjoy.	
Sep 16 2008 	Good Bed Bad Service	The Westin Heavenly Bed was the highlight of this hotel.Since the hotel has renamed itself to Westin (formerly Argent), they have cleaned the rooms, new carpets, removed electocution hazards, and put in the Heaven Beds.The location is also great - just steps to Market St and lots of public transportation. A couple blocks from Moscone.The servcice here was poor and unfriendly. Poor service ran throughout the hotel, it wasn't just one desk clerk. Here is what happened:*) Arrived at 7:00 a.m. and had to unload my car myself. The valet only showed up as I was dragging my luggage into the hotel by myself. Did he offer to help? NO, he wanted to know how long I was going to be! No one ever offered to help with my family's luggage.*) Since it was so early, my room wasn't ready. This was no big deal - I didn't expect it to be ready at 7am. However, they promised to call me on my cell phone when it was ready, and they never called. I only found out the room was ready because my wife went back and asked.*) Evidently my room (which was booked by someone else) included free valet parking. The hotel never told me it was included. How did I find out? My wife randomly asked about the room rate and they happened to mention the free parking.*) The laundry service . . . I took my laundry down to the bell desk to drop it off, and the bellman rolled his eyes when he took the bag.*) The laundry service . . . was supposed to drop drop off my clean laundry by 6pm. They did not meet their time committment, and didn't bother to call or apologize.As if that isn't enough, this is the big one. After reporting activities that violated hotel policies to the manager, he offered to relocate us! Rather than fix a problem, all they wanted to do was move me and not deal with an issue.Oh yeah, the hotel is STILL owned and operated by ARGENT. Maybe this is why they still suck.	
Sep 12 2008 	It's all about the LOCATION!	We stayed at this hotel overnight on a recent Saturday. I am fairly local (just over an hour away) and I have to say that this hotel is an outstanding value for anyplace in the Bay Area, let alone San Francisco, and let alone Union Square! You can not go wrong.I booked the hotel directly with the hotel website. If you compare all the sites and prices, you will find that the hotel's own prices are the most reasonable, so I recommend booking directly. I was a little worried when I read some of these traveler reviews, but it is as if the negative posts stayed someplace else. Every detail was beyond satisfactory. I'll start at the beginning. We parked across the street at the Hearst Parking Garage. 24 hour parking cost only $20--um excuse me, actually this is cheap!! It is safe and secure and literally across the street. Just map everything before you go and you will find it alright.When we checked in, the clerk read my special comments and without asking, she upgraded us from a Grand Deluxe King room to a Premier King at no extra charge. We were on the 29th floor. The floor to ceiling windows make for a breathtaking view of Yerba Buena Gardens, the Metreon, Zeum carousel, the bay (even AT &amp; T park if you know what to look for) and the hills of San Francisco. Imagine that at night time, with the lights. Just fantastic. I highly recommend asking for a room that faces Yerba Buena Gardens. Some of the complaints here were that the view of 3rd Street did not impress and I would agree, that if we had a room facing 3rd, it would NOT be the same experience. But remember, you get what you pay for. The Grand Deluxe rooms clearly state, &quot;High Floor.&quot;The bed looks exactly like the online photos and is extremely clean. That is precisely what I look for in a hotel, is cleanliness. The bathrooms are large, spacious, fully stocked with a hair dryer, bath robe in the closet, etc. The large screen tv, well stocked mini bar all says chic, elegant, modern. That is what you will get from the minute you walk into this hotel: modern elegance. From the huge white orchids in the lobby to the hotel lounge with the urban vibe, it delivers upscale taste at an extremely reasonable price. I can tell you that the price for a standard room here compares to that of a far inferior room in the wharf area (such as a Best Western.) As to other hotels in the Market Street area, you are looking at THE best priced hotel for the value in the area. This place can't be beat! Quality and affordability. You are getting upscale, quality service for a bargain rate.The concierge was helpful. Cabs come straight up to the door and took us to the Curran theatre, which was a $5 cab ride away. Everything is in walking distance. If you leave the hotel, go left to Market and left again and walk to Union Square. Go right out of the hotel and you are steps away from the SF Museum of Modern Art, the Metreon, St Patrick's Cathedral, Jewish Museum of Art, Yerba Buena Gardens (beauiful), Zeum, and the Children's Carousel. This location puts the value of the hotel far beyond the price they are charging.From the time we walked up to the front desk clerk, who upgraded our room in celebration of my husband's birthday, and offered him a glass of wine to boot, to the convenient parking across the street to the LOCATION beyond belief, to the cleanliness of the room and the comfort of the beds: I highly recommend this hotel!Note: if you are looking for a &quot;historic&quot; looking hotel, then you want to stay at the Westin St Francis or the Sir Francis Drake. That is an entirely different type of experience. At the Drake (where I've also stayed) the rooms are small and the bathrooms are closet small. But you are at a historic, older building. Totally different types of hotels and different experiences.	
Sep 9 2008 	Great Location and Service!	I am a Starwood Prefered Guest and used points to stay at this hotel. I choose this one over the other Starwood hotels based on the reviews here and of course its location. We flew up for five nights and took the BART from Oakland to the hotel. The Bart stop is about 1 1/2 blocks away and is only $7.10 (roundtrip). Best deal in town! We arrived late Sunday and were immediately upgraded to a corner room in an upper floor due to my SPG Gold status. Check in was fast and efficient. We then walked across the street to CPK (California Pizza Kitchen). Very good and conveniant.It is close to Union Square where you can shop and pick up the cable cars. It is also close to the shopping mall and Chinatown. The bus stop and F trolly, that takes you to Fishermans Warf is also steps away from the hotel. Best way to get around San Francisco and cheap too $1.50. The hotel room was fantastic. Great view from the room. The bathroom is a little small but so what, you don't live in he bathroom! Housekeeping was good for the most part. However, they forgot to give us wash clothes one night and we did not notice until the next morning. Not a big deal! The concierge was very helpful and provided us with a map that had the bus routes on it and helped us get to Golden Gate Park. She also printed our airline tickets when I inquired about the business office. Overall we were very pleased with this hotel and when we go back to San Francisco, we will be returning here!	
Sep 8 2008 	Good Location disappointed with standard	My husband and I stayed here as our final hotel in a 15 day stay in the US. We booked in for 4 nights and agree with previous reviewers that the location is ideal for exploring SF and far enough away from that hub of tourist activity called Fishermans Wharf and Pier 39 which is a definite miss in our book.Our initial contact with the hotel was in leaving our bags with the concierge while we handed back our hire car. They said they would not be able to put them into the room until we were present which seemed strange to us as we had already checked in and had the room allocated to us. We definitely felt they were looking for the tip on delivery. The room was on the 25th floor as we had asked for a high and quiet room, height was perfect and the view was terrific but the noise was a bit much for us from the cleaners room which was located next door and they banged their trolleys from 6am each morning getting the set up for cleaning. (2519 is the number if you want to avoid it). We returned to reception to get our bags after an hour as they still had not been delivered and they insisted that they were just about to bring them up!! Another 20 minutes later they arrived. The rooms are not very large but as US standards go they are probably standard. We had a king bed and desk area. Bathroom was very small with only shower over bath available(they have no rooms with seperate showers only a disabled room - I checked!). Only one bath towel and robe in the room on arrival and it took ages to get the second one delivered, in fact the cleaning was very hit and miss depending on when we remembered to leave a tip!Our biggest disappointment was that there was no pool in the hotel even though we had specifically requested a pool in all our hotels. As the temperatures were in the early 90's it really was a downer for us but we went over to the park across the road and sat in the sun a couple of days.The hotel is located close to Union square and all the major shops so if you are there to shop it is ideal. We had room service on one evening and it was good but not brilliant, very basic menu. We used the gym which is small but open 24 hours. Should meet everyones needs if they like to use a gym unless the place is full of kids with their parents hogging the 3 treadmills on offer which happened us on two occasions.Valet parking for your car is $48 per day and they only offer valet parking at the hotel.All in all, would not rush back here, did not find the staff overly friendly or welcoming, just functional. Room noise was annoying but no other room available (that's what they told us - we were even willing to upgrade).	
Sep 7 2008 	Excellent stay with a great location	The Westin Market is superbly located right at 3rd and Market, within walking distance of the Museum of Modern Art, Moscone, Yerba Buena, Union Square, the Financial District and much more. The hotel staff is superb. They are friendly, helpful and always there to assist. We got a complimentary upgrade to a suite which was outstanding given we were on vacation with our five month old. The rooms are well appointed, modern and have flat screen TVs. The bed is, as with all Westin beds, excellent. They even have a Heavenly Crib for babies.	
Sep 5 2008 	Westin vs Expedia	We booked in May through Expedia for four people and requesting a room with 2 double beds. We arrived in early August and found they had us in a room with one king size bed. The clerk told us the best they could do was add one rollaway bed (a single) and no other room was available. But since we booked through Expedia, we were told we were &quot;Expedia's customers, not Westin's customers&quot; and we'd have to take it up with Expedia. I argued that regardless of how it was booked, the hotel received info that 4 people were arriving and someone at Westin knowingly put the 4 guests in a room that could only sleep 3. Clerk was apologetic but reiterated that we were Expedia's customers, the hotel was completely booked, and perhaps we could squeeze 3 in the King size bed, or have one person sleep on the floor. While we are extremely upset with Expedia, we are equally disappointed with this Westin for knowingly putting 4 people into a room only capable of sleeping 3.	
Aug 30 2008 	Service on a decline location great	This is the second time I've stayed at the Westin SF Market Street. The first time, it had just opened after its conversion from the Argent Hotel, and I had a terrific experience. They gave me a corner room on the 31st floor with stunning views, and service was prompt and friendly.Location is terrific, as the other reviewers write. But I think the staff is starting to take that for granted: with the exception of the gentleman who checked me in, staff was often surly, unhelpful, and unconcerned, especially the Service Express folks. And it often took 10-12 rings for anyone to pick up.I also had a nearly identical room this time -- same location but on a slightly lower floor. But in the year that has passed, the bathroom (already small) has gotten musty with grout stains, peeling ceiling paint, and runny toilets. The housekeeping was sloppy -- some days I had a bath mat, other days I didn't.As for noise, if you are a light sleeper, bring earplugs. The Westin is right around the corner from the fire station, and sirens run often and loudly. I've also stayed at the W, which is across the street and down one block on 3rd; perhaps that building is better insulated (it's right next door to the fire station!), because I don't recall hearing as much street noise.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great location	We wanted a little luxury with a great location and that's exactly whet we got. Self-parking right accross the street was not cheap but convenient (cheaper than the valet parking offered by the hotel at least). Check in was personable and extremely quick and we were straight up stairs within minutes of arriving; we had paid a slight premium for a city view and were not disappointed with a great view accross to Union Square. The room itself was triangular, which was unusual, but which meant that the amount of window space (therfore the view) was maximised - great by day and night. The decor was modern and attractive, the room was quite spacious and the beds very comfortable with crisp linens; so comfortable in fact that I kept on falling asleep when we were supposed to be heading out! The bathroom was small but okay with nice toiletries and complementary bathrobes. The location of the hotel is excellent; the upscale Westfield Mall is a block away and Union Square three blocks at most with cable cars and the muni right around the corner. SFMOMA is right down the street and convenient for a early start. Some reviewers mentioned being uncomfortable with the area and homeless people being around... This is really not a problem and typical of any modern city (or indeed town) - we came back to the hotel well after midnight and felt perfectly safe as we did throughout the city. Other reviewers have been critical of the Westin's business facilities (internet etc.) but I felt that the hotel offers a great deal for leisure travellers and tourists; much better to be at the heart of the city instead of being stranded at the end of a cable car line in tacky Fisherman's Wharf. We were going to stay at the Argonaut but I'm glad we chose the Westin instead.	
Aug 23 2008 	Excellent value in prime location !	Got a fantastic deal through Expedia (4 nights for the price of 3)and found this hotel to be a perfect location for exploring San Francisco.Our room (2double beds) was spacious,modern and smart , with comfortable beds, flat screen tv, well stocked mini bar and stylish bathroom.The hotel even provides a guide to interesting and well priced cafes/restaurants in the area. 'Mel's drive-in diner '( a truly 50's dining experience with juke boxes) is one not to be missed in Mission St , nearby.Ps Please avoid staying in the truly dreadful Fisherman's Wharf area.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great Location in SFO	We stayed at the Westin for 6 nights in August and I must say that the location of the hotel is excellent for sightseeing and shopping. The rooms are great, fully renovated and very large. Good flat screen and amazing bed. All in all a great hotel for a stay in SF if you donot want to stay at Fisherman´s Wharf (too busy for our taste)	
Aug 18 2008 	Great hotel!	This was a great hotel right in the heart of SF. We were able to take the BART from Oakland airport and we walked about 5 minutes from the station to the hotel. There's a Starbucks right across the street and many other restaurants in the area. The hotel's newly renovated so everything was clean and new. Hotel staff was great.	
Aug 9 2008 	Good locaton	Very good location. Very good room - clean, large and nice flat screen tv.Centrally located and perfect for walking just about everywhere in the city.	
Aug 8 2008 	What a bed!	We stayed just 1 night at the Westin, but wish it could have been longer. The hotel is in a great location, right near lots of shopping and not far from Union Square . I booked a normal room using points and ended up getting a deluxe on the 17th floor. Check-in was a breeze and the desk clerk was extremely friendly. We also asked the Concierge for some wine store recommendations and he was very helpful.The rooms are roomy, bright (thanks to its floor to ceiling windows) and very comfortable. There was a little foyer when you walked in with a lamp, table and closet. The main room had a flat screen TV, King Bed, a desk and 2 sitting chairs with an ottoman. The beds at the Westin are incredible! They are SO comfortable it was hard to leave it in the morning. The room contains a very strong hairdryer as well as a bathrobe. Internet access is about $15 for 24 hours, but across the street is a Peet’s Coffee where if you purchase something, you can ask for a code and have free Wi-Fi for 2 hours, definitely a good deal.Parking is a bit pricey at the hotel and San Fran’s parking meters can be very confusing, however we were able to find an overnight parking meter a few blocks down 3rd Street on one of the side streets by the Moscone Center . I will definitely stay at a Westin again in fact I am in a couple of weeks!	
Aug 8 2008 	Enjoyed the Westin	We enjoyed our 3 night stay at the Westin. We are a family of 4. We checked in on a Friday evening. There was a long line to check in with only 1 employee behind the desk. After 20 minutes in line 2 adnl employees appeared and the line started moving. The hotel was sold out as there was a baseball game in town. We were assigned to a room on the 6th floor with 2 beds. We asked for a higher floor with a view as the kids had never been to San Francisco. We could only do so if we took a king bed, so we opted for a king size room on the 30th floor. The hotel sent up a rollaway(we had an aerobed for adnl child). The view was great! We could see the Bay Bridge and Alcatraz. from the floor to ceiling window. The room was large enough for the 4 of us. We did not check out any of the hotel services. We parked across 3rd street in the deck at the corner of Jesse for $20 per day. Housekeeping was very good. She saw us leave and noticed there were 4 of us in the room. We were left extra shampoo and towels. I asked for extra plastic cups 1 day and they were received. We were able to walk from the hotel to China Town and North Beach. We took a cab to Pier 39 for $8. We thought the location was safe and convenient. We walked to drug store on Market, 7-11 is around the corner. Del Taco is around the corner and SUbway and Ca Pizza are aacross the street on 3rd.	
Aug 6 2008 	Problematic stay	I stayed here in December. A fairly problematic stay. I enjoyed the Palace and Westin St Francis more. But it is OK if you get a cheap rate. Problem 1: Got a corner room with no drawers! Fortunately I was only here for 1 night, so I just lived out of my suitcase. But really.Problem 2: Bed was short-sheeted. This is becoming a common problem at all chains. Housekeeping used a sheet that was too short, so my feet were scraping against scratchy mattress fiber. I had to remake the bed myself. A complaint the next morning at front desk garnered compensatory SPG points. When I asked for late checkout, I was offered 1pm. I had to press for 4pm, which I am entitled to as a Gold member.Problem 3: At check in (late in the evening), I asked for my package. The staff member said to come back tomorrow when the concierge was there. Since the package contained toiletries, I needed it immediately, and only when I pressed did she send a bellman to unlock the concierge's closet and retrieve my package. Problem 4: Rate was 20 dollars higher on the bill than the booked rate. This was solved at checkout.	
Jul 30 2008	nice but parking kills	nice place, cheap (priceline), but parking is $50/day	
Jul 28 2008 	First class experience	My husband, daughter and I stayed at The Westin, Market Place for 3 nights in July of 2008. It was a lovely hotel that I can thoroughly recommend. The hotel gave us an upgrade without us asking and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms are spacious and airy and offer fantastic views over the city. The location was superb and right in the centre of everything. (I don't know why another reviewer said she'd feel unsafe on her own - I certainly wouldn't.) The area is full of tourists and very well lit.In short a wonderful stay and I look foward to coming back in the years to come.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great Location -- Nice Rooms	We stayed here 3 nights in July 2008 while on a family vacation. Westin offered a &quot;stay 3 nights for the price of 2 deal,&quot; and this rate made our time in SF very affordable. The hotel is older, but the rooms have a nice Westin touch. Our room had 2 queen beds which were comfortable, and the room was an adequate size for my family of 4. The location is great -- just a short walk to Union Square, but not on the main square area (so there is less foot traffic).Our complaints about this hotel are minimal. First, our room was near the elevators and they were very noisy at night. We finally turned the A/C on to continuous run to drown out the noise. Second, there really is no comfortable common area in the hotel to relax and spend time.One tip I read about which saved us a lot of money. Parking at the hotel is $49 per day. We parked across the street at the Hearst Parking Garage for $20 per day. Although that lot does not have in/out privileges, and is not open 24 hours per day, that did not matter to us because we did not use our car while in SF.All in all, we enjoyed this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 24 2008 	Poor Service Uncomfortable Beds No Wireless Internet in Lobby	We called a day before we arrived to see if there were any complimentary upgrades available. James the night manager, said he could move us to a corner room with king size bed with a great view.When we check in at 4PM (even though guaranteed check in was at 3PM) the front desk clerk said the room James had reserved for us was not ready and that he had nothing available. The only corner room he had was a queen bed on a lower floor. So he put us into a stanard room and just handed us the keys. With no explaination of the hotel, where the restaurant was When we got to the room, it was small and had a bad view, so I called the &quot;Service Express&quot; line and that person was able to move us into a corner king suite ... just as we had discussed with James. (This was within 5 minutes of us checking in and the room was on the same floor, so we knew they had not just finished cleaning the room.)That night we both woke up at 4AM with back and neck pain. Clearly this was not a &quot;heavenly bed&quot;. Because it was so early in the morning, I was able to call down to the front desk and talk to James. He said that he has heard the complaint before that the beds are not the traditional Westin beds. He offered to move us to a one bedroom suite with a living room for the remainer of our stay. We agreed ... the new room was bigger which was nice, but the bed still was not great.We decided after the first night, that we probably were not going to stay there for all five days we had originally booked. So on Thursday (7/17/08), we asked the concierge about renting a car. They said they had a service (City Rent-A-Car) who would drop off a car for us. We filled out a form, the rental would be for $55/day and the car would be dropped off at 8AM on Sat. 7/19/08. The afternoon of Friday (7/18/09) we stopped by the concierge to confirm the car had been reserved and would be there at 8AM. He said it would and showed me the confirmation fax printout.On Saturday morning, before we checked out I wanted to check my e-mail one more time, as our 24 hour period ran out the night before (which they charge $14.95 for. I took my laptop to the hotel lobby only to find they had no wireless internet in the lobby. The front desk person said I would have to go to the hotel room to use it and pay another $15 even though we would only be using it for 7 - 10 minutes before we checked out.So at 8:10AM, with our room packed up, luggage with us, and being checked out of the hotel, we went down to the lobby expecting to see the car there. It was not there and there was a very long line at the concierge. When I got to talk to the concierge she said the car would be there in 5 minutes because they don't open until 8AM, so we waited ...8:15 no car ... 8:30 no car ... so I went behind the concierge desk pulled the reservation book opened up to our reservation and called them myself. I talked to several people and finally the owner, who said he did not have a reservation for us, he had only a few cars available and the whole city was rented out so we were his only hope ... and by the way, the price doubled.When the owner brought the car, we signed the contract and wrote under it &quot;signed under duress&quot; because he had pulled a bait and switch on us. At which point the owner of City Rent-A-Car took the key, refused to rent us the car, and went to talk to the hotel manager, Jojo. Jojo was no help as he completely took the side of the car rental owner. He hardly spoke english and was not the least bit interested in our side of the story. We rented a car from Enterprise, who picked us up in a Mercedes and we moved on from our vacation ... never to stay at Westin Market Street again.	
Jul 21 2008 	Good experience	Fantastic location to view a wonderful city. Great shopping close by. Get a Travel Pass $20 for 9 days ( cheaper for under 17yo ). Cable cars 400 yards away great experience.Brilliant value for us as we were there for 6 days. Can be used on 5 different types of transport ( but not BART ). If interested in art go to SF Musuem of Modern Art 300 yards away and get a CityPass booklet which costs $54 and includes the travel pass Look it up online and see if you are interested in paying the extra $34. Included was the Aquarium which was good as was the cruise under the bridge. Bike the bridge and take the ferrry back. Go to a Giants baseball game. AT&amp;T Park is 15-20 minutes walk straight down the street from hotel or about 10 minutes on the F maket trolley. I had not been to a baseball game before but I am a sports fan. My daughters ( 17 and 14 ) were not. They loved the experience so much we also went on the BART to Oakland a few days later to catch another game.Book Alcatraz at least a week before you visit. Well worth the money, very interesting.Don't bother with a car , use public transport. We got a car only when leaving SF. Lots of car rental offices about 800 yards away. We travelled south towards LA. If going on a similar trip catch the &quot;Mystery Spot&quot; in Santa Cruz on the way south. Entry $5/person and $5 for parking, well worth it, a great laugh.Found hotel staff helpful. We arrived on evening of 4th July and consierge booked a restaurant for us as he said we may have difficulty getting in somewhere. Eating expensive around Union Square area and found food and drink in hotel expensive.As said elsewhere be carful with bar in room. Charge showed up for when we were checking out but as we had not used anything and there was not a problem taking it off bill.I would stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 20 2008 	Nice location big room good coffee.	My wife and I were happy with this hotel. We were given a big room and had a nice quiet part of the hotel.Location is great and service is ok for a big hotel such as this.	
Jul 18 2008 	Shocking service average facilities	During our trip to the US West Coast, we stayed in San Fran several times at different hotels. Overall, we thought we 'shop' around in terms of hotels: we stayed at the Mandarin Oriental (by far the best hotel with impeccable service and amazing views from the rooms), the Fairmont (grande dame of hotels in San Fran, but really no longer up to scratch with its facilities) and the Westin. First of all, I rang the hotel to confirm that we would get a king size room on the upper floors as set out in our booking. However, upon our arrival (which was at 20.45pm - the hotel was aware of that) we were told that this was impossible and also never confirmed. When I saw the room we got (next to the lifts), I went back down to the lobby and requested a change (which we eventually got after much debate). By 21.30, we unpacked and went to the receptionist (who had been exceptionally rude upon check-in) and asked whether there would be any good restaurants in the area that would still be open (it was a Tuesday night after all). The answer: he did not know (he was the receptionist and concierge at the time!), but there would be a 7/11. Tired of arguing with hotel staff that clearly did not like their job, we went out and around the corner to the Four Seasons where I explained the situation (sorry, should have stayed at your hotel, we are stuck with the Westin now and an incompetent concierge) and their (friendly) concierge pointed out three closeby restaurants which were open and the one we chose was a real hit!I am not going into any further detail of what else happened when we stayed at the Westin (wrong final bill - when I pointed it out, they acted as if it was MY fault that the bill was wrong and they generally could not care less), but it was one of the most irritating hotel stays I have ever had (and I travel around the world a lot as part of my job). As a general rule (by now): when hotels start giving their mattresses or showers special names (heavenly bed or heavenly shower), just stay away from it. A properly good hotel does not need to turn to poetry when describing its facilities!	
Jul 14 2008 	Great location wasn't overwhelmed	Stayed at the Westin Market Street while traveling with family. The hotel location is the best part of this hotel as it allows great access to the publicj transportation lines. The cable cars, street cars and bus lines are all steps away. The neighborhood is also good with surrounding hotels including the Fou Seasons, St Regis, Palace Hotel and the Hotel Palomar. The service was average, not overwhelming but not underwhelming. Our breakast server was very good and attentive to our needs. We arrived back late one night right about closing time for the restaurant and we wanted to order dessert. They allowed us to which was very nice and the desserts themsleves were just OK. I really only had 2 issues with the hotel, we stayed in room 405 and for the entire stay we never had a trash can in the bathroom, only under the desk which is unusual. Also, every night we stayed the room attendant short sheeted the bed by 2 inches. I dno't know if the sheets they buy are too short or if this attendant is making the bed wrong but being six foot five it became annoying to constantly rub your feet on the mattress and mattress pad. Otherwise, the room was well maintained and cleaned consistently, had a great 42 inch flat TV and in room safes. The only other downside would be the bathrooms are on the small side.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great location	We are glad we stayed at the Westin Market Street for our first stay in San Francisco. The location is perfect as a base to tour the city. We were in walking distance to all the fabulous downtown shopping, restaurants and museums. The service was friendly and helpful at the hotel and our room was lovely. I would pick a downtown/Union Square hotel over the Fisherman's Warf location again. Transportation by trolley car or taxi is reasonable and easy to catch in San Francisco. There are so many interesting neighbourhoods that are near the Union Square area to explore. San Francisco is a wonderful city! Do remember to layer dress as the wind can be cool off the bay and the daily temperature was in the 60's when we were there in July.Love to travelEdmonton, Alberta, Canada	
Jul 11 2008 	Good experience overall	My husband and I just returned from our annual vacation and I submit my review because I consult trip advisor religiously myself before planning trips. Hope this is of help to someone!We thought our (10 day) stay at the Westin Market street location was fair for the price. We found a special on Expedia, and the value was good- I believe that it worked out to be around 150$ Canadian, per night, taxes included. I think we likely had the least expensive type of room.The highlights were an EXTREMELY comfortable bed, a great location, and the outdoor terrace located beside the restaurant. The terrace provided a small, quiet haven in the middle of a bustling city and you could order drinks, food, or even bring your own items and enjoy the atmosphere.There is a gym in the hotel and it has enough equipment to provide you with a fair workout while away.We ate at the hotel's restaurant &quot;Ducca&quot; one night and also quite enjoyed that.To elaborate more on the location, we found it very convenient. It's right downtown, with endless great restaurants and the major shopping section just around the corner. Chinatown is also a very short walk away.A short cab ride will take you to the wharf, telegraph hill, Mission Delores, etc.. We are big walkers so we walked to these sites- but they are around a 45 minute walk and more in some cases so not for the weary! Cable cars (as well as other modes of transport) are all around and probably a more fun way of travelling to your chosen site.The only drawback of being in such a central location would be the noise level. Market and 3rd streets are busy - the traffic &amp; the frequent sound of sirens were well heard within our 7th floor room- which faced the street. Maybe a room which doesn't directly face the street might help somewhat. We got used to the noise, and the really comfortable beds do help to encourage restful sleep for the most part.Also- the rooms are not huge but we found them fair enough for our purposes. Lastly, for those looking to vacation in San Fran like we did - I want to mention that we really enjoyed the Alcatraz tour (great audio guide available), a wine tour through Tower Tours (67$ pp 3 wineries &amp; tastings incl), renting a car through Budget car rental (5 minutes walk away on Howard) and driving down the scenic HWY 1 (not to be missed if you have the time), as well as dinner at the Cliff House restaurant overlooking the Pacific. And my last comment is that the Museum of Modern Art is current showing Frida Kahlo's work which was such a pleasant surprise. This museum is literally a 3 minute walk from the hotel.I hope you enjoy your visit to San Francisco as much as we did!	
Jul 9 2008 	Heavenly	They're not kidding with their &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; and &quot;Heavenly Bath&quot; slogans at Westin. And while there's nothing like an awesome bed and bath when you're traveling, it's the other services and amenities that made this property stand out for us.The lobby was beautiful with the mesmerizing scent of what seemed like 100 orchids displayed in the center on a beautiful huge pedestal. The dark wood and marble everywhere was elegant.Our 7th floor room (by request) overlooked Yerba Bueba Gardens and Potrero Hill in the background. We had 2 queen beds for my wife and I plus our two teenage boys. Normally, they tug and push and kick each other, but not this time. The bed was large and comfortable. We all slept great. And the room had plenty of space when we had friends and their kids over for a glass of wine.The concierge and bell staff were knowledgeable and courteous. Housekeeping left extra towels, soaps and shampoos at our request. Everyone was extremely nice.Virgin Mega Store and Old Navy down the block were a hit with the kids. We walked thru Chinatown from the hotel and back. Union Square. Embarcadero. Everything was within walking distance. The only shock was the parking. $60 a day to park a car with the parking fee plus 25% taxes added in. Not to mention tipping the valet every time you took it out. So more like $70 a day for us. But we didn't care. It was such a great hotel stay that we can't wait to go back.	
Jul 2 2008 	Good experience at the Westin on Market Street	Good experience at the Westin on Market Street (although it’s actually on 3rd Street). My fiancé and I stayed in San Francisco for 5 nights in June 2008. Overall the Westin on Market served us well – thought I’ll be the first to admit we don’t spend much time in the hotel room when we travel! Location: Excellent. Right in the hub of Downtown, just off Market Street. Between two BART stations (which I’d recommend for ease of use, speed &amp; low cost from SFO airport). 5 minutes to Union Square, 5 minutes to Westfield Shopping Centre (huge!), 5 minutes to the two major Tourist Tram stops, get the idea? You’ve got buses, streetcars and trams within a few minutes walk that service the majority of the City, and public transport is pretty decent (and relatively cheap) in San Fran so there’s no reason not to use it. You’re also near a number of the big conference venues, as well as the Yerba Buena Gardens – a very pleasant city park! This was our major factor for choosing the hotel and it didn’t disappoint.Amenities / Rooms: We had a standard Queen-bed room on the lower floors, but asking politely at the front desk got us moved up to a higher floor, corner room with nice City views – a good start! Room was well equipped, good TV with plenty of channels, nice bathroom and a very comfy bed. Soap / Shampoo etc all good quality and a free daily USA Today. Our room was a little crowded, but it wasn’t a problem for us. Good quality Starbucks Coffee / Tea, however we had a gripe with the paper cups (it’s a hotel – not a coffee shop!) - it took us 2 days and a couple of conversations with housekeeping before they would bring us proper mugs – not flimsy paper things – though I appreciate the business traveller may want the convenience of coffee to go. The fiancé said the shower wasn’t hot at times, though I never noticed myself. Lastly for international travellers – the hotel doesn’t provide complimentary power adapters, so don’t forget yours from home like we did! The rest of the hotel was very pleasant, nice lobby / lounge area with a fireplace(!) and a good bar – however we didn’t try the restaurant or the gym – so can’t comment there!Service: Everyone at the hotel was great, housekeeping were very pleasant (we had to call for coffee / tea top-ups nearly every day, they only replace the packets once a day) and very quick to respond to requests for extra hangers and the like. As I said the only problem was getting proper mugs instead of paper cups – which did take a few calls to different people before they’d help us! Lastly the Concierge was very pleasant and helpful with the couple of queries we had.General San Fran: Hit the major tourist spots (Alcatraz, Haight Ashbury, Fishermans Wharf, Chinatown etc) as they’re all worth seeing, but book Alcatraz in advance as it sells out often! Nob’s Hill is great for some views down the very steep streets. And lastly we really recommend Yoshi’s for great Japanese food with an excellent Jazz Club to follow – plus you get to see Japan Town that way!	
Jun 13 2008 	Awesome location!!!!	This hotel was in a great location. A half a block to a major transit stop. About 2 blocks to the cable car end of the line station. About 3 blocks to Chinatown or Union square. We had 3 days in San Fran and had no problem getting around the city on transit. Definitely get a transit pass your first day. It is so worth it. This hotel is on the edge of the financial district as well. So if you are there for business this is a great hotel. The majority of the clientele is business travelers. So the restaurant is pretty much empty by 9 am so it worked well for us. We only ate breakfast at the hotel and it was always really good. The concierge was really helpful. Talk to them first about things to see and tours to go on. They will also have a transit map that you can get. This is very helpful! If you want an amazing meal down on Fisherman's Wharf go to Scoma's. This was our favorite meal by far. It is down a back alley off of Fisherman's Wharf at the end of a pier. Go early or make a reservation. We had to wait 15 minutes to get a table. When we were leaving the wait was up to an hour and a half. The wait is well worth it though. The chowder was really really good. Plus it's about a 15minute walk to Ghirardelli Square and an awesome chocolate sundae. All in all, I loved this hotel and city. I would definately recommend it to my friends and i would go back in a heart beat.	
Jun 7 2008 	great location service and clean comfy rooms	Former Argent Hotel. Stayed here 2 nights with family in two queen bed room. Some peeves: arrived, nobody helped with bags from taxi/curb into lobby. Friendly front desk personnel and bellman (yes, saw only one) once inside though. Room was very clean, nice view facing bay, flat panel TV, large-clean comfy beds, large, clean comfy bathroom, large desk. Beware of touching minibar due to sensors, called after touching to make sure wasn't charged. Room w/ safe inside. wireless costs $15 unlimited access per 24 hrs only. nice gym on 4th floor. Business center charges $ for pc/printer use but was free for flight confirmations and printouts only. Museum of Modern Art and Moscone center one block away. Very close to many attractions- Chinatown nearby for good food too. Employees working night shift very courteous, helpful but parking in downtown SFO is ridiculous- about 30-40 per night on top of car rental fees. Checkout was better than arrival since friendly bellmen were available to help this time.	
Jun 6 2008 	This is not what I thought	I was staying for 2 nights (28-29 of APR). The first impression of the building was OK and it has a fantastic location. But when I walk into the lobby for checkin, the unexpected experience started:First: My baggages were unloaded from the taxi by the bell-boy and the trolley which contain my baggages was left in the middle of the lobby unattended and the bell-boy was disappear. There is no tag or paper to state those baggages belongs to...Second: After a unhelpful and slow service provided by the Conciege, I finally got my room key, my baggages still unattended, I decide to unload my baggages from the trolley and carry to my room myself.Third: My package deal should included 2 bottles of water per day and breakfast. However it never show up on thier system and charge us wrongly. It took them ages to correct the invoice during checkout. However, it still over-charge me on my credit card. When I got back to Australia, it took them weeks to correct the adjust the payment on my credit card account.Finally: I have place my baggages into their storage after check out in the morning and continue my final day sight seeing. When I back to hotel and pick up the baggages from their storage from the staff. The staff does not show the appreciation when I gave him tip.I am very easy to please person. But this hotel not worth the name and way below standard....	
Jun 5 2008	What You'd Expect from Westin...	I booked the Westin because I'm a Starwood Preferred Guest member and they were offering a promotional deal at the time. It seemed a tad less touristy than the one in Union Square although I was a little skeptical since Westin had just bought the old Argent hotel and they were still fixing it up a little. The hotel's location on Market Street is great. Just a few blocks south of Union Square and within easy walking distance. The BART is two blocks away and there are tons of bus stops on Market so transportation is easy to come by. Walgreens is across the street from the hotel on Market and there's a Starbucks AND a Peet's on Third (the hotel is at the corner of Market and Third) so you can take your pick in the morning! (You can make complimentary tea or Starbucks coffee in your room via your coffee machine - they even provide the to-go paper cups and lids - but for fancier drinks you can visit the coffee house.) The SFMOMA and Moscone Center is also 2 blocks away on Third.The room itself was nice and offered the typical Westin amenities - heavenly bed, bath, etc. It wasn't huge, but not too cramped, either. There was a nice wide flat-screen tv, working desk, and mini bar. They've redecorated, but I could still see bits of the former hotel lingering (the sign on the fridge still says, &quot;Argent&quot;).I had one small issue with the hotel, but it was cleared up with no problems. Westin provides a few snack bar items in a metal basket that they place on top of the dresser. I moved them to make room for my stuff. Unfortunately, each item had a weight sensor so of course I was charged for everything in the basket. I explained and Ken at the front desk was super nice and had all charges removed ASAP. I don't think I've ever had service issues with any of the Starwood hotels. :)	
May 28 2008 	Great Service at The Westin!	My best friend's parents treated us to a weekend in San Francisco to celebrate her college graduation. When I found out we were staying at the Westin I kept quite about my horrible past experience with the Westin in Los Angeles. I didn't want to upset anyone as I was lucky to be on this trip for free. I was hoping this Westin would fare better than the one in Los Angeles, and thankfully it did! Personally I did not have any complaints! The rooms were spacious with great views. Flat screen t.v.'s were in every room as promised, unlike the L.A. Westin. The hotel staff was very nice and accomodating. When we removed items from the mini bar to store our food in we simply called down when we were checking out and told them to please remove the items from the bill that we had put everything back, and it was done, no questions asked! I think the only small complaint might be that my friends parents rooms smelled like smoke even when the requested a no smoking room. But other than that things were great! The concierege was extremely helpful as well arranging a car service for my friend and printing her boarding pass for her! We also tried the restaurat, Decca??, I think. The food was amazing! A bit overpriced but very good. They have fancy names for everything but if you ask the waiter they will put it in lamens terms for you. I had the burger which was delish! Especially the special fries that come with it! There were a couple of complaints that the service was a bit slow but I personally didn't experience any of that. When I blistered my feet from walking around all day I left a message for the concierege asking for band-aids and within 20 min. there was a knock on my door with a man holding band-aids for me on the other side. The same thing happened when my friend forgot her toothbrush! They brought up a toothbrush and toothpaste within minutes! And even if they didn't have a certain item they didn't tell you where you could get it, they went out and got it for you! My friend's mom asked for something they didn't carry (I can't remember what exactly it was) but they said they would run down to the local Walgreens and pick it up for her and asked if there was anything else she needed...(she asked them to get her a green tea since they were over there). It was awesome! My impression of The Westin has much improved since my last stay at one!	
May 25 2008 	Nice all around Westin	Stayed at the Westin Market Street for two nights while visiting SF on vacation. Several nice things about the hotel..Location - can walk to many of the key areas in SF... all the shops on Market Square and around Union Square... 20 min walk to AT&amp;T Park, walking distance to the Powell street cable car line...We were given a king sized room at the end of the hallway with floor to ceiling windows throughout the entire room facing directly East. Nice views.. Room was a tad on the small side though, but can't complain. Bathroom was a good size with all the goodies, but didnt have the usual heavenly shower I've been accostomed to while staying at Westins.Plenty of pillows.. and comfortable bed - standard for Westins.Staff was friendly throughout our stay and with any questions we had. Were awoken from time to time with door banging and the high pitched &quot;Housekeeping&quot; from the maids, which was odd considering we were at the end of the hallway, and actually went through another door to get to our room. All in all, would recommend staying at this hotel - we did alot of research of the hotels in the area, and for our rate (~$200), cannot complain one bit.	
May 23 2008 	iffy cleanliness	we stayed for a couple of nights...great location for downtown,floor to ceiling dual aspect windows were great that we had(room at the end of a corridor on the higher floors)but the room was pretty small for a kingsize,the toilet was malfunctioning repeatedly and there was a lot of tapping,knocking,and other irritating noises throughout the night(sounded like mice!?).In addition the cleaning of the rooms was poor...we had rubbish from the previous occupyer left in the drawers and wardrobes,and coffee cups etc weren't replenished.We realise it is a busy hotel and san fran is expensive but for the rates paid for the rooms, you'd expect a slightly better standard,wherever you stay.	
May 23 2008 	great location	We booked 4 &quot;traditional&quot; rooms (floors 4, 6,7) for 5 nights for 8 people aged 19-82 years. The location is excellent for tourists as described in recent reviews. Half our group took the airport shuttle while others used BART to get to the hotel. Easy access to BART from SFO- and 10 minute slow stroll (not up steep incline) to the hotel from Montgomery BART station. (Best to have exact fare for the BART ticket machines-limited change given)The rooms with two queen beds were spacious. The room with one king bed was tiny and cramped. Book a two-bed room-its the same price. Obviously, there are noisy, windy rooms but our rooms were very clean and quiet, despite the wind. Rooms were located away from the elevators, midway down the hall, not in an alcove. No view except for the rooms on the 7th floor. The hotel is not pet-free. Members of our group have allergies and we were lucky that no one reacted to any dander that may have been left behind. We asked for non-feather bedding. Did not eat in hotel. Used gym daily-great facility. Front desk personnel varied greatly in friendliness and helpfulness. Used public transport daily. Best bargain was the $10 (monthly) seniors' pass-bought at Walgreens on Market Street (about 1 block from hotel) and 3-day adult pass-bought at visitor's center on Powell St. (or any station). Lots of bus stops on Third street or Market street (1/2 block away). Catch the F-line antique street cars on Market St. to Ferry Bldg/Fisherman's wharf or stroll 10 minutes to the Powell street cable car. #71 bus (stops on Market Street) goes directly to Haight-Ashbury and Golden Gate Park.Food: Teens liked the BBQ chicken pizza at California Pizza across street from hotel. Try the upscale food court at Westfield Centre on Powell and Market. Mistral Rotisserie Provencale (check their website) at the Ferry Bldg serves well-seasoned lamb, duck , beef and pork dishes for under $12.00 for combo plate. We got there just before closing so seating for 8 was not a problem, and got huge portions. Chinatown tips-for a traditional experience, avoid restaurants that have a greeter. Look for a place with a lot of locals. After souvenir shopping on Grant Ave, go along Stockton Ave. Excellent egg custard tarts at Cafe Honolulu (between Post and Clay) and directly across the street, tiny You's Dim Sum serves OK dim sum-their $1 congee was OK too. Red Blossom tea house on Grant was fun (buy their tea). Scoma's on Pier 47-mediocre /expensive food but big portions. crab cakes were good (share your meal)-no seating problem at 5 pm. Had to have chocolate ice cream sundaes at Ghirardelli square. Lunch at Trattoria Pinocchio in North Beach-homemade pasta/sauces and desserts-20 minute walk from hotel along Kearney to Columbus(easy walk for the 82 year old).Would stay at Westin again because of location and as long as standard rooms are under $160.00/night.	
May 17 2008 	Definitely Heavenly	My husband and I planned a last minute getaway to San Francisco last weekend and it was great! We chose the Westin because 1)we've never stayed in a super nice hotel and 2)the price was too good to pass up - 159 per night! We booked the 'traditional king, non-smoking, heavenly bed and bath' online. When we got to the hotel, they offered to upgrade us to a higher floor (27th) at no extra charge - but it would be a queen. We took the upgrade, got up to the room (2726) and the view was awesome! But the room was too small so we called the desk and asked to be put in a king and it was as simple as that. We were on the 14th floor and the view was still great.The hotel is located on 3rd Street and it wasn't really noisy. We had a partial view of the Bay Bridge and witnessed a few sunrises - beautiful! The gym is on the 4th floor and only accessed with the key card. I didn't check it out but my husband was pleased. Internet is available at 15 a day. Parking is 46 a day PLUS 7 bucks in taxes OUCH. But it's like a 5 minute walk to the cable cars and the BART so it's definitely a great location. We also walked to AT&amp;T Park on Friday night and it was maybe a 20 minute walk. We had a great experience - the staff were all friendly, from the Valet to the doorman to the front desk. We didn't take advantage of the 24 hour room service but we'll be back so we will then.	
May 12 2008	Great location location near Moscone	The Westin is in a great location about two blocks from Moscone Convention Center. Rooms are tad bit small. Although bath and entry are quite large. It must be the width of the room as a king eats up all the space. Great LCD and traditional Westin features. Views from higher floors are good.	
May 11 2008 	Loved this hotel......great experience.......	Stayed here on our honeymoon for two evenings before heading to other parts of California. (actually, in 2002, not 2003) Originally booked other hotel, but upon arrival, realized it was in a HORRIBLE section of SF, and so we drove around and happened upon the Argent. They were so nice, and did everything to reassure us about our trip and SF. They helped us organize activities and transportation to and from those activities. Would return again in a heartbeat.	
May 7 2008 	Great Hotel	This was my second stay at the Westin Market Street and once again I was very happy. I booked through Hotwire, having to make two separate reservations for a weekend visit. The desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful, always smiling and eager to be of assistance - and didn't seem put-out when I requested a late check out. Got one of the odd-shaped corner rooms, but all the windows were wonderful. I love the clean, contemporary decor, and the location is excellent. I will definitely try to stay at this hotel whenever I visit San Francisco.	
May 6 2008 	Good In Parts..	Booked the Westin with Expedia and paid extra for a &quot;Grand Deluxe&quot; room. the rooms get more expensive the higher up you go and a Grand Deluxe was described as being between floors 14 and 26. We particularly wanted to be as high as possible (within our budget) and overlooking the city skyline.We arrived around 8pm and upon checking in asked to be put as high up as possible. The receptionist told us he had a room on the 32nd floor as someone hadnt turned up and it was now available. We were delighted, he tapped away on the computer and gave us our keys.... for a room on the 14th! I challenged this and asked about the room he had just mentioned on floor 32 and he said he couldnt give us that as it was allocated to another guest and assured us that he had given us one of the best rooms in the hotel. Too tired to argue, we accepted.The room on floor 14 overlooked the Yerba Buena gardens and a ground level building site which is immediately behind the hotel. Beds were fine, but the shower curtain was hanging off the rail and the water level in the toilet bowl was so high that you almost got wet when you sat on the loo! there was only one bathrobe supplied and the towels were a bit on the sparse side. We stayed there for the night and tried again at reception the following morning. We were told to leave our packed cases in the room and they would be moved to an alternative room by the time we came back from sightseeing in the afternoon.You guessed it, we came back around 4pm, asked at the desk and clearly nothing had been done. We were found a room on floor 26 but had to move our own luggage which I thought was a bit much given that the foyer is swarming with door staff, cocierges and bell boys! Overall the reception staff were a bit aloof... not the sort of service i was expecting really.The new room was identical to the other one, just higher up. The bathroom was in a better condition but still only one robe was supplied and again the number of towels seemed rather mean. We never got our city skyline views, bit the view from the back of the hotel over the Yerba Buena gardens, Moscone Centre and the bay in the distance was nice.We experienced the creaking of the hotel later in the week when the wind was really high (mentioned by another reviewer) but it wasnt an issue at all and not loud enough to disturb. We also experienced the fire alarm but were allowed to stay in our room until the hotel had checked it out and we were told it was a false alarm due to a problem in the garage. All of this was done over a PA system in the room.. very efficient and we were pleased not to have to walk down 26 flights.We didnt use the restaurent, way too expensive for anyone not on a business expense account! Breakfast items were individually priced and franky outrageous. There is a starbucks, a pizza restaurent, a Subway and a well stocked deli immediately outside the hotel so getting supplies to use in the room room isnt a problem. The mini bar is overpriced as is usually the case with hotels.The day before we left, i asked the guy who looked after the door how much time to allow for a cab to get to the airport during rush hour. He asked when we were leaving and said he would be on the door and would arrange for us to use the hotel limo as it was free. I took this to mean it was complimentary but when we arrived at the airport we were told the fare was 40 dollars! Thats more than a cab and I felt we had been misled somewhat. Beware if you are offered this service. It was nice to travel in style but you'll pay extra for it.So, positives:Great locationComfortable beds - and you can have a change of bedlinen every day if you want it.Fire alarm handled well.NegativesReception staff aloof and not very efficientProblems with initial check in and subsequent moveCharges for limo service not made clear.Breakfast prices outrageous.Overall, it was fine but I would look for an alternative hotel next time I visit.	
May 5 2008 	Great location but lacking...	My wife and I stayed at the Westin, Market Street about 2.5 weeks ago over the weekend. The main reason I chose to stay there was a) the great location for shopping, and b) the decent/above average reviews on TA, and c) because I'm an SPG Gold Member. I went ahead and booked a Deluxe King Corner Room thinking that sounded pretty nice and a definite upgrade on the standard Kings..boy was I wrong.Let me back up though. Indeed the Westin is very well positioned just off Market Street on 5th. It's a great spot not only to head out shopping for the day but also is a little less scary then a few blocks north up towards the Tenderloin (where a number of big chain hotels are.) The building itself is modern and the lobby is clean and functional. We were checked in and recognised as Gold Members and everything seemed to be fine.Unfortunately when we got to the room we discovered that our 'upgraded' Deluxe Corner room was certainly not on the corner and looked like a standard King at best. I immediately went down to the front desk to only be told that I not only was in an upgraded room, but this room was an upgrade on the one I'd booked! After many discussions and the usual 'we're booked solid so can't move you' routine, we let it go. TIP: Be sure to triple check the room type you want/book..it is very easy to be fooled into thinking you're getting more then you are!This being said the room was fine and clean, although the bathroom was hardly what I'd called 'upgraded' and certainly not up to the dozens of Westins I've stayed in around the world. The gym was decent although small, but the bar downstairs was lively on the Saturday night and the staff fantastic.Overall the stay was decent but certainly below expectations for this price point and this chain. Redefined what a &quot;room upgrade&quot; means!	
May 4 2008 	NEVER stay at this hotel!	The Westin Hotel at market street is a hotel to avoid at ALL costs.Its a very very very OLD Hotel which the Westin have taken over off another chain and i wish they hadn't!Its possibly the worst stay and hotel i have ever stayed in.The Hotel shakes,rattles and rolls in wind....YES...the whole building makes strange noises and if like me you are a light sleeper,you cannot sleep through it.Hotels explaination is all Hotels in SF are old and they all shake,rattle and roll.The Hotel completely refunded my stay to their credit although even this required follow up by me to get all of the credit due.And such a shame as location is good and some of the staff were lovely except for the Night Manager who should be sacked.The lady manager who helped me at 6am in the morning was lovely and was understanding saying many people were complaining of the same thing.Stay at this hotel at your own peril!!!!!!!!!!I moved to the Hyatt Regency in SF and that Hotel was great!I am sorry Westin but this Hotel should be shut down!And i have not even started on the rooms.Just do NOT stay there!	
Apr 29 2008	Nice room in great location	My husband and I stayed here for four nights after booking through Hotwire. The location is excellent, between Union Square and Moscone Center, and one block from the subway. Someone complained about noise in a review, but if you're staying in the heart of a big city how can you possibly expect it to be quiet? We were on the 9th floor, so we didn't hear too much noise anyway. Our room was spacious, nicely furnished, and the mattress was very comfortable. The bed linens were of good quality and there was a down comforter. The room had the usual amenities (coffee maker, iron and ironing board, hair dryer) and the towels were thick. My only complaint is that the bathroom (the room that contains the toilet and bathtub--the sink was in an alcove outside the bathroom) was extremely tiny. I literally had to move my body sideways to get the door open from the inside or there would have been no room to open the door without smashing it in my face. We had a corner room, so perhaps the bathroom in those rooms is smaller. Also, there were no towel racks by the sink so we had to leave our hand towels on the counter. Otherwise we were happy with the room.When we received our bill under the door, we saw that we were charged $20 to receive two packages. These fees had not been disclosed, so we complained upon checkout and the front desk clerk removed the fee without an argument. Internet access is $15 per day from your room. The business center fees are steep, but you can print your airline boarding passes for free.Overall, the service was good. The concierge recommended an excellent (though expensive) seafood restaurant in the area called Farollan. (I don't think I'm spelling it correctly...), and the bell desk got us a taxi to take us to the airport (it's cheaper than taking the house car, which is a limo) in the morning. Our Hotwire rate for this property was $139 a night, which is very inexpensive for San Francisco. The regular rate is around $350 a night, which is way too expensive for us, but if I got this property again on Hotwire or Priceline I would be happy.	
Apr 28 2008 	Windy Westin	My girlfriend and I stayed in the Westin for a few days (4/19-4/22) during our recent trip to San Francisco. The hotel is in good condition and the rooms are small (but definitely reasonable). Unfortunately, when we were there it was exceptionally windy. This wind caused the hotel to literally creek, moan and make endless amounts of noise. It was really crazy. We called the front desk to explain the situation. They were not willing to give us another room. I gave it some more time and the noises still didn't stop. As a result, I went to discuss the situation with the front desk. The man at the desk was understanding and helpful. He gave us another room and there was (thankfully) no more noise issues. . .that is, until that night. . .the fire alarm went off later that evening. A series of announcements followed and we were told that there was an issue in the garage, but not to worry. These things happen, but it was just the cherry on the top of a loud day.Overall, the hotel is nice, the service was decent, but I would not stay there again. There are so many hotels in and around Union Square that I'd just assume try somewhere else.	
Apr 27 2008 	Excellent Location; Nice Property	I stayed at the Westin SF Market Street while attending a three day conference at that hotel. In contrast to the Westin St. Francis, not too many blocks away, the Westin SF Market Street feels like a smaller, boutique hotel (even though it is 36 floors high) emphasizing a more modern, cutting edge style. I enjoyed my stay immensely and will try to use this as my hotel of choice in San Francisco.ADVANTAGES:1) Great location one block off of Market Street at the Kearny/3rd St and Market intersection. Union Square is an easy walk going North across Market St., and Moscone Center/SFMOMA one block in the other direction. BART is two blocks away, making access to the Westin easy to from SFO.2) Spacious rooms (mine was 3603--top floor with a view looking South) with all the appropriate accessories including HD screen and fantastically comfortable Heavenly Bed.3) Very well equipped 24 hour fitness center with five treadmills, three ellipticals, three cycles, and various weight equipment. All have built-in video monitors and headphones are provided. Fitness center is complimentary, which is a distinct difference from the Westin St. Francis where there is a fairly steep daily charge.4) Excellent service--my HD display wasn't working the day I arrived, and a call to &quot;service express&quot; brought an engineer within 5 minutes. He tightened a connection and ran through with me how to navigate the screen menu. Very helpful and friendly!5) DUCCA Restaurant in the hotel is fabulous! Cool, hip setting (e.g. clusters of whimsical and colorful Murano glass chandeliers) with a menu emphasizing seafood--and reasonably priced with entrees in the $20-25 range. Cocktails that must be double-sized: My Bombay Sapphire martini was enormous!DISADVANTAGES:1) Bathroom is rather small (but the glass-enclosed shower is cool!),.2) Wireless internet access (somewhat slow) is $15/day.3) Minibar and items in the open all mounted on a sensing platform that automatically charges your account if you so much as pick up an item. I was afraid to even touch them! A notice gratuitously states that the automatic charge is for your convenience! (Sounds just like airline doublespeak).Overall, in my mind the advantages far outweigh the few negaives.	
Apr 22 2008 	Bad Customer Service	Stayed there for business. Gave them a CC for incidentals, but charged entire room amount to my card, plus $120 extra. The reason? I received two answers, first, we were told the woman who checked us in was &quot;in training&quot; and did everything wrong. Secondly, they said &quot;it wasn't our fault you didn't fill out the paperwork.&quot; Prior to checking in, they hadn't sent any paperwork to our company, nor did they ask for any when we checked in. Since then, we've called to rectify and have since gotten the run around about getting the charges reversed. It's a beautiful hotel, and normally, I would give them an excellent rating, but since having gone through this experience, I don't think our company will be staying there any longer.	
Apr 22 2008	Good Stay at the Westin	Stayed at the Westin Market Street on Valentine's Day 2008 and hotel stay was perfect. Newly renovated room was spotlessly clean, very nice modern furnishings, floor-to-ceiling windows with great views, comfortable &quot;heavenly&quot; bed and had good amenities for both leisure and business travelers, except Internet for a fee. Location is good &amp; very easy walking to MOMA and shopping. Did not use room service or restaurant, so no comment. All staff was friendly, polite and accommodating. Would definitely stay again and recommend to my friends.	
Apr 20 2008 	Not Impressed...Stayed at Better Hotels	It seems the hotel was fully booked the first week of April and the only room I could get was on the 4th floor. I requested a higher floor but was told nothing was going to open for a few days. We did arrive early and was accomodated with rooms. The hotel was average, nothing spectacular about it. I am not much of a person to spend time in a hotel anyway especially when in San Francisco. The room was noisy from the street sirens and the view wasn't great. Higher floor rooms are probably better. It was clean and the housekeeping service was great (be sure to tip them.) I didn't use room service but the room beside me used it constantly and the doors banging closed were extremely loud.The location was good...go get the muni pass for $24 for 7 days. You can ride on anything except Bart all week. Overall, I would say this hotel was okay if you can get a reasonable rate.	
Apr 17 2008 	Great New WI in SFO	I was very pleased with this hotel. In a bit of confusion thought, I had confirmed the Westin St Francis. I stayed at the hotel when it was the LArgent. I was impressed with the Westin takeover . The valet let me park my rental car in the front, while I checked in. The front desk was very professional, helpful and friendly, when US Airways vacations failed to confirm our room. There was no wait, arguement or problem. The room was spacious, had a great view and quiet. The in room coffee was great. We ate breakfast in the hotel and the food was excellent. The price was typical for a hotel stay on the expensive side. The gym was large and had several types of equipment. It was stocked with towels and has a great set of weights. The location is great it is a 2 minute walk from the cable cars and Union Square. There is allot of great shopping near the hotel. There was only small concern, I rented a car as I took a day trip to Carmel. Parking is a nightmare in downtown SFO. The hotel charged $40.00 per night. The valet was kind enough to advise a city parking garage next door to the hotel that charged only $28 dollars per day. It was my own fault, since a car is not a necessity in San Francisco. This is a welcome addtion to the Starwood family	
Apr 11 2008 	Beware the Fees!	I was at the hotel for a conference at Moscone Center earlier this week. Generally the hotel gets high marks for location, cleanliness, design/decor, service, etc. However, the fees they charge are borderline outlandish. Examples:1. Internet Service - $15 per day. Should be free. Max I've seen anywhere is $10 per day.2. &quot;Package Handling&quot; Fee - Charged me $15 simply to receive a FedEx package at the concierge desk. Outrageous. Sort of like American Airlines charging to use Skycaps, except worse at $10 per bag. Tips only please.3. Business Center - Charged something like $1.50 per page for black and white printouts. Go across the street to the copy center.4. Bottled Water - $4 for a mini bottle at the mini-bar, no freebie offered. Would be a nice, and inexpensive, touch to offer at least one decent bottle free. Competitors do it. Go next door to the nice little deli mart and pick up a 2 liter bottle for $2.Apart from the fees, the other little nuisance is their booking policies. I could not book a room a week early directly with Westin because they were sold out. However, I could book through Expedia, so clearly they are selling blocks of rooms to Expedia (confirmed by front desk). It is fine, or even wise, for a hotel to do this to guarantee occupancy. However, they go the extra, and offensive, step here by using these Expedia blocks to manage their placement of guests. They could not give me a King Bed room despite the fact that I had selected a higher &quot;premium&quot; room with a King Bed and paid more than the basic room. They also placed me near roaring elevators claiming there were no other rooms. When I resisted on both fronts, they essentially said &quot;don't blame us, blame Expedia - room types are not guaranteed through Expedia&quot;.It's one thing to sell room blocks to manage occupancy, quite another to willingly sell rooms off to a third party, forcing others to book through that third party because you are sold out, and then blame the third party for their own lack of proper inventory management.Notably, after more fuss, a quieter room away from the elevators magically appeared.	
Apr 10 2008	My Personal Choice for SF	Location is right off 3rd and Market St. Right in the Financial district. Easily accessible to the BART stations, shopping in the Union Square area and the restaurants and arts in the SOMA area. Rooms were very clean and crisp. Beds are great. Furnishing is simple and modern. Businessy to Chic. Bathrooms were above average.	
Apr 3 2008	great hotel great location!	i've stayed at this hotel multiple times. the last time was with a group of girlfriends~ we had a blast. the location is great for walking to the westfield mall and union sqaure. the room is very nice and there always seems to be a great room offer!	
Mar 31 2008 	Great for business travel	This hotel has been tuned to the business traveler - ergonomic work chair, wifi (although for a fee), good lighting, plenty of outlets, etc. The Heavenly beds are fantastic and the room was pretty spacious. It's easy to get a cab out front or walk easily to many nearby attractions. The front desk staff was courteous and quick. Overall, a pleasant stay.	
Mar 30 2008 	Wonderful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I wanted to let you know what a wonderful stay we had at your Westin Hotel on 50 third St. You have a wonderful staff and wonderful accomidations. Out of all the hotels I've stayed in yours is by far the best. Thank you. Keep it up. Best, E. Rothwell	
Mar 30 2008 	Excellent hotel	Everyone of the hotel staff is excellent, surpass expectations. Room was fabulous, exactly as I requested. Very modern, cheery, location was perfect !! Highly recommended!!	
Mar 25 2008 	Overpriced and behind the times	The Westin Market Street in San Francisco is a nice enough hotel, but the first thing you discover is that much of the stuff that normally comes included with your room at other hotels, costs extra at the Westin and this quickly starts to leave a sour taste in the mouth. Breakfast is not included with the room and the menu prices are horrendous - $8 for a bowl of Special K! The Wi-Fi service offered by the hotel is also extra - $15 a day for a pretty slow connection with an awkward and clunky login procedure. This, in combination with the lack of electrical outlets in the room make this hotel seem very behind the times when you consider all the electronics that the typical business or even personal traveler might carry nowadays. In this day and age, Wi-Fi in most places is pretty much a necessity like running water in the bathroom and hotels that keep charging for it as if it were some great luxury, simply brand themselves as dinosaurs. The rooms at the Westin are comfortable but bland and impersonal. The Westin charges a very upscale rate for a hotel that has few distinguishing amenities - not even a pool for example - and their policy of pricing extra for all the stuff that other hotels give you with the room, definitely left us feeling somewhat disappointed.	
Mar 21 2008	Convenient and Comfortable	I would like to extend my sympathy to the previous reviewers whose reservations were canceled by this hotel; if future travelers are planning to stay here I suggest calling the Westin Market Street three days prior to your arrival as a precaution.My mother and I stayed here for her birthday trip and (other than the aforementioned acknowledgement) were very pleased with this hotel. The location is great for those planning on visiting the Union Square area, shopping on Market Street, and reaching Fisherman's Wharf within a ten-fifteen minute cab ride. China Town and North Beach are also a short commute away. However, the name of this hotel is misleading: the building (and entrance) is located on THIRD STREET less than half a block off of Market. On account of my mom's birthday we were upgraded to a thirty-second floor bay-view room which was very comfortable. The posh beds, plasma TV, and easy-to-use coffee maker with Starbucks coffee were all impressive, not to mention the view. Unfortunately the tub did not drain properly and one had to shower standing in two inches of water; so I do not rate this hotel as excellent. We tried the restaurant, Ducca, once for a breakfast buffet; at $22.50 per person I suggest either ordering a la carte or simply going elsewhere as the buffet is overpriced for the food selection (limited hot selection and fruit). There are plenty of cafes and restaurants within walking distance, including several Starbucks stores. Overall I would recommend this hotel based on my experience but am concerned that the reservation cancellations noted by previous reviewers may be a typical occurrence. Call to confirm your reservations a few days before arrival if you do decide to book!	
Mar 20 2008 	Converted from another hotel - needs more work	This hotel was converted from another hotel brand within the last 18 -24 months or so. However, it did not feel like a Westin - from the rude front desk staff to the lack of helpful doormen, the service at this Westin was really lacking and not up to par with other Westins - I suspect this is one of those licensed properties and not under the direct control of Starwood. This is reflected in the standards of service which were low. The room was ok - i was on a high floor as a Starwood Platinum. LCD TV in the room, nice bed, and individual coffee maker was nice. Bathroom was small, and wireless internet was always weak signal the entire time, and it kept disconnecting. When you pay $14 or so, you expect that the signal is strong and that it doesnt keep dropping you. I had to ask for the toiletries to be replaced since the maid didnt replenish shampoo or shower gel. Room service menu is limited and expensive - plenty of nearby restaurants thankfully. Location of the hotel is great as long as you dont expect the staff to go out of its way to help you. Have already changed my future reservations for San Francisco to stay elsewhere.	
Mar 19 2008 	cancelled without notice or negotiation	&quot;Your reservation was cancelled.&quot; This was the greeting we and many others suffered on arrival at the front desk of the SF Westin Market street property. We were in SF for a professional meeting that I had scheduled in September; we reserved and paid in full for our room on Sepember 30th through WWTE (an Expedia affiliate). We were told that the Hotel had decided to cancel resevations &quot;randomly, based on use paterns&quot; due to a overbooking situation that they claimed was due to a &quot;technical error&quot;.Tthey had informed Expedia of the cancelations expecting them to notify those cancelled. The hotel had overbooked 60-80 rooms and did not discover it untill a week or two prior to the meeting.The Hotel denied any responsibility for notifying us of their decision, nor did they feel the situation was up for negotiation even though they had accepted payment in full over five months earlier. We were left at the front desk with the offer of alternative housing at an airport area hotel for the same price, 30-45 minutes away. There was no negotiation for us, just &quot;I'm sorry, there is nothing else we can do, you have been cancelled and reassigned to the airport hotel;we may offer you a complimentry one night stay here in the future&quot;. We were not alone in this situatuion as others came from a great distance and got the same message, some from the UK that had no other options but to accept such poor treatment. We were all informed at the front desk and left in the lobby; we were abandonded and disrespected by the management of this hotel. They let their front desk people do the painful task of informing the guests of their decision and then taking the reaction in a public place while they sat in thier offices. We have stayed at many Starwood properties in the past (including this specific hotel in December 07) and have been pleased with their quality and service, but his was our worst travel experience .	
Mar 16 2008 	Great but Expensive	The location is fantastic; the rooms are chic. The bar is a happening place (or at least it was on a Saturday nightt). I particularly liked the room off the lobby where one can sit and relax. The restaurant seemed reasonably priced ($20 for mains, $9/$7 for entrees). BUT I think USD9 for bottled water is excessive (goodness, the wine was only USD10 a glass).  The service is efficient but disinterested. Having just come from the Affinia Dumont (NYC), perhaps I have been a bit too spoiled--the staff there really went out of their way to assist. Okay the negatives. The 24 hour business center charges before one can even log on--I didn't bother so I have no idea what the costs are. The $15 per day internet charge is not good, especially as it wasn't wireless--even though the front desk assured me it was. All hotels in this price range should not charge for internet. I just stayed in a Hilton where ALL business services were free. Overall, the nickel and dime-ing just plain bugged me. And I wasn't the only one...someone in the elevator was suggesting to others a hotspot for some free wireless time. I will stay again but only if I can get a good deal -- I certainly wouldn't pay more than $300 per night--it's just not that special.	
Mar 12 2008 	Good value	Stayed here for one night on business in February 2008. Having previously stayed at the Westin St Francis on Union Square I noticed that the Market Street Westin wasn't as well located, and on a Thursday night the walk from the hotel to the Westfield mall passed by a few unsavoury characters on Market Street!Still, the location is very handy to the shopping on Market Street, the cable car, and about 5 mins to Union Square and this Westin is less expensive than the St Francis.My room was #619 and even through the double glazing I could hear the hum of the large air-conditioning units outside on the roof a few floors down. If you are a light sleeper, this could bother you.The room was a good size (dominated by a huge plasma tv) however the bathroom was very small. The bed was incredibly comfortable. From a business perspective the desk was nice and large with a proper ergonomic desk chair. Internet access was about $15/day.I ordered room service breakfast for 6am (the earliest time that they cater to) and was disappointed to be told that I wouldn't be able to have oatmeal as it was only available after 6.15am. As I was leaving for the airport about that time, I ordered muesli instead - but was delighted the next morning to get my breakfast delivered 15 mins early AND a hot bowl of oatmeal. A small favour perhaps, but it felt like personalised treatment and I appreciated the extra effort from the staff.	
Mar 4 2008 	They Cancelled My Confirmed Pre-Paid Reservation 3 Days Before I Arrived	I know what you're thinking. That can't be possible. Well I would never have thought a hotel (especially a 4-star Westin) would act in such a sleazy manner, but it is 100% true.I booked my stay over two months in advance and pre-paid my reservation. I received a reservation and a confirmation number from the hotel. Then, two days before my arrival when I called the hotel as a courtesy to inform them I would be arriving late, they said my reservation was cancelled. When I pressed for how this could happen, I was told that the hotel was overbooked and there was nothing they could do to accomodate me. Making matters even worse is the fact that the hotel did not even call me to let me know they cancelled me. They were perfectly content to let me fly six hours to San Francisco and arrive at midnight only to then tell me I had no place to stay.It is painfully obvious that they cancelled my reservation because I was at a less expensive rate (since I booked two months early) than what they could get from someone else booking last-minute. I am still in shock by their actions and by there total disregard of customer service, including their refusal to do anything to accomodate me (such as finding a room in a nearby hotel). Beware if you book with Westin...you might not have a room when you show up!	
Feb 29 2008	Great hotel and location	The Westin Market street is probably my favorite among the W Hotel, Westin St Francis, Grand Hyatt, and Palace Hotel in San Francisco. It has nice, modern, clean rooms,. It is next to Market Street, near Yerba Buena gardens and a short walk from the Financial / Embarcadero area. The staff is friendly and helpful. The workout facility is clean and has plenty of equipment so that you shouldn't need to go elsewhere for a workout. The XYZ restaurant at the W Hotel nearby is a better dining option than the Westin hotel itself.	
Feb 27 2008	Great Place To Stay	While traveling to San Francisco on business I stayed at the Westin on Market Street. This hotel was extremely clean and the staff was great. It was well within walking distance from China Town and the office. The only complaint was that I had to pay for internet access. For the price, internet should have been included.	
Feb 22 2008 	Great experience	We stayed at the Westin Market St. over Presidents' Day weekend. We'd asked for adjoining or connecting rooms, but were upgraded to a suite and adjoining king at the end of a hall. There was absolutely no noise from rooms next to or above us, and the only street noise was the fire trucks that ran down 3rd St. frequently.Our rooms were spotless (and trust me, as I check under beds and behind bathroom doors!) and well appointed. Having the living room was nice because we seemed to end up back at the hotel for an hour or so before dinner. We had a great view of the bay, AT&amp;T Park, a bit of the Bay Bridge, and downtown. We could even watch the ice skating next to the Moscone Center at night!We only used the concierge for a few minor things--getting our boarding numbers for our flight, making dinner reservations once, and checking directions a few times. They did write out multi-stop directions for my husband and daughter. The young man who gave us directions our first night there was all attitude, but the two young women who worked Sunday were very friendly and knowledgeable.We had the buffet breakfast once, and thought it overpriced, but when we got double billed and called the front desk about it, they apologized and removed the charge completely, so for a free meal, it was excellent:)The location is great. We usually stay at Le Meridien in the Financial District, but being right off Market made it easy to get around using the buses and street cars. My only quibble with Westins in general is the extremely crappy bath amenities. I wouldn't use that shampoo on my dog! Surely with their emphasis on the spa experience (we even had plants in our living room) they could come up with something that doesn't leave your hair feeling like a door mat?	
Feb 20 2008 	Very Good stay at the Westin on Market St.	My wife and I,stayed at the Westin for three days Feb 14-17, 2008 and found the hotel to be above average.  Check-in was quick, and they gave us a choice of King bed or two Queen beds.  Room was clean, safe didn't work, was fixed within 10 minutes. There was a large screen plasma TV. Extra coffee on request was provided. Bed was comfortable, linens were of good quality, made up daily.  Hotel staff was prompt and courteous. Hotel was close to Union Square and cable car line, close to SF Museum of Modern Art, close to the Ferry Bld. Just a cable car ride away from Chinatown and Fisherman's Wharf. In house limo service provided for return to airport for $8 more than a cab. Driver was great. A few cons; Street noise was noticable . We were on the 9th floor, quieted down by 11:00. We had breakfast there; the food was good but as in general for the Westin, pricey. In room bar fridge overpriced but convenient, has an automated system and we were charged for one drink we didn't have. Stores are close, just around the corner. Area tips: We ate across the street at the California Pizza Kitchen (fusion style menu). Food was good and priced okay. We also ate at Lefty O'Doules, (big comfort food menu), by Union Square. Unique sports decor, self-serve food, good sized portions, fresh bread. Try it--priced under 10$ for good-sized sandwich and side. If you stay for more than a couple of days and don't have a car, get a transit pass. Lets you use cable cars and buses. Bart is extra. Car parking is expensive; 40$ at the hotel, 20$ across the street and the streets are tough to navigate. We give the hotel our recommendation and would stay there again.	
Feb 18 2008 	Okay but not great	Recently stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, and I thought my stay was okay, but nothing great. Good points: the Heavenly Bed and good location. Negative points: service was decent but not great, maid service was spotty, and I thought the food was okay, but really expensive. Overall, not a bad hotel, but for the price I paid, I think I'll try somewhere else next time I go back to San Fran.Tips: if you have a car, park across the street, because the hotel parking is $42 a day, and you'll save about $20. Also, if you eat in the restaurant, and you're wearing black, ask for a black napkin. I ate breakfast at the restaurant one morning, and was covered in tiny white pieces of thread from the white napkin I used. When I told the hostess, she said that they had black napkins that I could have used (but was never told about them).	
Feb 12 2008 	Pretty good BUT	Mostly good review. We had 2 connected rooms since there were 3 adults, 1 toddler and 1 baby. The rooms were nice but basic. The beds are comfortable and that is coming from someone who does not sleep well away from home.We got a great rate on Hotwire - $160.00 per night per room. I am an avid runner and I found the treadmills to be awesome in the workout room.OK - the not so good.The bellhops are not helpful at all. They helped me by opening the door and I did the rest of the loading. Then when he came to the room the key did not work so he had the cleaning lady open the door but he promised to return with a reprogrammed key - after 45 minutes we went down and got it ourselves.Paying $15 per day for internet access is a total ripoff. The wifi stinks- I am pretty tech savvy and I don't think they have enough access points.Other than that, the hotel was clean and quiet, conveniently located to Chi town and the docks and across the street from an Office Depot and around the corner from a Kinko's.I would stay there again as long as I brought my own isp card.	
Feb 12 2008 	Mixed Experience	I stayed at the hotel recently for 5 nights so got a good dose of a highly variable experience. THE GOODThe Heavenly Bed is heavenly. It's not that these beds are overtly super-comfortable or luxurious; it's just that I effortlessly went to sleep without once thinking about it. Almost like freakin magic. Amazing.The gym is decent. Not amazing but better than average. The running machines need better maintenance.The restaurant for b'fast is also decent and above average for the price point.THE BADI had an order from Amazon.com shipped to the hotel which Amazon split into 3 deliveries. The hotel had the audacity to charge me $15 for each small box or $45 to receive $30 in CD's! Absolutely criminal if you ask me. The concierge refused to reduce the charge to one $15 delivery fee which is bad enough. In addition, they charged me for $29 in minibar charges when I had exactly $0 worth of items.Worst, they charged me twice on the same day for Internet access and refused to deduct one of the two charges.The Heavenly Shower is not bad but an overengineered gimmick. They'd be better off with rainshower heads in my personal opinion.OVERALLThe hotel is good looking and has a pretty good position in town. The staff are unacceptably rude for a hotel of this cost and class. Put simply, there are plenty of better options not far away. I have no plans on returning but hopefully they will improve with time.	
Feb 8 2008 	would have been terrible if I had paid the full price	We have experienced unpleasant service not normally expected from any level of hotels. I have experienced the first time a rude operator in the Westin Market Street. I didn't know until then that this kind of operator exists in the hotel (Jan 20, 2008 in the morning). The survival of anything in westin environment?Key box in my room didn't work (jan 25,2008) and a mechanic fixed it. It took 30 -40 min. A security called hotel manager so that he or she can arrange for us a place to wait in but manager was not available and didn't apologize in any way later.Maid service was not consistent, failing to provide some trivial supply such as hand towels one day and some other the next day, etc.The service at the Argonaut Hotel (jan 26-30) was much better and this contrasted the loose service of the westin.Otherwise, I think that you may get what you can expect from 3-4 star hotels.	
Feb 4 2008 	Good Experience	We stayed here for two nights in the summer. Location was great! Most attractions and shopping were right around the corner. Checking in was fast and the person at the desk was very nice. However, when my boyfriend wanted to cash his traveler's checks a day later, the man at the desk was rude and acted like it was a HUGE inconvenience. We had a excellent view on the 32nd floor. Although the room was spacious and very clean, I have to admit that the furnishings and the room itself were old and worn out. The bathroom especially was showing its wear and tear. On the other hand the bed was very comfortable. If you book, make sure to request a renovated room.	
Jan 25 2008 	Loved it!!	My cousin &amp; I spent 4 nights at the Westin on Market Street in San Francisco (January 3-7, 2008) . It was a great experience. The staff was friendly and the bellman was helpful in giving directions and the scoop on the town. The hotel is a short cab ride from the piers and cost about $11.00 (not including gratuity). There is a California Pizza Kitchen, Subway, and a Starbuck's directly across the street. Just a few steps around the corner was a 7-11. GREAT! GREAT! location, accommodations, and close to everything. We had the buffet breakfast and it was ok. Would recommend going somewhere else for breakfast. Did not eat any other meals there, so I cannot rate any of the other food. Cannot wait to go back and I would stay there again in a heartbeat! Happy Traveling!	
Jan 25 2008 	Will Stay Here Again!	First off I am a Gold Starwood Prefered Guest. I used my points to get a room for one night. If you are a SPG using points I highly recommend calling to book your room. We got an upgrade that was unavailable on the SPG website. I got a corner King Suite on the 30th floor. The hotel was built in April 2007 and everything was like new. Service was excellent. When I checked in, the front desk ordered a rollaway for the room. It promptly arrived no more than 5 minutes when I walked in the room. Great location! If you are driving I would park across the street. We paid $19/ day. Not bad for the city. Everything about the hotel was great and I would Definitely stay here again.	
Jan 25 2008 	Great place to stay!	Booked a great deal through expedia. This hotel is centrally located for all the shops. Clean, well maintained, friendly staff and AMAZING beds. Westin promote their beds as an experience and they truly are! I wouldnt hesitate in recommending this hotel.	
Jan 23 2008 	Very Nice for picky snob.	This hotel was very nice. I am a snob when it comes to my hotel rooms and this hotel was perfect for me. We got an awesome deal with Hotwire and they upgraded us because I was a Starwood prefered guest. But I think if they can they will upgrade anyone. Every employee was super nice. Service was above average. The location was unbeatable and the food was increadable. I really loved this hotel and San Francisco was so much fun.	
Jan 23 2008	Better the Second Time Around	I stayed at the Westin Market Street for 4 days and really enjoyed my stay. The concierge was extremely helpful, recommending and making reservations at several wonderful restaurants (including Tommy Toy's). Much better than when I stayed here for several days back in September and the service was terrible, totally unresponsive.	
Jan 14 2008 	Great Location Great Stay	We stayed here for 5 nights in July and had a fabulous time. The hotel is close to Union Square where there are lots of shops to be found. We ordered room service breakfast one morning and although it was on the slightly pricey side the service and food were excellent. The hotel itself has character and we found the concierge extremely helpful. The only downside was the room location; it was close to the elevator shaft, which we found a little noisy throughout the night. We would just make sure next time we stay here we got a room a little further away from the elevators.The rooms and beds especially are fantastic and we loved the floor to ceiling windows. The bathroom was elegant and plenty of accessories were provided. The Westin Market St is exceptional and great value for the quality offered.	
Jan 10 2008 	Great location great room great service.	When we first arrived at the hotel my initial impression was not that great. I felt the hotel lobby was dark, cold and not at all welcoming. We had requested a room a high floor to make the most of the city views, however, althogh the room was on a high floor, the room was on the back of the building looking over a very non -descript view to say the least. We did request another room with a front facing view which the staff more than happily arranged, and our new view was spectacular, so if you are fussy about the view from your room, request a front facing high floor room. The room itself was very comfortable and the mattress on the bed was to die for. The consierge at the hotel were very helpful. My only critism of the hotel is the restaurant. It was not only over-priced but very pretencious, and I fely I was sitting in a wind tunnel. Yes, Ok the food was alright, but this is San Francisco, there are plenty of better and cheaper places to eat, please learn from our mistake!! The location is great for the public transport links, and we found it ideal to use as a base to explore the city. I would definetly stay at this hotel again in the future. We did all the tourist destinations, and planned for many before hand via the internet, so please feel free to email me should you want some information. One must is to hire a bike and cycle over the Golden Gate Bridge to the village of Sausilito. This was definetly a highlight of the trip.	
Jan 8 2008 	Great Location!	This hotel is in a prime location! Only 2 blocks to Union Square where all the shopping is, Macy's, Virgin Records, Apple, Westfield Mall etc. And only a 10 minute walk to China Town, which I highly recommend. There are many great restaurants around as well. The BART station is just around the corner. The hotel is VERY clean and the staff was excellent. The concierge was very knowledgeable and knew where everything was.The beds were very comfortable and the t.v. was very large for an average size room. Our room was on the 27th floor and the view was quite a sight! I would return to this hotel many times!	
Jan 6 2008 	Not the Westin Service You would expect	1. Rude front desk2. Breakfast buffet has very few choices3. Valet Parking takes forever4. Rooms are ok, but lack of attention: i.e. no cotton balls, not q tips, no shoe shine, no in room slippers	
Jan 5 2008 	I loved this hotel	We stayed here for three nights and I didn't want to leave. It is in a really convenient location and was very comfortable. The room was beautiful and staff very professional and obliging. I highly recommend it.	
Dec 29 2007 	Great view! location! bed! staff!	This property was recently renovated and is very comfortable for business or leisure. The beds are &quot;heavenly&quot;, showers with dual Speakman heads, plasm TVs with cable, complimentary fitness center and terrific location near shopping, public transportation, and restaurants. The entire staff professionally accomodated our every request promptly (and we had many!). The hotel is conveniently located in an upscale area of Union Square with wonderful views of the Bay Bridge and the city--the higher the floor, the better. The valet parking entrance is on Third (away from the loud, busy tourist area) which did get a bit congested on Saturday with cars entering the city. I recommend the Westin 100%!	
Dec 26 2007 	Westin a great hotel.	We had a great visit at the Westin - service was excellent, room was lovely, food great. Very cool, modern lobby. No complaints - very pleasant!	
Dec 20 2007	Enjoyed our stay	We got a really good rate of $109/night on hotwire. We weren't expecting much, but we really enjoyed our room. We had a huge, comfortable &quot;heavenly bed&quot;, large flat screen television, huge desk and nice bathroom. We didn't eat in the restaurant or go to the bar. The location was convenient. Lots of shops and places to eat within walking distance. The only complaint was that parking was expensive, but that is typical to San Francisco. I would recommend this hotel, especially if you get a good rate.	
Dec 17 2007 	Very Comfortable Good location for shops	Stayed at the Westin Market St (used to be the Argent) for a couple of nights before travelling onward to NZ. The hotel enjoys a good location near to the BART station (30 mins to the airport) and a stone's throw from the shops, Union Sq and cable car stops. The rooms are very comfortable (great &quot;heavenly&quot; beds) with floor to ceiling windows and nice (what looked like) newly furnished bathrooms. We ate in the restaurant for breakfast on one of the days which was excellent. I would recommend the hotel as a great base for exploring the city.	
Dec 17 2007	Westin Market St. Hotel	Stay- December 7-9, 20072 couples (2 rooms) &amp; 1 ToddlerWe had a fantastic experience at the Westin Market Street in San Francisco. 1. Excellent service- we arrived very early (9:30am) from the airport and just wanted to check our bags but they checked to see if a room was available and one was, so they let us check in. Our other family was arriving later in the day and we checked them in as well as requesting a crib. No problems with this and the crib was exactly what they needed. (No moving sides, though, so if your baby cannot sit or stand up on their own, it might be hard to get them out.) They also requested a fridge to keep the baby's milk cold and it arrived in a timely manner as well. 2. Location:The hotel is located just off of Market St. on 3rd. It was a block and a half from the Montgomery BART station and directly on the line for the trolly cars and the #30 bus that took us around town. It was a quick 10-15 minute walk to Union Square and had many restaurants in close vicinity. 3. ComfortThe legendary beds at the Westin were great! Super comfy pollows and beds. Our bathroom was tiny, but clean and the maid staff was super friendly. A &quot;pod&quot; coffee and tea machine was free in the room and when we asked the maids for more of both tea and coffee, they gave us tons! My husband even liked the shampoo!Our one issue with the hotel was the mini fridge. They had the normal stocked fridge with the weight sensitive billing process. When we arrived there was an item missing from one of our rooms. We called this down immediately, but it did show up on a bill when we were ready for checkout. When we called the front desk, however, they took care of the problem right away with no fuss.Overall, this was an EXCELLENT experience and I would definitely try to stay at this hotel again. We got an amazing deal on hotwire. Highly recommended.	
Dec 11 2007 	Loved everything about it!	Stayed at this property for three nights in September, and absolutely loved the place! Probably one of the best hotels I’ve stayed at in the US. We booked though Hotwire, but still got a gorgeous Starwood Preferred Guest room on a high floor when we checked in. It was a new, modern and very spacious room with a huge ceiling to floor window. The view from our room was totally breathtaking. We checked in around midnight and couldn’t get a kingbed, but settled with two queens. No problem since the queen was like a kingbed, by European Standards. I can ensure you that the beds were heavenly, just like stated in the Westin commercial! Very relaxing! The location of the hotel was super brilliant, just two blocks or so from Nordstrom/Bloomingdales and Union Square. You can more or less walk everywhere in SF from Westin or take the BART or a tram/bus, if your legs hurt! Chinatown is also very close by. The only thing I can complain about was the internet-connection. Paid a fortune to log on, but the connection was horrible. Didn’t even get to check my own e-mail. So stay away from the internet and park your car at the car park directly across the road. It’ll cost you half of what the hotel’s valet parking charges. I’ll def. stay at Westin Market Street again, if I ever get the chance to go back to beautiful SF and would highly recommend it to everyone else.	
Dec 6 2007 	Love This Hotel	This is a very nice place to stay. There's very little to find fault here. The lobby is beautiful and spacious. Staff is courteous and efficnient. Bar and restaurant are beautiful with a nice selection of food and drink. Great location. The room seems very new and modern. Spacious desk to work. Wish I had a desk-level outlet to plug in my laptop, though. Gorgeous bathroom, sparkling clean. And the bed. .. ahh, the bed. I wish I had one like this at home. I suspect I got a somewhat smaller room because I bought the room on Priceline. But I think many hotels do that. Anyway, I'd definately stay here again. Thumbs up!	
Nov 27 2007 	Nice Hotel	Nice Hotel and good location. The hotel is not on Market Street as teh name states. It is one block away on third street. Not a big difference.I was upset only by the following. Upon my departure, the doorman got me a taxi to the airport. Not only did he accept a gratuity from me, but he also, not so discreetly, took money from the taxi driver. A tip for TripAdvisor readers. There is no need to tip your bellman at this hotel if you are going to SFO. The cab drivers will tip him for you.	
Nov 24 2007	Weekend friends getaway	We enjoyed staying at the Westin San Francisco Market Street. The location was superb- walking distance to Union Square, China Town, and the cable cars to go up to Fisherman's Wharf. The rooms were clean and comfortable. We were very well rested after staying in this hotel. We booked this hotel with the winery tour package and got an excellent deal. All in all, the Westin San Francisco Market Street made our weekend in San Francisco very enjoyable and extremely relaxing. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 15 2007	Nice and comfortable	Although I live in the Bay Area, I stayed here for one night as a part of a business function.My room was clean and more spacious than I expected. Super comfortable bed, nice linens and pillows. Noise level was low, I couldn't hear the people upstairs walking - only people walking by the door in the morning. Don't bother with the restaurant - it's overpriced and has a young, snotty staff. Great location too, nearby shopping, restaurants and transportation.	
Nov 12 2007	Westin Market Street is nice in San Francisco	I found our stay at the Westin Market Stree to be very pleasant. It is in a good location to the streetcars and the cable cars. Nice for tourists like us. The concierge service was EXCELLENT! It was our first time in SF and it was very nice to have such delightful people to help us out. They even helped us get tickets to the Alcatraz Tour! The room was nice and clean and the amenities were great. There is a nice restaurant in the hotel which I find very convenient for breakfast. (no searching a strange city for food!) Upon arrival, the front desk found out that it was our 10th anniversary and upgraded us to a higher room (for the view). That was the first time any hotel had done this for me. It is a little pricey, but I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 5 2007 	good hotel in great location	I have stayed there twice now and have enjoyed both times. The rooms are standard Westing decor...modern and clean looking which some may find spartan. Its a great location particularly if you are doing things at Yerba Buena arts center or going to SFMOMA. Also convenient to shopping and public transportation. I ate at the Venetian restaurant Ducca at the hotel and it turned out to be great meal...would highly recommend for the food --its not a generic hotel restaurant. They have a nice outside bar with a fire which would be great weather permitting.The staff has for the most part been very accomodating. The only quibble I would have is the at the latest checkin the front desk made ia big deal about my arriving early and saying the room may not be available. etc. etc. For the life of me cant figure out why they say that without first checking on the room...which was indeed available.	
Oct 31 2007 	Very nice..impressed!	I stayed at the Westin San Francisco Market Street for a couple of nights for a business trip. The rate was a little high, but they normally are in San Fran and the hotel was very nice and clean. The room was spacious and very comfortable. The staff was very friendly and I appreciated the doorman offering their limo service to the taxi I was about to take back to the airport. It was a much more comfortable ride for about the same price.	
Oct 30 2007 	Good Hotel - Great Location	My gf and I stayed here from 8/10 to 12/10 and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.As as been said before this is primarily a business hotel and so the room was therefore rather more functional than anything else. They were however a reasonable size and very clean. The internet access in our room wasn't working but we didn't realise this until our last day and so declined the hotel offer to move rooms.The best thing about this hotel, certainly for us, was the location. It is situated a few blocks from Union Square with all the associated shopping and restaurants. The cable car line begins a 5 min walk away although its probably better to walk on to a later stop where you won't have to queue. If you want to get to Fishermans Wharf quicker than by cable car it was only just over $10 by cab.I would recommend this hotel if you are only staying for a short while but for any longer I would choose one that is more tourist oriented.	
Oct 26 2007 	Great Base for SF but average room for the money	Good clean hotel. Great lobby, but not matched by the functional room, which bizzarely had a fridge placed in the middle of the floor!Great beds but the hotel was expensive for the quality of the room. Hotel internet was next to useless!On the plus side it was a good base for seeing San Fran. Close to the main shopping area and public transport (including the trolley bus).	
Oct 23 2007	Perfect Hotel	I booked a stay at the West Market Street in SF on Oct. 13-14. It is a GREAT location. Very close to shopping, Union Square and Westfield Shopping Center and only a $10 cab ride to Fishermans Wharf, Pier 39, Ghiradelli Square ect. The BART system is extremely close. Paying a little more for this hotel is worth it because of the location and proximity to all of the tourist attractions. The hotel itself is sepctacular. There were a lot of people checking in so it took about 5-7 minute to check in but I find that normal for a busy hotel like this. It is better than having no guests and being empty in my opinion. It definately gives it a much more lively and upbeat feeling. The room was smaller than most of the hotels I've stayed at but very elegant. Simple decor yet stylish. The thing I look forward to the most is the Heavenly Bed and it was no exception. I always fall into a deep sleep. Overall I had no complaints. Express checkout was great cause of course, it was busy at the front desk. Consierage was very helpful and when I checked out I left my bags at the hotel for free in a room which was great. Stay at this hotel and you will not be disappointed.	
Oct 18 2007	Couldn't cool the room	In general, I enjoyed my stay at the Westin a lot. The room was extremely clean, and the very white duvet felt especially so. The beds were very comfortable. I always want fitted sheets because I roll around a lot, and although these were not fitted, they were tucked in well enough to stay in place through the night. My beef was that there is a typical thermostat in the room but it seemed that it is set with a very narrow range that the guest can change. I am ALWAYS cold, yet I could not turn down the thermostat enough to feel comfortably cool. I can't imagine how a hot blooded person would feel. Finally I turned it down 60 and still felt hot. This was in a 7th floor room. I don't know whether they're all like that. Other things that some prospective guests might be interested in: The sink is inside the bathroom, so one person cannot be showering while another is outside the bathroom using the sink. The windows go all the way to the floor, which is very nice, but some parents with young kids might be wary. The plusses were a helpful staff, good location and as I said earlier, very, very clean. Fancy, wide screen tv. Internet option was $9 a day, $15 for wireless.	
Oct 15 2007 	A Basic Hotel	We stayed at this hotel property this past weekend for one night in a Standard room category. We are Gold Starwood Preferred Guests and this hotel was not able to extend a late check-out nor was it able to upgrade our room category upon arrival. Although I understand that this hotel caters generally to business travelers, for leisure travelers, I would not pay more than $200 for a Standard Room, even during peak-times in San Francisco. We booked this room initially for over $300 per night but two days before arrival the rate lowered to $199, as went as low as $159 several hours before check-in. For business travelers that will have their expenses reimbursed, then I guess it would not matter what rate you are paying. When calling the hotel directly, it takes the hotel operator sometimes in excess of 10 rings to answer a call. I am not sure if this hotel offers its guests' Concierge services but I would be sure to inquire about it before making plans to stay here if you are going to require the assistance of a Concierge. We made no use of the fitness/spa or restaurant faculties so I will not comment on those aspects of the hotel. For your information, valet parking at this hotel is $42 per night plus taxes. Hotel accommodation taxes is 14%. You can park your car across the street in a public parking garage or turn into the Four Seasons alley way and find the Jesse public parking garage where you will pay $20 max/ per day. Be advised that the Jesse parking garage closes at 10 or 11 and DOES NOT open until the next morning. Your car WILL BE stuck until the next morning so if you will be needing your car throughout the night, do not park here. Check-in at this hotel is consistent with any other convention hotel. It was busy and the check-in staff did not honor their priority check-in line for Gold/Platinum Starwood Guest members. The Standard Room we were given was on the lower floors of this 36 floor hotel and our view was of another rooftop's A/C unit. We were looking down the alley way of the Four Seasons where their guests bring their cars to valet park. It was really a small room. Generally I prefer to stay at hotels where rooms start out at 400-500 sq ft in the Standard Room category but this hotel's standard guest room was half that size. There was a king bed, a desk/chair, a dresser with a flat screen television, and a bath with shower/tub combination. It was not very well ventilated, even with the air conditioning set at 65 degrees throughout the entire during of the stay. The toiletries are of the Westin brand variety (not really good) and all the sheets and towels are available for sale and made exclusively for the Westin hotel chain. If you are a tall individual you may feel that your head may hit the ceilings as they are set really low. We left the DND sign on our door and housekeeping honored the sign so I can't comment on that aspect of the hotel's service. You have an option of whether you want your sheets changed daily or left alone for the entire duration of your stay. We did order room service: three drinks, an entree and one order of an appetizer came up to around $80 dollars. A significant portion of our bill went to taxes, fees, and gratuities. The food was average but it did come up in half an hour. The bell-desk is ALWAYS busy. The valet brought up our car in less than five minutes. We were left waiting for a housekeeping attendant to bring down something we left in our room, granted it was our fault, but it took 10-15 minutes from when we made the call for someone to be sent down. I thought it was an excessive amount of time but maybe it should be expected. Check-out, like check-in took a fair amount of time of waiting as well even though there were 3 front desk agents and 3 guests in front of us. We waited probably 10-15 minutes to check-out. Again, they did not honor their priority check-in/out line for Gold/Platinum guests. The bill they sent up to our room before check-out was correct so there was no need to dispute anything about the bill. The location is excellent and I it would be a fair assessment to say that this hotel is able to get the job done when all you need is a clean and comfortable place to stay while in San Francisco; however, if you want a more personable hotel, this is not the place to stay. And like I mentioned above, for leisure travelers do NOT pay more than $200 for a Standard Room, I assure you unless you are upgraded to a better room, you will regret it as the price is not consistent with the value that you may expect. I know I would have been mad had I paid $300 for this room.	
Oct 13 2007 	Nice base for SF activities	Stayed at the Westin market street for two days in SF before a friend's wedding. The location is great -- right on the trolley line, one block to BART, walking distance to all the shopping of Union Square -- and the recent hotel refresh did a great job of taking an older, dowdier SF property and bringing it to Starwood standards. The rooms are modern, the beds are comfortable, the bathrooms are spacious, the air conditioning works and the TV is sufficiently large and luxurious. For a large, business-centered hotel, the staff does a good job of dealing with the crowds in the lobby; our rate ($224/night) included the breakfast buffet, a nice touch for a reasonably large buffet. Of course, this is San Francisco and there are great food options very close so keep that in mind in picking your rate. The gym was nice and expansive for a hotel gym. Negatives: The one thing that seems not to have gotten an upgrade is the elevator bank which seemed overmatched to the number of people trying to get in and out of the hotel at crunch times. Getting into the hotel seems to consistently involve dodging lots of cars coming out of the parking garage/valet stand.	
Oct 9 2007 	Loved the Westin San Francisco Market Street	We stayed from the 5th through the 9th of October. What I can say is EXCELLENT! Service was superb! Room was fantastic. We stayed on the 36th floor. Very clean. Staff was excellent. Definitely a hotel you'd want to stay at. Only downpoint is the area. Being a female walking alone, I did not feel comfortable in this section of the city. Other than that, the hotel is highly recommended by my husband and other co-workers who were in for a convention.	
Sep 30 2007	Westin Pluses and Minuses	I chose the Westin specifically for their &quot;heavenly beds&quot;. I decided to go for the suite and wish I hadn't spent the extra money. Modern decor is not my style. The rooms are oddly shaped, and the decor is, well, bland. Two chairs, a short, shallow sofa, huge wooden coffee table, work desk and chair, and a dresser with TV make up in the living room. The bedroom had a king size bed, a chair, another dresser with a TV on it. Both the living area and bedroom had flat screen TVs. The closet in the bedroom is miniscule and the closet in the living area was locked. No clock in the living area, only on the clock radio in the bedroom. My 16th floor suite had nice floor to ceiling windows on two sides, but looked over numerous ugly rooftops. The bed wasn't as soft as I remember, and that was my reason for choosing the hotel. There is a beautiful work desk in the living area though, lots of plugs if you are a business person with many electronics! I brought my laptop and the WiFi worked great (extra charge, of course!) There is a mini bar with sodas and drinks in the corner of the living area. Coffee maker with coffee and a CD player.My room wasn't ready when I first arrived, so I left my bags and went out for awhile (the lobby is, indeed, very dark). When I returned, I found out the restaurant didn't open until 5:30 for dinner. I had been walking for a couple of hours and was very hungry by about 4:30. The nice doorman pointed me towards Thirsty Bear, a Spanish restaurant just a block or so away. Delicious food there. I loved the showers at the Westin. They have two shower heads. Since I travel solo...always plenty of towels! The bathroom was fine with soap, shampoo, conditioner, makeup mirror, hairdryer. Nice marble counter and floor, which makes for a cold floor...but...did you know standing on a cold floor in bare feet, if you have a leg cramp makes it feel better? That is a helpful tip when you are walking up and down hills in San Francisco!Another reviewer said that you had to weave your way through numerous cars that are parked in front of the Westin's entrance. Correct. Later in the evening, when I came back from the theater about 10pm, I could barely get from the sidewalk to the door, there were so many cars.However, I did find the front desk, room service, and everyone who assisted me in person or on the phone to be very polite and helpful. A late checkout was graciously handled for me. They have WiFi (charge) and in room movies (you'll pay more for one than if you went to the theater yourself). I had room service twice, both for a late snack and breakfast. The food was fine and the service was friendly.The hotel is nice enough, I found it quiet except for sirens from the street at all hours. Close to everything and the room was exceptionally clean. All things being equal, I think if I came back, I'd try another hotel. Nothing against the Westin, really. I just don't like modern decor and the bed was a disappointment.	
Sep 29 2007 	westin only ok	Was really looking forward to our stay in the Westin Market Street, following its revamp as a westin hotel. Unfortunately we were rather dissapointed.The lobby area is both dark and unwelcoming, which, when combined with the impersonal manner of the staff gave a poor first impression. You also need to manoever your way through numerous cars in the process of entering or leaving the hotel, you certainly need your wits about you.There are 6 lifts, dont know if they were all working, however we had to wait for a lift for quite a while on some occasions.The rooms themselves are both clean and functional. The bed is comfortable, and the rooms are quiet. The shower provided a moderate water pressure, but the washbasin failed to hold water for more than 30 seconds. I thought the hotel had just undergone a full refit!We had breakfast on the first morning, not a good experience. The food was both overcooked and cold, although there was a good selection of fresh fruit to choose from. As a result of this, we had no further food or drink from the hotel.We enjoyed our time in San Francisco, but would not stay at this hotel if we returned.	
Sep 27 2007	Wonderful At The Westin	The hotel is a business type hotel but we were there for a weekend away and found it wonderful. It was a good rate advertised by a grand opening or something. Our room was clean, very comfortable (the beds were fabulous!!!) and the room was quiet at night.On a negative note, we tried two different times and attempted to be waited on in their bar. We were ignored both visits by several cocktail waiters and after 10 minutes had to go up to the bartender to get a drink which took another 10 minutes. One drink and we left. The second time we were again ignored so we never made an attempt to enter the bar or eat at the restaurant in the hotel, assuming it was the same type of staff. The only other negative thing which we were really disappointed is, on their hotel tv, they advertised rather than to go out for the night, to stay in order a first run movie, relax and enjoy yourself. Well, on our second night after dinner, we decided to do that. We got all ready with our snacks and cocktails we purchased from the local store and nothing. For two hours that we attempted to try and order a movie and enjoy our room, the system was down and we were unable to order a movie. A very big disappointment!!!Overall we were quite pleased and as long as their rates are about the same in the future we will definitely go back to this hotel, but bring our own cocktails next time!!	
Sep 22 2007 	Mixed Experience	Rented two rooms here for an overnight stay with my elderly mother. Her room was quite spacious, whereas mine was on the small side and oddly shaped. Both rooms were nicely furnished, with large HDTVs and smallish bathrooms. The price was right for a weekday in San Francisco at $179 per room. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was fine, though the room could have been warmer (both temperature-wise and design-wise). The main problem here was unpleasant encounters with rude staff personnel. The attendant who parked our car (valet parking only) was quite unfriendly, and, when I remarked on the steep $48 nightly charge, rolled his eyes and told me it was a bargain compared to the rate at another hotel down the street. He then gave my car a rough handling. Three front desk staffers were also unpleasantly indifferent, while another was very gracious.	
Sep 19 2007 	Good Stay	My wife and I recently stayed at the Westin for a weekend vacation. Everything in the room / hotel had been recently remodeled, including a flat screen HDTV in our room. The location is ideal - next to Martket St, and close to all public transportation (we didn't rent a car - took the BART into town for $5 each from SFO - the BART stop is a short walk from the hotel). We had no problems with the service or the staff - they were helpful. We booked through Expedia and received a discounted rate for booking the flight and hotel at the same time about $165 per night. We stayed on the 5th floor. The only downside is you do get some street noise - but it wasn't bad enough to interrupt sleep. We'd stay there again.	
Sep 17 2007 	The Argent Reborn a Westin	I stayed here for three nights on a Starwood 3 nights for the price of 2 offer, which worked out at about $154 per night.Be warned the exorbitant 14% room tax is not in the rate at booking; this is added on check out, which could be more transparent.As SPG Gold I was given a corner room, with a great view over San Francisco to the water beyond.Had a superb, and massive, flat screen plasma in the room, though the mini bar nibbles had not been stocked as yet (seemed the sensor tray was installed, ready to go but empty).Check In was noticeably fast, and my 4pm check out was honoured without a problem; the maid even refreshed my room on my last morning which helped make packing a tidier affair for me.Bathrooms were small, but that seems to be the norm in all SF hotels.The location cannot be beaten; four minutes walk from the South Side of Union Square and just round the corner from the Four Seasons and opposite the Fantastic San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, with the new and unmissable Olafur Eliasson light show.Wired web connection was easy to access, swift and affordable ($15.99) though if you just need to check emails, pop over Market Street to the Apple store where you can get online for a few minutes free.Two tips; if you are renting a car, get a Hybrid (Prius) as they charge half price ($22/night) for these environmentally friendly cars vs. $42 for a regular vehicle.Second: if you go to Macy's take your room key and out of state ID to Customer Services for an 11% discount.VERDICT: Dependable Westin heavenly beds, now in a modern, clean property which is a great improvement over the very variable experiences I have had at the Westin St. Francis in nearby Union Square.	
Sep 16 2007 	Nice New Hotel~!	Booked this hotel via Spg website. got an excellent deal for 149/night on a busy weekend. stayed at this property twice, both time got upgraded to a nice corner room (xx25 and xx01) as spg gold. If you are platinum you'll get upgraded to the corner suite (more likely). but the hotel sold out pretty often b/c its right next to the convention center. its an easy 5 mins walk (and safe too) to the bart station and also there are lots convinent /fast food store nearby (quiznos, starbucks, McDs, taco bells and 7-11). CPK is right across the street too. SF shopping center and Union square are approx 2-3 blocks away. There is a big cinema right behind the hotel too. Easy access to the Ferry building/fisherman's wharf via bus / cable car.The room on 22 floors and UP are consider &quot;grand deluxe/premier&quot; room so they have a better view of the city. As other reviewers suggested. This hotel has a nice , new gym at 4th floor, no swimming pool tho (Very common in norcal). But this hotel is mostly business travellers so not likely people will have time to really use the gym facilities. Afterall, this hotel IS a business hotel, so don't expect too much from it. The service was prompted but slow. Most of the people working at the front desk are young so their knowledge could be limited and their attitude certainly needs to polish some more when dealing with the customers. Afterall, this is still a nice hotel, very comfortable bed and AC works great in the hotel, a perfect place for travellers whos visiting SF for the first time!	
Sep 14 2007 	Beautiful Hotel Great Location	This is a great hotel right in the middle of everything downtown. I would highly recommend the Westin, especially if you can get a good deal on a site like Hotwire. -Short walk to the BART station on Market St. A little longer walk to AT&amp;T Park and many other attractions.-Rooms are very nice and clean (although a little small). -There is a state-of-the-art gym on the 4th floor with brand new equipment.-I was only on the 5th floor, but rooms above the 10th floor or so look like they would have a nice view of downtown.-Nice flat panel TVs and Aeron desk chairs in the room.-Only complaints: there's an extra charge for internet access and the business center is very expensive. On the other hand, you can probably find a place nearby with free WiFi pretty easily and there's a Kinkos right down the street. I just think a higher-end hotel should provide a services like this for free.	
Sep 13 2007 	Was expecting more	When we got to the hotel i was checked inn by a trainee.When i asked for an upgrade she said they were full,I was expecting an upgrade since i am a gold member on their points program.So we got a small room on the 6th floor with no view.The 2nd to last day we stayed i went to the reception and finally got upgraded to a much bigger room in the corner with a view.I have to say this is one of the nicer hotels in San Fran.Will try the Westin In Union square next time.Ask for a room on a higher floor you will not be disappointed!!	
Sep 11 2007	Loved the Westin.	The Westin on Market Street in San Francisco was a great place to stay. It was very clean and classy and the check in was very smooth and quick. My boyfriend and I stayed there on his birthday and walked up to the Cigar Bar and had diner and drinks that night. This hotel is centrally located and within walking distance of the cable car.. The Westin rooms were great we had a very large flat screen tv in our room and a very comfortable bed. The view wasn' t much but we didn't request a great view upon booking the room. I would recomend this hotel to all travelers especially business travelers.	
Sep 11 2007 	Very nice!	Aahh...could it be that the Westin brand is worthy of redemption? After staying in some realy Westin dumps lately this hotel was like a ray of sunlight. Very nice room, nice lobby, good restaurant, pretty good room service. My only gripe is that the room needed some tending upon check-in as hairs were left behind from the last guest but housekeeping came and took care of it asap. If housekeeping steps up a bit I think this hotel will be a real winner.	
Sep 10 2007 	Hotel primarily suited to business travelers	The hotel location is nice, simple walking distance to great shopping, chinatown and good restaurants. About $12 cab ride to Pier 39. We did also appreciate the well appointed room, the heavenly bed and large flatscreen tv. The bathrm, tub etc were all similar to any average room.That said it must be noted that the hotel is designed for business travelers (who's companies are paying for their stay) and as such there are minimal complimentary or value add services for the tourist. To park your rental car at the Westin will cost you $50 per night, to make a local phone call is $1 per call, to use the internet or get a coffee in the morning is also a charge per day and so on.	
Aug 24 2007 	A great refurbishment	The recent refurbishment of the old Argent is a great improvement. The lobby and rooms now have a very &quot;Westin&quot; feel; simple and stylish but highly functional. The heavenly beds and large flat-screen TVs make staying in for the evening after a long day a pleasure. The location is great for both conventioneers and shoppers. I didn't try their restaurant &quot;Ducca&quot; for lunch or dinner but the breakfast was very decent and, at $20, I'm sad to say it's actually a fairly good price compared to the other hotels nearby.The opening of the Westin here makes four Starwood hotels in the space of a block and a half. It's less in-your-face Hip than the W, less frilly than the Palace and less expensive than the St Regis. The only thing I can find to say against the place is that it is _exactly_ like every other Westin, but sometimes that's a good thing. Oh, and the valet parking is painfully expensive ($40), but that's more a problem with San Francisco than the hotel :-(	
Aug 24 2007	Staff here is exceptional!	On a recent and very stressful business trip to San Francisco, I stayed for the first time at Westin's Market Street location. Every time I had to call on the staff for help -- TV remote quit working, in-room internet service was terrible, I left my completed bill behind in the room -- I got unbelievably great service. A new remote was delivered in three minutes; all service charges for Web access were removed from my bill; the bell captain went up to my room and fetched my forgotten paperwork!But probably the very nicest gesture was made by the hotel restaurant (Ducca's) manager: I had a midday flight and knew I'd miss both breakfast and lunch because of last minute meetings. While I waited in the lobby for my shuttle at about 10:30 a.m., I popped into the restaurant, which wasn't yet open for lunch. I explained my predicament to the manager, whose staff was mostly on break in anticipation of the lunch rush. He sat me at the bar, went to the kitchen himself, rustled up a snack and a cup of coffee for me and brought it to me within minutes. I bolted down the much-needed food, thanked him and asked for a check. There was none. &quot;I couldn't give you want you wanted, so there's no charge.&quot;Is this any way to run a hotel? You bet it is. I'll be staying there again and again and again. Great job Westin! And many thanks.	
Aug 21 2007 	Great location!	We stayed two nights -- booked via Priceline for $130 per night. We were on the 7th floor with a great view of the parking lot across the street. A bit of street noise from Third Street but the bed more than made up for it. Awesome location close to Union Square, Chinatown, North Beach BART and the F Street car line.	
Aug 21 2007 	Good deal can't complain	My BF and I planned a weekend getaway in SF and got a good deal online. The Argent is in a great location, in Union Square, and within walking distance to the historic trolleys, and all public transportation. This was good because we flew in and didn't want to rent a car nor drag our luggage through the city. The desk staff were neither rude nor extra friendly. The first room they gave us had stains on the bed spread, however, when we asked for a different room, they promptly apologized and gave us another up higher with a nicer view. The hotel was undergoing construction at the time, so the lobby was very noisy, half covered in plastic and smelled of paint. It's more of a business hotel, but for the price and location, it was a good find.	
Aug 20 2007 	Beautiful hotel great location	Booked thru Hotwire, got a great rate for SFO. Hotel lobby &amp; decor is beautiful, great lighting. Check-in quick and easy. Room looked down at 3rd St, no view of the bay or bridges, but I'll sacrafice that for a great rate. Restaurant was pricey as hotels are. They ran out of empty refrig's to replace our pay-mini-bar, but allowed us to remove and replace items without a charge to store our leftovers &amp; drinks. Beds were comfy with lots of fluffy pillows. Valet staff was more friendly and helpful than concierge. Parking, valet only, was $42/day + $5.50 tax. May look into public parking across street next time. Very close to subway stations, large mall, &amp; trolley stops.	
Aug 18 2007 	Lovely beds	We, a family of two adults and two teenagers, stayed here for 6 days in August. It is in a great location for both sightseeing and shopping. Our room was spacious, the bathroom very clean, and the beds wonderful. If you want a great view of the city we recommend you request a room near the top of the hotel. (Floor 35?) The hotel staff were very efficient and helpful, and the atmosphere was good. Breakfast was very expensive, so we would reommend Sears Fine Foods, or Dottie's True Blue Cafe. One thing you should know. SF seems to get up early so if you want to avoid long lines for good restaurant and well know tourist attractions then so should you. Try and book to go to Alcatraz before you leave home, it is very popular and on some days if you hadn't booked you couldn't get on the ferry. To avoid the 2 hour waits for the cable cars, try going at 7.30am and reward yourself with one of Sears huge breakfasts. There is plenty to do in SF, but by far our teenagers favourite was going to see the SF Giants at the AT &amp; T park. What can I say Barry Bonds was fantastic and the atmosphere electric!	
Aug 14 2007 	Westin on 3rd St. was adequate	We stayed at Westin on 3rd St. and Market for one night on Aug. 11. The room was rather small, but adequate and clean. The lighting in the room was not bright enough if you intend to read a book, as I did. The layout of the room was different than what I am used to, with the TV at 45 degree angle from the bed. After sitting on the bed to watch TV for 15 minutes, my neck was very sore. I used Priceline and paid $175 plus tax for one night. So maybe I got what I paid for, a standard room with no view and nothing extra. There is a parking garage directly across street from the hotel so it's convenient for those who want to save a few bucks on parking. We used the hotel valet parking ($42 + tax + tips) and was happy with it. We did have a good time shopping and dining nearby as the hotel is in easy walking distance to Union Square. All and all it was a nice stay but nothing spectacular.	
Aug 13 2007 	Loved the hotel	We recently booked 3 rooms at this hotel for a short stay in San Francisco. While this is primarily a business hotel, they were able to accommodate our children by providing bed rails. Even though they offer stepping stools, they didn't have any when I asked. My children loved the floor to ceiling windows. (Mom &amp; dad did also). The beds were incredibly comfortable, and included tons of pillows. While their mini bar is electronic, and while charge you within seconds of something being removed, they will supply you with a mini fridge free of charge. They brought this up almost immediately. They don't have a very large lobby to &quot;hang out&quot; in, part of it is used for a sitting/bar area, that I didn't feel comfortable having the children at, They do have an outdoor eating/sitting area that is nice for waiting/eating, etc. The best thing about the hotel is their location. They are on Market street, we walked to the Ferry Bldg, Westfield center, Union Sq. Chinatown, The cable car turnaround at Powel &amp; market. Yerba Buena is literally behind the hotel and was a favorite of my children. We loved San Francisco &amp; would stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	The hotel is your typical Westin. Great location, very clean, and nice bed. If we plan to come back, we would definately bring warmer clothes (or travel in a warmer month), and book our hotel at the Westin.	
Aug 7 2007 	Lovely Hotel Lovely Location	My partner and I stayed here for a few days and were very pleased with our stay. We are Starwood Preferred Guests and the Westin Market Street is definitely up to par with other fantastic Westins. Check-in was a breeze and we got a lovely room overlooking the city and bay. The bar is very happening and we enjoyed a few drinks very comfortably. The gym is fully equipped and you never had to wait for a machine on the busiest of mornings. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Aside from the decor, the location is the best part of the hotel. It is extremely centrally located, you can walk anywhere in the city within a very short distance or cheap cab ride. Avoid bringing a car because you will pay throw the nose in valet fees in downtown San Fran. The staff were very helpful in getting me an appointment when I need medical advise and that was great appreciated. The only minor complaint we had was the advice we received from one of the concierge staff. We requested a more upscale dining option and upon arrival to the restaurant realized it was not. Perhaps we did not provide enough detail, but that's why I'm stating it as a small complaint and everything else was wonderful. Highly recommended.	
Aug 4 2007 	Now thats what I call customer service!!!	I am a member of starwood club and have earned alot of points from stays at the sheraton anaheim...I was bringing a friend and her kids, who were from las vegas and had never been to SF before...she wanted to stay overnight and I never really do because Im about 2 1/2 hours south of there...I looked around and was having problems finding rooms that werent almost $300 and I had knocked my list down to about 3 ...One of them was Westin Market st...I didnt think I had a prayer of getting into this property but found out they were part of starwood as well and I could stay there using my points...I asked for a room with 2 queen beds and reconfirmed this the day before I came but when I checked in they had me down as a one king bed...no problem just change it...well they were saying Im sorry from here till doomsday and I just kept telling them it was ok...your not going to get fired ....well for my &quot;inconvenience&quot; which wasnt one at all but ok....they bumped me up to a DELUXE room on the 11th floor...I had a HUGE ceiling to floor window overlooking right down on the city...gourmet chocolates and coffee....also they forgot to deliver a crib and didnt have another on site and they searched other of their properties till they got one and they delivered it to the room with chocolates:)...and we also needed extra towels and the guest services called us constantly to make sure we got what we needed....that was amazing service!!!!	
Jul 31 2007 	Nice hotel	First, just to let you know some taxi driver still think of this as Argent. A couple of times we asked for Westin Market Street but they still drove us to St Francis The location is very very good. A short walk from Union Sq and BART, MUNI, bus stops are only minutes away. Right in the middle of shops as well as the Westfield shopping arcade just ten minute away. Office Depot is right opposite and there is a Starbuck just round the corner.Reception has a nice ambience and scent and hotel generally nicely decorated. Quite clean except I noticed a bit of wrapping left lying on a slightly dusty table in the elevator lobby throughout my 4-night stay.Check-in staff was efficient but did sense a cold tone when she mentioned Priceline. Hotel has a well equiped fitness room but small and a bit cramped. Strange thing is that there didn't seem to be a restaurant within the hotel, I could be wrong though.Conciege was very helpful when we tried to arrange transport to the airport. Valet parking was $40 plus + tax (ouch) but only used them for one night as rental car was to be returned the next day. I couldn't be bothered looking for a cheaper parking for that reason but did notice cheaper garages close by.Unless absolutely necessary, I would avoid driving in SF - a lot of roads are one-way.. Beside, public transport is the way to go to get around - cheap and easy to use and many options - just get a muni/bart pass.Front of hotel could get a bit chaotic as 1) small and 2) cars waiting to be parked are left everywhere, even onto the pavement.As the hotel was completely full, we couldn't get a king bed so settled with two queens. I stayed on 26/F so noise wasn't a problem but being on a very busy road, I can imagine lower floors can experience some noise from the traffic. My room was 2616 and I noticed all the other rooms are 'Starwood Preferred Guest' rooms (say so on the doors). Maybe that's why the room was relatively more spacious. Again simply and nicely decorated and clean. Room overlooking main roads. Being on a high floor, I was glad to see the tops of most surrounding buildings..Bathroom was reasonably sized with towels and toiletteries refilled/replaced daily. Shower wasn't that powerful though. Small wardrobe with a safe and just big enough for our two cases.Refrigerator has sensors so you remove it, you pay for it.Wouldn't say a luxury hotel but overall a very nice one. Would stay again given the chance.	
Jul 31 2007	Loved Our Stay at the Westin on Market Street	My daughter and I stayed at the San Francisco Westin on Market Street for two nights on July 24, 25, 2007. We totally enjoyed our stay. The room was immaculate and the 2 queen beds were sooo comfortable. We happen to get a pretty good rate because by the time we got there the rates jumped sky high. The view of the city was outstanding. Having never been to San Francisco before, we found ourselves in an excellent location within walking distance. The restaurant inside the hotel was excellent though very pricey as most things are in SF. We ordered room service and it was out of this world expensive (for a small pizza and two waters and one dessert it came to a whopping $59.00!). We walked and walked around the city. The conciere (sp?) was very helpful in where to go to eat and ordered us a car when we left on the 26th. We were going to try the mall's food court which was very nice but the power kept going out so we ended up at a small restaurant named John's - stay away from that one - overpriced and gross food. Then we went to an excellent place a day later named Two which was outstanding food. Do not visit SF if you are on a tight budget.	
Jul 30 2007 	Better view than the St. Regis	We stayed here the night prior and the night of our wedding. The hotel was just rennovated recently from the Argent Hotel. I think we had an executive suite and the view was amazing. Everything seemed brand new and we had 2 plasma t.v.'s. We also held our reception for our wedding here and everything ran so smoothly. I can't think of any negatives off the top of my head, but maybe because of the sentimental attachment I now have of this hotel.	
Jul 30 2007 	Hotel and Staff need work	We just came home from a weekend in San Francisco and stayed at the newly refurbished Westin at Market Street in San Francisco.The staff seemed overwhelmed during check-in - which was about 6:30 PM on a Friday night.We had 4 bags (2 large and 2 carry-ons) and were at no time offered assistance or bellmen. When we asked about it - we were told that the wait was 35 to 40 minutes so we took our own bags up to the room.The room itself was fine. We were on the 26th floor and had a nice view of the city. The Westin is one hotel that charges a premium for internet service and it is not wireless- making it less than desirable for someone trying to transact business while staying there. In fact, we had to connect two separate times at a double price of $14.95/day. They still have not credited the first bill although they told us that they would take care of it.The hotel --although refurbished is showing signs of wear and tear. The carpet was frayed and bald in areas- and the furniture marred and chipped.There were several large groups staying at the hotel. On Saturday night- one of the took over the entire lobby area, monopolized the elevators and the lobby absolutely reeked of marijuana. No one at the hotel seemed to care or take any steps to do anything about it. There was a large pool of vomit in one of the elevators that was left there for at least an hour because my husband encountered it a second time when he went down to the lobby to print boarding passes.Speaking of boarding passes- one of the consierges tried to charge my husband $20 to print two boarding passes (something that EVERY hotel does as a courtesy) and sent him to an Instant Print place around the corner because they charged less. Another consierge heard him and agreed to do it for no charge. My husband was wondering just how many people agreed to pay the exorbitant charge just to do this simple task.Checking out- once again - no bell men. They also did not take my Priority Club card stating that they had no record of it when I had the card in hand.All-in-all, although the hotel was a bargain and the room adequate, the treatment from the staff was nothing short of rude and the other guests in the hotel (drunk, obnoxious, and out of control) made the visit less than enjoyable.At a minimum, when I go to a hotel that is rated a 4 star, I would expect good service at check in and check out and a safe., clean environment in common areas. The fact that we had to breath in marijuana smoke just to get through the lobby only to be assaulted by the stench of vomit after nearly a 10 minute wait at the elevator is reason enough not to return.	
Jul 23 2007 	Nice new hotel	This is a great new hotel. This hotel was at one point The Argent. I was told it changed hands a few months ago. The rooms are very nice. I stayed here one night after a long business trip. I wish I had stayed here the entire trip... I was down at the Palace. I had a room on the 32nd floor. The view from my room was amazing. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was clean. As the room had just been given a face lift, everything was clean, fresh and new. The room was in perfect condition. The gym at the hotel is nice. It has quite a nice selection of cardio and a few free weights. Breakfast at the hotel was decent... nothing to write home about. The only problem with the hotel is the small circle entrance to the hotel. Its a bit of a zoo getting into and out of the hotel; but, it is well worth the trouble.	
Jul 23 2007 	Enjoyed the Westin Market Street	My husband and I stayed at the Westin for a week-end getaway in SF and we both enjoyed our stay. The only &quot;bad&quot; was that the valet parking fee was outrageous ($50 a day), but that's to be expected in the city. The room wasn't spacious, but it was wonderfully clean and we had a nice view of the Moscone Center from our giant window. Our bed was wonderfully comfortable! The resturaunt (Ducca's- Northern Italian fare), was nice as well. We both would love to stay there again in the future!	
Jul 20 2007 	Great just short of superior	This hotel is almost top notch and just barely falls short. The valet is a little too busy, same with the concierge, same with check in. The rooms are fabulous. Very spacious, well appointed, modern and posh. Overall, this is a great hotel in a super location. However, its a large, busy business hotel. If you are looking for an intimate, elegant experience, this isn't it. If you are looking for a great value in the city that is still very high quality, look no further.	
Jul 20 2007 	Beautiful Hotel but bad Service	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Westin for his birthday this July. The room and the view was beautiful, however we were disappointed in the service. We had booked the indulgence package along with our room, which was supposed to include strawberries, champagne, breakfast, and a late checkout. When we called down for the champagne we were informed that it was not on record. The first two receptionists we talked to were very rude and argued with us. Eventually the third person we talked to was able to find the record of it and it was all straightened out, however it was a lot of hassle that somewhat ruined our experience.	
Jul 19 2007 	Great Place...	Loved it, the staff was wonderful, the view was fabulous (except unfortunately I was given a supposed &quot;upgrade&quot;, like the previous review, watch out for the rooms right next to the elevators, very loud and annoying) other than that, absolutely wonderful!	
Jul 16 2007	best price... great choice!	I just returned from a visit to this hotel, needless to say it was perfect... for those of you looking for a nice, comfortable lodging option in the city -- you should give the Westin Market Street a try. I went to the city to shop with my mom for a few days. I used this website quite a bit to choose a place that would not break the bank. Some of the reviews said it was not conveneit for shopping in Union Square, so I was a bit nervous. But upon arrival I realized it is less than 2 blocks from the BIG Nordstrom/Bloomingdales mall. And, just adjacent to all the flagship stores and not far from Neiman Marcus/Saks Fifth Avenue and everything). So, if you are going to the city to shop it is great!	
Jul 16 2007 	Nice job renovating the old Argent	I last stayed at this property in 2002 and was impressed with the job that Westin has done overhauling the old Argent Hotel. The location, just on the corner of Market and Third, is convenient to Union Square, the Embarcadero, SF MOMA, and PacBell. If you're interested in such things, Starbucks is directly across the street to the left. The rooms were clean and comfortable and had, of course, been given the full &quot;Westin treatment&quot; with the heavenly bed, typical desk, and so forth. While the bathrooms in some Westins have both the walk-in shower and separate tub, ours did not, though they were clearly working with the old Argent layout. Still, the bathroom was spotless and the shower/tub was newly tiled with marble. Service, both at the desk and by phone, was friendly and courteous, there is a good-sized gym (with a lot of cardio equipment) on the fourth floor (at least I think I'm remembering that right). The new northern Italian restaurant off the lobby is good, but with so many other options in the city, I would look further afield. At least during our stay, they did not yet serve brunch.Parking at any SF hotel is pricey and the Westin is no different.at $42 plus tax. That said, there is a garage across the street where you can self-park for roughly half the cost.The only downside? The minibar fridge was one of the new ones without any space for your own items and the &quot;you move it, you pay&quot; setup. Material in the room, though, said that the property had a limited number of mini-fridges available free of charge, if needed. When we asked for one, it was delivered and set up in minutes. Unfortunately, it didn't work. Not sure if it was the outlet or the fridge itself, but we didn't bother to request a replacement. Perhaps we just got a lemon.Overall, a good landing spot in that part of the city. I will definitely stay there on future trips.	
Jul 9 2007 	Great location		
Jul 7 2007 	Nice newly Remodeled but not Great		
Jul 1 2007 	great location and generally a good quality and comfortable hotel		
Jun 27 2007 	Renovations at the Westin		
Jun 26 2007	Nice hotel		
Jun 13 2007	Brand New - nice!		
Jun 1 2007 	Great hotel...everything is brand new		
May 31 2007 	Loved the Westin		
Apr 19 2007 	Happy Traveller	My husband and i stayed at the Argent for a few nights in san fran. what a fantastic surprise - we expecting something relatively nice, but it was great. the room was huge and impecable and the location was handy alsoI have recommended it to other friends and would definately stay there again. Didnt eat at the restaurant or room service - there was just too much to do in san fran!	
Mar 30 2007 	Great Stay - Horrible Billing	I stayed here for business one night in Feb. of 2007. The hotel room rate of $120 was amazingly cheap for the quality and location. It is in the financial district, right next to the Four Seasons (which is charging $350 a night). The room, stay, service, staff was exceptional....BUT the billing experience was a nightmare!!I traveled with a business companion, who upon returning home found out that their credit card was was charged for 2 additional nights (plus mini bar charges). The staff said that she had left her credit card open and left her bag in the room. Though my companion had proof that she had flown home (with her bag) and was not in the city during those nights; it took 2 weeks of disputing with managers to get the charges removed. The customer service during the dispute was exceedingly poor. Then upon returning credit to her card, they didn't need to ask for her credit card number, because they had not destroyed the number from her original reservation. Obviously, fraud controls are not in place.Great room - High fraud risk	
Mar 28 2007	Loved the Argent it should still be great as a Westin	i'm a city boy, and so am not turned off by the realities of a city. so i was expecting a few rough edges. and in fact, some services were a bit limited (cause the property is being renovated) but i was pleased to find a staff committed (and prepared) to deliver top notch service. so.. yes parking in the city is expensive, but if you want to take your car in and out - and you may, then pay the valet fee. and please tip. i stayed on the 31st floor, in what i was told was a renovated room. it certainly looked up to snuff. if you book lower, you may be in an older room. but i think even then, you should enjoy the hotel and your stay. but..... if you expect a &quot;resort&quot; hotel, don't come, cause SF is a real city, and you'll just be disappointed.by the way, room all (i'm told) have great views. ours did. but i suspect, the views are better up high. but that would be true with every property.	
Mar 26 2007 	Lovely hotel less-than-great front desk	We stayed at the Argent for 2 days during a recent visit to SF. We chose it mostly because of the price and location (very close to public transportation). We read some of the reviews on here and were hopeful that we would leave wanting to write a glowing review. I'd have to say we came out neutral, mostly because the front desk left a sour taste in my mouth. We arrived at 3 p.m., the check-in time, and &quot;no rooms&quot; were available according to the surly woman at the front desk. Because of the special rate that we had gotten, she alleged that she &quot;could not upgrade us&quot;. When we stated that we would come back after parking our car (we did this at the Hearst Garage across the street and paid less for 2 days than we would have paid for one in the Argent's own garage), she asked us to return in &quot;no sooner than one hour&quot; -- we had just flowin in to San Jose from Chicago (4 hours) and then driven to SF (another 90 minutes) -- I was tired and wanted to rest before we started sightseeing, but this was not possible.However, everyone else at the hotel was lovely, from the kind valet who watched our car while we were inside dealing with surly-front-desk-lady, to the gentleman who put our bags in holding while our room was prepared, to the concierge, who was able to let us know the best way to use public transportation to get where we wanted, the cheapest way to do it, what side of the bus to sit on for the best view, and even recommended a few of his favorite restaurants to us. Our room was fine, on the 5th floor (not yet a Westin room) with a cruddy view (we looked at the Metreon) but we didn't spent a lot of time looking out of the full length window anyway (too much to do in SF!), a clean bathroom, and a comfortable bed. Overall, we would probably stay here again, but only if the price were right as it was this time -- there are too many other hotels in SF to commit to this one after our experience there.	
Mar 26 2007	Great Location	Stayed here March 16th thru the 19th, 2007 and it was perfectly located for our plans. Didn't eat at the hotel. Pleasant employees -very accomodating. Maids knock rather early - 8:30am. Was charged foritems in the refrig that we didn't use (almost all expired) but they removed them promptly when I called. I upgraded our room and we looked out over the gardens and a construction site. Don't think it was worth the $20.00 extra a night.	
Mar 26 2007	Great stay	My family and I (Spouse and 2 daughters aged 14 and 12) spent 4 nights in San Francisco at the Argent Hotel from March 17-21st, 2007. We got to the hotel very early (noon) and was just expecting to leave our bags with the bellboy but the hotel was able to give us our room early. They upgraded us to a room on the 22nd floor and the room was spotless. There was a slight paint odour on the 22nd floor and that was because (I found out later ) that we were the first guests to stay in the room after the renovations on that floor. New carpets, &quot;heavenly&quot; bed, floor to ceiling windows, great view of Market Street and city and even Starbucks coffee in the room. Front desk staff were very efficient and professional. The room rate will certainly go up once the hotel is fully renovated and the Westin name is official- so the opprotunity is now. The only negatives are: you can hear the street cars going down Market Street, and the street people along Market and also on 3rd Street on the way to the hotel,	
Mar 25 2007 	Great location	After reading some reviews, we had some concerns about the room and staff. But to our suprise, we had a great stay, with friendly staff helping us check our bags early and returning later to our rooms 9th flr. We didn't get a free upgrade,but the rooms were very decent and beds comfy. The pillows could be better , but we agree the hotel was alot better than some other high end ones that we have stayed at in Union Sq. on past visits. Rooms were large/ Bathrooms didn't have air vent, which caused mirrors to steam up alot. But price was great through priceline for the room/location. Otherwise asking $200 for standard room was high for this hotel. Especially during the renovation. For those who complain alot, please pay more for the upgrade and realise that you get what you bargain for.I would return to this hotel for future visits when the renovation is done because of the location.	
Mar 16 2007 	Excellent Place to Stay	My husband and I just returned from a four night stay at the Argent. I was very worried about what we'd find after reading previous reviews. However, the hotel greatly exceeded our expectations. The only visible signs of construction were on the outside of the building. We were given a free upgrade to a room on the 26th floor with amazing views. The staff was very helpful, the room was immaculate, and our room had already been transformed into a Westin-worthy room. Everything was excellent!	
Feb 26 2007 	WOW Great Hotel	We stayed at the Argent on 2-21 for 4 nights. What a wonderful hotel. The lobby was beautiful, the rooms were nicely furnished and the bed was heavenly (a W Hotel standard). Floor to ceiling windows allowed for a great view of the city. The Hotel is located just blocks from all transportation (Bart, Muni, buses). Union Square and all of it's shopping in steps away. Arrived late at night had no problems at check-in. Checked out early in the am and the doorman was able to grab a cab for me right away. Every staff member I saw was very friendly. The hotel is &quot;officially&quot; changing over to a W Hotel in late April but it's already happened in my eyes. Get in now before the rates go through the roof!! Awesome Stay	
Feb 18 2007 	Fantastic place to stay!	After reading a couple of very recent reviews from visitors I was concerned that my vist to the Argent would not be a good one - there were a number of complaints regarding the upgrading to a the Westin chain and the impact it was having. I have to totally disagree. The staff were fantastic, my hotel room was stunning, clean, well appointed and obviously a completed part of the upgrade to the Westin. I was visiting San Francisco on my own and the hotel was the perfect setting for shopping and sight seeing with an excellent location and felt very secure. My only criticism would be the automated mini bar system which made it impossible to keep soft drinks I had purchased myself cool due to the sensors designed to generate charges for mini bar purchases. A minor irritation though in the grand scheme of things. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Feb 8 2007	Horrible Experience updated	My boyfriend and I celebrated my birthday in the city. We primarily chose this hotel based on ratings and location. However, we were highly disappointed in the service and the cleanliness of the hotel. We upgraded our room to have a “view” and were guaranteed a room between the 15th floor through the top. Of course, we were put on the 15th floor as there were no other rooms available. With that being said, our room was not very clean. The comforter had black stains, the bathroom door looked like the bottom had been chewed on by a dog, the toilet was leaking all night and the shower drain was loose. On top of that, the bed was ridiculously uncomfortable. In the morning, we decided to check out using the automated check out on the television. That would have been smooth, but the service was “temporarily unavailable”. We had to call the front desk anyway to confirm that we were in fact checked out. We weren’t leaving the city until later that afternoon, so we thought we’d leave our bags at the bell desk. No one was there at the time, so we waited. Ten minutes later, we asked the registration desk, and he said someone will be back. Ten minutes later, still nothing. We ask the concierge, but the two employees were too busy deciding on which restaurant had the best dim sum. After a full 25 minutes of waiting, someone finally showed up, but not surprisingly, they gave us horrible service. When we returned to the hotel to pick up our bags, there was however, a nice gentleman that helped us. That was by far the only positive experience I had there. Oh, plus the floor length window was pretty nice.	
Jan 23 2007 	Not bad but in transition	I will start by saying that I knew going in that this hotel is being transitioned to a Westin. You can tell. The hotel lobby is a mess and there is little dining choices to speak of. Additionally, they oversold the first night and they had to send us to The Palace to get us in that night. Not huge deal since they comped the room AND the parking for one of the cars for TWO days ($85). Frustrating but nice way of making up for the error in my opinion. Staff is moderately friendly. One porter watched me lug my own bags out of the elevator and kind of laughed when he saw I was struggling a bit. He at least got the door for me, but not the kind of service I would expect from this caliber of a hotel.Overall the room was good. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was adequate. It isn't luxurious but the view is fabulous. The TV is microscopic and there are hardly any channels! Be warned, this has one of those honor bars that if you pick up a candy bar it charges your room in 14 seconds even if you put it back. That must be some new thing.Anyway, I would probably stay there again if the rate was right but not top choice if you are looking for luxury.	
Jan 23 2007 	Wait till it becomes a Westin!	My room at the Argent Hotel was atrocious. I didn't realize it was being converted to a Westin, so the whole lobby area is blocked off due to construction. The staff and bellhops were very nice, but when I ever got to my room, I was stunned. I stayed in room 1921 and it was a dump. In college, I stayed at youth hostels in Europe for $20 a night that were cleaner. There is NO WAY this hotel should be categorized at 4-star. There were big black marks and scratches all over the walls, doors and moldings. It looks as though a dog had chewed the corners and floorboards. The rug was dirty and dusty and there were black marks all over the linens and duvet. The bathroom wasn't clean either, there was mold and black marks all over the tub, not to mention that there was some sort of sauce on the bathroom countertop.I stayed here just for two nights, on business (thank god), so my biggest concerns were location and the ability to access the internet. I will have to say that the Argent's location is perfect, at the corner of 3rd and Market, so you're just a few blocks away from high-end shopping, such as Bloomingdale's. But the internet access was terrible! First of all, I must comment that the desk was the cheapest piece of furniture I've ever come across. The drawer kept popping open everytime I sat down and the outlet plugs were tucked away underneath (amongst dirt and dust) the desk along the floor, which was difficult to get to. I had to climb under the desk and push the legs over to get to it. The ethernet cord they provided was actually broken, it didn't 'click' into my laptop, so it kept sliding out. I do travel with my own, but since the jack for the internet was near the electric outlets, it wasn't long enough (most 4-star hotels have plug outlets either in the desk or in the wall ontop of the desk and they have wireless internet in the rooms). Normally, I would have complained, but it was the end of a week-long business trip and I was so busy/tired that I just didn't bother.I love the Westin, so I would consider staying here when it's converted over, but in the meantime, travelers beware!	
Jan 14 2007 	Pleasant stay at The Argent	I stayed at The Argent in August 2006 for a week of sightseeing; it was my first visit to San Francisco. The location is very convenient for tourists, since the cable car is just around the corner, and you can get to many attractions just by walking. All the best shopping is right up the street around Union Square, and there are great restaurants in walking distance. The run-down Tenderloin neighborhood isn't too far, so you have to be a little careful where you wander.The hotel has a nice lobby, and the room was fine. The floor to ceiling windows are really nice, and the view of the bay was beautiful. When we first got to the room, the air conditioning wasn't working very well; we called front desk, and within 15 minutes the problem was solved. On the negative side, there were a few small stains on some of the furniture and throw pillows. Also, the bathtub was showing a little age. Neither of those things bothered me, and the positives definitely outweighed the negative.	
Jan 7 2007 	luxurious hotel	Very upper scale hotel with a fantastic price! Very sound proof rooms with great views of downtown San Francisco. Concierge was always very nice and helpful. Room was very spacious and luxurious.	
Jan 1 2007 	Hard To Beat	We stayed 2 nights here and loved every minute of it.Our room had views of the Golden Gate bridge to our left, Alcatraz in the centre and the Bay bridge to our right.Great place to stay.	
Dec 29 2006 	Had to fight for our room Nice accomodations otherwise	This was a corporate stay for a company function in the city. Although we checked in at 7:30pm (checkin is at 3pm), they said they were overbooked and had no rooms available (the company had blocked out rooms weeks earlier), and that we could &quot;wait at the bar.&quot; When I asked if it was true that not a single room was available, the clerk said, after pausing, 'yes.' Thus began a string of inconsistent answers. As we had to change for a formal event that was starting immediately, I said it was unacceptable and insisted on a room. Then he said there was a room ready for us, but they had to clean it and it would take at least 1/2 hour. Then the clerk told us to change in the gym! We said that wasn't acceptable. Suddenly, a smoking room became available. As this was also unacceptable, we asked that they at least waive the high $42 parking fee if we had to wait, since we technically had paid for the room since 3pm. When we asked for the manager, a non-smoking room miraculously became available. No apology or explanation. Needless to say, we were not happy with the service, even if we eventually got a decent room with some serious prodding. On the plus side, the daytime front desk staff, housekeeping, and valet were very nice. The night desk clerk and manager seemed to needed some training in customer service. The room itself was nice although the bathroom was a bit dated. Overbooking and the lack of apologies would not surprise me at 2 star hotel, but for a 4 star I expected better service and a more forthcoming staff.	
Dec 24 2006 	Luxury Hotel at a Great Value	Our family (with two children, ages 12 and 14) stayed at the Argent Hotel for the first time. We reserved a room through Hotwire and received a very reasonable rate. Also, when we checked in, we received a free upgrade in rooms. Our room was on the 19th floor and the view was spectacular. We had a view of downtown and could see Kearny Street all the way to Telegraph Hill. The window is from the floor to the ceiling. I get a little bit of vertigo in high places but this did not bother me. My children loved the view. The room and bathroom was clean and was in good condition. In fact, the hotel looked like it went through a recent renovation. The beds were a little small but very comfortable.Parking at the hotel is overpriced ($40-plus) but there is parking nearby at Fifth and Mission Streets ($23 for 24-hours). There are countless restaurants nearby from fast food (Quiznos, Subway, Del Taco) to high class. There is also a liquor store/market next to the hotel on Third Street.I highly recommend this hotel if you desire to stay near Union Square.	
Dec 22 2006 	Wonderful Stay!	Stayed weekend of Dec. 16th in Rm. 2105. Gift from our son who has stayed here many times on business, so valet parking was included. Beautiful hotel, lobby inviting and warm (beautiful wood accents), helpful friendly staff and great location. Right around the corner from Market Street, short walking distance to Union Square (all lit up for Christmas, just beautiful), and the new HUGE Westfield Shopping Mall on Market. Nice view from our room's floor to ceiling window. Looked toward bay, and down on Mascone Center grounds, surrounding streets and to the right we could see the architectually beautiful huge Marriott Hotel. We enjoyed a very quiet and comfortable stay. Room size nice, non smoking, with King bed. Two comfortable upholstered arm chairs with ottoman, beside round table with lamp. Also, a nice size desk with chair in room with phone near window, adequate standard , regular tv and a mini bar that we we did not look in, or use. Coffee maker with pre-pkged Starbucks Coffee in bathroom/sink area. There is also a Starbuck's right across the street that we frequented. We did not eat at the hotel, but Jester's restaurant looked very nice. They do serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. We did notice signs stating this hotel is to become a Westin Hotel after the first of the year.	
Nov 27 2006 	Great location bad parking	The hotel itself is very nice and the location (Union Square) is excellent for easy access to shopping and restaurants. The room is average, nothing to brag about. The view from our room was of another hotel a few feet away, blah. However, we found parking to be the biggest problem with the Argent. The hotel only gives you an option to valet park for $42 plus tax per night. Other available parking structures are either far to walk to, are closed on Sundays, don't allow in and outs and are also fairly expensive ($25 and up per night). The hotel staff is unfamiliar with the parking options when asked.	
Nov 19 2006 	Just OK	First off, let me begin by saying that I'm a hotel snob. I'm overly sensitive to decor and cleanliness. That said, let's begin...1. Bring your printed confirmation with rate noted. I read a review about a rate check-in issue by another traveler on Tripadvisor. I always bring a printout, but I wasn't going to take any chances with The Argent. Upon arrival I was given the room rate of $336 for a one night stay. My confirmation (which I printed from their website) noted $189. They handled the issue in a professional manner. 2. Room: Clean and cozy. The glass on the work station needed to be wiped down. The furniture and bedding were upscale in appearance. The TV was freakishly small. It must have been an 18” TV. I have a 52” at home, so I felt like I was a teenager in my childhood bedroom. I reserved a Deluxe room with king bed. The passageway between the TV center and end of bed was about a foot and a half wide. I did say cozy… :)3. Bed: The mattress was hard. It needed a featherbed as you could feel the springs thru the padding. The sheets were standard, say 210 thread count. The pillows were down – big bonus. If I had to rate on a scale of 1-10, the bed was a 6. A simple featherbed liner and higher thread count sheets would make a huge difference.4. Bathroom: Nothing special. Standard tub. The water took about 10 minutes to go from cold to hot.5. Hallway noise: The ice machine was located across the hall. Every hour or so, the ice machine would dispense a load of ice, which made a crashing sound. I woke up a few times during the night due to the noise. Try avoiding rooms next to the ice machine.6. Location: Great location! Shopping 1 block away. Starbucks directly across the street. Liquor and munchies store nearly connected to the hotel. 24 hour 7-11 around the corner. Seriously, the location was the best.7. Workout room: Nothing special. 3 treadmills, a few ellipticals, a recumbent bike, some weight machines. I would say this hotel is more like a 3.5 star hotel. I wasn’t impressed, but I wasn’t disappointed. For under $200 bucks – it was pleasant enough for me. Would I go there again? Nope, but only because I like to try out other hotels. Btw, The Argent will be morphed into a Westin in the very near future.	
Nov 16 2006 	Good comfortable hotel	We stayed at this hotel in March 2006. We found this to be a lovely hotel. Being a short distance away from Union Square it was quieter and did not have the level of traffic and pedestrian noise that some hotels must suffer from on Union Square. We had a room high up and in doing so we did not hear the traffic noise. In addition our room had a floor to ceiling window and a view over towards Union Square, which was fantastic especially at night. The room was comfy and spacious. We had a problem with a constant noise from the extractor fan in the bathroom. When we ask reception to stop it they were very prompt in our request as an engineer came to the room to switch it off. The only down side was the check in which took a long time due to the queue and the length of time it was taking reception to book people in.	
Nov 12 2006 	Mixed Bag	Clean rooms and nice lobby.They forgot to put shampoo and conditioner in the room. They don't offer late night room service. On the way out the hotel receptionist was extremely rude.Overall, didn't like the taste leaving, however good deals for the hotel can be found on lastminutetravel	
Nov 8 2006 	A Wonderful Labor Day Weekend in SF	My friend and I stayed at The Argent Hotel over Labor Day Weekend 2006 in San Francisco. Now despite living nearby the city, I have never had the opportunity to stay downtown. Despite the city was packed that weekend, we were able to get a very good room at a good rate. I thought the room was elegant and well furnished. Despite that we didn't have a fantastic view it was a very comfortable room. The lobby staff was mostly helpful, but were less than proficient at check in. We both feel that it was an excellent value for our dollar.	
Oct 30 2006 	Nothing special..but comfortable	The rooms were clean, the gentleman at the check in desk wasnt helpful or friendly at all. The hotel wasnt anything special. It had a great location, only minutes away from all of the shopping. We will stay somewhere else when we return to San Fran.	
Oct 26 2006 	average hotel good location	The Argent is a tired old hotel in a good location. Signs posted there said it will be renovated into a Westin in 2007, which will be a much-needed improvement. Views from the rooms are great.	
Sep 22 2006 	Good base for Union Square	We stayed at the Argent for the first leg of our honeymoon. We found the hotel to be in a great location for shopping/Union Square and the hotel staff to be very friendly.We had taken a 10 hour flight from Heathrow to San Francisco so were feeling very tired and weary when we arrived. We made the fatal mistake of leaving behind a bag in the taxi that dropped us off at the hotel from the airport. We didn't realise this until we walked into the hotel to check-in. The concierge were fantastic! They played back the CCTV footage, retrieved the cab number and registration plate, and managed to track down the cab driver. Thankfully, we managed to get our bag back, complete with contents, so in our eyes the concierge are our heros!!It took us a while to get checked in - even though there were only 2 people in front of us in the queue. Each time we walked through the reception area/lobby we always found lots of people waiting to check in/out.Once we got checked in we found that they had upgraded us to a deluxe room given it was our honeymoon. The room was spacious, had amazing views with floor to ceiling windows and a well stocked mini-bar. If we were to be picky, the only down side was the bathroom which, in our opinion, is in need of some modernisation. The bath wasn't particulary comfortable which is a necessity when you've been on your feet sightseeing for 8 hours each day! All in all, this was a lovely hotel and in a great location. We fell in love with San Francisco and it's people. Everyone went out of their way to make us feel welcome. What a great way to start our honeymoon .... our next stop, Kauai'i (Hawaii) to rest our weary feet!	
Sep 12 2006 	It is OK	A group of us stayed at this hotel during Labor Day Weekend. Our room was not ready until 5:00pm and once we checked in we found that we had sheet stains on our bed. I reported to house keeping about the stains and they didnt get back to us until 3 hours later. We even had problems with our toilet and asked for a room change. They were unable to accommodate us and the only thing they said was sorry. Also, the front desk services was just ok nothing great about them. They will even charge you $5 if you need to print out your online boarding pass. Even the 3 stars hotel will give it to you for free.	
Sep 6 2006 	Terrible hoitel	I stay in this hotel for my nephew wedding. The services of the hotel is terrible. The front desk staff took us a long time to check out. The room that we stay is next to the elevator. So there was a lot of nosie. The coffe marker they put in the bathroom. Terrible. The TV is so small. The parking is not valet from the hotel guest . Terrible.	
Sep 6 2006 	had a good time...	after reading the reviews here, i was scared to see how the hotel would turn out, but i actually thought it was a pretty nice hotel. but since i know most people like to read what the cons were, here you go:-our room wasn't ready at 3pm (check-in time) which was a bit annoying because i was in dire need of a nap (and the main reason i didn't give the full 5 star rating). we did get a free upgrade. it wasn't a room with much of a view or anything, but it was a corner room, which i'm guessing was more spacious than most rooms. it was definitely much more room than we needed...-parking is $42 a night... so we decided to park at the 5th &amp; mission garage (yerba buena garage), which was $23 for 24 hours. i DEFINITELY recommend parking here... just make sure you park at the northeastern-most corner, and the hotel is only about a block away!-other than that, our stay there was pretty great!	
Sep 6 2006	liked it	the Argent is a good quality hotel in an excellent location just off Market St and close to Union square. The room was big with a couple of armchairs, and all furnishings seemed of a high standard. The bed was v comfortable. In addition, there was a nice gym just down the corridor with a decent selection of machines to use. Any staff we dealt with were friendly and helpful. We booked at short notice and got a good deal from the internet - approx $100 per night. For that price it really is a bargain.	
Aug 28 2006 	A Terrific Hotel	My husband and I are very glad we did not listen to the reviews we read about this hotel on Trip Advisor. The hotel is beautiful and the staff was fabulous. The location is terrific. The rooms are nicely appointed and very clean. Everyone was helpful and very friendly. I can't image why anyone would say anything bad about this hotel.	
Aug 26 2006 	Average	I am just back from a couple of days stay at the Argent in SF, and am not very enthusiastic about the property. Sure this is a 4 star hotel, but there is nothing terrific about it. Checking in at 3 pm after 12 hours flight out of Paris, we found out that they were totally mixed up in the reservations. The agent was quite unable to use the check in system, and we had to wait for 45 minutes before this was sorted out. No really appologies, and not even an offer to have a sit and a drink while the issue was being solved. After a long flight, this is all that you don't expect from a 4 star hotel.The room was quite small, although well appointed. Good point : we had a terrific view.No gym, no spa. Just a basic hotel, with unexisting staff.I shall not return any more.	
Aug 25 2006 	not four star	booked through hotwire but contacted hotel direct to upgrade to a superiour room with a city view at fee of $40 per night.Arrived at Argent after 15hours of flying only to be told my confirmed room was not available due to the hotel overbooking and my 2 children were going to have to sleep on roll aways!!!After much argueing we eventually got our 2 queen bedded room.I say queen bedded well they may be queen beds in the 7 dwarfs house but not when you have 2 grown ups not overly large grown ups at that!!!We asked for extra pillows but got cushions(sofa cushions)in a pillow case as they had no extra pillows not very 4* im sure you will agree general cleanliness was good but the city view was of a crane on a building site(save your $40 and spend it on the city tour!!)And my last gripe is the $40+upto25% parking tax per night was ridiculous.Now onto the good points great location for at&amp;t ball park and the rest of the city cable cars 5 min walk Chinatown 5 min walk Liquor store next door and a starbucks accross the street.Well thats it for the good bits.Even at the $476 to hotwire and our $120 upgrade fee this place seriously wasnt worth the money.	
Aug 18 2006 	Loved It!!	Booked three nights on priceline, but after reading the reviews tripadvisor, we sent a letter to the reservations manager with starbucks &amp; restaurant gift certs requesting a nice roomy double on a high floor. When we checked in, the desk clerk asked if we wanted a king room. I told him I would prefer a double and that I had sent a letter requesting such as well as a high floor. He went back into the office behind the desk and then returned to say that a double room had just become available on the top floor (36th - 3620? I think). We were thrilled with that (my daughter especially !)and we enjoyed the view of the Bay Bridge &amp; Golden Gate Bridge. The rooms were cleaner and roomier than we had expected after reading the reviews. Doormen, desk clerk, and housekeeping service was excellent. We never ordered room service. The only negative was the shower. The water would be scalding hot for about 30 seconds after you turned it on, and after that lukewarm or cold were the only options. But we enjoyed the view so much that we didn't even report the shower because we were afraid of being moved to another room!	
Aug 7 2006	Not a 4 Star Hotel	The hotel is not a 4 star service hotel. Had to wait for room to be made available upon checkin. Upon getting to the room found it to be 1 king bed, not the requested 2 double beds. Taking a massage in the hotel's gym was a mistake. The massage room is located in a room in the middle of the small gym and every noise in the gym can be heard - so it was not very relaxing. A note sent to the hotel manager after the stay expressing dissatisfaction was never answered. The morning breakfast buffet is not 4 star and overpriced for what you have in the way of chocies. The hotel is ideally located and the valet parking was very quick and efficient.	
Aug 6 2006 	pleasant surprise	I booked the Argent on priceline for just $100 a night. After booking, I started reading the recent reviews and was very nervous about staying there, but it was already paid for so we tried it. I sent an email asking for a bay view room but with the price we paid I wasn't really hopeful. I received a speedy reply that they would try to meet my request. We arrived at 10:30 pm. Even though it was late, the front desk clerk was very friendly. Our room was on the 30th floor with the most amazing view of the city and the bay! The floor to ceiling windows are just awesome! Every employee went out of their way to be helpful and friendly. The door man chatted about our day and offered to give any help we needed with directions and suggestions. I never opened a door. The bell staff was attentive and helpful though not pushy. All in all it was a wonderful stay.	
Aug 3 2006 	Okay for price	Booked on their website, they had my name wrong when I arrived (weird), so couldnt find reservation until I gave them confim #. Minibar had 1/2 filled water bottle from previous guest. Booked executive king, got delux with only shower and two doubles - did not adjust the rate. Would not book again, there are better hotels more central.	
Jul 12 2006	Great Location at a good price	I recently went to SF for a one night vacation. A friend had booked a hotel, telling me only that it was &quot;a 4 star.&quot; Ive stayed in some pretty shoddy 4 stars, and its location in SoMa was disconcerting.However, upon pulling up to the Argent, I was amazed by the friendliness of the staff, and their eagerness to help with every aspect of my trip.The room was pretty standard, but well stocked, well appointed. However, as with most hotels, I found an accumulation of dust in out-of-the-way areas. The rest of the room was spotless, and the view quite pleasing. The location of the Argent, 1/2 a block off of Market, made getting around the city by cabbie very convenient.I would reccommend the Argent to anyone travelling to SF, as I would definetely stay there again!	
Jun 19 2006 	Never again	It pains me to not recommend this place, because I used to think it was one of the best-run independent hotels in SF. I stayed there for business a few times, recommended it to friends and associates, and even had a surprise birthday party for my wife there (booked rooms for her parents &amp; best friends for the weekend).I've had happy stays at the Argent over the last couple years, but I'm definitely not going back. The place is starting to look &amp; feel run down, and the service, especially from front desk staff, has been borderline rude. The first time this happened I was willing to give them a second chance, only because of past history, but when the same incidents happened again last month I decided to never go back. I don't appreciate it when I make a reservation for a non-smoking room w/ king bed, and all that's available is smoking rooms w/ 2 twins, and then I'm blamed because I booked through Orbitz or Travelocity (I won't be using either of those sites anymore either). Apparently if you book through an aggregator web site the hotel doesn't care if you get what you asked for, and doesn't care that you've spent thousands there previously.	
Jun 19 2006	Be careful of this hotel!	I would avoid this place for now. Very disturbing the hotel does not want to help the police with its investigation.My weekend stay there was ok. The service at the hotel was below average on the verge of terrible. The room was nice. I could never reccomend this place to anyone.http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2006/06/19/HOTEL.TMP	
Jun 6 2006 	Four Star?	Hotel was fine. Location was good. Just a few things that suprised me for a four-star hotel:* Stains on the bedspread (very obvious dark stains in three places)* Stains on the neckroll on the bed (again, very obvious)* Stains on the carpetOther than the stains, I felt the room was clean. Everyone was friendly.I will have to say that paying $15/day for internet access at a four-star hotel was a bit of a suprise. However, I have to stay in touch so I paid. $229 for a run-of-the-hotel room and another $15 for internet. Wow.If this place was rated a three-star, I would have given it a four.	
May 23 2006 	I'm moving on...	I'll start with the positives. The staff (particularly the &quot;grunts&quot;: maids, etc) were very friendly and helpful. I didn't find the check-in people particularly pleasant, but maybe they were just stressed. The rooms are clean and the location is great. Its just a short walk to the cable car, bus, and BART station. I love this area in SF.The downside is the cost. I paid $170 per night for 4 nights through Travelocity. You want internet access? That's another $15 per day. Parking? $40. You would think with the amount of business travellers they must get being next door to the Moscone Center that they would cater somewhat to that demographic. At the prices they charge you would think they could throw in the internet rather than trying to wring every last dollar they can out of you. I have to go back to SF in June, and I'll be looking for somewhere else to stay.	
May 9 2006	Not What They Think They Are	I should begin by saying that I'm only being generous and giving this hotel 3 stars because the room we ended up in was a free upgrade to one of the deluxe rooms on the 31st floor, and once we were settled into it, it wasn't that bad. The view was fantastic.Everything else however, not so much.The guy who was checking us in was a decent fellow, but certainly not the kind of person who should be alone manning the front desk of a hotel that really wanted to win the hearts and minds of San Francisco visitors. We booked the room on a whim via Priceline and got a pretty good deal all things considered, but I honestly can't see what people see in this hotel. We must have been marked with a little 'price-line' dart when we walked in the door which signaled the staff to be rude and completely ignore us. Ironically, both of us avid travelers and people who tell other people about things like... umm... hotels.The restaurant seems to be a haven of overpriced faux-fancy meals and the staff overall were about as friendly as a bunch of 10 year olds who had just lost a baseball game. We were also told 3 times that we shouldn't expect to receive the same great room next time we came. Well, after that 3rd time, I assured them that there was no need to worry, because we wouldn't be back.In a city as amazing as San Francisco there are just too many great places to stay that will welcome you with open arms, no matter how much you pay for your room.	
May 5 2006 	Great For Business Trips	I was in San Francisco attending a trade show at Moscone Center and chose the Argent because of its close proximity to Moscone. It was overall a great experience. The rooms were attractive and the beds comfortable. The Argent is also walking distance to major shopping areas and museums. My only complaint is that the walls were a little thin which meant that conversations taking place out in the hallway were broacast loud and clear into my room. I would recommend the Argent for business travelers but not neccesarily for romantic or family trips.	
May 5 2006 	Someone else's underpants at the Argent!	My boyfriend told me good things about the many times he stayed at this hotel before, so I was very curious to find out for myself.Upon arrival, people at the reception were friendly, and check-in went very quickly. We received one of the corner rooms, away from the elevators, with floor to ceiling windows. There were some small details that didn't make the room look fabulous (thorn curtains, burn stains on sheets, thorn carpet,...) but overall it looked nice so I didn't complain about it. The bed was very good and the bathroom was clean.On the first morning we opened only one pair of curtains and left the other pair closed. When we arrived back in the room (after housekeeping went through it) the curtains were exactly as we left them, and it stayed like this for the 7 days we spent there. On the third day I moved the chair standing in the corner to the middle of the room (just to see whether they would put it back), and again nothing happened.But all this is nothing compared to our last evening there: When we were packing, I found a pair of underpants on the floor in the walk-in closet (carpeted, so normally a place that should at least be vacuum-cleaned) which didn't belong to my boyfriend or me! I was completely stunned, and I called the front desk to complain about this. The answer of the receptionist to my remark that I had a complaint about house-keeping was: &quot;Oh no.&quot; She transferred the call to house-keeping, I explained the problem (I heard her laughing on the phone, very professional), and the only thing she said was: &quot;Do you think they have been lying there all week? (What the ** do I care, I don't want underpants of someone else in my bedroom.) Would you like someone to pick it up?&quot; No excuses, no nothing.Needless to say I don't think this hotel is worth the money, and we will definitely never be staying there again. Avoid this place!	
Apr 24 2006 	Quite a Nice Place!!	We were just in S.F. for 4 nights at a meeting event held at the Argent. Everything was great. We asked to have a room overlooking the bay and were given a room on the 34th floor - we could see the Golden Gate Bridge, Bay Bridge, Alcratraz and Angel Island. Very nice king bed, wonderful decor. Nice bathroom. As others suggested, TV was small but so what - we weren't there to watch tv. All in all a great experience. We would choose this hotel if returning to S.F. in the future.	
Apr 23 2006	The Argent has gone downhill-watch out!	I have stayed at the Argent a few times before this visit and, while not a great hotel it does have a good location and have grown use to it, faults and all. However this last visit was just after an ownership change and it has gone downhill considerably. We changed rooms a couple of times and each had their own problem from elevator noise to clogged sinks. The thrid room we finally ended up in was a very small corner room that barely allowed us space to get around our luggage. I figured since we booked through expedia they didn't give us a choice of nicer rooms.The usually terrific staff has been cut to the bone. There was never a bellman visable at the desk the entire weekend and the concierge was the worst I've ever come across. When asked to reccomend a restaurant they handed us an outdated list of so-so places and told us we had to call them ourselves! The only service they were eager to provide was a city tour. They must've asked us a half a dozen times to book one, even after we told them we'd been to the city numerous times. This is not &quot;an award winning concierge team&quot; as advertised. The room service food was late and cold. Our dirty tray sat outside our door until the late evening, along with numerous others. What's going on here? This hotel use to be nice but, no more for me. I come to SF a few times a year and will go to another hotel in the future. I would advise everyone to do the same.	
Apr 18 2006	Lost my heart in...........	After reading some of these reviews I was worried having booked through hotwire and being from the UK. Main complaints seem to be about the TV - I am sorry but you are in San Francisco one of the most beautiful cities in the world and you are worring about the size of the TV??????? Maybe being british we can't understand that one! We were traveling as a family (2 adults &amp; 2 kids aged 12 and 8) and we loved it. I called ahead direct to the hotel for a high floor room &amp; we ended up on the 25th floor with views to the bay and to SOMA. The Argent is a welcoming place with a great bar, decent sized rooms, bathrooms are clean and with plentiful shampoo, gel etc. Valet, checkin - really friendly and gave great advice on what to do (we've been before but appreciated the update). Location surely cannot be beaten. The Argent is changing owners so who knows what may happen next however our experience was v good so my advice would be to go for it!	
Apr 12 2006	Loved Argent! Would come back!	My husband and i arrived at Argent on a Sunday about 11:30 a.m. There was a bit of waiting, since more people were checking out. When i explained that we just flew in and needed to go right away to a conference session at Moscone, we had no problems checking in earlier than the normal check-in time. For &quot;discount&quot; Internet hotel reservations customers----------------------------------------------------After winning the bid for $125 per night at Priceline, i read numerous travelers' reviews of Argent. Since it seemed that, even with a discount, we might still be able to a nice room at a higher floor (which according to other reviews should be somewhere above 12th to 15th). We then took an early flight (from NY to SF) to avoid a late arrival, late check-in, and an unsatisfactory room assignment.A very nice, soft-spoken lady named Kathy greeted me at the registration front desk. While she was looking my name up, i asked her if it was possible for my husband and i to get something at a floor higher up. She asked whether we preferred a King or two Doubles, i picked a King, and without any problems she put us on the 15th floor! So my suggestion is, try your best to avoid late check-ins.Size of the room----------------Some travelers were saying that, when they lie in bed, they could literally reach the television with their toes :-) So we were anxious to find out what our room looked like. When we opened the door with the card, we were both WOWing! It was a corner room, and it was NOT small at all!! The first thing that caught my attention was the floor-to-ceiling glass window (as advertised on Argenthotel), and the view, while not looking at neither Bay Bridge nor Golden Bridge, was quite amazing as well. There were some highrise buildings a few blocks away (in most directions), and i am pretty sure higher floors could get better views of maybe the bridges, but overall the 15th floor is already not blocked by adajacent or across-the-street buildings. For the room itself and its layout, please see the pictures attached. (But i thought the pictures still do not show that the size of the room is great.) From my limited sense of direction in a city where i had never been, Room 1524 is very likely facing northeast. Also, through opened doors, i could see that other rooms on 15th floor are more like square layouts. They (e.g., Rm 1507) seem to be larger than the corner room(s), and they seem to have double beds.Internet access---------------Some previous reviews were complaining that Argent charged $13 or so per day for Internet access. Interesting enough, a friend of mine who was staying at a nearby hotel told us that she was able to pick up some signals from the street, and we did! In Rm 1524 for instance, the signal was on and off in bed, yet remained rather stable on the desk by the window.The concierge-------------The concierge at Argent now provides complimentary boarding pass printing (or e check-in). i did not know about this until i made a phone call to the front desk inquiring whether there was any charged document-printing service.What is lacking---------------A swimming pool, since Argent is said to have a 4-star rating! And, one funny thing is, the hotel does not provide shower caps. They probably a hairdryer will do after people wash their faces :-) Transportations---------------i believe most people do their homework before going to San Francisco Bay area, yet i still highly recommend paying $11 at the ticket station (Powell @ Market Street) for the one-day pass, which allows traveling on buses and cable cars. ($18 for a two-day pass, etc).	
Mar 9 2006 	Very disappointing	Just returned from SF yesterday. We had a suite with a good view, but the decor was barely a step above Days Inn. The bathtub had builder's grade tile, for example. As someone else mentioned, the TV screen was too small and too far away from bed. I asked maintenance to come up and move it closer to bed, so we sat for our five-night stay with a TV cabinet moved five feet away from wall toward bed, just so we could see. (Hey, we had to watch the Academy Awards.) Room service food was not great. Room service was not open 24 hours. They would not deliver papers to the door in the morning (although they had them downstairs.) There's no sundries shop. Temperature in room was often too cold and could not be adjusted properly.	
Mar 3 2006 	Very good experience	After reading some of the reviews here, I was expecting the worst, but we had quite a different experience. Rode in on BART and got off at Powell Street. The hotel is a couple of good sized blocks away, but we had no problems with two large suitcases. Because it's a downtown area, there are street folks who live there that make life interesting. Check-in was non-eventful and the young lady there was quick and courteous. We got a 12th floor room that was quite roomy. My only &quot;complaint&quot; was that the tv was tiny and tough to view from the bed, but there was ample room for us and our suitcases. The bathroom was nothing spectacular, but clean and towels were decent. We had a view of the Moscone Convention Center. Since that was where we were going to spend the next 3 days, it was actually a pretty good view. We spent $160 per night. This was a discount due to the Fancy Food Show block rates. We didn't dine at the restaurants at the hotel. Very pricy. Lots of great restaurants nearby.If you can get a good price, I have no qualms in recommending this hotel.	
Feb 12 2006 	All smoke and mirrors	Shabby, despite the glossy lobby - rooms had stained covers on beds, knocked-up furniture, mold on the bathroom walls (which were mismatched tile), and large stains on the carpet. My first room (any room with 17 in the number) apparently backed on the service elevator shaft, which was, as the name suggests, in service all night - the entire room shook! My second room was better, and the front desk staff were accomodating enough, but no one (not even the deaf) should be put in those rooms without being forewarned! A friend's room was similarly worn and tired, and barely big enough to turn around in.	
Jan 4 2006	Don't expect much	Stayed here for 7 nights, the only plus for this hotel is its location. Our room on the 4th floor, the only one available they said, overlooked the fabulous concrete car park opposite the hotel. The room was far too small for a hotel boasting a 4 star rating. Dodging parked cars at the entrance was just not exceptable. The sink was cracked, towels far too small and the toileteries were only supplied on an ad hoc basis. Overall a 2 star rating would suffice this hotel. We would avoid this hotel if visiting SF again.	
Nov 4 2005 	Wonderful hotel in a great location	Our recent stay of 5 nights was everything we wanted in a clean, decent, business-class hotel at a great location (short walk from Union Square.) The Argent feels more comfortable than the nearby Marriott, which can feel like Grand Central when it's busy. Our room on the 24th floor felt spacious, even with 2 queen beds (I'm not sure why the folks on the 31st floor in other reviews were disappointed, but perhaps their room was smaller for some reason.)Nice views from floor-to-ceiling windows on the even-numbered side of the hotel to downtown and beyond. Excellent housekeeping and amenities typical of a business-class hotel, e.g. coffee maker, comfy and stylish cocktail lounge, fitness room, etc.The staff were uniformly friendly, helpful, and welcoming, with knowledgeable concierge services and very chamring, friendly doormen (&quot;Slumming at Gumps again, ladies?&quot;.) (We're nice middle-aged ladies, so maybe we reminded them of Mom.) We've visited San Francisco a few times for business and leisure, and have stayed at a number of hotels. We've stayed here before and would stay again. Excellent price/value.'Not a far walk from many attractions -- Moscone Center for conferences, Union Square, Ferry building, SOMA, cable car terminal, etc.Minor flaws: we had to ask for robes, even though an earlier email confirmed that robes would be in the room. They wre promptly delvered. A lamp in the dressing area was missing, making the area dark. I'm sure it will be replaced soon.	
Oct 20 2005	Argent: B+/A Service: A	We stayed at the Argent Hotel for 3 nights as part of a ten day tour of California. We received red carpet treatment during our stay. I don't know if being part of a large tour group caused us to receive &quot;VIP&quot; service, but our experience does seem much more positive than other reviewers.We arrived at 11 a.m. from a cross-country flight. We were fully prepared to drop our luggage off at the hotel and entertain ourselves until the 3:00 scheduled check-in. To our surprise, our room was ready and we were permitted to check-in immediately.Yes, the rooms are small, but of the hotels we viewed in the immediate area, they are all &quot;condensed&quot; being in the middle of downtown San Fran.We had a terrific bay view on the 29th floor and the decor was updated and contemporary.Eric, one of the conciereges, rocks! He was able to procure reservations for us at prime times at two highly desirable restaurants. We had tried on our own to get into one of the spots, only to be told that the waiting list to eat there was &quot;months long.&quot; He definitely went the extra mile to make our stay unforgettable!The hotel dining room has average food and okay service-typical hotel fare. There are many restaurants within walking distance, with so many choices we tried to eat off the premises when possible. Overall-rooms were small but spiffy and staff went above and beyond to make our stay relaxing and special.	
Oct 5 2005	VERY small rooms... overall just OK hotel	I have gone to San Francisco several times in my lifetime and wanted to try a new hotel. After much research we settled on the Argent for its location to the BART station, proximity to Union Square and Chinatown, and some good reviews here on Trip Advisor. We were really questioning why we decided to try something else from the moment we walked in the door. Nobody offered to help us with our bags which seemed odd but whatever. We then made our way over to the check-in counter. There were two people in front of that were waiting in line. They did not appear to be together and both looked quite puzzled. After waiting 10 minutes with nobody at the front counter to help us, I fear that we had the same puzzled looks on our faces. I finally asked them how long they had been waiting... 1 said about 10 more minutes than we had and the other simply said too long. My boyfriend then took a tour of the rather small lobby area to see if anyone was working that evening after no offer on the bags and a empty counter at check in. He found someone who must have made a call because only then did someone come out of the little office adjacent to the check in counter. He looked as if we had woke him up from a nap. We finally were helped after a 30 minute wait and the gentleman that checked us in was quite nice but still looked a little groggy. On to the room! We thought... THIS HAS TO GET BETTER. Well, not so much it turns out. The room was very small and very outdated. We were in 3224 which did offer a decent view but that is the only plus to this room. I completely agree with the other reviewer that said it was possible to change the channel with your toes from bed as it was that small. It is worth noting that we were in what was considered to be an &quot;upgrade&quot; room which is the deluxe. They have three categories standard, superior, and deluxe before getting into the suite category. So the deluxe was the best of the standard so to speak. I would have hated to see the other rooms. In closing, the only pleasant experience we had was with the doorman on our way out on the town two times. He was very nice. Who knows where he was the night we came in. There are far better hotels in SF for the price of this one. We will NOT be returning to the Argent. Thank goodness there are many choices so as not to be stuck with a sub standard hotel.	
Oct 1 2005	Tiny room 31 floors above San Francisco	The Aregent Hotel was built in 1983 by Air France perhaps that is why the rooms in the hotel are more European (small). We joked that we did not need a remote control for the TV we could lie in bed and change a channel with our toes. The bath was very small and very basic. We were rather more fortunate with the view. The first room we were given was a corner one (even smaller) on the 12th floor; it reeked of smoke. We refused it and were given room 3110 the 31st floor is smoke free. We had a great view of the city, Union Square, parts of the Oakland Bay Bridge and one Tower of the Golden Gate in the distance. The fog rolling in is very interesting to watch. Room service for breakfast was much better than Jesters downstairs. We ate breakfast at Jesters one morning. Toast was beyond them...first effort was simple wheat bread sent it back and it returned burned. The staff were friendly and helpful. Other people in our group agreeded with us the Aregent is a good location but a real disappointment.	
Sep 21 2005	Nice but nothing spectacular.	We stayed in the Argent for our first hotel on our honeymoon at the start of our tour down the west coast of America and as we had just got married we were obviously excited and were hoping to get a really nice room. We checked in at about 8pm after a really long day of travelling from the UK and the guy on the front desk (Jean) was soooo rude - we couldn't get over how rude he was. My husband actually said - &quot;sorry to put you out&quot; - because all we doing was checking in and he was huffing and puffing and just generally had no communication skills. So we were not too impressed with our first encounter!! The room was nice, a bit dated but fine. We were on our honeymoon and didn't just want fine but... The consierge was very helpful and that made us feel better about the hotel. The portors and door staff are also fantastic. The room service food was lovely but very overpriced. There were a lot of business conferences going on and it did feel like we had no personal attention and weren't important guests. The location of the hotel is perfect - a few minutes walk from Union Sqaure and the cable car station that takes you down to the Fisherman's Wharf. Our stay was fine but not what i wanted for my first nights as a married couple. San Francisco was amazing though!	
Sep 19 2005 	Business traveller 	I stayed at the Argent September 11th-14th, attending a conference being held there. ROOMS - were average - nothing really luxurious. I saw a couple different rooms - the room set up seems to be quite varied. CONFERENCE FACILITIES - the rooms were very cold! The lunches were good, although the morning and afternoon snacks were not varied at all day to day - not sure if this was a result of catering, or the conference organizers. LOCATION - well situated downtown - less than a 5 minute walk to Union Square - a $10-15 cab fare to Fisherman's Wharf. SERVICE -no problems checking in - I was able to have really early check-in. Room service and phone charges are a bit outrageous. Consierge was not overly helpful - we ended up going to the consierge at a different hotel to get further help. Overall - I agree with the last review - it is a hotel more geared to the business traveller. I likely wouldn't stay there again unless I had a conference to attend there,	
Sep 14 2005	Didn't feel friendly	The hotel was good, rooms were fine, location was grand, resurant was nice, but my overall feeling for the place is that they cater more for business people and large groups and aren't interested particularly in tourists.Maybe it's just because it's a large hotel in a large city, but was not made to feel welcome/at ease - almost as if they looked down their nose at you. There was no particular incident that can support this, but we just got an overall inpersonal service, which is not what i would expect from a 4 diamond hotel.I would recommend this hotel if you are a business traveller but not if you are a couple of tourists like we were.	
Aug 29 2005 	Underwhelmed. Not deserving of 4 stars/diamonds.	A bit overrated, hardest mattress this side of the Mississippi. Front desk is understaffed. One overworked, over-stressed worker checking people in, while 7 people were in line waiting. This occurred at 8pm, not midnight! Obviously, he was not very friendly at all. Many tours send their guests here. Don't expect 4 star service. One good point, the lobby was very sleek and clubby. Unfortunately, rooms were dated, shabby, stained. The bathroom felt like a Residence Inn.	
Aug 16 2005	Fantastic	We stayed in this hotel for four nights towards the end of a round the world trip. From the moment we arrived until the morning we departed, we were delighted with the hotel and the courteous and helpful staff. Our attractively furnished room was very comfortable, with a beautiful view over the the park and the city. We found the location ideal for shopping, restaurants and tram rides to the bay. We had dinner in the dining room once and breakfast twice and enjoyed good food and service. Our stay was rounded off nicely with a trip to the airport in one of the hotel limousines.	
Aug 15 2005	Very nice visit	We checked in on a Saturday around 4:00pm. Without even asking we were upgraded to the 36th floor. What a wonderful surprise this was and the view was very good. Could see part of the Golden Gate bridge, and the view of Alcatraz was very neat. Very quiet hotel and that is a good hotel for me.We booked through Expedia and got a very good rate. I would defintely come back here.	
Aug 12 2005 	Room service closed during the day	I stayed at the Argent last month and was dissapointed with several things. I was at a convention across the street at the Moscone and came back to my room around noon for a conference call. I called room service and was told that it was not open for lunch only breakfast and dinner. I therefore had to rush next door to the liquor store and buy a sandwich. Unacceptable for a 4* business hotel. The next day I had a late meeting so decided to go to breakfast after a run at around 9:30AM. I was told the restaurant was closed and wouldn't reopen until 11:30AM. Again, Unacceptable. Fedex tried to deliver me a package for pre 8AM delivery, but noone was present at the loading dock. Next time I will be staying round the corner at the Marriott.	
Aug 2 2005 	Boutique style and fairly nice	Had a corner room, high up, with a nice view of the city. Fairly close to Union Square and the financial district. OK check in, nothing too friendly, but accomodating. Marble-style lobby with lots of black and brown. Rooms had the usual amenities, were quiet, and bathroom was nice. Room was in good shape. Didn't eat at the restaurant. Hallways were bright. Elevators were quick. Decent gym. Overall, a good stay.	
Jul 30 2005	Great view and location!	We reserved this hotel through priceline and paid $150 a night for it. We stayed there for 3 nights in July. I was very satisfied with my experience at The Argent. My husband and I came to San Francisco for vacation, and even though The Argent seems to be more of a business hotel, it was great for tourists as well. For starters, the location is unbeatable. We were able to walk to some great cafe's for breakfast (cafe venue and boudin). The conceirge's provided us with helpful restaurant recommendations and directions to sights. The hotel was clean and staff friendly and helpful. We were upgraded to the 19th floor with a great view of the city (no extra charge, though we did have to ask for it). The bed and tolietries are my only complaints -- the bed in our room was HARD and uncomfortable and the pillows were very small. They didn't have very good shampoos, soaps, or conditioners. I felt the hotel would more appropriately considered a 3 1/2 star hotel as it lacks the plushness and amenties that a 4 star hotel has. But for the price, location, and service, and if you get a good price on a room, it's worth staying.	
Jul 12 2005	Great location good value	I've stayed here twice now; once on business last summer, and over the July 4th weekend this year with my wife and 20-month-old daughter. I chose it over the Union Square boutique hotels I usually frequent for a couple of reasons -- the location (closer to to Yerba Buena Gardens and the carousel, half-block from Market for convenience to the street cars, etc.), the size of the rooms and the potential for a decent view, and the fact that they were offering a decent holiday weekend special rate.Despite booking via hotels, we had no trouble getting a 23rd floor room. It was a bit close to the elevator, but we had no complaints about elevator or hall noise. The room, as I expected from my previous stay, was larger than those in most of the affordable Union Square hotels -- an important consideration with a toddler in tow. Our floor-to-ceiling window afforded a nice, if unspectacular, view of Yerba Buena Gardens, SBC Park, and the bay beyond. We elected to skip the crowds of the Pier 39 fireworks on the Fourth, but got to see at least five different fireworks displays from different areas around town from our window -- a pleasant surprise.The room appointments were perfectly acceptable and clean; the fabrics on the chairs showed a little wear if you looked carefully, but were clean and stylish. The in-room safe provided a convenient place for my wife to park her purse and some of the small but expensive items she purchased while there.I've never had occasion to try the onsite restaurant , Jesters-- it's pricey, and didn't seem like someplace that would deal very well with a toddler. There are plenty of other places to eat nearby, and we were there to see SF, not hole up in the hotel all day and night.In-room internet access is $14.95/day, which is the highest I've seen anywhere in the country (including several Manhattan, Boston, and Chicago hotels). In a way, that was a good thing, since I decided it wasn't worth it and had a good excuse to ignore my e-mail for the duration. Phone charges can also be exorbitant, as I discovered on my first stay there -- my cell phone battery died and I'd forgotten my charger, so I had to use the room phone for a couple of local calls and a toll-free conference call, which altogether cost me nearly $100. Didn't make that mistake this time. Since I've been to SF at least two dozen times, often for a week at a time, over the last 15 years, I know my way around and know what there is to do. Given that, and since we weren't trying to do shows and such, I only had occasion to consult the concierge once -- to find out whether the cable car schedule was different on the Fourth of July holiday. Didn't know, and was distracted and not particularly friendly; otherwise, the staff was at least cordial and in some cases friendly.If your usual accomodations are the Four Seasons, Ritz-Carlton, Hotel Nikko, Pan Pacific, or the like, you'll probably find the Argent a bit of a come-down. It doesn't have the character of the Prescott, or the affordability of the Andrews. But if room size and location are among your prime criteria, you should definitely give it some consideration.	
Jul 6 2005	liked it	If I could, I'd give The Argent a 3 1/2 stars. Since I don't have the option to give 1/2 star, I am giving it a 4. My boyfriend would have given it a 5 because of the hospitality, so we compromised. The room was average. We had a corner room so the setting was a little strange and we found it a bit small. We were told at check-in, it was the best guest room they had. The TV was not exactly right in front of the bed, but a little to the left of the bed. We found it a bit difficult to watch TV while laying on the bed. The bathroom was small, and the water pressure was low. Like most hotels in downtown, no matter how high you are, you can still hear the loudness of the city... Despite a very comfortable bed, I had a difficulty sleeping due to the noises: police sirene, church bell, etc.. However, the employees were very friendly and very helpful. I am giving the service: 5 stars. Staying here also made it very easy to go places... a few blocks from Union Square, a couple blocks from Metreon, SF Shopping Malls.. No problem finding things to do... I will recommend the hotel.	
Jul 1 2005	Disappointing	We found The Argent Hotel very ordinary and easily forgettable. The bedroom was adequate, but the bathroom was tiny and outdated and the bathtub so small that any normal sized person would have difficulty fitting in.We had read reports from other tripadvisor members of rooms being dirty, but we could not fault the cleanliness.The public areas were nice and the location was good, but that's about it. If we visted San Fransisco again, we would not stay at The Argent, but would check into the Westin St Francis which is in a better location (overlooking Union Square) and has much more character.	
Jun 29 2005	not worth the price	We stayed at the Argent hotel from the 22nd June 05 for 4 nights. We had requested a king bed high floor room, and had spoken to the reservations dept on two separate occasions regarding the request. We had the displeasure of being checked in by an extremly hostile lady who proceeded to advise us that the company that we had booked our rooms with only had rooms from the 1st-7th floor as they paid a discounted rate. Since i work for that particular company, I was appalled that she would tell myself and other customers this. She did not offer any infomation about the hotel and im convinced she gave us one of the worst rooms. The room we had on the 5th floor overlooked a moss covered roof and the car park, it was depressing to say the least but after a long journey and busy schedule we stayed put. Aside from the view, the carpet was dirty, the bath stained and had mildew and long black hairs in it. The carpets in the corridor were filthy. The next day i asked if their was any other rooms available and was offered a 9th floor next to the elevators, which i refused. At that point i decided to unpack and not worry. The staff were mostly snobbish and rude, like working for the Argent gave them some kind of status that was above yours. The prices were outrageous and the concierge staff distracted and lukewarm. The location wasnt bad, but since the main reason we booked the hotel was because of its floor to ceiling windows offering a great view, without the view and with the poor attitude of the staff, its really not worth the extra money.	
Jun 1 2005 	Dirty tired and unfriendly hotel	I stayed at the Argent in May 2005 and found 1. absence of valet to assist with a rental car, 2. absence of a bellman to assist with luggage when i attempted to check in at 10pm, 3. front desk staff un-attentive and un-aware of the layout of the hotel by giving me a room with a connecting door when i requested no connecting door and far from the elevator 4. room service was not available after 9:30p -- and that was just the check-in to the hotelThe room was small and smelled of smoke, plastic and ---. There were hairs on the floor of the bathroom and the view of an alley. There was a connecting door and the sound of an arguement next door.When I went back to the front desk to ask for a different room, i was told that the only other room available was on a smoking floor. When i went to the smoking room, i found the room to have the same smell of the first room.The hallways of the hotel were dirty (dust, wall stains, scratches), the room was poorly designed so that i could not see the tiny tv from the bed, the pay-per-view movie was of terrible quality. I called the front desk and ask that it be removed from my bill after hoping that the quality of the movie would improve and was told that it would be removed.The bed was ok. Bathroom small and without the amenities of a luxury hotel (i.e. conditioner/body soap, shoe shine kit, sewing kit). Room was unorganized with power chords showing. Only good thing about the hotel was the floor to ceiling windows (which showed fingerprints and smudge marks).I was charged $15 for internet connection, and wifi was not available.Breakfast in the morning at Jesters restaurant was mediocre (at best) where there was a wait for a breakfast table with almost nobody in the restaurant.I will never stay at the Argent hotel again.The W, 4 Seasons, Marriot, Palomar and Palace hotels are 1 block away and know how to take care of a guest.	
May 18 2005 	Am I a snob?	I stayed at the Argent Hotel for a business trip the weekend May 15-17. It was one block from the Moscone convention center and near many great restaurants. Until I read some of these reviews I did not know that this was considered an upscale 4-5 star hotel. I had seen pictures on the website and thought it looked like it was going to be great. It was obvious the hotel had been remolded and updated with modern furntiure and decorations. However when I arrived in my room, the furniture and decorations, while modern were in bad condition. There were beautiful mustard colored high back chairs to sit in but there was a noticeable dark area where most people would rest their heads. The carpets were dirty, the armoire doors were broken, and there were marks left from suitcases and who knows what else all over the walls. Some simple touch up paint could leave a much better impression. The bathroom was worse, the tub stained brown, the shower curtain was old and stained. On a good note, the service was good, concierge was helpful and the location was great. The price is decent too for San Francisco. The view from my room was also spectacular. If you are looking for a luxury experience I would go to the Ritz Carlton or the Four Seasons (a block from the hotel). Its good if you get a deal, but don't expect the best of your life experience.	
Apr 26 2005	Great Value good location	Was a little leary from some of the reviews. Got a great deal via an internet booking. Arrived late and was upgraded to the 30th floor with great views and a larger room.Quality is consistent with hotel of this class, location is great. If you get a good internet deal, don't worry book it. Service is average, but in my case you don't vacation with the hotel staff, as long as they clean the rooms and check you in and out fine who cares if you get a good deal.Note, parking area is a disaster. You can get stuck in the drop off area due to congestion. Find better alternatives than hotel parking. There is a parkade right across the street.	
Apr 25 2005	Freindly service mediocre rooms	Spent a weekend at the Argent mid-April 2005. Pleased by the courtesey of both hotel &amp; valet staff. Somewhat disappointed in the cleanliness of our room, carpet could definately have been more thouroughly vaccumed. Had booked an Asian Art Museum package &amp; upgraded from &quot;Superior&quot; to &quot;Deluxe King&quot;, the difference between the two is 1. A king size bed as opposed to two double beds, 2. We got a room &quot;with a view&quot; looking over the Yerba Buena Gardens &amp; the Metreon complex. I was glad that I had booked the room on a higher floor, because of the layout of the City, as there is little to see from the lower floors.Room service was prompt &amp; friendly, but a little pricey, even for those of us with 4 &amp; 5 star taste!!Received a good deal by purchasing the Asian Art Museum package, room alone would have normally cost $300-$500, but we spent less than $300 on the room, valet parking, museum admission, dinner out &amp; room service for breakfast. By the way, &amp; slightly off subject, the Asian Art museum is beautiful, &amp; most definitely recommended to visitors to San Francisco, or anyone with an intrest in Eastern history &amp; culture.	
Apr 3 2005	not luxury at all	My first trip to San Francisco was great, minus the hotel room.Booked about 3 weeks before my arrival, but when I arrived, was informed that the king/deluxe room I had requested wasn't available (remember I had booked 3 weeks ahead - weekend getaway special) and my partner and I would only have access to a room with 2 double beds and we could ask the next morning if there was finally a king room available.When we got to the room. the view was spectacular, but the room wasn't at all 'deluxe'.There were chips of wood taken out of the light fixtures, the TV was tiny with horrible reception on most channels, bathroom only had one tiny bar of soap (for both the sink AND the tub), the bathtub was difficult to get in and out of if you're under 5'4&quot;....etc.None of which I would deem 'luxury accomidations'.Btw, we never did request the room we had origionally booked. There was a Mexican Soccer Team in for the weekend, and we were afraid of being put in a room either on a rowdy floor, or beside the ice making machine.The view was the deciding factor.I have friends that want to visit San Francisico in the future, and unfortuantly, the Argent Hotel will not be on the list of places to stay, I'm afraid.	
Mar 31 2005	Very Enjoyable	We stayed at the Argent for 3 nights. The property is well maintained, the rooms were clean and spacious, the staff was friendly and the overall experience was pleasant. I would have rated the experience excellent but I was taken aback by a few things. Parking is $40/ night, the prices at Jester's Restaurant are ridiculous ($3 for a cup of coffee, $4.50 for O.J. $15 for a couple of eggs) The consierge (John) was great. We were traveling with our sons 12 &amp; 15 and he's an expert on kids in S.F. All in all if you don't mind the gouging for incidentals and get a decent rate it's a great place to stay. BTW, forget about the hotel workers strike, it was a non event.	
Feb 23 2005	Pleasantly surprised	We stayed here over labor day weekend 2004, having found a good price off of the internet, and were really pleasantly surprised at how nice it was. I already knew the area, having lived in SF previously, but was never aware of this hotel. I found the staff to be very friendly and the rooms very plush-- not huge but nice detail that I did not expect. We were upgraded for free to a room on a high floor and had a nice view with a great big floor to ceiling window. I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it as a great value for the price.	
Feb 9 2005	I wouldn't call it a luxury hotel....	After reviewing the other opinions and the Argent's website, I was fully prepared for my conference stay the weekend of January 22. The conference rate expired before I booked, so I was forced to get a standard room because of the exhorbitant room prices, which were in line with neighboring luxury hotels. I emailed the reservations department for a lower rate, but they never responded.   After reading others' suggestions, I requested an upgrade in room category with a view and they obliged, but put me in a room next to the elevator, which was noisy. I went back down and requested another, and they obliged again, which was nice. I was on the 19th floor, I believe, with a limited view of the bay.  The hotel would like to be luxury, but it is not quite there yet, because the devil is in the details. There are scuff marks on the walls and doors, poor paint jobs everywhere and yes, no shower caps. The laundry bags are actually plastic grocery bags. There should be robes in some of the rooms, but aren't.   The reservation agents are obliging and the concierges are the absolute best. The location of the hotel is a nice walk to the bay [for walkers and runners] and is in a prime spot, as it's just a short bus or cable car ride to anywhere.  The room service prices are too expensive. For breakfast, there is a buffet for about $16, but don't get there even 5 minutes early, because the hostess will not seat you until they officially open. One thing I didn't like was for two mornings straight, she argued loudly with the wait staff about tables, eliciting a few stares.  If you are big on details, I would stay elsewhere. Otherwise, this is a great spot when you get a deal on a room. I wouldn't pay more than $159 unless your travel is reimbursable. My room was $209 and that was too much. 	
Feb 1 2005	Just Fine	I had a deluxe room on the 28th floor with a splendid view over the south bay, very comfortable room , checked out of my gaudy and overdone &quot;boutique&quot; hotel on Geary after 3 nights, how much decor do you really need for a room to be stayable, interestingly my instinct about the Argent was good for me as it is &quot;tied up&quot; with De Vere Hotels in the UK, and two weeks ago I stayed for 5 nights at the De Vere Cavendish in London which I thought was the best hotel I have stayed in during twenty years of visiting London, Argents location is fine and only a short 5 block walk to the theaters etc on Geary and Union Square, in any event there is so much to do in downtown SF, unlike LA !	
Nov 10 2004	Don't check in - Check out	We have also just come back from our visit to San Francisco and stayed in the Argent.The strike was ongoing during our stay and was very disruptive. You couldn't dine in the resturant or go through the door without hearing/seeing the protesters.The hotel was moderate and frankly I was disappointed. Especially after seeing the website and reading previous reviews.Most of the staff are on strike there so they have hired in temporary skeleton staff.Our room was on the 30th floor and even that far up we could hear the protesters outside shouting.The room could have been cleaner and we too got the impression that the bedding was not changed daily.The resturant was average and featured the same set menu for each day of our stay. I think that the award winning chef must also have been on strike!!There was no entertainment within the hotel itself - despite what it says on their website. We felt threatened if we went outside the hotel at night as there are a lot of homeless people in the area.My advice to you ' Don't check in - check out!'If we go to San Francisco again we will stay in the Argonaut at the Fishermans Wharf - the area is really pretty and there are plenty of nice resturants/bars in the immediate vicinty.	
Oct 29 2004 	Very Disappointed	My wife and I stayed at the Argent from Oct 4th-10th for a combined conference/vacation. We were not informed that the hotel workers were on strike and locked out. When we arrived from the airport we were greeted by picketers banging on drums and yelling for us to &quot;check out, don't check in&quot;. They were there every day from 8am-10pm and the racket was deafening. The hotel staff that was working seemed unapologetic and had little interest in making our stay comfortable. There was no room service available, though they were more than happy to give us menus for local take out joints. The housekeeping service was horrible. We had to call to ask for toilet paper and tissues (the tissue box was empty for 2 days). It didn't look like they changed the sheets for our stay as they were wrinkled and just hidden underneath the comforter, which, by the way, we had left a note asking them not to put it on the bed, but they continually replaced it on the bed even after we told them my wife was allergic to the fabric. We could never get anyone on the phone to help us. I would pass on the argent and check and make sure the strike is over before venturing to San Francisco.	
Oct 7 2004	Could have been a nice stay	Room was clean and comfortable, but small. Horrible view of construction site and roof of building next door full of bird droppings. Yuk. I asked for another room, not because of the gross view, but because we were next door to the squeaky, loud freight elevator. Front desk was so rude and unhelpful, I had to ask for a manager. Manager wasn't much better. Reluctantly gave us another room facing the street that was just as loud. I couldn't expect much quieter, I guess. After all this, front desk lost a package that my husband had delivered to him. Desk person was EXTREMELY rude, claiming never to receive it. My husband had to confirm with the sender that it was in fact delivered, then went back to the front desk to actually look for the package himself. When he spotted it, the front desk person was so annoyed. No apologies were given. Staff was friendly upon checkout. Go figure.	
Oct 4 2004	They tried their best	In a town like San Francisco, brimming with high end hostelries, the Argent has its work cut out for it. It is no five star and struggles for that fourth star, in my humble opinion. Though friendly and competent, the staff struggles with rudimentary requests. Every phone call I made to a hotel service unit went to voicemail. I wondered if there was a human being left to run the hotel? There is no room service between 2 and 5 PM, what's that about? The new Four Seasons is right around the corner. I looked longingly at it from my room at the Argent.	
Sep 19 2004	Couldn't fault it	Great place to stay. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. The place is within walking distance of everything and we had a great view from our room. Couldn't ask for a better place to stay really	
Sep 14 2004	OK But No Longer Truly Four Star	The Argent may have one time been a true four-star hotel. However, that is not the case today.The Argent is OK, but one can only ask how many years it's been since the last renovation.And beyond the physical qualities, I really don't like getting up in the morning and finding, as I head for the shower, that there's no shower cap.The Argent is OK --and if ..as in this case .. my expenses were being paid, I would not object to staying there; but if I were on my own, I would go elsewhere.	
Aug 30 2004	bad customer service	I love the Argent but the customer service sucks. I've stayed at this hotel several times and each time I keep giving it a second chance. I'm finally done. I payed for my room in advance when I arrived. On my depature date I checked out and a gentleman at the front desk said that I didnt pay. We eventually settled the matter and I was very happy to get out of the hotel. When I arrived home I checked my paypal account and the guy ran my credit card 2 times &quot;while he was in the back office checking the records&quot;. Luckly I had transferred all of my money out of the account. I called and complained and they said there wasn't anything that they could do. The gentleman at the desk should not have been so sneaky. Especially after I gave him proof that I had paid for my room in advance.	
Aug 28 2004	Ugly view--complained--moved to beautiful view--happy!	My husband and I stayed at the Argent 8/20 - 8/27/04. When we checked in, a young woman at the front desk gave us a room on the 11th floor with a horrible view of two water tanks and an ugly building. She said we would have to check back the next morning to see if any other rooms were available. Not wanting to unpack any of my luggage and re-pack it the next morning, I called and spoke with a man who also worked at the front desk. He moved us into a room with a beautiful view immediately, with no questions asked. Overall, we enjoyed our stay. The bed was wonderfully comfortable, and the valet service was prompt and efficient. Here are a couple of &quot;dining&quot; tips: Go left out of the hotel and left onto Market Street to 7-11 (about 1.5 blocks). Two donuts for a dollar. Huge, excellent apple fritters for $.99. Directly across Third Street is the Yerba Buena International Market, where you can get excellent, inexpensive Asian lunch buffets.	
Aug 25 2004 	Lovely hotel POOR service	A colleague and I (we are both female, late 40's)reserved a deluxe room for a July 2004 weekend at the Argent. Due to a formal function we had to attend, the only flight we could book had us arrive at the San Francisco airport before 8am. I had called 2 weeks prior to our arrival to see if early check-in could be arranged, explaining that we needed time to get some sleep and prepare for our affair. A very polite gentleman advised that the request was &quot;...no problem...&quot; and gave me a confirmation #. I called to advise of our pending arrival as soon as our car was on route from the airport. I was (almost indignantly) informed that the hotel was booked and early check-in was out of the question. The lady supplemented with a curt, &quot;No one would EVER guarantee that, ma'am.&quot; We arrived ~ 9am &amp; were advised to return 4 hours later at 1PM. by then cautious, we returned at 2PM &amp; still had to wait quite a while until we were finally given a room. The desk supervisor acted as if we were being unreasonable to have expected better - after all, they were &quot;...98% occupied.&quot; Wonderful accomodations, lovely hotel -- dampened by poor service. Kudos, however, to the concierge - who eyed us sympathetically as we sat for 2 hours in the lobby &amp; rushed our bags to our room before we were advised it was available. I travel frequently &amp; internationally; can easily state that this was the only truly unpleasant hotel experience I can recall. The Argent desk staff can stand some lessons in courtesy &amp; customer service from other properties. The Westin in Long Beach, CA and the Atlanta Marriott Marquis would be good places to start.	
Aug 24 2004	disappointed	The only thing going for the Argent as judged by my 3 night experience last week are the Concierge and parking staff. After checking the website and reading all the preview emails from the Argent before our arrival, I was excited towards our stay for our first trip to San Francisco. In my mind, the floor to ceiling windows left me with a beautiful vision we would see of the beautiful skyline of San Francisco. Since we arrived from Boston at close to 2 A.M., I somewhat brushed off the aloofness of the front desk clerk who checked us in thinking he may have been as tired as we were after our journey of 11 hours to get there. A &quot;good morning&quot; would have been appreciated. We found our room assigned to us on the 7th floor, rushed to draw the curtain to take peak at the lovely view described of the skyline. Gee, we had a dark and vacant office building to our left, a parking garage to our right, and the vents(?) to the building below us. Not quite the view I was expecting. Being exhausted, I just crashed to get a few hours of good sleep. (I must admit the mattresses were very comfortable.) That good night sleep was impossible.......our room was abutting the elevators!! Well, In the morning, I expected to see quite a busy lobby,&quot;perhaps booked to capacity&quot;... maybe justifying the worst located room.. Well, I didn't see the overabundance of guests floating around the quiet lobby, so at this point I was very disappointed and felt very misled by the Argent's website and the front desk clerk. In all the 5 hotels we stayed during our California vacation, every one offered a friendly courteous greeting and an option of room choice except the Argent. So for three aggravating nights, we put up with the elevator shafts and the not so lovely view. The &quot;customer service&quot; just was not there. Sorry to say, when I do a return trip to San Francisco, I will not stay at the Argent. I wish the ene- mene-mine-mo landed on the Hyatt.	
Aug 22 2004	Nice aesthetics poor service	The Argent Hotel in San Francisco was recommended to me by a business associate, I will most definitely not extend a recommendation for the Argent Hotel. I stayed at the Argent for two nights, 8/14 &amp; 15 and the problems commenced upon check in. The rooms were reserved on a company American Express card and were supposed to be pre-paid. Upon check-in, the clerk insisted that I give him one of my credit cards; which was fine because I was under the impression that since the rooms were pre-paid so my card would be used to cover service items such as valet parking and meals. But even after I told him that the rooms were pre-paid, he continued to charge the rooms to my card. After registration was complete, I noted that I was charged twice for the room, I tried to resolve this issue with the clerk but he assured me that there was nothing he could do. I than asked to see the manager. The manager had to double check everything that the clerk had already done, and asked me all the same questions, she than saw that the room was indeed pre-paid. After check-in, everything seemed to be quite nice. The rooms are well appointed and the public areas are very pleasing. The next morning I went to retrieve my car out of valet; after I got in the car I had realized that I was missing all the keys off the ring except a valet key. I asked the valet attendant what had happened to the two master keys to my rental car, and he said that he had no idea and I should check my bags. I told him that when I arrived the day before, the hotel entrance was very busy and a different valet attendant told me to leave the car running (thus the key in the ignition) and my bags and car would be taken car of. He assured me that I was lying and had no idea what I was talking about. I know that when I received the car at the airport, it had two Cadillac master keys, and a plain gray valet key. I don’t park cars for a living, and subsequently have no use for a valet key. After the valet attendant had raised his voice to me, I asked him to call the manager so we could get this issue resolved, he replied that he was the manager. So, I asked him to call the hotel manager, the same woman who had to take care of the billing issue the day before. After about 10 minutes passed, the manager came out and got my and the valet attendant’s versions of the story. After she had spoken with both of us, she gave me a breakfast coupon, and said that they would look for my keys. A breakfast coupon…I would at least expect a refund on the parking ($39) but I suppose you have to pay that much, plus tips, just to get your keys stolen and get called a liar. Now because it was a rental car, I can’t hold too much of a grudge on them for stealing the keys, but if it were my own car, it would be a different story. I can however say that the service was much under expectations, and should have been more professional for a hotel in this league. If you have stayed at the Argent and had noticed lost items from your vehicle (ex: keys, cell phones, etc.) you should try calling the valet booth; while speaking to the valet attendant, he opened a drawer full of keys and phones. If you’re looking for a comfortable, convenient, luxury hotel…try the Four Seasons.	
Aug 21 2004	An excellent option in the Union Square district	I regularly attend conferences in downtown SF and I've tried a lot of hotels over the years. I spent a week at the Argent last time and -- as long as I can get a good discount on the rack rate! -- I'll stay there again. I've been lucky to stay in hotels elsewhere with an even higher standard of service, but I could find nothing to fault here. Stylish decoration, large comfortable beds, spotlessly clean, spectacular views, helpful staff. I didn't eat in the hotel restaurant at all, but the food at a reception we held was excellent.	
Aug 16 2004	Bravo!	We stayed two nights at the Argent in Aug 2004. The location is great! Cabs regularly stop for hire. We had rented a car but quickly realized that a car is more of a liability! Parking at the Argent is $36.50 per night if you don't get the 'park &amp; play' rate. The rooms are tastefully decorated with one of the most comfortable beds I've slept in. They have down comforters and crisp sheets. The bathroom tub/shower does need a little work though. Ours had some minor mold in the grout. Other than that, the hotel is great and we will definitely stay here again!	
Jul 28 2004	Great Location	Overall, I was very happy with the hotel. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the location is great - easy walking distance to Union Square, shopping and excellent transit access to all the tourist sites. I was attracted to the the hotel by the great internet deals, however, it did come at a price. Our first night was fine but night two our floor was mobbed by a group of high school atheletes likely on the same internet deal. The kids were rowdy and, needless to say, we hardly got any sleep. The hotel did resolve the problem by moving us to another floor for the remainder of our stay. If you are planning a tourist adventure to San Francisco, I still believe that this hotel should remain as one of your top choices. If you are contemplating a hotel around Fisherman's Warf, don't. It is an overated tourist trap. Besides, the warf is accessible by a 15min transit ride from the Argent.	
Jul 14 2004	Good location nice rooms	We stayed here one night. It was a nice location, clean hotel, nice little bar. Nothing spectacular but really great for the price we paid. Beds were qutie comfortable. Showers are something to be desired. They need some updating. We come to San Fran often and this hotel is a good spot. We would stay here again if we were in town for sure!	
Jun 13 2004	Wasted Potential	The Argent is potential wasted. Rates are usually good but everything else is downhill. Having stayed here 4 times I must say the hotel has issues. If it is full forget getting breakfast, it took us over 1 hour in the restaurant. Rooms can be very nice but once I found rotting food under the bed, once I found dirt everywhere and once my room was triangular/tiny and most uncomfortable. The Front desk staff are useless and expect issues checking in and there is no hope they will solve problems. On the brighter side common areas are lovely, some rooms are great and the bar is nice. 	
Jun 3 2004	My room was given away too!!!	I made reservations two nights before my stay through the hotel website for the park &amp; play rate of $159.00 which included 2 double sized beds on floor 4-7 with a limited view. Which was fine since I was a native of San Francisco and only wanted a comfortable place to stay in a nice hotel. I called at 7pm the night of my reservation to see if it was ok to check in later that night or if I should stop in before going to dinner. The guy at the front desk assured that my room was already reserved and waiting for me and that I could check in as late as 3am. I got there at 10pm and pulled up to the valet and the bell boy was busy with someone else. So I loaded my own bags onto a cart and rolled them into the hotel myself. The lady at the front desk told me she had two parlor rooms available on the top 36th floor of their hotel with a gorgeous view but there was only one queen sized bed in the room. She explained that this was part of a suite that wasn't rented out, but was twice the size of any standard room. I asked if I could see the room first and come back down and tell her if I did or did not want it. She said fine so I went up. As soon as I walked in I noticed there wasn't even a bed, the bed she was talking about, was a sofa bed. The room was rather large but there was a huge meeting table taking up half of it. I could care less about the view of Yerba Buena Gardens either. I had the bellboy who finally showed up to bring my bags up call down, to say this would not do. I was told there were no other rooms left, so I was stuck in this one. I immediately went down to the lady at the front desk that also confirmed this. I had a horrible evening of tossing and turning on the warped sofa bed and got no sleep &amp; my wife &amp; two kids weren't comfortable either. They gave us a lousy discount of $60 for giving our room away, but that was given right back in tips to the bellboy, valet, and the guy that had to put sheets on our sofa bed. I will never in my life stay here again! Even if you make reservations through the hotel themselves they will not honor them unless you show up at 3pm or something?	
May 31 2004	disappointed!	I recently stayed at the argent with my boyfriend. We stayed for one night. The pictures online were gorgeous, and I just kind of randomly picked this hotel. When I checked in, the woman working the front desk wasn't very friendly. She did her job, and she did it efficiently, so I guess I shouldn't complain. None of the staff seemed terribly friendly, but perhaps this is because I am 20. The room was tiny, and I think the bathroom was almost the size of the bedroom. It was strange. The bed was small and only moderately comfortable. The pillows were excellent, though! The television was placed in a weird spot, next to the bed instead of at the foot of the bed. The following mmay be a minor detail, but it really annoyed me at the time. THere was no indication of where the ice machine is. I was extremely tired, and all I wanted was a glass of ice water, and I had to walk the entire length of the hallway of the eleventh floor to find it.I suppose the suites are really nice, but the lowest rate rooms are not. The Argent is trying to be a luxury hotel, and at first glance, it seems that way. But upon closer inspection, it is your average hotel. I would much rather stay at a run-of-the-mill hotel such as a Best Western or something where the rooms are bigger and the staff is friendlier.  I will not be staying here again.	
May 30 2004	Good place. Excellant Value.	Nice place. Helpful staff. My basic King room was spacious enough and even had a small dressing area with dresser near the sink. I found a good deal on a travel site that included free parking; a $39 value in that part of town. The only thing that might keep me from staying here, again, on business, is lack of hi speed internet in the basic room. Close to BART.	
May 6 2004	Loved it!	I booked the Argent because of location. It is a half block from Market St where you can catch BART, F Train, Muni or buses so it is very convienent. As it turns out it was a a great hotel too! The rooms are very nice, and clean too. The windows go from floor to ceiling so it only adds the great views of the city. I love the Deco decorations through out the room and hotel lobby. The Argent offers great rooms and has a great location too!	
Apr 18 2004	Small room	My husband and I stayed at The Argent March 30 through April 5, 2004. We had a convention rate (National Court Reporters' Association) of $145.00 per night. Our room was on the top floor and had a nice view of the bay. However, the room was very small, about 10 X 20, with the TV in the corner at the head of the bed on the opposite from the chair. There were no drawers except the little lap drawer of the desk. The closet rod was about waist level for hanging folded slacks but not high enough to hang a dress or hand slacks by the hem or waist. I think the room was just a space they had left over and decided to stick a bed in so they could rent it to some poor souls such as us. The least they should do with this room is offer it at a substantially reduced rate.	
Mar 20 2004	Loved This Luxurious Hotel!	This hotel was definitely classy and beautiful. We got a great deal when booking online. The rooms were gorgeous (Contemporary furniture and accessories) The hotel staff was pleasant and helpful. As with several other reviewers, the only problem we had was when checking out, there were charges on our bill for items in the fridge. We talked to the concierge and the items were deducted immediately without a hassle.	
Jan 30 2004	Billing Problems left a Bad Impression	The hotel was nice enough but like other reviewers have noted, we had problems with the billing when we checked out. We booked our room under a special holiday package that included parking. When checking out not only were we charged for parking, but the desk blamed the billing problems on the way we booked our reservation. After reading the hotel reviews before we stayed at the Argent, I had printed out my information as I made my reservation and showed them how we had reserved the room correctly. The experience left me with a very bad impression about this hotel.	
Jan 21 2004	ok but not great	The hotel is overall very elegant. The problem I had was I booked through expedia and was given a very small oddly shaped room. In addition it smelled of urine. I told the front desk but they didn't seem to care. Otherwise the bed was very comfortable.	
Dec 5 2003	Good Value		
Sep 24 2003	First Class all the way!!		
Sep 8 2003 	Nice hotel but ask what is being charged to your bill at check-in		
Aug 24 2003	Location Location Location!!!		
Aug 11 2003	Gave my room away!		
Jul 22 2003	Beautiful but lacking		
Jul 20 2003	Great hotel		
Jun 4 2003	Great Hotel		
Mar 14 2003	Not what I expected...		
Jan 13 2003	Nice Hotel		
Nov 23 2009 	?????		
Sep 25 2009 	consigliatissimo		
Sep 24 2009 	??????		
Sep 13 2009 	Ottimo hotel a prezzi contenuti		
Sep 9 2009 	tolle Lage direkt am Union Square		
Sep 6 2009 	Hotel costoso!		
Sep 5 2009 	??????????		
Aug 2 2009 	Gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis mit Abstrichen		
Dec 26 2008 	??????		
Nov 5 2008 	Tolle zentrale Lage		
Oct 31 2008 	?????????		
Oct 2 2008 	top design super emplacement		
Sep 29 2008 	Bel hotel mais chambre bruyante!		
Sep 8 2008 	Westin		
Sep 1 2008 	rien d'extraordinaire		
Aug 27 2008 	buon hotel		
Aug 25 2008 	Ottimo albergo!		
Aug 25 2008 	ottimo hotel		
Jul 31 2008 	Klasse-Hotel in Superlage		
Jun 25 2008 	Vista su Alcatraz		
Jan 14 2008 	Gran inicio de viaje		
Jan 7 2008	Ordentliches Hotel		
Jul 11 2007 	Este hotel es fantástico! Lo recomiendo!		
