	Great if you love barking dogs and paper thin walls	What a huge waste of money! I thought that a Starwood Hotel would be nicer than what we ended up with. The first night was ok, but there was very little you could do about the heating and cooling in the room to be comfortable. You could leave the air on to keep fresh air circulating and have it blow on your head all night or turn it off and be suffocating in a room with dead air. There was a very fine line between the AC being on or the heat.  I was expecting that the beds would be of the same caliber as the Heavenly Beds at the Westin. Not! The beds had these awful feather bed pads that were crunchy. Not exactly what I want to lay on. Feathers are one thing, feathers with quills is another. It made the bed super hot when you had only a thick, hot duvet to use. This is San Francisco, not Siberia. It was a bit of an overkill. The second and third nights we got the pleasure of listening to a yappy dog all night long and if the dog wasn't barking it was because the owners were busy yelling at it. The walls were so thin and cheap that we could hear every single word of the conversation in the room next to us. When we called to complain about the dog, the lame stories of how the owners aren't supposed to leave the animal unattended come out and we get send bagels and coffee for breakfast as an apology. Thanks, but some sleep would have been preferable to the bland cream cheese you send with the bagels. We had to call 3 more times to complain about the dog barking. We were given the option to move, but why should I have to pack up my family and move because some idiot can't leave a dog at home. Dogs aren't babies, they can't be toted to restaurants and stores. They need to stay home. I am so disappointed that the W allows people you bring their dogs and ruin everyone's sleep. They have lost my business for good. I'll be back at the Westin.	
Nov 24 2009 	There are much better places- Keep Looking	As a frequent traveler I depend upon tripadvisor, but till now have never written a review on here.I traveled on a month long road trip for vacation, and stayed at many Starwood Properties across the Western US and Cananda. I stayed here only 1 night, I pllaned to stay longer but called SPG and asked to be moved.This hotel was the worst W I have ever stayed in. ( I have stayed over 100 night in Starwood Properties.), I went to chek in around 4 p.m., I was told that the room was not ready. Go wait in the bar (and spend some money.) When I got my room key 1 hr later I was put on a low floor in a very small room. I called the desk and informed them that I am a Platinum Member (meaning 25 nights a year +) they said this was the best they had... humm, it was Labor Day weekend and the Hotel didn't look half full.No free water int he room as a platinum member, but oh well. ITiny Room. I went to take a shower, while drying off and preparing the dress housekeeping entered my room without knocking.... Didn't mean to flash the housekeeping staff, but it happend. After this I put the deadbolt on as someone tried to use the key card to enter again.After dinner I returned to my room. Looking through the &quot;Whatever, Whenever&quot; Menu I noticed that they had movies on DVD for use to guest, I went through the list and selected a couple. I went to the front desk and requested them, they stated that they don't have movies anymore because no one returned them. They recomeded purchasing PPV movies on the television in the room, again more dollars for the hotel.That evening I called SPG and asked to be moved to a different hotel. This is not an inexpensive hotel, but found that you get gouged, as a Platinum SPG member I evpeced more. Would I stay there again... NEVER!!	
Nov 16 2009 	Smart hotel but avoid bedrooms near the lifts.	Stylish, modern hotel in convenient, city-centre location. Spacious, well-equipped rooms with comfortable beds and some spectacular views. Do avoid bedrooms near the lifts (sorry, elevators), as our sleep was disturbed by the frequent whining noises.	
Nov 14 2009 	W SF: Always great service atmosphere and staff	I travel to SF once a month and stay at W SF. The staff has always been helpful, customer service is great, rooms are spacious and spa experience was fantastic	
Nov 6 2009 	W gets a B	W is doing something right. Once a trendsetter in popularizing boutique hotels, W is now on the tamer side of progressiveness, but don’t tell that to the mob in the lobby. While some hotels are conceived as a home away from home, I think of the W as a nightclub with beds upstairs. From the moment you walk in (and regardless of the hour) you’re enveloped by the thump-thump-thumping of music, an organic lounge seating area that begs you to check out who’s who, and no shortage of hipsters who collectively turn and check you out as you pass through the door and then dismissively return to their small talk. You don’t get that at the Westin across the street.In San Francisco, the W will always be relevant because of its location. I stayed there because it was directly across from Moscone, and for a convention there’s simply no better place. The dichotomy between badge-wearing conventioneers and twentysomethings is a little awkward, but it makes for interesting social mixing. If you’re going boutique, I’d put the W SF several rungs below the Hudson in NY or Delano in Miami Beach or any of their brethren. It remains more homey, however, than the stark modernism of the new St. Regis next door or Intercontinental one block down. The room worked for me. Smallish (no surprise), it was more residential and quirky than I expected. I liked the playful accessories – the foot massager under the desk (every hotel should have one), the glowing Buddha, the kaleidoscope, the bench running the width of the room along the window with the block of wood as a step, the wealth of stationery and things with clever phrases on them. The bathroom was fine – I like the Bliss products – tangy without being silly. The bed was heavenly as expected. On the other hand, the plantation shutters make absolutely no sense in a city hotel – you’re stuck with them blocking your view in the middle of the window if you open them, they don’t black out the light, and they’re a pain if you’re sitting on the bench presumably trying to look out the window at the fantastic skyline. The clock radio was too cool for its own good – I prefer digital clocks with the correct time that I can read in the dark instead of a 50’s style form-follows-form piece. The room was too dark and turning the lights on (and the Buddha off) required more reconnaissance than necessary. And finally, the $14.95 for internet access in Downtown San Francisco is frankly insulting to Steve Jobs and everyone else who made Silicon Valley what it is - even a B&amp;B in Vermont gives it to you for free these days. Guys, charge another buck at the bar if you have to.Downstairs, the food was good in the restaurant and the prices reasonable, the fitness center serviceable, the pool a welcomed surprise and their kiosk to print out boarding passes very handy. The service was fine, nothing exceeded my expectations but no disappointments either. The free Acura shuttle was perhaps the most memorable part of my stay, they swept me away to an outstanding Greek restaurant for dinner - Kokkari Estiatorio – splendid lamb chops. My one recommendation to W is to change up the music in the morning so that it doesn’t feel like I have a hangover in Vegas when I’m coming down in the elevator.All in all, a pretty seamless stay. All the reliability of a Starwood corporate standard with a touch of edginess for the young and the young at heart.	
Nov 5 2009 	W San Fran	Hotel was nice. On the hipster side as all W hotels are. I didn't like to have to pay to go to the lounge as a hotel guest. Rooms were small.	
Oct 26 2009 	Much better than anticipated	We spent 4 nights here on a girl's trip around California. The standard twin room was much larger than anticipated and there was enough room for the 3 of us. The rooms were clean and service was ok. I particularly liked the Bliss Spa products in the room (but am a fan anyway :0). House keeping was good, concierge helpful and hotel Bar apparently trendy (not something that I would notice!!),I would recommend this hotel for location and rooms. I haven't stayed in other hotels in SF but for the price we paid it was reasonable and enjoyable.	
Oct 19 2009 	not too cool for school	My husband is a fan of &quot;W&quot; hotels and I am not. We stayed five nights at this hotel and received the same quality of service that one would receive from a medium priced hotel. I was very disappointed with the service from the front desk, who seem to cater to the big spenders vs. the average person, which I found offensive. The room was small and the furnishings cheesy. No class to this hotel at all. The nice feature at the hotel was the Acura experience. Loved that feature and the driver and all associated with it were great. On the day of checkout, I looked at our bill and we were charged for a breakfast that we never ate. The agent seemed very suspicious and questioned me about it. I told him we never ate there and he pulled up the bill and he said it showed that we signed for it, which was pretty scary since we didn't socialize with anyone at the hotel. It was eventually taken off our bill, but like some folks have said on here, you shouldn't have to check your bill at these supposedly swank and well run hotel. So, look at your bill carefully! Also, a downer that they do not included high speed internet. Young and hip crowds should expect that they get their internet for free. Overall, not very impressed with a $500+ a night hotel that offers little for that amount of money. Never staying there again, but I am sure my husband will :)	
Oct 10 2009 	Always enjoy the W	Earlies comments about the rooms ...slatted drapes that don't keep out the light fully, and glassed sliding bathroom door that doesn't leave much privacy.....100% on the markMusic puming at 7 am as you go out to get you coffee .....also 100% true.$45 for 4 hours of parking ....100% trueBut I guess W has done a good job of branding becasue I always enjoy it. We had a great 3 nights. The room was clean, bright and spacious. Staff friendly and helpful.	
Oct 8 2009 	Served a need... almost too cool for school.	Stayed there for a week while attending a friends wedding. Have stayed in LOADS of starwood hotels and Im not quite sure about the &quot;W&quot; brand... seems like they are trying just a bit too hard to be cool. The room was roomy enough for SF, nothing to complain about with the decor or condition of the room (nothing to rave about either). Staff was friendly- even were let up to the roof for some great views by a electrician that we happened to speak to in the elevator which was neat. The best thing at the hotel was perhaps the Acura car- they would take you anywhere in the city for free (w/in 1 mile but that wasn't enforced) considering it was actually hard to catch a cab from the hotel sometimes this was a great bonus. Oh and ditch your car- its $40 a day to park... you dont really need one in SF anyhow... trust me it will only lead you to frustration if you are not a native :). Only downside to the place is that its across the street from the convention centre- great if you at a convention... not so great if you are not. Seems to be the hot spot for mid-day, afternoon, and evening drinks for people from the centre meaning that the bar/ entire lobby area is ALWAYS packed with people.... during the week stay I had the unfortunate luck of getting 2 drinks spilled on me as I was trying to get into the hotel! Overall think that the brand is trying a bit too hard. We stayed at the Place hotel when we were in SF last time and I would totally stay there again over the W.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great trendy hotel although focus is clearly much more on big spenders than on all guests	The W is a very trendy hotel that is well located and has beautiful rooms. They also make an effort to leave out drinks and a snack while you wait to check in. Just be warned that the concierge is more focused on impressing the big spenders than on helping you find a charming dinner restaurant.	
Oct 8 2009 	Contemporary sanctuary	W Hotel is a very hip, trendy and accomodating place to stay. Rooms were small but comfortable. The staff was very attentive and willing to go the extra distance if needed. Loved the riding in the W experience Acura. Driver was very nice and polite	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful Funky Hotel	I stayed at the W in San Francisco for one night during a business trip and really enjoyed the hotel. This was my first stay at a W property and it definitely had a younger and hipper feel than other Starwood hotels. The hotel staff was very friendly and the hotel and room seemed very clean overall.My room was stylishly, yet comfortably decorated. It had a nice king size bed, large desk area, flat screen tv, closet, and window seat with bridge view. The room was a nice size, but not huge. They made the most of the room size by adding a built in desk with tv hanging over top. The room's window seat was a unique touch. The room, like the hotel overall, had funky and hip decor touches like a glowing color changing Buddha lamp, kaleidoscope, alarm clock radio with ipod dock. The bathroom was clean and a good size and had some trendy decor as well. However, the bathroom door was made of a frosted glass which was slightly see-through and didn't have a lock. This was fine for me since I was traveling alone, but may be inconvenient to people traveling with friends or kids .I liked this hotel much better than the Westin St. Francis (another Starwood property in San Francisco). The St. Francis caters to a much older crowd than the W. Overall, I really enjoyed the W hotel and liked the funky decor. I would recommend this hotel to business, couples, and younger (or young at heart) travelers.	
Sep 25 2009 	Beautifully Appointed Hotel near Union Square with exceptional customer service	Fantastic views from this hotel and its in a prime location as it is near union square, the shopping meca of San Fran. It is also near the BART and all buses pass right in front of the hotel making it easily accessible to anywhere we want to go in San Fran.The customer service was on-par. When I arrived their entire computer system had shut down and even under pressure with a high volume of clients walking in, the staff remained calm, organized, and in control. They were very accomodating and upgraded many guests to a nicer room for the short wait in line. The concierge was very helpful and on-point with a recommendation of a new asian restaurant nearby that made our night illuminous. Superior service!The decor is upbeat contemporary and culturally inviting, I loved the detailed touches like the buddha accent lighing in the room, spacious bathroom, cd in the cd player and the lighting and overall ambiance was romantic and posh.A wonderful overall stay, I would highly recommend and will surely be back again in the near future.	
Sep 18 2009 	Whatever room in a Wow location.	The W hotels really try hard to be trendy and young. I guess I am over it now. (almost 40!) Still, I loved the Bliss shampoos and stuff. I did wish the expensive corner room was a little bigger for the price. It is very small and feels cramped. The modern furniture is wobbly and uncomforable.I didn't like the over 1/2 hour wait we had to check in. They had one check in person for half that time and 2 conceirges , 2 bellmen who were not doing anything. I felt they should have offered me a drink at their XYZ bar for all that waiting (and on my birthday too!) The indoor pool looked cool if overly chlorinated. I really wished I had gone to the spa there. Maybe I will go visit the spa but not stay there. A lot of style here but not a lot of service or substance.	
Sep 14 2009 	The Nice Odd and Bad of W San Francisco	My partner, son and I stayed five nights at the W in San Francisco the last week of August 2009. The Nice. Good location just across the street from the convention center and directly next door to the SF Moma. Helpful staff especially the concierge counter when they’re there (see The Bad). We had a light filled room; some may say too light filled, on the corner of the 27th floor. Breakfast at the restaurant was well prepared and timely although the menu was limited with no kids menu. The Odd. The W tries to cultivate a young urban crowd and they, for the most part, succeed by setting an environment that attracts them. DJ’s and dance music in the lobby, every employee dressed in black, dim lighting and disco music piped in everywhere. The odd part is that they go a little overboard. The music playing at 7:00 am is the same as it was at 7:00 pm, not exactly breakfast tunes. The room had several odd features as well. There are shutters on the windows instead of drapes or shades which look nice however, if you want to sleep in, forget about it. Light seeps in from all the slats and unless you’re wearing eye shades, you’re woken up with the sun. Also the bathroom door doesn’t close like a traditional door; it slides like a barn door so it never quite makes a seal. It’s also frosted glass which doesn’t offer much privacy. The room decore is funking and odd (in a good way) and was always cleaned properly.The Bad. Parking was not good. First you have to drive down a very narrow driveway which had cars parked on either side. If you have a large car or are unfamiliar with your rental car, you could easily create gridlock in this tunnel-like entryway. When we arrived there was a queue down the street because someone left their car in the middle of the tunnel and they couldn’t find them to get the key. If you’re waiting for your car after checking out, there’s virtually no place to stand in the tunnel with your luggage. We had to wait inside the lobby then drag our belongings outside when the car was brought up. Another bad was the $45.00 nightly parking fee.More bad. On one occasion the concierge was MIA. There was a queue of four people ahead of me waiting. No signs of where she was or when she would return. (come on W, a “back in ten” sign would go a long way). I checked with the check in counter and got a shrug as to where she was. When she did return she offered no apology for her absence (over 10 minutes) just saying that she went to get her sweater. Another room issue for me was that the AC would turn off if you left the room for more then a few minutes. After returning it could take up to ½ hour for the room to cool down. I know this is to save electricity however, I don’t want to sit in a stale warm hotel room for 30 minutes every time I return. (FYI W, the four seasons and the Ritz don’t turn off the AC). All in all it was a good stay for us however, next time we're going elsewhere.	
Aug 30 2009 	Awesome hotel!	We booked this hotel on Hotwire and were very excited when the hotel was revealed. This is definitely a four star hotel as described by Hotwire. For a city hotel the room was good sized. The daybed feature was very cool as was the decor in the room. Each room has a flat panel TV and DVD player. The hotel offers a selection of DVD's to view at no charge. The pool was very family friendly. By far the best part of the hotel was the concierge service. They were so full of excellent friendly advice. Their restaurant suggestions were excellent. The hotel is in a great location next to the Yerba Buena Gardens and the Museum of Modern Art. There is a fee for the internet in the room. Free Wi-fi was available in the lobby.The lobby was the one drawback to the hotel. It appears they are trying to cater to a young hip crowd with the attached bar which overflowed into the hotel lobby seating area. However, the hotel is smoke free so in the end it is not a big deal.The kids loved the free arcade machine in the lobby. They also loved the dance music pumped into lobby, elevators, and hallways.We definitely would stay here again.	
Aug 25 2009 	Not Worth the Starwood Points	Coming from a Starwood Hotel earlier in the week, I was expecting my stay at the W in San Francisco to be even better than the Nines. I was disappointed from the moment I stepped into the hotel. The staff was not friendly at check-in and there was no bell service. I think the rooms are a bit cheesy as well. They're trying to be over-the-top posh, with the Buddha statues etc. I tried to use the phone to call Whatever, Wherever for rush dry cleaning which was guaranteed by 7am but struggled to figure out how to hang up- and I work in Tech! At 8:30am I called to find out where it was, and the attendant said she would call me back shortly. I did not get a call back, so I called again to find out where it was, and then finally it arrived by 9am, 2 hours after the guarantee. I think the cost of Wi-Fi ($15) is reasonable, but I was never asked to approve this charge, my computer just connected and I was charged which I do not agree with. The room was smaller but I'm used to the size being from New York. I think that it's really tacky that they charge you $4 for a small bottle of Fiji water- even if I'm traveling for work. I will say I slept very well since the beds are comfortable and the shower head in the bathroom had good water pressure and who would complain about Bliss Spa Products in the bathroom! The food at XYZ is very good- as I've eaten dinner here in the past and I had a breakfast meeting there this time. The selection is good, and prices reasonable for the W. I enjoyed the tahitian vanilla bean yogurt with honey and fruit. The egg omlettes looked great as well! The bar at XYZ is pretty loud, and great for grabbing a drink but I wouldn't recommend spending to much time there if you're trying to have a conversation with people.	
Aug 24 2009 	great city hotel	like the W in every way. some city hotels are so lacking these days. The W was right on the money. i think it ticked all the boxes and left us with a satisfied taste. would go back.internet wasn't free though.	
Aug 10 2009 	Not so whatever/whenever anymore	I've stayed at the SF W Hotel before, but their &quot;whatever whenever&quot; has stopped working. They don't seem able to muster their pleasant and agreeable service. The front desk staff acted disheartened to see me, or maybe anyone, when I arrived to check in. I went downstairs to the lobby on my first morning and the front desk staff (a different one) seemed annoyed and diffident when I asked where I could get a cup of coffee since they don't have any in-room coffee and none is made available for guests until at least 7am, i.e., he couldn't care less that coffee was important to me -- it wasn't important to him or the W. Things are beginning to look worn, smell old around the hotel and in the rooms. ROOM: My room was clean and tidy, but surprisingly small for a supposedly 400 sf. Apparently some &quot;cool corner rooms&quot; are smaller/bigger than others which equals overpriced when you're getting stuck in the smaller ones. Maybe their new motto could be &quot;everything for a price&quot; from the $45/night parking and charges for in-room wi-fi (seems an odd charge when marketing yourself to the hip). FOOD: I dined at the Cafe and ordered room service. Service was spotty in the Cafe. Room service dining was inconsistent from night to night. If you fell in love with a dish or meal one night; don't expect to get the same quality the next. YUCK: Probably the worst of the stay was the smell of vomit in the lounge area on Sunday morning. I used to love staying at the W. It was great fun and the staff were amazingly awesome and made me feel that way too. Now it's a pricey disappointment. BOTTOM LINE: The W talks big with their whatever, whenever, but they've forgotten to back it up with service. I was happy to check out, and I don't feel the desire to return.	
Aug 6 2009 	Maybe not for families	Our room was nice but for two adults travelling with two teenagers we were a bit cramped in our double room. The decor was new and a bit trendy but the for the cost of the stay we could have done with a bit more space. The bathroom was spacious but separated from the rest of the room by sliding glass door which doesn't mean much privacy for the person in the washroom. The location was good and walking distance to the a great IMAX theatre. The lounge downstairs was quite busy and seemed like it could be fun but not so much when travelling as a family. If I went here again would be without the kids. There was no coffee in the rooms. Just a little thing but a bit inconvenient.	
Aug 3 2009 	Trendy hotel; Worth the value if you can get an upgraded room	Stayed here for one night on business. As a Starwood Gold Member they upgraded me to a corner king room on a higher floor and it was incredibly spacious. They had a cute sitting corner, complete with a couple of wine glasses. The major disappointment of the room was the bathroom. It was very simple and less decorated/updated as the room. The hair dryer was the oldest model I've seen in a hotel room in a long time. I'd recommend upgrading your hair dryers to larger, more modern models. Be aware that parking is $45/day plus tax. I'd suggest parking in one of the nearby lots not owned by the hotel.	
Jul 31 2009 	$375/night for THAT?	Save your money and go to the Westin up the street. The W is a dissapointment from the beginning to end and is poorly maintained. Had to call for room service twice (they didn't come while we were out all day). Whatever, whenever service is great if they pick up the phone. It usually just rings. Fitness facility was in disrepair with one working treadmill and one elliptical machine for a 500+ room hotel. Reserved a king room and printed out the reservation. Couldn't give us anything but two doubles on check in. What makes me the most upset is that I'm an SPG Platinum member... first and last experience at a W.	
Jul 26 2009 	Hip but Tired	Lobby's filled with questionable eurotrash. Dark, loud and crowded-not really welcoming. Bliss Spa is excellent, just ignore tattoed male receptionist.	
Jul 23 2009 	Typical Expensive San Francisco Hotel	My husband and I stayed here, even though we only live 30 minutes away since it was our anniversary and we had to be in the city early the next morning anyway. We looked at quite a few hotels, as never had stayed in a hotel in SF since we live so close and decided to splurge on this one.The W chain is well known and caters to the younger affluent business/party goers, which is evident when you walk into any of their hotels. Rude and arrogant, but decorated in a funky way. We arrived 2 hours ahead of check in (3pm) and called to let them know that we were going to be there early. When we got there they told us our room was not cleaned and we would have to wait in the lobby. Where they had free internet which is nice (but they don't provide wireless in the rooms, interesting isn't it. It is like 15-20 to actually get internet in your room). They want you to hang out downstairs to give that trendy vibe so people come out and hang out in their bar. Anyway the front desk guy was rude. Took our cell phone number to let us know when it was ready. There were maybe 30 people waiting for their rooms, and at 3 pm magically they were all cleaned. Basically they didn't want anyone to check in ahead of time, even though everyone knew they were done being cleaned. We had a Fabulous room on the 24th floor, which had a king corner view. The view was AMAZING. But we were paying a lot for that view so it was expected. They had a cute sitting corner and it was nicely decorated. However all the decorations were covered in dust (the frames, fake tree branch, games, books). The TV was oddly small and in a weird position that hurt your neck when trying to watch. The bed was comfy, however the sheets (which are supposed to be one of their trademarks) were not Wonderful. They had obviously been bleached and it doesn't matter what your threadcount is if you bleach it ever wash, it is no longer soft and luxurious. Also the room was not &quot;clean&quot; feeling as I would expect for the price that we were paying. THe bathroom was very nice but you could tell that it had been used A LOT. Overall the hotel is just okay. I am sure when it opened it was great, but it seems a bit worn around the edges for the amount of money you are paying. If you like the W hotels by all means stay here, but I feel that in a city like SF you can probably find something a little bit different and definitely cheaper. It was a disappointment to us.(oh value parking is $50, but it has in and out privileges and our car was always ready to go when we got down there)	
Jul 20 2009 	Great W Hotel	This is your usual W Hotel, funky, fun and well run. More for business travel than leisure but we did book the corner king which I would high recommend and wasn't so business like. Good location if your are interested in the main shopping district.	
Jul 19 2009 	Very posh location. Close to the Convention Center. Loved it.	Ok, I am a Starwood guy and love W Hotels. This one is no exception. Located just 2 blocks from Moscone Center, the hotel has every possible amenity, including bicycles! The staff is professional and will attend to your every need. Large workspace, comfortable bed, good bar, what else can you ask for?	
Jul 10 2009 	One of the nicest W's I've ever stayed at!	I expect a lot from W's (one of my favorite hotel brands), and this one didn't disappoint! Lovely room, tons of natural light. Impeccable clean with lovely decoration. The only downside was that the outside of the windows needed to be cleaned badly, they were filthy!Wonderful service, all employees where friendly and helpful.The XYZ restaurant has amazing food, some of the best in San Fran!WARNING: If you aren’t familiar with W hotels or aren't looking for a hip, fun place to stay, this might not be the hotel for you! Do your research!	
Jun 28 2009 	Extremely disappointed... would not recommend this hotel	I stayed one night at the W Hotel recently and have not had such a bad experience in a hotel in a long time. There were so many things that were wrong about this hotel that it surprises me since I tend to travel to California quite often. 1. When you pull into their valet, it is an extremely narrow space. I wasn't even sure I was supposed to pull in there even though the sign indicated that it was the W Hotel Valet.2. The front desk agent was fabulous when I arrived. She informed me of different aspects of the hotel like the spa and fitness facilities. She welcomed me to the hotel and offered me a room on a higher floor with a phenominal view since it was my first time staying at the W Hotel. The room was not ready but it had been vacant and all they needed to do was to get housekeeping in there to clean it. That was fine as I had some appointments that I needed to get to anyways, however, what I didn't know at that time was that my room would not be ready until almost 2:30 p.m. (5 1/2 hours later). 3. When you step outside to catch a taxi cab, there is no one there to call the taxi cabs. You have to walk down the side of the street yourself and either flag one down or find one yourself.4. When I finally got into my room at 2:30 p.m., I wanted to take a look at the items in the cabinet (i.e. the mini bar with snickers, mints, etc). I tried my best to open the cabinet but could not get it open. I called the &quot;whenever, whereever&quot; button to see if I could have someone assist me. It rang, and rang, and rang... with no one to pick up. So I hung up the phone and dialed again... no one picked up again... the third time finally someone answered the phone. I told them that I could not open the cabinet and she said that someone would be up to open it for me.. 5. My room smelled terribly of smoke... this is a non-smoking hotel so when I get into my room, I expect to have a non-smoking room that does not blow you away with smoke smell from the guest before.6. My tv did not work properly. I would select a channel and then a few minutes later, I would get previews for movies that I did not wish to purchase. 7. They give you one bar of soap... so if you stay at this hotel, be prepared to bring your own soap.8. One of my lights did not work at all.. too frustrated to call anyone to fix it.9. I called room service around 8:15 p.m. for just a light dinner. I ordered my dinner and then the room service operator informed me it would be 45 minutes for my peanut butter and jelly sandwich and popcorn... 45 minutes to make that? 10. In the hotel's information directory, they state that guests should leave 30 minutes before departure in order for your car to be brought around to the front - FYI.	
Jun 16 2009 	Wanna go back	We Loved the W Hotel. The staff was very very nice. They gave us a free upgrade on the 24th floor overlooking San Francisco. They recommended excellent places to eat. This hotel is in a great location. Our room was very comfortable. We want to go back.	
Jun 8 2009 	Atrocious service	My girlfriend and I arrived about 10:30 PM on a Friday night and had to weave our way through throngs of partygoers listening to obnoxious, bad music. It was not immediately apparent where the desk was, so dim were the lights. Only one employee was at the desk, involved in a lengthy interaction with a guy who we realized wasn't even a guest of the hotel, just a party attendee. Not once did she acknowledge us. It would have been easy enough for her to say, &quot;I'll be with you in a minute&quot; or &quot;I'll get someone else out here to assist you.&quot; We could tell that several other employees were milling about behind the curtain, and when one finally emerged but made no move to help us, we asked him what was going on and found out that just about everyone else but the one desk worker was on break. Finally someone did come out and help us, which was quick and painless once it started, but being ignored for a long time set the tone for the rest of the stay. I also think they are more interested in catering to the nightly party guests than to those who are actually sleeping at the hotel. Why else would internet be free in the lobby and $15 a day in rooms? Other problems:--The bed sheets were scratchy. Some of the worst sheets I've ever slept on, in a hotel or anywhere. --Water pressure was inconsistent, coming out in pulses during showers.--Our iron broke while we were preparing to meet friends for dinner on Saturday night. Twenty minutes after we were told that a new one would be brought right up to us, we called again, and it took another ten or so for the replacement to arrive. We had to push our dinner reservations back half an hour as a result.--A dog was barking in a nearby room throughout most of the time we were preparing to go out on Saturday evening. Luckily it had stopped by the time we got back that night.We had canceled a reservation at a less expensive but more conveniently located hotel in order to stay here. Very disappointing.	
Jun 3 2009 	Good but OverPriced	Stayed one night at the W. Paid $480/night + $50 for parking. Got a &quot;wonderful&quot; room with a &quot;city view&quot; where the city view consisted of a view of an adjacent building's rooftop. I was on the 5th floor, so clearly didn't get one of the rooms with a nice view. The room amenities were perfectly fine. Comfy bed, clean bathrooms, nice towels etc. Personally I found the &quot;Whatever/Whenever what is your wish&quot; greeting to be exceedingly corny. Didn't like the fact that they charged me $7.77 on my credit card for a red bull that I supposedly consumed from my room fridge (I don't drink Red Bull). That charge was taken off after I spoke to their accounting department, but I shouldn't have to keep an eye on my credit card bill when I stay at a nice hotel. So bottom line, it was fine, but not worth the $550ish (total) I ended up paying for one night.	
May 27 2009 	great location	We used our Starwood points to stay at the W as we had paid to stay here before due to the location. It was most convenient with the Moscone Center just across Howard Street, Yerba Buena Park is across on Third St, the SF MOMA is around the corner, Nordstroms &amp; Bloomingdales are up on Market St in a fabulous mall, restaurants galore in easy walking distance. We stayed four nights in a room on the 23rd floor. Elevators were readily available and fast. Room was small but hip and lovely -good bed, large flat screen TV, bed side radio/alarm; view of the Bay Bridge, Embarcadero and downtown was spectacular. Downsides - room was adequate but on the small side, and there were only three shallow drawers to stash clothes in. They were assigned to my wife, and I crammed whatever I had on the shelves in the bed side table. Likewise the bathroom had limited space to put things out of the way. Bliss products were good and replenished regularly. As others have noted - there was no coffee pot in the room - but when we asked, one was delivered to the room along with packets of good coffee. My wife enjoyed a decent - but not great - overpriced massage at the Bliss Spa. We also found the exercise area well equipped and useful for our work-outs. The hotel has an arrangement with an Acura dealership to provide taxi service by prearrangement in the evenings. We found this a most useful, convenient, way with congenial drivers to take us to our reserved dinners on successive nights - from Slanted Door in the Ferry Bldg complex one night to Gary Danko's down near Fisherman's Wharf area on another. High speed internet connection is available in the room for a daily fee - but free in the lobby areas. An unexpected surprise was a ringside view of the annual &quot;Bay to Beaches&quot; race and sort-of-parade that unfolded down Howard St the morning after we arrived. I managed to get a snapshot of my wife - arm in arm with one of the more colorful men parading with nothing on but his ten gallon hat and boots. As I said - great location. On departure to SFO we made use of the hotel's Lincoln Limo waiting outside. Perfect way to end a stay in this fabulous city.	
May 25 2009 	The "WOW" factor only lasts so long..	A few of my friends decided to take a road trip from SoCal to SF and we chose the W because it seemed like a chill place to hang out. The lobby was well appointed with trendy furniture and blue/purple lighting throughout. The lobby actually doubles as a bar/lounge area. There is a separate XYZ restaurant bar on the second level. We drove, so we had to pay for 2 nights of valet parking, which ended up being $50 / night.Check-In was uneventful and we were on our way to our 20th floor room. The bedroom was very functional and had a few special &quot;W&quot; touches, but nothing that really stood out as trendy. A call to the front desk gets you a &quot;Whatever/Whenever, What is your wish&quot; greeting. We had extra towels, robes, and some toiletries delivered several times without much fuss.The pool and fitness area (WET/SWEAT) is on the 4th floor, along with the bliss spa. The pool was not very well heated, and was only 4 feet deep. The spa was very tiny (fitting maybe 5 adults) for a hotel of this size, also not very deep, but had decent powered jets.The bar/lounge guests were in their mid 30's to early 40's, a bit older than what we were hoping for, nonetheless, the music was spot-on; the atmosphere was almost clublike. We did not end up drinking at either bar because we were looking for food. At 11PM, the XYZ restaurant was closing and our only option was the 24/7 room service. 2 orders of fries, a creme brulee and fried calamari were about $50, all inclusive. We must have also ate a few snacks from the in-room pantry, as 8 oreo cookies cost $9; $12 for 4 oz of cashews, etc. Not a big deal, but the pantry seemed more like a business opportunity for W than for our convenience.Overall we had a good time in the city. This hotel would have earned a 5 star rating had more ammenities included in the base nightly rate. Whatever/Whenever comes with a price. I wish you didn't charge me $8 for a bottle of water.	
May 25 2009 	Location Location Location	I decided to stay at the W Hotel for the location; this place is within walking distance to China Town, Union Square and a nice shopping district, with plenty of restaurants and Starbucks around. The hotel lobby was quite dark, and wasn’t as busy as I was expecting to be, the traffic to the elevator wasn’t bad at all. The rooms are small but the bathroom has a nice size. I got a good deal through Travelocity on the fabulous room for $164.00 per night. The restaurant in the hotel XYZ is not that good I will give it 2 points for food quality. The room service has a charge of $3.00 per delivery +20% service fee+tax The hotel has a Jacuzzi, a pool, gym and spa on the 4th floor, by the pool they just have 4 plastic chairs, their retro style sacrifices comfort at times. The terrace that you see with the cabanas in their website doesn’t look like the picture at all you will find and empty space with two cabanas. I will stay again in this hotel for the location but that’s about it.	
May 19 2009 	Feels Like Home	I lived in SF for a while. I must have stayed at this hotel after I moved a dozen times. I am SPG Gold so they always upgrade me to a corner room on the top levels. They all know know me and treat me like family. Ever since the new remodel I love the hotel more. However, they are the only W who have never upgraded me to a suite. I hope one day this summer.......	
May 11 2009 	Not as Trendy/Chic as I would Have Expected	We spent Mother’s Day weekend at the SF W.Hotel is located is the Art/Museum area, near the Moscone Convention Center. Hotel is at 3rd and Howard. Cost by shuttle to hotel is $17.00,taxis is $35-$45.00 from SF airport.Across the street Is the Yubera Buena park. ( nice park). Many good museums and art galleries in the area.you can walk up 3rd street to Market Street to catch a trolley. We were offered free car service to take us to the Wharf Area, but you had to find your way back to the hotel. This is not hard there are lots of buses, taxis etcHotel is not in a tourist area. I liked this since I have visited SF on many occasions. Rooms are a standard size, very clean. Bed wonderful. We had a room on a high floor and could see the Golden Gate Bridge. Bliss products (smelled great)are in the bath area. The Bliss Spa and Exercise Room are located on the 4th floor. There is piped in Music and a blue light seems to be always on in the hallways( hallways smell nice)The lobby / sitting area attracts(it seems) the young professionals for Happy Hour.(although I did see a few children and older persons in this area). There is free WIFI in the lobby.A few negative points, Hotel Rooms are overpriced as well as food and drinks( mixed drink $13.00). No coffee in room, would be a nice touch to have Starbuck Coffee in room for those who don’t want to walk a couple of blocks to get coffee.Staff tries too hard to be hip/chic and comes off appearing &quot;artificially friendly&quot;. I have stayed at many hotels domestic and international; I can recognize great hospitality. Also please double check your wake-up call for an early morning flight, we would have missed our flight if I had not awaken early on my own. I realized the lobby was very crowded Saturday night , but hotel guest should come first. Overall it was a good hotel stay	
May 9 2009 	Cool place but NO COFFEE!	Loved the rooms... Excellent views of the city with window seats... Nice large bathrooms and showers... Very clean... Nice Bliss Spa samples! Very expensive bar and food... Room service breakfast consisted of a plate of chopped fresh fruit with vanilla yogurt dip and a large pot of french pressed coffee.. Cost? $48.00 which included the delivery charge and tip... Yow! No coffee maker in the room and no coffee available on site for reasonable price.. Had to get dressed and run accross the street to local coffee shop... (Coffee and breakfast sandwich $3.95 total!) One fancy mixed drink cost me $13.00... Went the next day to the local liquor store... Music played throughout the hotel 24/7... Very nice... DO NOT PAY FULL PRICE FOR ROOM!!! Check around for deals! Very expensive!	
May 4 2009 	Very nice trendy hotel in great location	I enjoyed my stay at the W and had only a few quibbles. Overall, the staff was great - always efficient and helpful with everything. The public areas were comfortable and trendy. The room was very nice - standard in size (spacious for San Francisco) and well appointed with a very comfortable bed, big desk, nice window seat, flat screen TV, iPod dock and just about everything else you need. The bathroom was a nice size, very clean and had the standard Bliss products. The room was 'trendy' though a bit to 'busy to be tranquil. My one big complaint about the hotel is that it's a bit noisy. I was high up enough to be removed from the lobby noises but heard my neighbors at all hours. The down side of the good sound systems on the TV and iPod dock is that you can hear everyone else's. Some reviewers complained about fire trucks but I didn't notice - and, as San Francisco is a city, you can have those anywhere. The location was good in a neat neighborhood and not too far from various sights and transportation. The free local car service by Audi SUV is nice, too. Overall, I would stay there again.	
May 2 2009 	Tried Too Hard To Be Cool	This hotel tried so hard to be cool and hip that it all came across as staged. While the rooms were OK, the biggest disappointment was going to the lobby at 6:15AM asking where I can get a cup of coffee and being told that there was a Strbucks on the next block. If the hotel is not going to put coffee makers in the room, then at the minimum there should be coffee available in the lobby.	
Apr 28 2009 	Too cool for its own good	This was the second time I stayed at a W - the first was in New Orleans about 6 years ago. While I can't fault the hotel on any issue except the cost by the time I had been there 5 nights I was more than ready to leave. The rooms are very nice if a little small, the service is great and its a good location. I just found that after a few days walking into the dark lobby was a little irritating and early evening the small lobby and bar were packed with people. My main issue is the prices - oatmeal, coffee and orange juice breakfast was $17, the bottle of water in the room was $8 and so on. Overall, it's probably more my problem than the hotels.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great option in S.F.	We had stayed at the W San Francisco as a couple before and this time decided to take the kids. Got a great deal on Starwood website. The hotel is located very well in the SOMA district - near a lot of great cultural attractions. Many dining options close by also. As with all W's this is a very stylish hotel with a very chic urban vibe. At the same time we felt very at home there with kids and they were welcome. On the weekends there are a lot of tourist families at the hotel. The rooms are very comfortable, a decent size and clearly a step above your average hotel chain in terms of design. Everything about the hotel feels cool and contemporary. The kids got a kick out of the big window seat where they could read while looking out over the city and loved the chinese checkers set in the room. Room was very clean and quiet.While we didn't visit the restaurant or bar/lounge on this trip we have been before and they have a very good scene going at both usually. They do have a Bliss spa here and a nice fitness facility with indoor pool. There was no one at the hotel pool the whole weekend and so the kids had it all to themselves! Lots of fun to be had there. Also kids got a big kick out of the old school Pacman machine in lobby. They can play while you have a cocktail in the cool lobby lounge. Also make sure to take advantage of the free shuttle service provided by the hotel in a promotional deal they have with Acura. They will bring you wherever you want to go in a brand new Acura SUV. Much better than your typical S.F. cab!All in all this is a great option in S.F. weather you are looking for a business hotel, a couples get away, or family trip.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great Stay---Even the smallest details addressed	From the entering the hotel, the employees and the environment of the hotel made for a wonderful stay. I understand that the hotel has been recently remodeled. I loved the rooms, I have stayed in lot of generic rooms..these were far from generic. The rooms even smelled amazing. The toiletries were by Bliss, very nice. They even included a fancy face wash.I loved the decorations, the lighting in the room, even the desk was very nice. The location of the hotel was great, if you are attending an event at the Convention center. It probably isn't the best location for leisure trips.I will definitely stay at the W again.	
Apr 1 2009 	Party every Night!!!	Party every night! Was for 1 week in this hotel. Indeed, it is very beautiful. However promotes parties every night. YES ... every night is party in the lobby of the hotel and go to the room you have to go through the mess. accura the service does not work. At least for me, both times I tried to use was not available and the attendant very neglect said it was better I use the taxi. The consierge works if you pay and clear of all costs a fortune. To receive packets of purchases made by internet (AMAZON) they have the courage to charge up to $ 25 per order. A real nonsense. Tickets for shows also cost more than twice the number bought by them, not to mention the water that put in a room at a cost of $ 8 for small! Also I have the estacinamento. One night, we arrived and had no place to park because of the party. We are 15 minutes in the street inside the car until a valet came and said he had no vacancy. I had to fight and say you were paying $ 50 (that's right - 50 bucks!) Per day and that my place had to be guaranteed. Internet: In the hall of the hotel is not charged, but if you have to use the computer in the hotel cost is $ 6.5 for 15 minutes! RsrrsrsrsrJust laughing to believe they have the courage to charge $ 6.5 for only 15 minutes of internet.prices too expensive for normal things that any hotel and quality of media has. If you have 20 years, like parties every night and do not mind pay for absolutely everything, this is the right hotel for you. ... I never go backp.s.: Sorry for my english :0)	
Mar 19 2009 	The W Hotel in San Francisco: A New Type of Hotel Experience	First, the location could not be more perfect. Located next door to the San Francisco Modern Art Museum and across the street from the Metreon, Yerba Buena Gardens, and Union Square, cab rides are not necessary for a short trip. But that doesn't even matter because the hotel has a new Acura SUV to take you where you need to go, providing you arrange it in advance with them. The lounge downstairs is called the &quot;living room&quot; and there are games on the tables, a Ms. Pac Man, and great music. The furniture is modern and contemporary, yet comfortable. The fireplace is warm and also very modern. It's rather crowded on Saturday night but not difficult to get a drink at the bar. The rooms are just as enticing. Flat screen tv, robe, spa quality bath products, great views, and a nice sound system. A Highly recommended hotel among many in San Francisco, but with a slightly more funky experience.	
Mar 7 2009 	Super corner room	Can speak for the bars - but I loved the room service, had a great corner room and thought the gym was ideal. Not a bad price too. The room itself was vast with quirky furnishings, huge couch and usually sumptuous bed. Def a good choice in SFO.	
Feb 28 2009 	W Hotel: glamour fancy 	We stayed at the W San Francisco as it has an excellent location, just adjacent to the SFMOMA and a few steps from Market Street and Union Square, the major shopping area. We got an excellent offer through the hotel’s website, 170USD for a double room on the upper floor, with a spectacular view on Bay Bridge.The Hotel lobby is very welcoming and gives a welcoming and funky atmosphere. W Hotels clearly tend to attract cosmopolitan 20 / 45 crowd in a much fancier environment than other hotel chains. Front desk personnel were very friendly at check in and the room itself was gorgeous. Full of nice decorative designs such as a blue / purple Buddha light, pencil stand on the desk, and other amenities. Beds and sheets were spotless and extremely comfortable and the whole 4 nights stay was perfect. The hotel provides wi-fi with a supplement in the rooms, and for free in the XYZ lounge near the front desk, which is, especially during the weekend a very festive place. The overall experience at the W was extremely satisfying and pleasant.	
Feb 27 2009 	One of my favorites	My wife and I love this hotel chain. We try to stay at the W in any city we visit. I think there are a lot of great places to stay at in SF, but this is a great little hotel. You can't beat this hotel chain's service! Don't get me wrong, i've had one bad experience with this hotel but the a call to the front desk manager cleared it up and they treated us to a great meal. The wonderful Whatever, Whenever service mentality is awesome. If you love nighlife and great dining, make sure to speak to the Consierge! These folks know the city and have a great network to get you in almost anywhere in the city. Overall, a great 20-30 somthing vibe, trendy, and a hotspot. I lived in this city for 5 years and this is the hotel I stay at when I visit. p.s. Ask for a high floor, corner room...this is a must!	
Feb 14 2009 	Great Location Nice Hotel	Traveling for business, I get the choice of any Starwood property in a city, and I usually go for the W or the St. Regis depending on location and length of stay. This W is similar to all the others that I have stayed in, which have all been good experiences. It is in a wonderful location downtown, only a short walk to my workplace and many other businesses in the financial district. It is also close to Union Square, and shopping areas.The hotel room was chic and luxurious. The &quot;Whatever, Whenever&quot; service was amazing, as always. Basically, the hotel staff will bring you whatever you want, whenever you want it, and the W San Francisco lives up to this standard.Overall, I would highly recommend the W San Francisco, to anyone traveling to SF for business or pleasure.	
Feb 3 2009 	Cockroach encounter	I stayed in W San Francisco for three nights from January 29 to February 1 2009. In the past I stayed in W Los Angeles on Hilgard Avenue and it was superb so I decided to stay in W when I was on my business trip to San Francisco together with my two friends from Canada.I prepaid my room through Travelocity ang got the rate of approximately $250 Canadian ($200 US) per night.I have seen a lot of hotels in my life but this stay was the most horrible one account for the amount I paid for the room. First of all the hotel lobby is converted to a bar, which attracts so called &quot;fashionable&quot; San Francisco individuals. In reality the bar is full of punks enjoying themselves listening to the ugliest and loudest music I have ever heard. You can be sure that you will have a chance to listen to those musical masterpices from your room.In the evening of the second day I encounterd a live cockroach in my room. This fellow came out of the gap between the wall shelf and television and rapidly proceeded to the work desk in the direction of the window. What an opportunity to have such a wonderful neighbour for only $250 a night! It took me five minutes to chase and execute my guest.Next morning I reported this incident to the front desk and it seemed to me that their receptionist was not surprised at all. I suspect that the whole building is infested because cockroaches usually do not come alone. The receptionist assured me that the hotel would perform disinfection of my room and issue an official apology. Certainly no special cleaning was done apart from regular room service and I am still waiting for that promised apology.After we had checked out one of my friends discovered a charge of $75 applied to his account for drinks in the lobby bar he has never visited. Since it happened last week he still keeps calling the W trying to get his $75 back.The other friend of mine who also prepaid his room discovered a charge equalt to 8 cents (EIGHT CENTS) on his account when checking out. According to the hotel they made a mistake when giving a quote for his stay so the actual rate was eight cents more than the one my firend has prepaid. This EIGHtT CENTS charge was applied to his credit card.I can continue sharing my experience relating to this W hotel but I assume that what I have already mentioned herein is enough for a prospective visitor to San Francisco to make his decision about this hotel.	
Jan 29 2009 	The W Won Us Over!	We stayed at the W Hotel for a special anniversary. It was our first time staying at a W Hotel and it couldn’t have been better. The lobby of the hotel is very chic. Near the reception desk they have a water cooler filled with water flavored with different fruits and herbs, such as strawberry and mint. Delicious! The room we were originally assigned was not acceptable. They had just put a fresh coat of paint on the interrior of the closet, and hanging our clothes in there for our long trip would have left us smelling like paint! We called down and they arranged to have us taken to another room. The décor of the room at the SF W is a bit much, but the beds are extremely comfortable, and the ammenities in the room are great (ipod docking station, flat sceen TV, Bliss toiletries). At the time of our stay, the W had the Acura experience, which allowed us to be driven anywhere in the city for free (we of course tipped the driver), and then you arrange for your own transportation home. This was so convenient and saved us a lot of time. The bar is really cool and is crowded from happy hour into the evening. The “living room” is also a cool place with a long, modern fireplace. The pool is nothing to write home about (from some pictures we had seen it looked like it was outside, but it is inside). We didn’t use the fitness center, but it seemed adequate. The location of the hotel is great – right next to the MoMA and a few blocks to Market Street. There is no breakfast included, but they put out a spread at the bar (be careful – it looks like you can go up and help yourself, but you have to pay!). What really stands out is the service. The front desk, concierge, and Acrua staff were all extremely attentive. They always remembered who we were, calling us by name and always wishing us a happy anniversary. They sent us some champagne, and always had Voss water bottles for us as we headed out in the morning. They called around to secure dinner reservations for us and helped us with directions around town. We felt spoiled here and definitely hope to indulge here again!	
Jan 24 2009 	W let down	The culmination of our recent 3 week roadtrip of california and arizona was in the W san fran. We are real W fans, and also stayed in W scottsdale and san diego on the same trip, however san fran was a real let down. As a starwood gold member I generally expect a reasonable upgrade, however I would hate to have seen the more basic rooms as our's was far from exceptional; design was basic, rooms were cramped, bathrooms poor, views limited. Although the entrance area was typically w; well designed and vibrant, that was it. Staff were quite unhelpful, and the pool area was a complete let down. When one takes the price into the equation, this hotel is a huge disappointment, the worst hotel of our trip both in terms of rooms, value and service. $50 parking per night is also a disgrace.	
Jan 3 2009 	Pure luxury what an experience!	This hotel is pure luxury. Our room was beautifully furnished; modern, contemporary and overall spacious, we had TWO double beds! The staff were extremely helpful and friendly and the location of the hotel is fantastic - a 10min cab ride to Mission, the cooler part of San Fran, and a 5 min walk to Union Square where all the shops are. Best of all are the toiletries, which are all Bliss products - what more does a girl need! The gym is fully equipped and there is also a litle outdoor area, I think it's on the same floor as the gym, where you can sit in peace and quiet and read a book whilst catching a bit of the California sun (or getting over jetlag, as I did!)I would stay here again in a flash, in fact I could live here!	
Dec 26 2008 	Trendy hotel in decent neighborhood	I stayed at this hotel for a quick business trip. Front desk service was not the best- we had to wait to get checked in despite the fact that there were 2 people behind the counter doing absolutely nothing!It was worth the wait because the room itself was very nice. A bit on the trendy side but nonetheless, nicely decorated with great views. There was free internet access and I found the beds to be quite comfortable. Toiletries from Bliss were an added plus.Having come from the East Coast, I was starving when I got to the hotel so I tried to see what they had in the the &quot;snack pantry&quot;. I was a little disturbed to see that some of their snacks (peanuts, candy, granolabars) were still there despite having an expiration date of 1/2008 (I was there in Nov). Needless to say, I decided to go elsewhere to pick up some food.Concierge was very helpful and recommended a good restaurant within walking distance. The location is decent. Very close to MOMA and an entertainment complex though there weren't too many restaurants close by. I got back a little late but the hotel was hopping! It looks like its a popular place for the young trendy crowd. All in all, I enjoyed my stay. Not sure if I would choose to stay there if I were spending my own money, but on the company dime, it was very nice.	
Dec 17 2008 	Bad Internet Bad Lighting Bad Telephone	Avoid Starwood hotels, especially the WAfter being driven out of the $600 a night Starwood St. Regis in San Francisco because the heat wouldn’t work in either of the rooms they gave me, I registered in the Starwood $400 a night San Francisco W down the street at 181 3rd St. where the heat did work. The W has all kinds of cutsie nonsense that gets in the way of comprehension. The operator answers with “what is your wish.” My wish of course is that she would answer with “operator.” The Internet service costs $15 a day but it stinks. Much better speed is available for free at any $150 a night motel. It would not run consistently faster than 200 kilobits per second which 20 or 30 times slower than a typical home DSL line. My slingbox would not work and it took forever to download files. W Internet is a small step above using a phone modem. Apparently the W is on an insane drive to save electricity. The room lighting is terrible. I happened to have a light meter with me so I took some measurements. At the work desk the illumination was 22 lux. There is no lamp or light anyplace near the desk. 22 lux is considered to be a light level suitable for inactive areas of warehouses. Offices work spaces are supposed to have 500 lux. If you want to read in bed at the W the light level is about 90 lux, a low but not impossible level for reading. The window benches have their own light which is so dim as to provide only 15 lux. The only place in the room with decent illumination was near the bathroom mirror where it reached 400 lux. The telephone in my W room started beeping at 3 AM for no apparent reason that I could discern even after several minutes of deciphering the instructions on the telephone printed in tiny, low-contrast type. Yes, I had my reading glasses on. It wouldn’t stop beeping even when I unplugged the connecting wires. I called the “what is your wish” lady to ask what do to. She didn’t know but offered to send someone to the room. Apparently calling the operator stopped the beeping. My next step would have been to put the telephone in the hall. The room was nicely furnished, even beautiful. But if they can’t get lighting, Internet and telephone right why would you want to stay in this expensive hotel?	
Dec 3 2008 	Amazing Serice with a hip flair	Myself and my wife arrived late on Thanksgiving for our anniversay and stayed 2 nights. It was our second trip to the W so we knew what to expect, but we were given more. The manager Ashley whom was in charge the two nights we were there, did everything she could to make the trip special. We love the atmosphere as it is both family and adult. The lobby area is great as there are things for the kids to do and a bar for the adults right when you walk in the front door. The rooms are very unique, with vibrant colars that just make you want to take like in and conquer the city. GREAT PLACE.	
Nov 17 2008 	Beautiful Hotel Nice location	Very nice hotel. This place was close to all of the shopping areas and the downtown area, but still a little of the beaten path so it wasn't too crowded at night. I was upgraded to the suite, which was big, and the beds, as with every Starwood, were very comfortable. I know it's not the cheapest place, so it may not be the best for the money, but it was a nice stay, and a nice bar downstairs.	
Nov 4 2008 	what a joke	$650 a night and what do you get? The concierge was clueless about what is going on. I asked about the architectural tour -- there was a whole month of events relating to building in SF. Blank stare. She gives me a local magazine/advertising booklet with no information. We have to pay for wi-fi! Nice large bathroom, but the water pressure shoots out in spurts. When I arrive I check my bags in early as the room isn't ready yet, and receive a supercilious &quot;sheesh&quot; from the check-in clerk when I do so, due to my orange backpack. He fixes it so we have one of the worst rooms in the hotel....When I do come back later I find that our room is not what we reserved and it is hazy with smoke. Thick, heavy cigar smoke permeated the sheets and air. Disgusting and ridiculous. We go back downstairs and the manager gives us another room. Again, this is for a 650$ a night room. The elevator has a card reader so you cannot ascend unless you insert your room key. Fine. I understand security, but it does not work most of the time. Breakfast is also extra! The firm picked up the tab -- this wasn't my pick. Completely absurd and overpriced. A sad joke.	
Oct 27 2008 	Comfortable 	I booked this stay with points and based on reviews wasn't expecting a whole lot. I agree that the trendy/sceney vibe is a little annoying but overall I was really happy with the hotel. The room was big and comfortable with great views, and the museum next door is a fun place to visit. We got room service and were happy with the food, although it was expectedly a little overpriced. Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel -- my only real complaint is they charge guests $45 for overnight parking!	
Oct 16 2008 	It was okay this time	I've stayed at this hotel a few times and I must say that the trendy-chic atmosphere that they go for is starting to get a little tiring. The rooms have been remodeled, and while I get the Asian theme for it is San Francisco, it turned out a bit cheesy. The hotel lobby or &quot;living room&quot; was also redone, but it now has several different themes going on in one room. It's like part modern art, and part visual clutter.The view of the Bay Bridge is awesome if you can get a room facing east. The beds and pillows are incredibly comfortable. The bathrooms are neat and roomy.I ordered room service for the next morning and the breakfast was cold and didn't taste very fresh. If you're going to spend that much on food, go downstairs to the XYZ restaurant where the food is fresher! Drinks in the lobby are very good...if you don't mind spending $12-13 per drink.In all due respect, I must say that the service has improved a lot over the past few years. In the past, I remember the staff being on the snooty side, as if they were trying to be too 'cool'. They are a lot warmer and friendlier nowadays - especially the concierge and the restaurant/bar staff. I would recommend this hotel especially for a younger crowd. If you are bringing your mother, stick to the Palace or Westin hotel.	
Sep 27 2008 	WAY over rated!!!	Normally don't write reviews but this place is so over rated and over priced that we felt obligated to warn others. We travel extensivley and the only people I can see that may comment otherwise on this site would be the hotel managers! Stayed 3 days at the hotel and checked out early as the rooms, food and spa were not even close to fairly priced (about double what they should be easily). Moved to the Hilton financial district and better room for half price and better spa treatment at about 65% of W's Bliss cost. Likely will never try a W again but bought in to their hype on how great they are for one time and too late now.	
Sep 17 2008	An average W	Nice hotel, centrally situated, with spacious and comfortable rooms. I frankly don't understand why W hotels have to be so poorly lighted in the inside, but perhaps it's only a matter of taste. As other guest mentioned, noise from the fire station can be annoying.	
Aug 27 2008 	Cool Hotel	Very nice hotelPosition +++ close to union square, SFMOMA and dowtownDesign property with huge lobby, bar and restaurat. The room was cool, fusion/oriental style (named cool corner), wide and functional, located on 30th floor.Staff very kind and helpful, for check in-out, info and guest relation.Breakfast and garage a little bit too expensive.I have already been guest in several W but this is certainly the best I've visited.	
Aug 22 2008 	A Unique Hotel experience	We were a party of 5 who spent 5 nights at this hotel. We reserved 2 rooms so that we could have some privacy from our children. The configuration was ideal: we had a private entrance to a corner room and a room with double beds. The rollaway we requested did not fit into the room with the double beds but there was plenty of room in the king corner. The youngest child, however, opted to sleep on the large window seat with the other 2. The decor is unique and rather restful. The museum is right next door and union square was close by. The concierge sent us to a wonderful Italian restaurant 2 blocks away, which we frequented several times during our stay. Beds were great. The concierge desk needs more help. There was usually a line of people waiting. Lobby is fun. Pool is indoors and was well maintained. We had a very pleasant stay.	
Aug 17 2008	The good the bad and the downright ugly!	The hotel is centrally situated and the staff were mostly friendy (I find ou always get the odd staff member who seems to think they are doing you a favour). The rooms were spacious and comfortable (we had 2 rooms next to eachother with a lobby outside) the glow in the dark Buddha was a bit weird though! The worst thing about the hotel is that it is directly above the fire station and the sirens sound through most of the night. This meant that the first few nights we stayed were sleepless until we adjusted and became accustomed to the noise. The lobby and the bar are far too noisy and most of the crowds seems to gather near the lifts which makes moving baggage round quite difficult.	
Aug 2 2008	a little disappointed...	Usually love the W hotels we stay in. This one, not so much. The SFW was a little too fabulous for my taste. Loved the lobby and bar. The room decor was a little strange. They wanted to go for a Japanese-y-modern thing which ended up looking more like stuff just stuck on the old W furniture. However, my 12 year old son and I agreed that the glowing fiber optic Buddha was very cool.Generally, I found the desk staff a little stand-offish and not particularly welcoming, save one really, really lovely concierge. Service in the room was mostly great except for the bell services at both ends of the trip. There wasn't one anywhere in sight during the entire check-in. When leaving, we called down to have our bags removed from our room, after 30 minutes and a phone call we finally took our bags down ourselves. Gratefully, there was no traffic and our plane was delayed.When traveling to SF again, we will probably go to the Westin.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Hotel Very Chic 	&quot;Very nice stay overall. Stayed there on an almost sold out weekend of 6/28/08 for one night. As a plat member, was upgraded to cool corner room at the checkin (which is more spacious, got an extra window balcony to sit on). However, was travelling with friends so I requested a fabulous 2 doubles instead, no problems.Lobby: The staffs were friendly and efficient, the lobby is very hip/chic just like what you would expect at the typical W hotel. I like the hotel ambience espcially at night, so pretty. You'll see many people hanging out at the lobby XYZ bars at night time (There's a DJ there too). There's an Acura MDX Experience counter available from noon to 7ish at night everyday which gives you an one-way ride to most of the places in SF area (except airport, of course) and we did take advantage of it during our stay. The drivers are friendly and no sales pressure which is an added bonus. But due to the popular demand, I recommend reserve your time spot early!The Gym: Very nice, with complete sets of eplical machines, weights, and the swim pool /jacuzzi is right outside of the gym (which is very hip looking too). The gym opens 24/7 but the wet area only opens from 4am to 11pm. Bliss Spa is right across from the gym which is very popular for girls to have their mani/pedicure and other services but I did not get to try it out so I am not going to commend on that.The Room: Some room can be quite noisy at night since they are right next door to a firestation (so for those who hates siren at night, you should request a room away from the firestation). Good AC (very quiet), and the lights in the room are very nice too. The bed is the typical W bed, not as heavenly as the Westin Heavenly Bed but certainly better than Sheraton Sweet Sleeper and other competitor's bed. I actually bought the pillow and the mattress topper home after I stayed at this hotel since it gave me a really nice sleep. That tells you how much I like their bedding. The room is towards the small size (~300 sq ft?) but still plenty of space for you to store ur luggages n stuff. The shower pressure is good, not strong like rainforest but enough to wash you clean. Toiletries is the standard Bliss Sinkside 6 (lemon sage scent) which is one of my favorite hotel product. One thing, the bathroom door has no lock and its very clear/see thru!! so be prepared if you are not comfortable with it! This is one of the thing that annoys me the most at this property but hey, its W so you need to be more open minded about it. Turndown service available on request every evening.Parking: $42/night, 1/2 off if you drive a hybrid. Since its SF, I did not drive, its just so much easier to travel with their convinent subway system isn't it? Also, internet (WiFi) are free at the lobby so you'll bump into many people with their laptop throughout the day.Overall: This is a good, well maintained hotel and the renovations gave the room more &quot;freshier&quot; look instead of the dark depressing color. Some people liked it, some don't. Of course, the price can be high for most people (at least 200+/night) but if you want to have fun, meet people or just want to enjoy the W scene, you should give this property a try. Don't stay there if you want a QUIET weekend getaway. W is all about fun :D	
Jul 7 2008 	Good hotel if you love the scene....	I used to go to San Francisco very often for work and my company usually booked us at the W Hotel since it's very close to our offices and able to accommodate a large of my colleagues. It's about 35 minutes from the airport without traffic.I've found this hotel at times very helpful at times but at other times very careless. The last time I stayed in this hotel was a little bit of a hassle. I had to fly in late the night I was supposed to check in. With delays at the airport, I was not in San Francisco until 2am in the morning and had to wake up at 6am for an early meeting. Knowing that I was going to be late for checking in, I had called earlier to make sure I will be okay and the reception said there shouldn't be any problem. Once I have arrived, I was told they were under renovation and my room is not ready until tomorrow...I then had to go across the street to St. Regis hotel (which I did not mind since it's a much nicer hotel) for the night and by the time I got into bed, it was already 4am in the morning and I had to get up a little earlier to check back into the W Hotel....They felt bad for me and gave me a corner room once I checked back in and a Bliss gift basket which was really nice of them. The room is an average size and being it was just renovated, everything was pretty new and clean. The thing I like about this hotel is the gym which is open 24 hours so I can go late at night to exercise and it's nice and quiet because there is no way one could squeeze into the exercise room in the morning. The food at the restaurant downstairs is pretty good and if you want to go out, the concierge is excellent at getting a reservation for you. The only thing that I'm not crazy about this place is the party scene since it could get really obnoxious and loud. I don't mind it if the scene were a little further away from the entrance to the elevator. I was once harassed by a random man during a party night near the elevator but I told him to bug off! Since then, I felt like I had to make a dash for the elevator every time there was a party going on. The hotel is not very far from Union Square and takes about 10 minutes to walk there and it's also right next to MOMA SF. I wouldn't mind staying in this hotel again on vacation if they could just move the party scene further away from the elevator...	
May 13 2008 	The W stands for "Why?"	Why did we go back to a W Hotel? Only because we were attending a meeting in this hotel. I am TIRED of their snooty attitudes! They truly need to get over themselves. Nobody smiled. The agent that checked us in was borderline rude. We drove in and parked in their garage. It was $43 plus tax for a total of $50 per night to park a car! I was so disappointed to see our rooms decor was so juvenile. It truly looked like a childs rooms. There was a desk with lots of cubbies that contained a Buddah that changed colors, little china doll decorations and other junk I didn't &quot;get&quot;.?? The bathroom was small with a tub /shower. They gave us one little bar of soap that we had to keep moving from the shower to the sink. Even the next day they didn't replace the soap or leave a fresh little bar! The beds were hard and the sheets were stiff.	
May 5 2008 	Ok with some nice things	Nice hotel I suppose - service was really great. Small glitch with room service, but made up in quality of food. There were people all around quite willing to help. Breakfast was very good. They have a regular resturant as well as a faster juice/coffee bar with bagels, etc. and small tables for a quick bite. Our server for breakfast in the resturant was Scott. The best, and I mean, the best waiter I have ever had. He could work in some five star places and would be the best. Was very patient with my daughter and was always there to check on things without being intrusive. Rooms are small...and I mean small. Very boxy (rectangular shape small). Let me qualify that by saying there were two adults and two small kids. But, well appointed and Funny thing was that they placed the guests with kids as much as possible on the same floor (15th). Good for them to think of that for the benefit of the other guests. Room amenities were nicely done. The bliss toiletries were no big deal to me. Beds were comfortable. Air Con system was funky. Had a motion detector system - when no movement in the room, the thing was shut down if not off. Got stuffy at times and quite warm in room.	
May 1 2008 	Love the Bliss Toiletries Indifferent on the Upscale IKEA-ish Furnishings	The W San Francisco fully embodies Starwood's branding play for the trendy professional. It's in the perfect location if you're attending a conference at Moscone Center. I wouldn't recommend the W for families or a romantic getaway.Check-in and Check-out went smoothly. All employees were very courteous and friendly. The room was comfy with an upscale IKEA-like decor. Some things I particularly liked: Bliss shampoo/conditioner/facewash, the massaging roller for your feet under the desk, a rather large wall-mounted flat-screen TV, and the very novel hotel stationery. One suggestion for improvement (very minor issue): They need bigger, fluffier bath towels. For a higher-end brand like the W, i didn't expect standard size bath towels with a slightly coarse feel. Breakfast at the restaurant was delicious with typical hotel pricing. Once again, the W is great for the trendy professional who loves the hustle and bustle. Hope this helps! Cheers.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great place for great weekend	We spent a great weekend there. The rooms are fantastic and very nicely designed (try to get a corner room) , the beds are heavenly and the location is fantastic. Try bliss SPA on the 4th floor- great and professional treatments.	
Apr 24 2008 	Over Rated	Me and my husband traveled to San Fransisco on vacation. We booked this hotel using our Starwood points, so I can't complain about the price. The room lokoed like it was remodeled. They advertise a heavenly shower but I would not say it was heavenly at all. The concierge was very helpful, as was the front desk staff. However, my suggestion would be to not go to the bar or restaraunt there, the service was horrible and we 2 of the 3 people that were in the bar at the time. The views were great of the city and the location was very central.	
Apr 13 2008 	Trendy and Spendy As Always	I stayed at the W for four nights to attend a conference at the Moscone Center. I've stayed there twice before and this stay was consistent with my prior experience. I've stayed in both the &quot;Cool Corner&quot; and &quot;Spectacular&quot; rooms. The &quot;Cool Corner&quot; rooms are larger and have better seating, although the desk area is larger in the &quot;Spectacular&quot; which can come in handy if you have to do a lot of work in the room.The decor is bright and friendly, and I really enjoyed the fact that I could close the mirrored doors over the TV and not have to see it. The beds are very comfortable, and the bathrooms come stocked with Bliss brand toiletries. (I usually snag a couple of the soaps to use at home.)I had need to use room service quite a bit. Breakfast was super-expensive relative to what you get, and not as nice as the other meals. I paid $44 for an omelette, toast, home fries, orange juice (not fresh) and coffee, and the eggs were rubbery, although the potatoes were good. Still, $44 is a heck of a lot of money for breakfast, so most mornings I hoofed it over to the Peet's on 3rd and Mission for better coffee.Lunch and dinner choices were better - the Cobb Salad was especially good. Still, an entree and an iced tea tended to land in the $35 range.I realy enjoy the ambience of the lobby bar. It's trendy without being snobby, and the service is very good even when the place is crowded.If you can get a weekend deal here, it's certainly worth it. It's walking distance to the ballpark, BART, right next to SFMOMA and it's easy to get pretty much anywhere without a car.All in all, I always enjoy the San Francisco W. But if I was spending my own money, I'd look for bargain rates and avoid the room service.	
Apr 7 2008	Surprise stay at the W	I was in San Francisco (again) the end of March, I had originally booked the Westin on Market and Third. But due to my late flight, by the time we arrived at the Westin they were overbooked. The night manager gave us a letter and sent us over to the W. I have been in the W before for drinks, but had never stayed there. They had great modern decor, and their color scheme worked very well. The rooms were a bit squished, for 4 people, but manageable. We had a great view of the bay bridge. Overall stay was very nice, the staff was also very helpful, and inviting (especially checking in at 1 A.M.).	
Feb 13 2008 	Pretty good business hotel	Stayed for a 4 night business trip recently.Gets 3 starts for guest experience, and 1 more star for having a very lively lobby bar/lounge scene and a great location for business travelers. Corner Fabulous Room on high floor only had so-so views (certainly not &quot;panoramic&quot;. Be sure to ask for Bay Bridge view rooms. Plenty of space in room, but most of it was hallway and bathroom space. Did not feel the room was laid out well (ie, no great place to eat some food, can only watch TV from bed). Desk was way too small for a room that size. Room furnishings were modern and mostly tasteful, if a bit kitschy. Definitely not dull! Room and bathroom were very clean, but some of the furnishings (cushions, bedspread, light fixtures) were starting to show their wear a bit.Staff was mostly moronic. Seemed very young and inexperienced, and certainly do not go out of their way to help. This applies mainly to the front desk staff. The concierges were all extremely courteous and helpful, though they steered us to more touristy, &quot;safe&quot; bets.Gym was certainly nice, clean, and usable, a major plus.Note that internet access is $15 extra per day. I still do not understand why hotels do this. I find it insulting. Please, just add $15 /night to the rack rate and be done with it.Best plus of hotel is the location (across the street from the Moscone center, by far the closest hotel the center). Second best plus is the great and dependable bar scene in the lobby. It was pretty funny to walk in late at night on a Friday night to check in, lugging luggage, and have to fight my way through a posh crowd all holding drinks! Note, though, that there are bascially no other good bars/nightspots within walking distance.Overall, a dependable business hotel with a few pluses (decent gym, good bar, good location), and a few minuses (overall service, rooms somewhat poorly designed).	
Feb 12 2008 	City Central at the W	My partner and I, both in our early 40s, stayed at the W for a weekend getaway from Los Angeles. If you're familiar with the W brand, it's very typical, with all the hipness you can stand. This hotel seems to be a bit more of a weekend destination than most. Friday and Saturday nights were quite the scene in the bar upstairs and downstairs as well. Located in the SoMa area, there's plenty nearby, Union Square, the Ferry Building, SFMOMA. Overall, a good experience.	
Jan 29 2008 	I was surprisingly happy...	Had read some of the reviews and was a little nervous to book here. Despite its name and priciness, some of the reviews had been less than kind.However, my experience was surprisingly glitch-free. I arrived tired and cranky at 11 pm (yes, my plane was delayed, delayed, and delayed...!). However, Rebecca at check in was cheerful, sympathetic and helpful. Gave me a quiet room away from the ice machine, elevators, etc. Heaven!The bedding was comfortable and clean (unfortunately, not always the case even at other nice hotels these days...). The big screen plasma tv, the ipod docking station, the in-room safe, and even a chinese checkers game (!) along with numerous local SF magazines, were very nice &quot;extras&quot; which made the place seem more welcoming.My room had a wide cushioned window bench seat where i sat and looked at the Bay Bridge and also surprisingly saw glorious fireworks over the water on Sun. nite!Restaurant food was good, but pricey. Places to get some food within a block; Ferrari's Italian Deli ($$, but great sandwich, cheese and crackers selections), a Starbucks on the corner, a Chevy's (Mexican) Grill next to it. Avoid the little Japanese small sitdown/takeout place in that same area. Nice people working there, but the food was forgettable.If you need to take a shuttle back to the airport, try &quot;Go Lorrie's&quot;. It costs the same as the other shuttles (all of them are in the $15-18 range to and from SFO). But the W is the guaranteed last hotel stop prior to going to the airport, so you spend less time cooling your heels waiting for other passenger pickups. When you are tired and just want to get to the airport to return home, thats a nice plus.A HUGE plus for this hotel is that it is right across the street from the Convention Center. Made it very easy to go back to the hotel if I forgot something or just wanted to chill between seminars.And finally, check out was fast and efficient and Adam at the front desk was courteous and very helpful.Even tho it is more expensive than many of the hotels in the area, I would definitely stay at the W again when i have to go to the Convention Center. You get your moneysworth!	
Jan 24 2008 	Perfect hotel for conference center	Hi! I got a very good pricing for this hotel because I was a part of a large convention last September.The hotel is very clean, very nice.The welcome at our arrival was warm. We got a room at the 18th level with very nice view of the city.The interior pool is small but the area is nice and quiet. A top terrasse is just beside the pool. This area is really relax and you can take some bath sun their (when the weather allows it).The lobby is particuliary very busy during Friday evening. The party is in the lobby, not into a separate part. I don't like it.The concierge service is a nice touch and you can ask for everything - taxi call; bus intinary - opening hours - restaurant suggestion and reservations! Great touche!The bed are really confortable.The location is nice for assisting to conference. The Yueba buena garden is just in front of the hotel. This garden is a nice place..... But the location of the hotel is not exceptionnal for tourist sightseeing....The regular pricing of this hotel is really expensive at regular pricing and I think you will pay for the W brand name.... This hotel is a boutique hotel. But the luxury is not really present. It's more a relax hotel - or hotel with a lot of pretention.The wifi access into the lobby was very helpful during the convention.The design is nice but nothing new.	
Jan 20 2008 	Posh and modern but NOT like Clift	I just completed a four-night stay at the W San Fran (Room 2304). This was a last-minute business trip for a large conference, so the city was nearly full. Basically, my administrator booked me wherever she could get a room, so I didn't actually &quot;pick&quot; to stay here. This was a really nice hotel and I had a great stay, the W brand just isn't my style. I prefer more traditional surroundings to the modern luxury that W hotels offer. Overal, this hotel is full of really attractive young people (there was a photo shoot in the lobby one of the days I stayed). It has every amenity you could possibly ask for, and it's in a decent location. The W is going for posh and modern. While it certainly hits the mark, a more true experience (for a higher price) can be found at Clift on Geary Street...THE GOOD- The staff is really helpful and nice (W in Times Square NYC has a pretentious staff)- The hotel is full of attractive people- I had an amazing view of the Bay Bridge- Flat screen TV- Alarm clock w/ iPod dock- One block from the Moscone Center- One block from Yerba Buena Gardens- One block from the San Fran MoMA- Two blocks from Market Street- 10 minute walk from Union SquareTHE NOT-SO GOOD- Expensive room- Good location for business, but not for going out- Decent restaurants, not great- Doesn't match the luxury that can be found at Clift, although the W makes a great attempt** This is an expensive hotel that should be set aside for those younger travels who want to part of the &quot;in crowd&quot; but just can't really afford it yet. The rest of us are staying at Clift on Geary :) **	
Jan 14 2008 	Good Experience	Spent two nights at the W and it was just what I would expect from a W. The front desk was friendly and efficient. Even though I was early, they were able to get me into my room right away.I was on the 29th floor and had a great view of the city. The room was very clean and had nice amenities (ipod charger, conveniently located electrical plugs, books about SF, DVD player). Love the bliss products in the bathroom. As usual, for a Starwood property, the bed was soooooo comfortable. The location was great, very centrally located for shopping, dining and public transportation. The hotel definitely caters to a younger, hipper crowd than I, but I never felt out of place. I had a drink at the hotel bar and the bartender was friendly and made a great cocktail.I liked it better then some of the other W's I have stayed at and would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 3 2008 	Over 21 only	For those thinking of staying here. it is a small lobby with a bar like atmosphere. The bar turns into the breakfast cafe. Resturant expensive and too gormet. My kids liked the cool interior, rooms small but decorated like urban outfitters. Would not recommend famliy or children. Christmas time, only winter arangements nothing that suggests Christmas. Close to Convention Center and museum 3 long blocks to the back side of Bloomindales. Better hotels and locations if you are interested in shopping. Westin St Francis, Parc 55, Marriott....	
Nov 21 2007 	Trendy but with warmth	I have stayed in a several trendy hotels through the years, but found them a bit cold in appearance. Not the W - the strike just the right balance between trendy and warm.We paid $209 per night, which is a lot lower than usual, so we felt we got a great value. Great location in SF, and free coffee in the morning. The restaurant is a bit pricy, but very good.	
Nov 13 2007 	Stylish hotel with great bar	Booking was really easy with very friendly staff. It was a great hotel to stay in when you just get off the plane from the UK as it's very comfortable, with great views and lovely Bliss products in the bathroom. The reception has a constant welcoming fire where guests can sit and relax on sofas. Once you have got over your jet lag, you can head out to the shops on Market St, only a 5 min walk away. In the evenings, the W has a really funky bar with with a live dj playing electro music.	
Nov 10 2007 	Great stay not worth the money anymore though.	Got a lovely new remodeled corner room with a fabulous city view, the rooms again were great, clean and crisp. Not very functional, no phone jack by the bed, alarm clock was dim and hard to reach, plug for hair dryer was right near sink! I think while being hip, functionality loses place. Service was great, valet guys were the best, concierge was excellent. Pool was cold and the hot tub had a &quot;smell&quot; to it. Breakfast was prompt and awesome, room service and in the restaurant also. Overall no complaints, turndown service though sucked, they always came late and never really did a turndown. Parking is a lot also, but the same everywhere in SF. Overall a great stay but getting hard to justify these prices they are charging unless your company is footing the bill.	
Nov 6 2007 	relaxing stay	The W is extemely close to the Moscone Convention Center and was the reason I chose this property for a convention. While some of the amenities are a little more hip than I am, the staff were more than helpful and the room extremely comfortable. Many things were overpriced ($8 bottle of water in the room), but plenty of shopping availabe close by to find affordable snacks/drinks.	
Nov 5 2007	Business Travelers Beware	Business travelers beware. This is a fabulous hotel to stay for leisure - but if you plan to work, get ready for super high Internet costs. On a 4-day business trip the Internet bill added up to over $300 and it would have been over $500 if we hadn't been hard nosed and negotiated. Break down: $15 per day per room, $5 per 15 minutes in the business office (rediculous!!!!). We also used a (small) conference room for the day (acutally used it for less than 12 hours) - and they were going to charge $500 for 3 users - yes Five Hundred Dollars for 3 people to use the Internet (in addition to the $600 for the room fee). When I questioned this, we were told to name a price and reluctantly settled at $250. It was robbery. If we didn't have to work, it would not have been a problem. They offer free wireless in the lobby - but who can do serious work in the lobby?? Gee thanks, W. I've never been nickled and dimed so much for such a mundane thing as the Internet. It made our trip frustrating and much more expensive than it needed to be. So despite all of the lovely decor, the personable and friendly staff, none of it mattered because of their crazy fees. I mean who pays money to use the Internet in the business office!?!?!? Crazy man, crazy.	
Oct 30 2007 	Just What I Expect From A W	My wife and I stayed at the W as a surprise to her on the weekend that I proposed. It's the third W that we have stayed at and the experiance was the exact same as the other two. Everything from check-in to check-out was perfect and very professional.We were upgraded to a corner room upon check in and given champagne and strawberries and the whole works. The room was great as I had expected with good window seats and a great view. Bar area was very good and active throughout the weekend.Another great experiance at a W.	
Oct 22 2007 	Bad experience on a get away weekend	My wife and I were on a weekend getaway and the W did it's best to bring us down. We arrived and were given a room with two double beds. We didn't arrange weekend babysitting to sleep in separate small beds, so after our second request they moved us to a room on a lower floor with a king sized bed. The room’s windows were mostly obscured by a tent used for events which was a bummer but at least we could sleep in the same bed. We went out and had a great evening with dinner at Jardiniere and drinks at Zuni. We were woken up at 4am that morning by loud people in the hot tub. Once again, we didn't arrange for weekend babysitting to get woken up in the middle of the night. I called down to the desk in the morning to mention the late night revelry. They thought it was odd that I could hear people in the pool area and said sorry, they would notify security. Upon checkout I was asked how I enjoyed my stay. I mentioned my displeasure again. The person asked if I had tried breakfast at XYZ, and I thought, &quot;ah, someone wants to do something to make my $800 stay at this hotel feel a little more right&quot;, but no. Upon mentioning that I had just had breakfast there and the food was just fine, the person said &quot;Well I am glad something good happened&quot;. Oh, well. Sometimes you get what you pay for, sometimes you don't. On my trip to the W, I didn't enjoy the hotel at all. SF was great and the weather was perfect.	
Oct 22 2007 	Perfect in every way	Stayed at the W for 4 nights while at a conference. The hotel is right across the street from the Moscone Center and just a few blocks from all the usual shopping and dining and the BART/Muni station. The place is beautifully decorated and smells so nice. The workers are always asking if they can help you. One morning I went for a run and asked if I could leave my key card at the front desk. When I returned, the man at the desk handed me back my key, along with a towel and a bottle of water! Their fitness center is pretty large and is supplied with towels, water, apples, yoga mats. We sneaked into the spa locker room lounge and found they had brownies for the guests! Like most W hotels, there's always a boisterous crowd of 20-somethings in the lobby, but that's one thing that makes staying in a W more interesting than a run-of-the-mill property. I got a reasonable rate because I was attending a conference, but I think their rack rate is fair, too.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great location nice hotel	Just wrapping up a stay at the W Hotel in San Francisco. It's been an extremely nice stay and I quite enjoyed the room.The W's location is great - very close to all the shopping, dining, etc on Market St. (if you're an SPG member and location is key to you, SPG has several properties all within a few blocks of one another around Market St. including Westin St. Francis, Westin Market St, St. Regis, W, and Palace Hotel and so you have a lot of really great options). I stayed in a high-floor Fabulous room which had ample space and a nice, large bathroom. As with some of the other Ws I've stayed it, some of the furniture was more stylish than functional/comfortable (such as the desk chair) but the bed and pillows were fantastic. Always tend to find great beds/pillows at Ws. Work space was very well done, with plenty of outlets and internet hookups conveniently located (I hate having to dig around a room looking for a place to plug your cell phone charger or laptop in to). The view from many of the higher floors is great, as well. I had a wonderful view of the surrounding city scape and bay.Depending on the time of night, things can get pretty crazy at the entrance to the hotel. Cars were backed up well down the street trying to pull in to the hotel's driveway as valet attendants scrambled around, but quite frankly as I walked around the neighborhood I saw the exact same thing happening at other hotels in and around 3rd St. and Market St. so I think that's just more of a San Francisco/Market St/Union Sq. issue than it is a W issue. Despite that, everytime I got my car out of valet it didn't take long at all (even if I didn't call down ahead of time).Room service was good. Didn't blow me away, but didn't disappoint, either. It was delivered in a timely fashion, though. I'd suggest requesting a table with your room service as most rooms don't have much of a seating area fit for dining. Lobby (&quot;Living Room&quot;) scene wasn't as wild and crazy as some of the other Ws I've stayed at (at the W San Diego there was a line down the street of people waiting to get inside to hang out at the lobby bar!), where it's like going through a nightclub on your way between the street and elevators but it was lively and obviously a popular place to hangout in nonethelessAll in all, a comfortable stay with helpful staff (all friendly and ready and able to give directions and advice on what to do and see whenever I asked for it).	
Oct 9 2007 	Definitely Worth a Stay	Yes, the W Hotel is a trendy, cool, sylist establishment. But, so what? They actually do most things very well. Check in was not overly efficient nor warm but it was fine (and it's only check in). We had requested the front desk notify us when our missing bags arrived from the airport - which they failed to do - but we eventually retrieved them. Other than those two issues, no problems. The room was a little small but very clean and efficient. The small, lighted budha was a little strange but entertaining. The view was good, the bar was not as much as a scene as you might have expected (at least on a Tuesday night) and the food was good. The gym was a little small but had eveything you needed and the equipment was good. Location was fairly close to all. It was a little expensive but not sure if so on a comparative basis - perhaps worth checking other hotels first. Definitely worth a stay though perhaps not for families with younger kids.	
Oct 4 2007 	Loved it! Pricey but nice	Best bed and pillows I've ever slept on in my entire life. Room was a bit small, but very chic. Staff was courteous, professional and helpful. Well-located in downtown San Francisco. Cost a ton per night, but someone else was paying, haha!	
Sep 26 2007 	poor to bad	great if your under 25 years old. constant electronic music.rooms have no armchairs. to watch tv ...sit in desk chair or lay in bed. when i asked for armchair ...told, &quot;tough&quot;.food is mediocre at best.altogether ..there are way better places to stay.	
Sep 26 2007 	Modern and Pricey	I was hesitant to book this hotel as I prefer older properties with a sense of history. But my husband had just recently stayed at the W in San Diego on business and suggested we should try the W in San Fran for our Labor Day weekend getaway. At first I tried booking at all the famous hotels, but there was simply no availablity or they were just really overpriced. The W was fine - I just wish I was 10lbs lighter and 10 years younger! Talk about all the beautiful people! It definitely is a hopping scene after 10pm in the bar area. Although the restaurant was very expensive - we had to eat there the first nite as it was too late to go anywhere else. The staff was great, they accomodated our 2 yr old daughter and even created a dish off the menu for her. She loved it and our daughter is quite the picky eater! By far my favorite thing about the W was the bedding - yes the bedding. I've never had such a comfy mattress and sumptuous linens before. Also the hotel was able to accomodate us w/ 2 rooms together as we were with my sister and nephew. The concierge was great, though overwhelmed at times obviously with so many people wanting restaurant reservations or other service. One little detail I should mention just in case u also are not told, when i called the front desk and asked about free internet use I was told there was none, but if we had a laptop we could pay with a credit card in our room. But when I again checked with the lobby I was told one can use a laptop for free as they are hooked up in the lobby. Overall it was a great modern hotel if u are not one for history and afternoon tea hour. One more thing the hotel is on the same block as the Museum of Modern Art - so can't beat the location.	
Sep 19 2007	The BEST W in the system	The W's have sucked in my opinion for the last 3 years or so. This one far outshines them all. The vibe is cool, the rooms are full-on W, the service flawless.MASSIVE bathrooms, ultra hip door guys and super mod girls make you feel like you've arrived. The lounge are is open, free-wheeling and very very cool.The W's have been off my radar for some time now but this one make up for all the past errors the W's have amassd with me.Good job, W SF.	
Sep 7 2007	Nice hotel!	Great size room, we had a twin room. 2 Queen size beds. Nice bathroom, lots of space. Great views. Next door to the MOMA. Nothing bad to report here except the bar staff at closing time. Rude, ignorant people. Will not even give you a glass of tap water at closing time. Of course they expect you to go to your room and take the bottle of water from the cupboard ful of goodies and pay 11 dollars for it!!!! Oh and one scary thing... they KNOW when uve had it, without even going into your room!! bit like big brother or something!	
Sep 7 2007 	WWWWWonderfull!!!!	Amanzily designed.... extremely confortable.... the location is near MOMA @ soma (south of market street)... a little bit far from the fuzzy restaurante &amp; stores... buts its okay! The yerba buena garden is just crossing the street... very relaxing!!!	
Aug 26 2007 	W San Francisco rocks!	I stayed at the W SF for 6 nights. Booked via SPG &quot;6 nights for 4&quot; deal - which brings the price to an acceptable amount. I stayed in a renovated room - definitely better than the old ones. Much lighter, plenty of desk space, many sockets to plug in and recharge mobile phone, laptop etc. within easy reach. And I loved the wooden foot rest/massage under the desk!No problem whatsoever with housekeeping - in fact, our housekeeper (Dolores) was extremely kind, friendly and professional, servicing the room quickly.The W bar and the XYZ bars are great to entertain guests and friends, and I found all the staff, both at the bars and at the hotel very friendly and helpful. The concierge staff is also very friendly and helpful.The swimming pool is a great way to cool down after working out in the gym (which could have more lifting machines and less treadmills in my opinion).And the terrace on the 4th floor is probably the best kept secret of the W. I spent quite some wonderful evenings there...So, with a good deal on the room price the W is a great place to stay!	
Aug 20 2007 	W San Francisco	I have stayed at the W many times in S.F. and this is the last. They remodeled the rooms and they aer awful..Lime green accents...come on we are not in SOBE very distasteful, furniture very uncomfortable. They put these white leather adjustable chairs in the rooms that don't adjust I cannot believe they got rid of the big comfortable sturdy chairs with arms for these. The desk is way too narrow I had to checkout and move to the Four Seasons up the block to get any work done..W S.F. you blew it with this designer u have chosen to do these rooms. You need to revamp it again...	
Aug 20 2007 	Forewarned is best?	I reserved with the W weeks in advance and was looking forward to a three nights stay in this reportedly upscale location. When we knew we would arrive late we called the hotel in advance, even though the room was guaranteed with a credit card, to be sure they did not give away our room. Upon arrival we discovered they were booked for the night (this was midnight after a very long drive) and that they were going to put us up at a hotel within walking distance. Have you ever been completely exhausted and had to walk down the street with the bellman who had your luggage on a cart? On the upside we stayed at an excellent location, the St. Regis...which I would highly recommend. They comped our room and parking..so the W tried to make amends. Late checkout at St. Regis before hiking back down the block was necessary due to meeting obligations...and was graciously arranged at the St. Regis.Upon re-arrival our room was not yet ready...so we left our bags with the bellman who took them up for us. The room at the W paled in comparison to the St. Regis, although the comparison was the issue. It was actually fairly well appointed with modern furnishings, comfortable beds, and a nicely updated bath (glass countertop, stainless sink, etc.). Our view was rather exceptional.There was no phone book in the room, no map of the hotel, no emergency evacuation map in the room...and the phone seemed standard and had no buttons marked for dialing up different services. The typical hotel traveler will find these items oddly absent. The phone issue was especially frustrating as their &quot;W&quot; book took a while to flip through to figure out who to call for what...just dial '0' and forget it!The location was superb, and here is where the W stands out. We were across the street from the convention center and next door to the museum of modern art. Shopping and cable car lines were a short walk from the hotel. We easily got down to Fisherman's wharf and then back up from Ghiradelli Square late in the evening on these lines.This was not a family location however. I travelled with my teenage son for a business meeting and was more than uncomfortable with the lobby area which was basically a bar and lounge. We found it necessary to enter the door closest to checkin desk and valet entrance to avoid having to pass through this very singles oriented atmosphere.A room decoration fell off the headboard and fortunately hit the unoccupied pillow during dinner...a real topper to some annoyances.Room service was fair, the coffee was good but I found it overpriced for the quality of food.We were given a complimentary cracker, fruit, and cheese plate as a gesture our first night's stay and received a written and in-person apology and offer of assistance.In sum, if you are comfortable with these arrangements I'd recommend it...as staying at the St. Regis was a pretty good exchange for the booking problems...but I would not recommend it for families.	
Aug 14 2007	Extremely Bad Customer Services	O god. I can't believe I'm writing a BAD review for the W Hotel. I guess I've been spoiled by other W Hotel (W Montreal is the BEST)..Where should I start? BED - I guess one of my biggest disappointment is the W BED or lack there of? W is known for the W Bed (Fluffy White Cloud bed you just sink into it) So when I got to my room in SF for a business trip, I thought the bed was very typical, not the fluffy type bed at all. I didn't think much about it, since I haven't stay at a W for awhile, maybe they changed the bed. Then I actually looked at the mattress, it was a Sealy Beautyrest (Starwood). W Signature Bed is made by Simmons [--] I talked to the front desk, the supervisor assured me that was the W Bed (Simmons), but then changed her mind when I told her about the Sealy mattress. Then the guy do room setup told me that Sealy is the W Bed older version and they are in the process of updating to the new W Bed (Simmons) within the next 3 weeks. They offered to add a feather bed to make me feel better. So just to be sure, I called W SF again and asked them about the W Signature Bed, the guy confirmed with me that ALL the rooms have the LATEST version W Bed (Simmons). Well...I was going to buy W Signature Bed in SF. I guess I won't be buy it anymore. I wish they can all stick to one story, maybe I won't be as mad. CUSTOMER SERVICES--XYZ Bar - I called twice before my arrival to arrange a &quot;happy hour&quot; gathering at the XYZ bar, no one called me back. -Doorman-There was no one at the front door on Sunday, I had a couple luggage and it was hard to open the door and dragged them all in. -Upgrade-No upgrade (I'm Business Preferred Guest) They said they were all sold out, but somehow they were able to upgrade my co-workers room even they checked in after me. -Bed-They were going to give me some free points (enough for half a day stay-how generous) for the &quot;Bed&quot; situation. Nothing in my account yet. -Room-There was water dripping in the bathroom, they said the bathtub upstairs didn't work, that why it's leaking to our bathroom. ahhh---I feel much better now. I'm sure I sound like a real drama queen. I hope no one has to go through the same thing!At the time of check out and my many complaints, front desk person said she will credit my account with an additional HALF day worth of points (Why Half a day of points...I have no idea...Do they actually want me to stay again at a W for half a night? or they hope I will never stay at a W again?)7/24/2007 - Called back to the hotel front desk to find out why they never credited my account with the additional points...manager said he will call me back in a couple days after he follow up with the individuals. But I never got a call back. At this point, I'm not sure if I really want the point to stay at a W Hotel again.8/14/2007 - Called back to the hotel again, spoke with guest relationship manager, and explained to him about my complaints. He was extremely nice to listen to me blah blah blah. He said he will follow up with his staff, and he will credit my account with the additional points. I will update this again when the points hit my account. Maybe I will give this 2 stars!?	
Aug 10 2007 	W SAn Francisco	This is a cool Hotel true to the W brand. The W San Francisco is situated just perfectly for business or convention purposes straight across from Moscone. It's also a good home base if you want to just shop, tour, or visit the Museum. The public spaces are stylish and the Lobby attracts good looking --young-- locals too -so it's a nice mix of tourists, business people, and city dwellers. This property is definately geared towards a pretty specific age and interest group (sophisticated mostly mid 20's-40's singles or couples w/ no kids tagging along). It's all about hanging out to chill music and dim lighting. The rooms and bathrooms are attractive, comfortable, well thought out, but a bit small even by SF standards. Still a completely enjoyable property that is great fun and a decent value for a weekend in this wonderful city.	
Aug 9 2007 	Not wonderful	I used to be a tried and true W fan, and have stayed at both other W's (Montreal fantastic! Honolulu fun!) and the W San Fran before, but have to say this stay with the W San Fran was my last.The hotel has a great vibe and great location, but I think they have let it go to their heads. The rooms are very small, and very poor value for the price. In fact, I hated my first room so much (right above the fire station on Howard!!) that I used an upgrade to move to a suite. While initially impressed with the new decor (they are apparently renovating floor by floor - it is pan asian-whimsy and alot of fun), we realized quickly it's just alot of gloss and not much substance.The new room was also terribly noisy - both due to street noise and the &quot;ambient&quot; (can you say thumping) hallway music. The cleaning service was sporadic and poor - our sheets were stained on check in, it took three calls to get another pillow, and on the last day no cleaning at all!! Very disappointing to return to your room at midnight and find no clean towels and a messy bed.Service at the front desk? Non existent. Long line up to check out. Attitude from the bell staff. Ridiculous valet fee (46.50!!!). Overall - Don't bother. There are more chic and better hotels in San Francisco for your dollar. This W just doesn't measure up!	
Jul 21 2007 	W Hotel is for me	From the Pool to the outside patio to the great bars. I love this hotel. I always try to stay there when in San Francisco. Who knew I could see the Bloomingdales sign out my window box recliner in my room? The food has gotten better since I last stayed there and was very good.	
Jul 11 2007 	Loved The W	My daughter and I stayed her June-July 2006, it was wonderful! As soon as we arrived they upgrades us to a bigger room on a higher floor with a spectacular view! It's a great location, central to everything, close to Market st. We ordered room service twice, very good and quick. Great value for the money. Fantastic place to visit!	
Jul 7 2007 	Not a typical W	W is not as good as other W's in other cities. I have stayed at several and though the SF version is nice, I don't think it measures up to W standards.Pricey, so so location and SMALL rooms. A little dirty and compared to other W's, awkward.	
Jul 4 2007 	(Not) Wild about the W	I have stayed at the SF W over half a dozen times, and after an initial honeymoon period, I am starting to get annoyed and am not sure I'll stay there again.The location and accomodations have always been great. Convenient to downtown, the convention center, and the Ferry Terminal, the location is right for me, and although as another reviewer wrote, the stylings of the W have now been imitated so much that they seem more run-of-the-mill, I still find the accomodations comfortable. While 7 years ago, this was the only hotel where you could find such design, now there are at least a dozen within a few blocks, and what is more obvious is what is lacking. No flat screen TV, no coffee makers in the room, and no wireless internet in the rooms. Other kickers are the $45 / night parking, and the cooler-than-thou attidue of the front desk. Despite being a frequent visitor and a SPG preferred guest, we were afforded no love prior to our arrival. When we tried to book &quot;ajoining&quot; rooms for my 3 year old, 3 calls to the general manager went unanswered. We emailed the hotel and got a negative canned response from a &quot;Welcome Coach&quot;, who then did not respond to subsequent emails and voicemail messages. Eventually, we were given a &quot;guarantee&quot; for the room configurations we wanted, but upon check in, were given the rooms on the lowest possible floor (in my opinion, out of spite).The restaurant is very good for breakfast, and as noted in previous reviews, the valet staff are very helpful.In short, with all the competition in town and many places that look like an updated &quot;W&quot;, I would think the W would work a bit harder to please.	
Jul 2 2007 	There are better places for this Price in SF	Not impressed. For the price you can stay in a much better place. The lobby is tiny and so is the bar area. Not a very nice layout. Most hotels for this price have a grand entrance - NOT HERE. The room was cute but small. The food at the XYZ, which they seem to brag a lot about, was not all that. The filet migon was tiny (smaller than usual for a filet) not gourmet at all. The raviolis where practically empty inside and didn't have much flavor. The $8 water bottles are just ridiculous. And may I add don't even touch the $8 Pringles or anything in the mini bar for that matter. Overall, don't bother. Lots of chic but far from cheap. I wouldn't mind paying the hefty prices if I was getting what I paid for. By the way the $50 a day valet is crazy. You can park your car down the street in a secure garage for $18. Good Luck!	
Jun 28 2007	Sexiest Hotel in San Fran	Flew out to San Fran with the girlfriend for a long weekend trip to visit some friends and attend a wedding near sacramento. Having enjoyed a business trip to the W in LA, I sought out the W in San Fran first. Very pleased to report that the W delivered well. Hotel is a beautiful downtown tower, about 30 stories tall and less than 10 yrs old. Classy looking exterior (while stone) and great location on 3rd across the street from the moscone center, metreon, sfmoma, and the yb gardens. Hotel itself has a very sexy vibe-lobby has cool lookingfurniture, the spa is Bliss, the female guests are [----] good looking, and the bar scenes at both XYZ and the W Cafe are strong. Will say that despite having reserved a king bed room, for the first night the best they could do was a double/double room, however they moved us into the proper room for the second night and moved our luggage during the day when we were out. Interesting thing I noticed is that while the rooms were pretty similar the king bed room had great CD player and a cordless phone, the double bedded room had a traditional hotel phone and the only way to play cd's was through thedvd player and television. that inconsistency surprised me. After a night at a bar nearby, we ordered room service- chicken tomato pizza and a 2002 pinot. Came in about 25 mins. excellent. Only dissapointment was the fact that high speed internet cost $15/day in the rooms. However, it was free wifi in the lobby. For a hotel like this with an obviously young and tech savvy clientelle- get with the program, free wifi all over is the way to go. enough of this BS.	
May 31 2007 	Nice hotel so-so location	My boyfriend and I stayed at the W in San Francisco for two nights last week (he actually lives only a few miles from the hotel) after his work put him up for a big conference. The hotel room itself was very nice. We had a corner room on the 10th floor which provided an okay - but not spectacular - view. Our room looked just like the other pictures I've seen here, so I won't post pictures.The W San Francisco lobby and bar are very trendy, and we enjoyed the XYZ bar a lot. Nice layout and decor, though - as expected - drinks and food cost an arm and a leg.The location of the W San Francisco is not exceptional. Apart from SFMOMA and the Yerba Buena Gardens, I'm not sure much else is nearby. I suppose it is ideal for a business traveler, but if I were coming to San Francisco for leisure, I'd much prefer to stay in a different neighborhood with a little more life/culture. I will say that the valet staff were exceptional - though I am noting this due to the fact that we had a problem with our car when it was returned from the valet (the window was busted - and I do mean busted!). They took care of everything for us and made the experience as painless as possible, which I definitely appreciated.This was my first stay at a W hotel, so I can't compare it to others within the chain; however, I would definitely consider staying at a W again, especially in another city where the hotel might sport a better location. I'd recommend this hotel if you can get a room in the $200-$250 a night range; if you're paying $500 a night (which TripAdvisor lists as the average cost), I think you're much better off looking around.	
May 26 2007 	Mediocre at best 	After staying at several W Hotels, I decided to book a stay at the W San Francisco for a vacation. My room which cost $500/ night was completely unremarkable, especially in a hotel chain that prides itself in excellence. The room was small, cramped, and in need of a complete update. The furnishings were old and heavily worn, the bathrooms were small and dated, and not nearly as pristine as shown in the pictures. I asked to be moved to a different room, and they happily moved me, but it was just as bad. The bellman told me that they were soon to start remodeling the rooms, as they have been like that for over 8 years. The service was okay, but not remarkable. On the up side, the beds in the rooms are very comfortable, and the hotel lobby, bar and restaurant have an up-beat lively vibe. Overall, the stay was a bit of a dissappointment, especially given my recent previous experiences at Starwood properties. I would reccomend staying at the St Regis, which is only a block away, where you are sure not be dissapointed.	
Apr 14 2007 	Chillout in San Francisco	I stayed here for a week on business, between April 7th -14th. From the moment i stepped in to checking out, the service has been second to none. Staff are friendly and totally sincere, which is such a change when you travel a lot on business.The hotel itself is well situated for the Moscone convention centre and the main shopping district in downtown San Francisco, it is immediately next door to the SF Museum of Modern ArtThere is a small gym, spa and rooftop pool with hot tub, all tastefully arrangedThe business centre is functional, and again staff there were very helpful.Rooms are well equiped, and a descent size, I had a pretty standard room, but it had CD player and DVD player.In short a superb high end spec. hotel, suitable for business, family holidays, etc. and weekend breaks.	
Mar 20 2007 	Fabulous Hotel!	Stayed at the W Hotel thsi past weekend (March 16-8), which happened to be St. Patricks Day weekend! We had an excellent time. This was our first time staying at the W San Francisco, although we have been to their cocktail lounge and bar before.We stayed in a &quot;Fabulous Corner Room&quot; on the 24th floor. The room was average sized, with a very comfortable bed and pillows. Bathroom was average sized as well, but very nice. Very modern contemporary furnitings throughout. We had a nice view of the city, although it wasn't great. We looked down at the Museum of Modern Art, which is right next door. The opposite side might have a better view, possibly an ocean view.We ordered room service twice. Although a little pricey, service was prompt and food was good. Would order again!We did not try the restaurant, pool, or Spa. However, we did frequent the bar and lounge often! They have a very good selection of drinks, and the bartender Clay is excellent. Very good cutomer service skillls. We tried a few of the martinis. They were very good although I cannot remeber the names. The concierge was very helpful both nights as well. They recommended awsome restaurants both times and made reservations. The first night we went to Frisson, which is in the Finacial District; we highly recommend it! The second night we had sushi at Ozumo, near the Embarcadero. Again, excellent place and would recommend it to anyone.We had a great stay at the W. Hope to stay there again soon!	
Mar 5 2007 	Great W Property	After a few small hiccups, I'm glad to report that this hotel upholds the W standards of excellence.Upon check-in (which took a bit of time actually) we were shown to a room on the 31st floor. Although it was a corner room, it was about 1/2 the size of a standard room b/c it was the very top of the hotel, where the building's structure was literally cutting into the room. I called down and spoke to Gerrard who quickly moved us to a beautiful corner room on the 14th floor. He was really amazing... and even gave us a $100 food voucher for our trouble! We used it a few nights later at XYZ.We had no complaints about the room itself - the bed, shower, bath and tv/dvd were all wonderful. Would like to see a better pool - but i guess SF is not the sunbathing scene. The hotel is a simple walk to Union Square and even Chinatown a bit further. We took cabs to the Wharf and Haight. Surprisingly, it was somewhat difficult to find cabs... plan accordingly.	
Mar 2 2007 	Be wary!	Stayed for four nights on a business trip and was impressed with the size of the room etc. However, I found there was some rather foul stains (females staying along do not make marks like that) on the duvet cover, which obviously had not been washed - told the hotel staff and it was rectified but I received no apology etc. Really not acceptable in a hotel aiming to be top tier and fairly disgusting. So check your bedsheets before climbing into bed there.	
Mar 1 2007 	Not for all business travellers	On the positive side, this is a great hotel in a perfect location for the Moscone Centre. It's just a bit too far from Union Square to be convenient though. The staff were very helpful and friendly, service was excellent and the place was immaculate and well maintained. However, unless you like thumping house music in the lobby and new age music in the elevator lobby at 7 in the morning, it may not be for you. Other minor inconveniences make it a little less business-friendly than other chains, such as closets with insufficent room to hang your clothes and too few coat hangers. For the sheer convenience of being across the road from Moscone, I'll probably go back as the rates are reasonable compared to the nearby hotels of the same class. But as a tourist, I would pick something around Union Square. As a business traveller, it wouldn't be my first choice if I needed to be somewhere besides the convention centre.	
Feb 25 2007 	Good Hotel - But not for everyone	My wife and I stayed at the W San Francisco from Feb 12-17 for business. The hotel was good, but has a few flaws - mostly service-related. I've stayed at many Starwood properties, but this was my first stay at a W.We used the BART system from SFO International to Powell Station. The ride cost $5.15, and it's about 4-5 city blocks from the station to the hotel.We checked in around 8pm, so it' wasn't busy. The process was reasonably fast, but not particularly friendly. They said all the right things, but I got the feeling I was talking to a robot, not a person.As a SPG gold member, I was upgraded to a 30th floor corner room. It was very nice, but a little on the small side. The bed was probably one of the best hotel beds I've ever stayed in. The down comforter was really nice too. The banquette in the corner was a nice place to sit while I reviewed paperwork; I would often look out the window to enjoy the view. There's a lot of nice little things like the W Music in the CD player, the Etch-a-Sketch, and current magazines (like Wired). One bad note about the room -- the noise. Eventhough we weren't adjacent to the elevators, we still heard them operating all throughout the night. It was difficult to sleep at first, but we got used to it eventually.Maybe the most obvious thing to point out is the glass window bathroom door. It's not completely transparent like a regular window, but it's not as translucent like frosted glass: it's something in between. Refer to the attached picture as a sample. All I can say is that I know some people will appreciate it, but some people will not. The bathroom itself is fine.Concierge service was disappointing. My wife asked about booking a tour to Alcatraz, and they simply provided her a website address to book. She assumed we had Internet access and didn't even offer to book for us. I thought that was odd. When I asked about breakfast recommendations, she gave two: the XYZ Cafe and Mel's (which is about 3 blocks away). They were both terrible.The XYZ is the hotel restaurant. Service was terrible; the server was grumpy, she was slow, and she didn't bother asking how our food was. The food was bad. I didn't bother going back for dinner.The W Cafe Lounge is okay. I got friendlier service there, and it becomes a hot spot at night.There are a lot of great places to eat in San Francisco, so I wouldn't waste your time at the XYZ. If you want a really nice dinner, I would suggest going to Ame, which is in the St. Regis, one block away.The hotel is conviently located across the street from the Moscone Center, and is right next door to the Museum of Modern Art (MOMA). The hotel is about 6 blocks away from Union Square, a 10-15 minute walk.Overall, I thought the hotel is good and would recommend this hotel to business travellers. The room was very nice, but a little noisy. The service was very disappointing at times, but if you don't normally rely on hotel services, then there should be no worries. I probably wouldn't recommend this hotel for first time tourists, or to anyone who wants their privacy in the bathroom either!	
Feb 18 2007 	Ok but not great	Stayed at the W in early February. Check in was fine, but while we requested a non-smoking room, we were put into a smoking room. You could smell the smoke through the deodoriser. The room was nice, large, great air/heating, but the furniture is starting to show signs of wear and tear. Very fast internet connection.Room service needsa lot of work, the menu selection is tiny.An ok hotel for business, very convenient if you are attending a conference at the Moscone center. Will try the St regis next time though.	
Feb 6 2007 	Try the St. Regis	We stayed 3 nights in early January for a mini holiday.Check in was easy; we had a late arrival and received immediate attention. Valet service was prompt during the entire stay. The room itself was lovely; spotlessly clean and with a beautiful view of the bay. (There is ongoing construction that threatens to block this view in the future). Found the usual amenities in a W - Bliss products, two soft robes, blow dryer, mini-fridge, coffee maker and a range of DVDs for rent downstairs. All were in working order. I was sick during the stay and found the whatever, whenever service fantastic when I needed Tylenol at 2 A.M. and didn't want to leave the hotel to find a drugstore. On that note, I really needed a quiet night's sleep and was disappointed to hear noisy, intoxicated guests in the hall on Fri./Sat. night. In addition, every morning the maids let the doors slam going in and out of the rooms across the hall making it impossible to sleep.Concierge service was very slow. I asked for directions which one woman said she was printing for me. I waited to the side while she helped other guests and after 5 minutes she asked &quot;What did you need again?&quot;The music played throughout the hotel offers the trendy, nightlife ambiance the W is known for, yet on a Sunday morning the same music and blue lights in the hallway give the hotel a garish feeling.Yes, the location next to MOMA is great and you can walk to Union Square, but next time I'll stay at the St. Regis.	
Feb 4 2007 	Hectic in the lobby; quiet in the rooms	We loved our room -- one of the cool corner rooms with a fantastic view of the Bay Bridge from our extremely comfortable bed. With its charming window seat and lack of noise, this was a real urban oasis. . . . . .where we desperately needed to regroup to prepare for the hustle and bustle of the lobby. It was quite the scene on a Saturday night, which can be good or bad depending on your mood.Getting in and out of the hotel required a lot of effort. Check-in procedures at the busy front desk were intense (designed to prevent fraud, which is fine, but is it really a problem for my husband to use his credit card to pay for the room even though the hotel points go to my account?). Picking up our car from the valet service seemed like a chore in the overcrowded drive-through.All of this would have been unbearable if not for the warm attitude of the staff -- and the feeling that somehow you were cool for subjecting yourself to the rigors.	
Feb 2 2007 	Awesome as usual	If you like W hotels, you'll love this one. We stayed 3 nights and experienced great food at XYZ, a free room upgrade, and great service. We would stay here again for sure. Also, they allow pets. The hotel is immaculate also.The pool area is small but very nice. The rooftop area is nice but can be windy-- be sure to bring a jacket. The hotel is just steps from the Museum of Modern Art-- a wonderful place to visit.	
Feb 1 2007 	W Gets a 'D'	Two words describe our experience: annoying and disappointing. Let me elaborate. On the evening of Saturday 27th, our first night there, one of the guests on the 25th floor had two male visitors who were conducting an extraordinarily loud and rude conversation in the hallway that startled us out of a deep sleep. We called management to complain but as no one came up to handle the matter, I eventually had to get up and step into the hallway where I politely asked that the two guys keep it down. At that point they mocked my request so I closed the door and again called the front desk. Prior to security finally appearing, the two males apparently left but not before one last insult at our door of ‘stupid queers’ followed by derisive laughter. Not a great tone for sleep. Encountering belligerent and potentially dangerous drunken outsiders in the hallway where I’m spending over $300 per night is annoying. The too late appearance of your security was disappointing. Adding insult to injury, the next morning's overpriced, tasteless and cold egg omelet breakfast was perhaps the worst hotel meal we've ever had. This hotel may be perfect for the uninitiated traveler or the nightlife crowd, but, based on my experiences here, I doubt that we will ever stay with this hotel chain again.	
Jan 26 2007 	Fantastic Weekend - Incredible Service!!	We had an amazing stay at the W SF. We had not stayed at a W property before. We heard it was hip and unique and unlike most hotels. I had contacted the concierge desk a week prior to our arrival. Meagan was fantastic in making all of our reservations from airport pick up to dinner and spa reservations. She emailed our intinerary to us a few days before our arrival.We had a large, upper floor suite which was well appointed and spacious. We had ordered room serivce a few times and, while a bit pricey (as expected), the food was good and quick to the room. The rooms are showing a bit of age but they are very clean. The decor is modern and unique for a hotel. The city views were amazing!The service at the Bliss spa was great. We were immediately taken in for our treatments. The locker room attendent was very helpful. After our treatments the general manager introduced herself and made sure we were taken care of.We ate in the in hotel gourmet restaurant XYZ. The food and service were great.We will definitely be back for a stay at the W!!	
Jan 26 2007 	W could possibly stand for WORST or What the heck?!?	I atteneded the 2007 Macworld conference and decided to say at the W Hotel, San Fran first because of the W reputation, and second because of location. Because of flight changes I had arrived 1 day early and the W staff was more than accomodating to help me settle into a room, unfortunately they wanted to bill the entire stay to my credit card upfront not a big deal except for the fact that it was over $2000 for 4 nights. For that much money I want to be sure my stay is effortless and relaxing. The quality I would expect from a Starwood hotel was much less for example, the shower bar was rusting, with spots all over the curtian. When I called the front desk to ask if there were changing areas at the gym they put me on hold because they did not know only to hang up on the call. The hvac system was making a loud clunking noise at 3am each night, and when someone came to fix it they looked at the wall and stated this is the way it sounds. Did I mention the room size which is partially taken up by a CRT television? If you are looking for luxury don't spend you money here, go to the St. Regis right up the street.	
Jan 26 2007 	Whatever Wherever Whenever Waste	Original reservation was lost, then when re-booked, we were charged a full rate of $429/nt instead of the correct rate of $259/nt. Room very small, &quot;whatever, whenever&quot; service is useless, staffunknowledgeable (didn't even know if the pool had changingfacilities), and overpriced for items such as water ($8-14/bottle),and at a rate of $429/nt we still were bothered with paying for $3oranges and $3/each bagels in the morning (not even complementary coffee). Shower rod was rusty and shower curtain was stained (see photos) - unacceptable for a hotel of this class and price. Even worse, I couldn't fall asleep until 7am during the first night due to noise from faulty AC units on the roof.To this day, and after multiple contacts at the W, we have yet to have our correct rate from the original reservation honored NOR have we received any refund or any of the many problems we experienced. I am a Starwood Gold Preferred Guest (ps: I didn't even receive my preferred benefits such as late checkout, room upgrade, etc), and this will probably be my last W stay ever. Starwood is really losing its edge as its other properties have been sub-par in my experiences, too.	
Jan 22 2007	Fun on New Year's	We stayed here over the 12/31/06 NYE...even staying on points they upgraded us to a room w/ a beatiful bay view...already had plans for NYE, but stopped by the W's party which they comp'ed us tickets for (they were charging $90/ticket for this) which was well presented and looked like people were having a good time. Only downside was a bar tab was mistakenly attached to our bill and took 30 min for them to address when we were trying to leave.Love the location of this place though. An easy 2-3 block walk to any of the major SF shopping dining hotspots..	
Jan 16 2007	good for partying	This hotel is great for partying young people. The bar there is really cool and the hotel looks very modern. It is not my style, since it is a bit cold and dark, but I am sure many people enjoy the view. You can even buy the things in the room	
Jan 10 2007 	above average but only because of their friendly staff	The rooms need renovating in order to remain a four class hotel but everything else was up to par.The gym has good tread mills for jogging. Bliss has great service but one complaint: when getting a facial, I really don't want the staff to try to force their products on me. It is the same everywhere, different spa, different recommendations. Of course, they only recommend their products and they speak badly about the products that you are presently using. It is just irritating when all you want to do is relax.	
Jan 6 2007 	The bay view is disappearing	The W San Francisco remains one of my favorite hotels but we did notice a few problems this time. We've stayed at this W property around 5 times now.When greeted at the front desk upon arrival, the clerks are always pleasant, but this time there were probably 4 other groups of people checking in at the same time we were (around 4 p.m. on a Friday). The only problem is that everyone standing near the front desk heard every bit of everyone else's business, including room numbers and other stuff. It was kind of uncomfortable, and I'm used to a more professional check-in environment at the W.Upon getting to our room, we had an upper floor room designated for a bay view. Well, the bay view is disappearing fast with new big buildings being built in downtown San Francisco. One high-rise in particular has blocked a huge section of the view now so it's not the same as it used to be if you haven't been there for awhile. A couple of years ago, we had the &quot;city view,&quot; which is nice, especially during the holidays when the nearby park close to the Metreon is lit.The rooms are always nice and the W hotels always have a signature smell inside, which is wonderful. I have no idea what fragrance they use (and I was told by one of the clerks in the Bliss Spa on site that it is indeed a signature scent that is not sold anywhere on the property).This was the first time we ever noticed thin walls between rooms at the W. Either the rooms next to ours in the past were unoccupied or the people were extremely quiet. This time, we could hear actual conversations in the room next to ours and it was uncomfortable to say the least. One bad thing (or good, depending on how you look at it) is that the hotel is often a &quot;party&quot; type hotel, where you have a number of 20somethings who can be very noisy. Now that we're in our late 30s, it's beginning to get kind of annoying. :-) We heard a lot of door slamming and a lot of loud laughing in the halls at times like 3 a.m. and stuff like that.The Bliss Spa on site was very nice and the staff there was excellent... helpful and friendly and I'd give them an A plus.Some drawbacks are the ridiculous prices for the honor bar in the room. A $5 Reese's peanut butter cup? Are they kidding? And there are no soda machines anywhere on the property. We called their &quot;whatever whenever&quot; number at the hotel and were told that we could order room service if we wanted a pepsi or something similar. Ugh. We ordered breakfast from room service one morning and it was pretty standard fare... good but certainly not outstanding or unique in any way.Overall, it's a very nice hotel and you can't beat the location. The rooms could use some tweaking though. There wasn't even a sleep timer on the TV, and it wouldn't hurt the W to begin investing in plasma TVs. They want to be considered upscale yet they stick with older television sets, which is kind of strange. Their bathrooms are well-designed and very nice. We will probably stay at the W again but it's not quite as fine of a property as it used to be a few years ago.	
Jan 2 2007 	A Good Stay but may try elsewhere next time	My husband and I stayed a the W for 7 days. Initially, I found it difficult to communicate and make sure it was noted with the staff about our needs for late arrival and late checkout. Even though I called several times, I am a double/triple checker!, there seemed to be no indication of this on record. Upon arriving very late at night, the W lived up to its cool and clubby atmosphere. The XYZ bar was not a disturbance and has a nice crowd each evening without being overwhelming to the hotel enviroment. The W hotel staff was very young in their 20's and a bit pretentious. Its the W, what can I say. Our room was an &quot;upgraded&quot; room which meant, we were on a higher floor. We had a king size bed but it is smaller than a &quot;real&quot; king size. The room itself was small and a bit worn out. A nice feature was the cushioned window bench overlooking a great view and the bliss products in our room. I tipped the hotel cleaning staff each day and left a little note to receive more bath products. After going to the Bliss spa in the hotel, I saw the 6 pack of goodies we get in our rooms sells for $25! at Bliss. It was well worth the little extra I added to the tip each day. Everything in the hotel is very expensive...a Voss water bottle goes for $8. I recommend finding the closest Walgreens, which there are many around that area, and loading up on some munchies and water. There is also a liquor store nearby on 3rd and Mission (across the street) where you can stock up on spirits too. Hotel is located within a 5 minute walk to Market Street, the main street where you can get on virtually any bus. The area is quieter than Union Square but a 10 min walk gets you to Union Square for shopping. 2 blocks away is the Metreon movie theater. Overall, W location was great given our activities. OH..parking is $45. If you plan on renting a car and not touching it for a few days, move your car to the SOMA parking garage, 3 minutes away, for $20 a night parking. The valets from the W park you car here anyway. Only problem is the garage closes daily at 11pm. I highly recommend buying the PASSPORT for the Muni system. They are hard to find but you can get them at Union Sq. right where the Hyde-Powell cable car turns around. Also, buy the Muni map for $6 at Walgreens which gives you all the information you need to get around the Muni system. Overall, we enjoy modern decor but after 7 days we missed the more homey traditional style hotels like the Hyatt. The W hotels halls and elevator waiting areas are dark and their is lounge music playing 24/7. Even we had our limits. Hotel looked like it needed some updates. Location, window seat, and bath products compensated. May return or will try the Westin St Francis at Union Square. Right in the hustle and bustle.	
Dec 24 2006 	Uber Urban Hip... AND Relaxing!	What took us so long to try The W San Francisco?! We loved it, and we've stayed in A LOT of San Francisco hotels over the past few years.From check-in to check-out, the staff were as wonderful as the W promises (including the staff at the Bliss Spa, who probably are not employed by the W). Our corner room was like a mini apartment, with a great bed, plenty of window seating (little couches with comfy pillows), a big bathroom with quality amenities, a big desk w/ nice chair, and great attention to detail. Hip additions include a personalized wake-up call, Bliss bath products, windows with plantation shutters, and a CD/DVD player playing the W's up-tempo lounge music upon your arrival. The common areas are great, too -- makes you never want to leave the hotel. And super-cool tiny treats in the lobby (Was it just for the holiday season?): one afternoon it was hot cocoa, later at night it was a s'mores bar, and the next day it was hot mint green tea with extras to add in (cloves, orange peels, sugar chunks).Great location in the heart of SF, so you can easily walk to lots of art, shopping, touristy places, the bay, and some of the many great restaurants. A cab ride to the rest of the most popular places/neighborhoods will usually stay under $10.The biggest negative about The W San Francisco: almost 50 bucks per night to park the car. Come on!	
Nov 21 2006 	Ground zero for night life and entertainment	The mood is mellow yet powerful. The scene is young and hip. The food and drink is what every young urbanite dreams of. The rooms are modern, refined. Music plays as you enter your new digs. Bose wave radio and fridge full of snacks, alcohol, and other fun stuff are all included. Location is perfect. If you're looking to stay where the &quot;scene&quot; lays, post up here. It's worth every penny.	
Nov 11 2006 	Second visit- still underwhelmed	The previous visit at the W in May left me a little uncertain as it took almost an hour to get into a room after I had checked in (room wasn't ready, was redirected to another room that was occupied). Staff seemed young, disinterested in customer service, more interested in looking cool.This last visit was better- but the staff is still pretty inconsistent with requests. The bell staff is great but the &quot;whenever&quot; staff is not reliable and the concierge not helpful at all. For example, I called on Monday to cancel a Wed spa appt. Was transferred to the spa, no one answered. Asked the &quot;whenever&quot; staff to relay the message to cancel the appt....never happened.Rooms are great, always clean. Great bathrooms, water pressure, deep tubs. Housekeeping seems to be on top of everything.I would suggest moving the wall sconces to each side of the windows so that the wooden shades could be opened all the way.If I go to SF on business, I'll probably stay at the W but couldn't justify spending the $$ to stay their otherwise.	
Nov 7 2006 	How did I get in Nazi Germany? ... Oh wait its just the bar at the W	The service at the bars, both downstairs and the XYZ, is the worst I have experienced in my several years of functional alcoholism. The weekend I stayed was probably one of the busiest weekends in San Francisco during the year, with both USC and UCLA in the area playing football games against Stanford and Cal, respectively. The management had the brilliant idea to staff only two bartenders at each location to serve the 300-400 people that came out for the bar scene on Saturday Night. One of my friends (a very attractive girl who one would expect might get immediate attention from a bartender) asked how much longer it would take to get a drink after she had already been waiting for twenty minutes. His exact words, &quot;Well now you have to wait longer for mouthing off you [--].&quot; Unfortunately she did not have her pepper spray with her to give him the propert retort. Our complaints to the manager fell on deaf ears as we saw the manager having a good chuckle with the offending bartender after we complained. My suggestion, if you're going to go: Stiff everybody on the tips and steal some of the glassware to make up for the exorbitant prices and reprehensible service.Other than that the rooms were pretty small but well appointed with a modern touch and the location was a little too far south of Market.	
Oct 16 2006 	Very disappointed	We recently stayed at the W in San Francisco and were really disappointed. My Fiance and I were there to celebrate our engagement and when we arrived we were told the room we had booked was unavailable and they promised to have us moved for the second night. We were given a very small room with two double beds. No one from the hotel contacted us about moving and when my Finace inquired about it, the front desk staff was very rude and told her that there was no note on our file about moving us and sometimes they overbook rooms and our room wasn't confirmed (the clerk who told us he marked the file saw my Fiance and went into the back behind the curtain to hide). After threatening to escalate the situation, they found a room to move us into (which took over a 1/2 hour to switch). We asked the concierge for assistance with a medical situation and they never returned our call (after promising to have the information ready when we checked in). The bell desk was very slow and not very eager to assist anyone. Rooms are significantly smaller (both living area and bathrooms) than the W in Seattle and not nearly as nice. Saving graces, as with all of the Westin chain, is the bed which was great and the restaurant/room service staff was good	
Oct 11 2006 	Really enjoyed this hotel!	What a fun hotel! If you have never stayed at a W hotel, you might be in for a suprise. This hotel pretty much embodies the W brand concept. As expected, the location was awesome (right next to all the shopping/dining). The checkin was flawless and we were given a room with unbelievable views on the 25th floor. The room was very nice, and had satelite radio, CD player, etc.. There was also a great big window seat you could stretch out on and peer out at the great view. Overall the rooms are great (they are upgrading them next year as they are 7 years old, but they are still in good shape).As for the service -- the common areas are very cool, with &quot;chill&quot; music playing and a dark, sort of club like atmosphere. The concierge (which W refers to as Whatever/Whenever) is top notch. They can do just about anything, just ask (like get us into the fully booked resturaunts, find an ENT doctor lickety split, etc..). They're just quality conierges, and W prides themselves on that.Now, here's where your parents might get a little freaked out. At about 8PM, the large lobby area which is scattered with lots of cool seating arrangments (which W calls the Living Room) changes into a club. So, say you go out for dinner and come back to the hotel at 10. Open the doors to the hotel and you are in a fully packed (with beautiful 20/30 somethings) &quot;living room.&quot; There is a DJ playing chill type music. There is a large bar that is full, and hopping. There are people mingling, eating (from their XYZ resturaunt) which is very good. Overall, just very busy. I like that -- you may not. To summarize this, we went out one night and talked to some locals at a club. They asked &quot;Why are you HERE if you're staying at the W?&quot; We proceeded to all go back to the Hotel to party. Take from this what you want -- there's another door you can enter to skip the nightly parties. But they're fun and very professional. I loved it and am going to try to stay at a W whenever the city I'm in has one.	
Sep 11 2006	Thin Walls Small Rooms and dated decor	My husband's company selected this hotel as the location for their annual trip. The overall experience was okay. However, the walls were so thin that we could hear our neighbor flush his toilet, cough, take a shower, his radio, his phone conversation, his TV, and his radio. This was not a good experience when you are extremely tired from a long day of walking. The rooms were very small for the high price that was paid. The bathroom was very small. I for one am not a fan of &quot;modern&quot; decor, but based on the 4 other hotels that we have stayed at in San Fran I was not at all impressed with this dated decor.The pluses were their service for laundry cleaning and housekeeping.Based on the good points and the other comments, I would definitely NOT return to this hotel.	
Aug 29 2006 	I'll be back for more	The Service at the W was second to none, for a large hotel they made us feel very at home and treated us very well, my overall feeling was intimate. The staff were very friendly and food was brilliant. The Martini Bar was great, lively and comfortable and completely unpretentious. They gave us the house car to go to a dinner booking that we had made ourselves. The Concierge made great recommendations and we were treated well at the places they sent us.We were here for 4 days and were awaiting a FedEx package (my husband left his drivers license at home!) and they were incredibly helpful in contacting FedEx to get updates for us. When it arrived they let us know as soon as we walked through the lobby doors.Liked the location, liked the hotel, loved San FranciscoWe'll go back	
Aug 25 2006 	Decent hotel but small room	My wife and I stayed at the W July 17th through the 20th. The W's gimmic is to be kind of trendy in a &quot;New Agey&quot; sort of way. The room was very small but the window seat is a nice spot to look out over the city. The bathroom is fairly large and well equipped. Pray you don't drop a contact or something in the hallway as they are lit with these funky blue lights so you really can barely navigate to the elevators. The majority of the staff are knowledeable and quite eager to serve. We ate at both the XYZ and the Cafe and were pleased with the quality of the food and the service (even though compared to restaurants in the neighborhood the prices were quite high). The W is located in the southern end of the Financial District, a short walk to Union Square and AT&amp;T Park (home of the Giants) and is across the street from the Moscone Center. If the location is nearby something you are interested in the W would be a decent choice but if you are in San Francisco to see the sights there are better choices.	
Aug 22 2006	dated scene	Love the W in Seattle, but the SF W is small and dated. Rooms are very tight, decor needs an update. There are many great hotels in SF and it really is not worth the stay here. Not horrible just not worth it.	
Aug 9 2006 	Great hotel with an ideal location...	My husband and I stayed at the W Hotel July 27 - 31st. As soon as we walked into the hotel, we were immediatley pleased with the modern and trendy decor along with aromas of Guava. It smelled so good that we even ordered the candles (Bluewick - Guava). The front desk were helpful and allowed us to check in early and our room was upgraded. We had spectacular views of the Bay Bridge and the city (although the smog made it less visible at times). Ray, the morning/mid afternoon concierge, was most helpful. He recommended two great restaurants - Osha (Thai) which was located about a block away and Le Colonial (French/Vietnamese) which is further but within town. Ray also arranged our car rental to drive to Napa Valley and addressed any issues/questions during our stay with professionalism. We suggest future visitors to NOT rent a car during their stay in San Fran. due to parking rates. It is more cost effective to rent a car daily (which range b/w $39 - 59) so not to pay the $45 parking fee. Our rental was dropped off and picked up at the hotel, which was very convienent. The rooms were very clean, quiet and comfortable although a bit small. We enjoyed the location, away from the busyiness of Union Square (and, the homeless people) though within walking distance. It was great walking into the market area after eating dinner. The Farmer's Market at the Ferry Building was well worth visiting. We found the Fisherman's Warf very touristy. We really enjoyed a tour through Super Sightseeing Tours. We chose a combo tour which included Muir Woods, Sausilito, and Alcatraz - well worth going. Overall, our stay at the W was WONDERFUL! The only negative is during happy hour/evening hours at the XYZ, you feel untrendy walking through the seating area/entrance hall due to all the hip people drinking martinis and listening to W music. It would have been nice if they had a seperate area to socialize rather than in the center of the hotel, especially when you want to sit and relax after a long day. At times, it was difficult to talk to the concierge due to the high volume of the music and people talking. Besides that one negative, we truly enjoyed our visit at the W and the Bliss products in our room were a bonus.	
Jul 8 2006 	San Francisco cool	I was in San Francisco on business and at the last minute decided to stay an extra day. I had been staying at another hotel that is known for its business-friendly prices, but not for its conveniences (and because my company wouldn't pay for anything else). I booked through the Starwood preferred guest program and got a great rate on a corner king room. I arrived early in the morning expecting to simply store my bags, but to my delight, my room was ready. From the early check-in until the minute I left, I was more than pleased with this hotel. The room was huge and so comfortable. If I had any criticism, it's that there were a lot of 20-somethings running around late at night -- there are a lot of great bars and clubs in the area and apparently the W is something of a base for hipsters and wannabe hipsters. Also, beware of the bottle of Voss water on the night table - you will be charged $10. No matter what the room rate, this should be complimentary.	
Jul 7 2006 	Good HotelNice Location	This W Hotel is a chic, modern and trendy hotel at a good location. It is pricey, but the rooms are nice, clean and well maintained. However, the housekeeping servicesneeds to be improved since they do not bother themselves even putting back to its place in the closet an ironing board which you used the night before. I had a night experience at XYZ restaurant and it was well worth the money. I recommend this hotel.	
May 30 2006	Expensive but nice	Great location but expensive. You'd think Starwood members would get a better deal. Definitely visit clubs and restaurants outside the hotel for better meals and service. Get a room away from the elevator as it can be very noisy. Parking of $20+ is a rip off!	
May 20 2006 	W is expensive but very good	Stayed here on a business trip for a few days and I gotta say it was great. We arrived really late at around 1am and I was being given a smoking room and I asked for a non-smoking one and they sorted it out in minutes. My room was a corner room and it had a great view. The bed was massive, the workdesk quite good and there was a this nice couch sort of thing below one of the windows, which was nice to relax in. A very comfy room it has to be said. The bathroom was really big, which sort of seems to differentiate a great hotel from a regular one. The amenities were nice.Roomservice burger was mighty fine and the internet connection (cable) really fast. The check in people were really friendly and the location is great. There's a strip club next door if you are into that sort of thing, the Moscone center is close, there's an superb Mexican restaurant close, an IHOP, Mel's Diner etc...good location. The hotels waiters are all rather beefy and wear tight clothing which was a bit...erm unnerving and they werent very friendly, but the breakfast was absolutely awesome.	
May 12 2006	Cinco de Mayo OLE!	Had a great three day stay at the W. Upon check in I was recognized as a returning guest and received a beautiful corner room on the 21st floor with a delightful view of the Bay Bridge. Room was spacious with two 2 person couches and a large hassock. Plenty of room to entertain my family. Breakfast and dinner at the hotel's restaurant &quot;XYZ&quot; were a treat. Great service and wine list. I ordered the price fixe Artichoke Dinner with wine and was impressed by the meals balance,flavor and presentation. My family also enjoyed their meals. On Sunday morning I treated my niece and sister in law to massages at the Bliss Spa we all enjoyed our experiences. The hotels staff are highly motivated to make sure guests are happy with their stay. The hotel is expensive, but deals are available on the hotel's web site. I will definitely be back.	
May 5 2006	Well its okay...	I really wanted to title this review &quot;W stands for...&quot; but couldn't find an appropraite word for average beginning with W....From the time I arrived at this hotel until the time I left I was comfortable. And thats about it.Our taxi drew up and the first thing that strikes you as you walk in is the pleasant smell, and cool, dark atmosphere. Now when I say cool I don't mean it in the Fonz sense. The crowd was &quot;ageing businessman&quot;. What I mean is the temperature was cool and refreshing.Check in highlighted the first major problem. Parlez anglais? My partner and I are British. We speak clearly, we have no funny accents or colloquialism's yet everytime we approached the front desk we found ourselves repeating everything we said. No where else did we encounter this problem except at this hotel. I can only think that they weren't listening the first time round....needless to say this was tedious and made the checking in process drawn out.Our room was on the seventh floor, just above the pool area. Not a bad location and the sound proofing was good. The room itself had two double beds, a large TV with CD player etc, coffee maker with selection of Tazo teas and W blend coffee, a large desk area and a comfy day bed. Here there were some nice touches; quality dressing gowns, Bliss spa products in the bathroom (and the Maids replenish generously!), a good selection of pillows on the beds and a day bed by the window to relax on.It is all very comfortable and I had no complaints. Ok, so the phone didn't work properly. After a protacted exchange with the front desk, where we had to repeat had to repeat had to repeat what we were asking for, it was fixed within a day.Now for the rest of the hotel...Both of us wanted to check out the gym and were pleasantly surprised. The emphasis here is on cardio. There are about 4 treadmills, all fitted with tv screens, a couple of bikes, crosstrainers and a selection of free weights, yoga mats and ab balls. Jet lag meant that we were down there at 5am. It seemed to get busy at 6am so time your visit carefully.Bliss is adjacent to the gym (both on the fourth floor). Now I am not a big Bliss fan but I did try and find out if they had any massage appointments available and they didn't. If you feel like spending $120 on a facial then make sure you book ahead. We didn't eat in the hotel for dinner but we did have breakfast in the XYZ (gettit?) restaurant one morning. I was thoroughly underwhelmed. Ordered cappuccino which came in a cup that I can only describe as Dolly sized. The fruit salad was okay but anyone can chop up melon, drizze Vanilla yoplait over the top and charge $13+ can't they? Mentally decided never to bother with that again....as an aside they have a less format buffet just outside XYZ and this looked better. Muffins, cereals, bagels and a barista are on hand to deliver a quick breakfast.The hotel is located in a decent area. They are lots of casual dining options nearby, you can walk to Union Square in less than ten minutes and it feels safe round there. Plus art lovers will love the fact that Moma is next door.Now to the rating. The W is a good hotel - but its not great. It charges high prices and bills itself as a cool hotel. But the fact is, it just misses the mark. I feel that it was probably at the top of its game 5 years ago. Now the convention crowd have moved in and the coolness quotient has moved on.	
Apr 16 2006 	Comfortable Hotel Wonderful Service	The W provided comfortable accomodations, reliable and friendly service along with extra touches throughout my stay. (Everything from Hot Cider at check-in to fortune cookies at night). Rooms are small, yet pricey. CD and DVD player included in rooms was easy to use and wonderful. Hotel offers complimentary use of CDs and DVDs during your stay via the Front Desk. Pool (Refered to as &quot;Wet&quot;) is small, yet very clean. Excercise Room (reffered to as &quot;Sweat&quot;) recived and equipment upgrade during my stay. Overall, great service and comfortable rooms yet pricey. I will return next time I am in San Fran.	
Apr 11 2006 	April 2006	I recently stayed at the W SF while on business. I have stayed here a few times and this was one of my most pleasant stays. Staff was friendly... they can be a bit on the conceded side and the bed was as wonderful as ever. The gym was recently upgraded with new state of the art, touch screen cardio equipment. They retained the free weights, but got rid of the universal gym. The stay was nice over all. I would stay here again.	
Apr 4 2006 	Style and Quality in a Great Hotel	The W is the place to be in San Fran. From the ultra-hip XYZ bar to the hotties at the front desk, this place rocks! The staff looked at my Gold Card and preferred guest status and immediately put me in a corner room, view of the Golden Gate and all!! The room was ultra-comfortable with a fantastic bed, cool desk, little sofa in the window, and a big tv. The room had a perfectly controlled environment, nice temp and not too dry. The gym is hip with a glass ceiling over the pool and plenty of cool music. The quality exceeded my expectations. Example, Sundays are not good days to print a document since nobody can open the business center. The concierge dude had me send it to him by email and he printed it at no cost. When I got back from dinner there was a bottle of Sonoma red waiting for me with an apology for the printing problems. Can you beat that? Free printing and a free bottle of CA's best!! Wow!! Way cool!!!The bar hosts tons of people who are worth watching. Even the drunk from TransAmerica with the martinis was a hoot. Stay if you can and enjoy it, it's all worth it, and it's all good!	
Jan 22 2006	Fantastic home base in San Francisco!	I have stayed at many SF hotels and choose the W for this trip as I wanted to be in the SOMA district. From start to finish my stay was superb.I arrived on an early flight and got to the hotel at 11:00 AM. Rather than take a cab I used the BART this time from SFO. It took about 30 minutes, cost $5.15 and if you get off at the Montgomery station it's only about 2 blocks to the hotel. Even though I arrived early it was still no problem getting a room right away and I was placed in an amazing Bay view room on the 25th floor.The room was typical for a W although it was fairly large. The list of amenities in the room was substantial. Bliss bathroom products, teeth whitening kits, mini stereo with Sirius satellite radio, big TV, big work desk, very comfortable window seats and fantastic in room coffee to name just a few. The room was spotless and also very quiet.For other reviewers who mention the price of parking or mini bar items, this is simply true to any hotel in the prominent locations of a big city like SF. As I walked around the area I noticed all hotels were posting $40 parking.For breakfast each day they set up an amazing spread in XYZ. Each morning I would grab a jumbo muffin and some fresh fruit for only $5, a bargain for hotel prices, and then make coffee in my room and enjoy reading the paper while being distracted by the beautiful view.The W has a very nice feel to it, extremely comfortable and friendly. On my last day there I needed the business center which happened to be closed as it was MLK day. No problem at all, the front desk sent someone with me to unlock it and give me access within 2 minutes of my request and then they didn't even charge me! All the staff were professional, friendly and more than willing to help out. I have found my favorite hotel in the great city of SF and will look no more the next time I return.	
Jan 14 2006	exactly what you'd expect from a W	Great location (next door to MOMA, downtown and commercial - not an area with great San Francisco residential character), small rooms with great beds and shower heads, helpful concierge for restaurant reservations and directions. I can understand those who might feel out of place not wearing all black and being over 30-something, but we had a perfectly good experience there - being people who are 30-something and do wear a fair amount of black. We did not avail ourselves of any additional and probably overpriced services, such as the minibar, spa, or parking, and therefore were satisfied with the value we received.	
Jan 5 2006	10 out of 10 until check-out..........	I would have given this hotel a 10 out of 10 but unfortunately, I was treated horribly upon check-out. I received no offers of help or understanding when my suitcase broke and the shuttle was waiting downstairs. A female concierge was rude and unhelpful and the lady at the front desk wasn't any better. When I checked in, a male whose name I have forgotten was very kind and upbeat. Too bad he wasn't there when I checked out.I liked the spa because it was bright and clean and when I received a massage/facial the lights were dimmed. I do think that they are overpriced however.I liked the room and the view and I also loved that when you entered your room, they had the music box playing...I loved the CD so much that I bought it.Room service was fast and efficient and very delicious as well.The french martinis at XYZ are great. Overall, I had a very nice time and will stay at a W again.	
Dec 29 2005	Had a great time at the W	My husband and I recently stayed at the W hotel for about 5 days. We were in SF for a wedding and to see family and friends for the holidays. We had an awesome time at this hotel, and no problems whatsoever with the staff! They were gracious and friendly, and went out of their way to help us out when asked.It IS a bit trendy and I think that it caters to a younger crowd..that is what we liked about it, though! Of course, like any hotel, you have to be careful about grabbing that bottled water next to your bed or anything from the minibar. We found that there were plenty of places in the area to grab a drink and lots of great places to eat nearby or a quick cab ride away. My girlfriend and I spent some time in the bliss spa located in the building, and although it is expensive, had a great experience there as well. We also had dinner and breakfast in the XYZ restaurant and the food was yummy, too. All in all, the hotel IS pricey, but I really don't think you'll find much for less in the city. We thought the quality was worth it.	
Dec 28 2005	Gouge-A-Rama	We stayed at the W San Francisco from December 17th through the 26th. It was not our first stay at the hotel, and we previously had a very favorable opinion of it. Not anymore. Let's begin with the shameless manner in which the W San Francisco charges for incidentals. There are all kinds of nasty hidden surprises. One example is a $10 to $30 and up &quot;package handing fee&quot; to bring boxes or packages from the hotel loading dock to the guest room. This includes FedEx packages. Then there's the $1 per page incoming fax fee. I can understand recouping a reasonable sum for ink and paper and even making a reasonable profit but at that rate I could have purchased my own fax machine over the duration of my stay. All seasoned travelers know that minibars are an unholy rip-off. But the W San Francisco gives new meaning to this term. The price list next to the snack goodies breaks out the costs, but you must look very closely at the fine print; there is a 20% &quot;restocking fee&quot; tacked on to the numbers listed. This is very easy to miss and a very immoral business practice. I awoke, very thirsty in the middle of our first night, so I grabbed the water the hotel had conveniently set next to my bed. Sure, they've got fancy artesian water in the room, and again, I would expect a reasonable premium for this. Well, the W San Francisco seems to have no problem charging guests $8 a bottle ... that's right folks, EIGHT bucks for a lousy 12-oz. Bottle of water. Then there was the night we wanted a stiff drink before bed. We sauntered over to the W bar for two long island iced teas. I was in total disbelief when I saw the bartender concoct a drink consisting of about 90% sour mix, 5% Coke, and maybe 5% alcohol for $10 each. I am not exaggerating one bit. It was totally undrinkable. Parking ... again, I understand their need to charge a lot. After all, the location is prime real estate and they've got a valet staff to pay. Most garages in the area charge around $250 a month for self-parking. The garage down the street charges $22 per night. So, hey, $30 or $35 wouldn't be so bad with all those full service valet guys. But no. The W San Francisco seems to think that $90 every two nights is perfectly okay to charge people for PARKING. Oh, and be careful if you decide to park off property and use the valet to run up to your room for five minutes because the hotel will tack on $14 plus tax to your room bill. Some readers may be thinking &quot;yeah yeah... this guy is just upset because he spent more money than he could afford at an expensive hotel.&quot; I only wish that were true, because I'd have far less of a problem. The truth is, we found many of the hotel's staff to be both rude and unresponsive. Now don't get me wrong here. There were many very helpful and friendly folks. But we found that a handful of people working the front desk were the reliably slow and unfriendly. We noticed this was a pattern more than just a few isolated incidents. Oh, and remember the package delivery fees, and the $1 fax pages? Let's talk about those for a moment. I sent a FedEx package for Saturday delivery at a huge expense to ensure its timely arrival. I arrived on Sunday night and asked for it upon check-in. Three different people insisted the package was not at the hotel after repeated requests to locate it. It was not until I could contact the shipping clerk at my company on Monday morning to prove that the package had in fact arrived on Saturday that I was able to retrieve it. The same goes for the faxes... I could only get them delivered by repeatedly badgering the front desk staff, and only then would they send them up. In one instance, a fax sat downstairs for nearly two hours before it was brought up to my room after repeated requests.Overpriced and spotty service. That's enough to keep me away for a good long time, but the discomfort of the guest room really put the whole experience over the top. The mattress was hard as a rock. After five days, my companion developed deep dark rings around his eyes from inability to sleep. I'm not sure if this was just isolated to my room but it was hugely disappointing. You'd think with all the money generated from the $8 water bottle sales and $45.60 parking fees and other annoying nickel and dime fees that they'd at least keep the beds in good shape. The pool area is in need of a facelift with dirty, worn pool cushions, and the treadmills are older base models. Bottom line, this hotel is a terrible value.There are so many great hotels in San Francisco. Why waste your time and money being uncomfortable at the W?	
Dec 13 2005 	The Spa looks like a hospital	The W Hotel was not my first choice for accomodations in San Fran, but I got a great rate so I thought I would give it a try. I have stayed at a W in Manhattan, so I knew what to expect. Here is a summary:On the Positive Side: the gym is nice and they have cool music pumped in there and the pool (indoor and heated). Its very clean and there are tvs at alot of the machines. There is free cold water and nice towels. - The room was what you can expect from a W - modern and a bit worn. The TV was a flat screen. The bathroom is very average. The Bliss products in the room are a nice touch.- The doorman and the front guest employees were upbeat and professional. The room service was OK but pricey. - THE WORST THING about this hotel is the very eery Spa. I booked a massage the first night I was there and when I got down there to check in I wanted to run the other way. The entrance to the Spa is lit with hideous and very COLD colored lights - flouresent. The mood is rockin and cold. The music is technojazzy - not slow and spa like. So I decide not to run the other way - but just to keep an open mind and get my massage... The locker room was worse than my high school locker room - chilly and brightly lit and, again, COLD. The waiting room was COLD, the massage room had lights that shined in your eyes.... the place has a huge hospital vibe to it. I have been to spas all over the world and this place was WIERD. talk about feeling like you are in a dressing room and the lights are making you look bad. It was hard to relax. The massage was good - but i would NEVER go back.If I were over 50 I think I would hate it there. Lots of people wearing black hanging out in the lobby. Stay there ONLY if you get a great deal.	
Nov 21 2005 	Perfection...	My visit to San Francisco is was simply outstanding while staying at the W Hotel. Great location, however I recommend taking cabs, opposed to parking at the hotel. The staff was very nice and prompt to my every need,the room was clean and had modern funiture and stocked with Bliss Products from the Bliss Spa downstairs, which is a must do. I ordered room service during my weekend stay and had some of the best Duck I'd ever tasted! Even the wine was good. I will back to visit this wonderful hotel with my friends and family.	
Nov 7 2005	Stay at this hotel if you like rude people and small rooms	A recent stay at the W confirmed my fears of previous reviews. Upon arrival after a long flight I was to find that the room I had pre paid for was not available and with total attitude was told had no idea when it would be. After waiting for more than 3 hours for a room I was given a smaller room than the one paid for (can you believe a so called 5 star hotel that has the shower over the bath). Stay at the brand new St Regis just 1 block from this hotel! Never again the staff have total attitude, rooms very small you can do much better than this hotel for the price!	
Nov 2 2005	Nice property Helpless front desk	We had two rooms for our family last week October 19-23, when I checked in at the desk I requested an upgrade (Platinum member), none available, next asked not to be near the elevator, told no problem. Once at the room that evening, settling in, I hear loud rushing sounds, I realized we were assigned a room next to the elevator shaft. (On backside of shaft, from door not apparent) I thought maybe at the bed, which is further away from the elevator; maybe it wouldn’t be so loud, wrong. I went down to the front desk to be reassigned a room, the young woman assured me the property was sold out and could not accommodate my request, she said it was such and such a room and was designed to be quiet. I mentioned she was welcome to come up and listen for herself. I finally requested to speak to a manager; well he was at the next terminal.He tells me, he does have other rooms, but they were all the same circumstance. Getting nowhere, I was assured it would be handled the next day &amp; moved. The next day, before we leave for the day, we packed all our 7 bags, had them setting conveniently by the door for the bellman. At 1:00 or so I call the hotel to confirm what arrangements had been made. The front desk had no record of what happened and had no idea what I was talking about. So I go through the whole thing again, they assure me they will make the change, move us to another room and our keys will be at the front desk when we return.When we returned that evening, I go to the front desk to get our new key, then I’m handed the key for our same existing room. No record or any movement, at all.So in summary, the staff is friendly, there lips move, but nothing happens.(no welcome amenities)	
Nov 1 2005 	Not for the over 50 something crowd	We drove into San Francisco following the directions we recieved from the hotel we almost missed it.. the &quot;W&quot; sign and the parking garage were very difficult to see. The valet parking was pricey at $45.00 a night but the attendants were very prompt and friendly. In the hotel we found the lighting to be very...soft making us 50 something ladies look pretty darn good..... right up until we had to read something... The room was very small it had 2 (very comfortable) double beds, a window seat (which was ok) and a bathroom with a glass door? The lighting in the room &amp; bathroom was again very soft and nice and not so nice for the above mentioned reasons. The bar/lobby/livingroom or whatever you call it was fine but not for us. We had dessert and a drink at the xyz which were good but pricey. We tried to make an appointment for a massage but they were all booked. The pool and exercise area were small. Don't bring your book to read and relax by the inside pool because there are no comfortable chairs. The staff throughout the hotel were friendly and helpful. The area at night made us midwesterners a little nervous to go out. Last but not least the thin walls were very noticeable at about 3:30 a.m........ probably not going to be a return guest at a &quot;W&quot; anywhere, sorry.	
Oct 23 2005	Stylish comfort	Corner room was stylishly decorated and appointed in a masculine style. Very comfortable and relaxing.	
Oct 20 2005	Nice but not at that price!	I arrived at the hotel around 2pm but was told a room was not ready due to heavy load the night before; I was given a bottle of water and asked to return in about an hour. Returning 90 minutes later the room was ready. Check-in was quick and reasonably efficient. The room was nice in a very modernist fashion with a good view, with the Bay Bridge off in the distance. The room was very small however, especially at over $300/night. I didn't mind the dark decor, especially in the halls which were almost gloomy, but some might find it a bit much. Very nice gym facilities with pleasant staff. This was my first W visit and while nice I more inclined to stick with other Starwood properties in the future.	
Oct 13 2005	Chic but overpriced	I have stayed at many hotels in San Francisco, and the room we got at the W seemed the most cramped. The &quot;Chic, trendy&quot; theme and the window seat made it bearable. The decor and fixtures were great. We used our Starwood points to stay at the hotel to try it out. For the weekend we stayed, it was a busy weekend in SF, so the rate for our standard room would have been $389/night if we had paid for it. Unfortunately, it was not worth it. We enjoyed the service, views, location, and the XYZ restaurant, but we feel there are better hotels in the city for even better price. We asked for a corner room, but they claimed there were none available. Perhaps that corner room would have changed our view of the room since it would have been more spacious. In all fairness, most of the large hotels in SF have small rooms, of which the corner rooms change the entire mood of the stay. We liked the pool and hot tub. Small, but a treat since many hotels in SF don't have a pool at all. I liked the glass ceiling. The Bliss Spa (operated independently of the W, but inside the hotel on its 4th floor) seemed unnecessarily snooty. Overall nice stay, but due to small standard room size for the price, we won't be staying at this W again.	
Sep 29 2005	Trendy stay in San Fran	We stayed at the W in San Francisco in late September 2005. We were upgraded to a corner room on the 24th floor - with an amazing view of Bay Bridge - awesome at both sunrise and sunset!.As a fan of the W chain the room didn't disappoint, we soon had our music playing on the CD player and we slept like Babes on the soft beds, with duvets!In the evening the Lobby area is fully of buzzy people who are lounging on the sofas ... we struggled to find a quiet place to get a coffee while we recovered from a long journey.The concierge were extremely helpful, whatever questions we through at them - from where to fill our rental car with fuel to booking a restaurant that we passed on the cable car.If you are parking there, suggest that you drive around the block to the MOMA parking (right onto 3rd, then first right again) - which is less than half the price of Valet parking and they use the same parking lot!We had breakfast in the hotel on one morning, too over-fussy for us (although my husband rated the poached eggs), so ask for directions to Mels drive through diner about a block away.The free Wifi access in the lobby is a great resource.Would recommend the W, although I am not sure if the trendiness and centralish position is worth the additional cost!	
Sep 23 2005	W-o-W	After reading all the reviews here we decided to stay at the W for our trip to San Francisco. The trip was amazing and the W was a big part of that.-Location: As they say location location location. For walkers like us, we found almost everything to be within walking distance. Walks down to the Ferry Building were pleasurable and provided for &quot;out of towner gawking&quot; at the buildings on or around Market St. Walking to SBC park to watch the Giants was also pleasurable... especially when they win both games against the Dodgers! When you aren't up for a walk, or want to go over to Fisherman's Wharf like we did, you are only a few blocks away from Muni (including the fun historic F-Line that we took) and BART.-Staff: We were a bit worried, having never stayed in a place like this and reading some of the reviews, that the staff would be snooty and would not smile. I don't know if it was the fact that we were wearing Giants jerseys or not, but the staff was warm, proficient and helpful. We got there way before check in and they said they had a room for us already. Turns out that it was on the 31st floor. We got up there and turns out it only had a double bed instead of the king that we had reserved. No problem, a call down to the front desk and everything was taken care of with a kind word and a smile. The service didn't stop there. When I got a blister from all the walking in bad shoes (yeah I know my fault), the front desk sent up band aids post haste. Amazing really when you are used to the Super 8 or something and aren't used to such service. EVERYONE on the staff was very nice. We are talking the cleaning crew even. The only people that weren't were our fellow guests.......-Hotel Style: The first thing we noticed was the amazing plants in the lobby and throughout the hotel. Not only are they real flowers, but they are big and healthy in really nice vases. That alone impressed us. As reviewers before have mentioned, there was techno music playing in the lobby which we felt added to the &quot;cool&quot; of the hotel. We also got a drink at the hotel bar and it seemed to be quite the place to go on a Saturday night. Plenty of people milling around for a good atmospher but not so many as to feel like it was a bar first and hotel second. Add to that the blue lighting and contemporary styling and art and you have yourself a nice place. -Rooms: The rooms are not overly big but you are not cramped in the slightest. The bed was amazing. The sheets were high thread count and the pillows comfortable. Add to that we had a view of the Bay Bridge from our window seat and it was wonderful. They also have a cd/dvd player and all the other amenities that you would expect at a place like this. The bathroom was nice, with a shower/tub combo and nice fixtures throughout. But the one thing that I noticed the most was how quiet it was on the 16th floor. We are talking total silence. You couldn't hear the traffic from down below. You couldn't hear the people above, below or on the side of you. It was such a new experience for that reason alone let alone everything else.All in all the W was a fantastic experience. I never saw myself as a patron of such establishments, but the W has changed that and I may just end up having to go to the W in San Diego or Seattle.	
Sep 16 2005	Woed by the W	I am getting to be quite a fan of the W brand.Friendly staff at check-in and a room upgrade to a huge corner room was a good start. The fresh modern decor in the W hotels suits my sense of style. Bliss products in the bathroom enhance the overall package.I didn't use the restaurants or bar since habitually I try and use local eateries.All in all a good hotel within easy reach of central San Francisco	
Sep 12 2005	Loved it!	I stayed at the W Hotel in San Francisco for 4 nights and loved it. It was so nice. It definitely has a different feel to it. It's modern and comtemporary. It just feels very warm and inviting there. The staff was wonderful and very accomadating. The room was great. It was very clean and the bed was extremely comfy. My only complaint was the dinner menu at the XYZ restaurant didn't really have anything I liked on it and the waiter was a little rude when we only ordered dessert to go. Also, there aren't any vending machines in the hotel. The mini bar prices are high so go to the store and stock up on snacks and drinks for your room.	
Sep 10 2005	W = very Wow	Stayed 5 nights late August, we were given a corner suite on the 19th floor what a lovely view of the bay bridge and harbour and I used starwood points for the room so it was free. The room was large and very comfortable, the usually heavenly beds and the bliss bathroom products were great.The room was very quiet the only noise as other people have commented is when you get out of the lift the bar area is always busy and very noisy during the evening. We had dinner in the restaurant twice and enjoyed our meals both times. For breakfast go the the bar you can get fresh fruit salad, muffins and fresh juice for about $5 each, what a bargin, we did this every morning.Only about a 5 minute walk to the shopping area and right next door to the art museum, what a great location.	
Sep 6 2005	One of the best sleeps ever!	I stayed at the hotel from August 25th to the 29th. Other than navigating the way from the BART ($4.95 per person, as opposed to $16 per person for the shuttle, and approx $40 for the taxi) to the hotel, the W is easy to find. The closest BART station is Montgomery, which is about two blocks from the W. The hotel itself is very chic. The lobby during the day doubles as a DJ lounge at night; we didn't mind the music whatsoever. The front desk staff were very friendly, and were able to meet my request of an early check-in. The room was small but quiet, comfortable and meticulously clean. We practically melted into the beds, making that alone worth the stay! Shops are not too far away, though a walk to Union Square will be about six blocks. The views from the room were spectacular, and it was relaxing to spend evenings sitting on the alcove reading a book and looking at the San Francisco skyline. I would definitely make another stay at the W San Francisco when I visit again.	
Aug 29 2005	Loved this hotel!	From the minute I walked into this hotel, I felt relaxed. When I checked in I was the only one on line but I am not surprised to hear that some people had to wait in line for a bit. The staff at the front desk is a bit slow and can be a little less attentive than one might like while on vacation but the atmosphere immediately puts you at ease. I had a regular corner room (i believe corner rooms are slightly larger than other rooms) and it was quite big, with a big desk and chair, entertainment unit, big bathroom, very large comfy bed and a even a little area by the window to lay down and gaze out onto San Francisco. All the floors are lit very dimly with music playing. The hotel restaurant was delicious for lunch and service was excellent. The Bliss Spa on the 4th floor was recently added and is such a great addition. The pool and gym area are very clean nice as well. Perhaps the only problem is that it isn't on the best block in San Fran. Several times when arriving at the hotel at night a homeless person would be standing right outside the hotel or actually come and open my cab door and ask for money. The area around the hotel at night is not that crowded. I think they should have a staff person ourside as they do at most other W Hotels. But overall, a very relaxing experience. Although it is not cheap, I think it is worth the money.	
Aug 26 2005	Great trendy hotel sub-standard service	The hotel was fun and trendy, which is the main reason we booked it. The lobby area and elevator area are lit like a nightclub with hip music piped. The beds are delightful and indulgent. We booked a special Bliss spa room package that was supposed to come with a variety of free goodies including 2 treats from the munchie box, 2 free drink coupons, and a Bliss Face Mask pack. When we checked in, no mention was made of the freebies, so I assumed that it would be in the room. But it wasn't and I had to call down 3 times to have it sent up. Each time I called down, the person who answered had no idea what I was talking about. It just seemed like there was a great deal of lack of communication among the hotel staff. My credit card was charged for the 2 free treats and I still have to clear that up. Hope I don't have as much trouble with that as I did before. The concierge was very polite and helpful though. Service is just a little spotty.	
Aug 24 2005	Service Great Room mediocre	Check-In: My Dad and I arrived at the W at 4:30 p.m. and waited in about a 2-3 person line, with three staff members checking in guests. Elisa checked us in and gave us a 12th floor &quot;Wonderful&quot; room with a Bay View. Lobby: The lobby was called the Living Room. The Living room was filled with cool and sophisticated furnishings and contemporary art. At night, the Living Room was filled with a mass of people at the bar and all over the Living Room. You felt special walking through the crowd to go to the elevators. Elevators and Hallyway: The elevator was dimly lit but in a cool, fun way. The elevators were very quick and very large. When you get off the elevators, the carpet reads Welcome!. The Hallway was lit by blue lights and spotlights on the art. The hallways smelled like new carpet.Room: We booked a 2 dbl. bed, non smoking, Wonderful room. When you first walk into the room, there is a little area with a bench and 3/4 full length mirror/ The bathroom was to the left. You continue walking in and there is the 2 dbl. beds crammed into the room. A built in Tv cabinet that felt like it would fall on you! A Desk with leather chair, a nightstand with some San Francisco Magazines and a W Hotels Book. The Desk featured Bliss, The Spa catalouges, the hotel directory, and some paper and pencils. At the end of the room by the windows was a large window seat with 4 brown square pillows and 2 neckrole pillows. There was a dark blue throw on the window seat. The coushin was stained with white and red staines. I suggest that be recovered. The Beds we're so comfortable, I slept like a rock. They had 4 down pillows, a down comforter with a brown duvet cover. The duvet covers we're both stained and were pretty gross. The headboards we're really cool: They were big slabs of wood that stoped just before the ceiling. For the long morning sleepers, there were wooden shades that kept about 3/4 of the sunlight out. 3 complaints: 1. The windows DID NOT OPEN. 2. The windows we're terribly dirty and hard to see out of 3. You needed to keep the shades on the windows, if you try to move the middle ones to the center of the seat, the window seat is unuseable. And if you want to move the outer wooden shades, there we're 2 wall sconces on each side so you could'nt put them on the wall. I agree with the previous reviewers that some of the furniture was a little shabby and scrathced and probably needed to be replaced in the near future. The Artwork was black and white pictures of San Francisco. There was a 27 inch tv, a dvd player, a CD player, the W CD, and the mini bar, which was terribly overpriced. The carpet was brown and was alittle worn. Bathroom: The bathroom was pretty awesome! The sink faucets came out of the wall and the sink was metal. The shower head was great! Is almost massaged you. The shower curtain was clean and had the W on it. 1 complaint: The door was a glass slider and it didnt work well. The glass was not opaqe but ribbed and you could see in easily. It also didn't slid very easily. The robes were great and were 100% cotton. Sweat/Wet: That is W's pool and fitness center.Sweat: The fitness center looked pretty well equiped with alot of machines and quality machines. Wet: The pool was dissapointing. It didn't have WET on the bottom which wasn't a big deal but it was tiny. There was a family with about 2 kids and it seemed they took up the whole pool! The tile around the pool was also outdated.Whatever/Whenever: That was their service to their guests which was pretty efficent. I called down and asked for extra towels b/c our got wet and they we're there in about only 5 minutes! Great!To rap it all up:We had a pretty good time in SF and at the W, but it was not perfect. The rooms need to be changed a little bit and the pool updated. Some people say the dark in the hallways hide the dirt and wear but i do noy feel that way. So a 3 star hotel experience. If I came back to SF, I would maybe stay here again, but probably the Four Seasons just down the street.One reccomendation:Go the the METREON!! For movies and games!	
Jul 21 2005	as expected	W hotel SF pluses:very comfy bednice bay bridge viewnice staff - in all areas of hotelgood bathroom amenitiesgood showerease of check in check outminusroom service spendy and spottyparking expensivewe liked the W - we expected it to be as it was but were surprised that people had complained about service as we were treated very well, staff was friendly and relaxed. great location if you are traveling to sf and want to be in a non fisherman warf neighborhood. weve certainly stayed in more plush hotels in sf but found the W to be comfortable in all areas.	
Jul 9 2005	W is No Wow but is still Kool	Check-in: Excellent. Room: Large, great bed and bathroom. Some of the furniture was scratched and needed to be refinished or replaced. Excellent TV and stereo. Wonderful restaurant for breakfast. Above average gym and VERY nice pool. One complaint: valet parking was $45.00 per nite: that is ridiculous!!!!!!!!!!!! It was the one bad note on an otherwise great stay.	
Jul 6 2005	W was a great part of our trip!	First thanks to all those who have posted reviews before me, as they helped me make my own travel plans. My husband and I stayed at the W Hotel in San Francisco over the July 4th weekend and we had a great time. (W stands for Welcome!) The thing I liked most about the hotel was that it was very, very clean. (W stands for Well-Kept!) The bed was comfortable and the room was spacious. My husband needed razors (since you can no longer carry them on airplanes) and W provided them free of charge in less than 10 minutes. (W stands for whatever, whenever). I loved the free assortment of BLISS products in the bathroom and that fact that they are replenished every day. We had a corner room on the 16th floor that overlooked the Oakland Bridge and the SFMOMA. Great location...and staff was helpful with directions. (W stands for Whereabouts!) A couple of notes: You can order from the cafe menu at the restaurant, so don't feel like you have to get a gourmet meal when you only want a burger. Also continental breakfast is a bit pricey for what you get...($2.50 for coffee, $2.50 for croissant, $2.50 for fruit) Better to get out into the city and find something quaint and fun. Hotel (not the rooms) is dark and moody, but part of it's modern charm... lots of art...funky and sophisticated...probably not the best place for kids, but definitely for singles and DINKs. (W stands for WOW!)	
Jul 5 2005	Wow for the W	Just returned from a stay at the W. After reading some of the posts here I was a little hesitant. Our stay at the W was fabulous. From the moment we drove in we were pampered all through our stay. From the bellman to the bartender, everyone was courteous and helpful. The halls are dark with a club like feeling. If you are young and looking for a chic place to stay the W is the place.	
May 18 2005 	Much prefer Hotel Vitale	I stayed at W San Francisco for 5 nights and thought it was okay although costly. It wasn't until I stayed at Hotel Vitale 8 months later that I realized W was really mediocre in comparison.The decoration at W was rather dark and gloomy although modern with spacious bathroom. The staff were definitely rude and snooty. Hotel Vitale was chic, bright, comfortable, relaxing, and it has the most friendly and helpful hotel staff I can ever recall! Having lived in SF in the distant past, I found the Embarcadero district of Hotel Vitale much more enjoyable (Ferry Building, restaurants, Bay Bridge, NICE walk/jog along the water to Fisherman's Wharf) than areas around W in South of Market. Both were around $220/night. In the future, I will never stay at W in SF, possibly not at any W. I LOVED Hotel Vitale and would definitely stay there again.	
May 15 2005	Tounge in Chic	My husband and I appreciated the little touches that made the W special. When they were helping us unload our luggage, they were able to discreetly announce our arrival to the front desk so that they were waiting for us at check in. They have a sense of humor which is appropriatte for the property since it has funny little touches like an Etch a Sketch on desk. The bellman was a doll and gave me a great introduction to my room and the hotel. We stayed on the 25th floor with a corner room overlooking the Bay Bridge. It had cute window seats and I love their linens and color palette. Some would say my bedroom at home resembles the hotel room. Bath robes are nice and light and they have very generous amenities from Bliss Spa. We didn't get to check out the spa or pool but will do that on our next visit.	
May 15 2005	W in SF	This W property is in the South of Market area; not renowned for tourism but across from the Moscone Convention Center and near the dot-com business area and SBC Park (baseball). It has a trendy euro-asian aesthetic, from the apparral of the staff to the decor and vibe. Inside, it is dark, stylish, with audible techno music and valets wearing wireless headsets (almost a cliche). It does feature an expansive lobby and bar area, populated by the dot-com crowd in an area still lacking many evening attractions. If you need to be close to shopping and tourist attractions, look again. If business or staying in a W is warranted, this is your place. Note that the BART light rail is a few blocks away.	
May 2 2005	Not so good as W Union Square	We did have a few problems here. Park round the back at the ordinary parking lot near the art gallery and save yourself over $20 a day. It is one minute's walk away and no waiting for your car at the time of check out. Don't believe the staff who say there is no nearby parking!Avoid the bar if you can't stand the DJ's taste in music, he is the only one enjoying it and no-one else can hear to talk.The desk staff were sniggering and cheeky about guests in our hearing. The concierge couldn't care less and ignored me for nearly 5 minutes whilst I waited like a naughty kid by her desk. She was having an interesting personal phone call for me to listen to though.We were woken up by a screaming tannoy at 5am. The guy told us in broken English that it was a mistake, and sorry. Then he did it again. And again at 5.30am. Later the manager told me there was a fire alarm activated. It seems no-one knew what to do but as we couldn't understand the guy on the tannoy it is as well there was only a mistake to deal with. To be fair the manager handled my complaint well.We are used to W Union Square. Won't be going back to W San Francisco.	
May 1 2005	Chic 	My wife and I chose W for our first stay in San Francisco based primarily on it's proximity to Yerba Buena Park, which we figured would offer good dog walking possibilities. The property is quite spiff, and our standard room was very comfortable with all the deluxe amenities -the window seat was a nice touch.The staff was very friendly and helpful (with the single exception of a concierge who couldn't help us find a suburban phone #).Breakfasts in XYZ -get it?- were great, and the folks there couldn't have been nicer.While we were aware of the W's &quot;chic and sexy&quot; reputation, this did not fully prepare us for the lobby scene each evening, when we 50-somethings would return from exploring the city only to run a gauntlet of scenesters partying to DJ-driven technopop! It was, like, so totally not us!This party theme was continued each night by our neighbor (starting at 1:35 and 2:25 am, but who's counting?), who must have enjoyed sleeping to the soothing strains of his CD player - the bass was particularly well amplified through our headboard! When I finally called the desk at 5 am, however, the security staff were very prompt and effective.We'll look for someplace less self-consciously chic on our next visit.	
Apr 28 2005	W Hotel in SF more she she than Tza Tza	My wife and recently returned from the W Hote in SF and let me tell you, the place is slicker than greese. The rooms feel tremendously clean, although I would still stay away from the comforters as is recommended in all hotel rooms. There is plenty of space in each room, the plush wood is a nice dark brown which gives it a homey feel. There did not go the route of cheesey floral patterns that many of the other leading brands use. It is located right next to the Museum of Modern Art as well as the Moscone Convention Center. Check out the Thirsty Bear Accross the street while you are there. Great tappas!	
Apr 26 2005	Could've been better	Stayed in this hotel late September, 2003. My best friend and I were very excited to stay at our first W, expecting luxurious surroundings. While everything was very nice, you definitely want to get your own room. The rooms are good sized with a King bed, but two Queens was ridiculously small. Linens and pillows were good, bathroom was AWESOME, hotel in general was what we expected. However, please be aware of the incredibly steep parking charge --- $40 per car, per day. Also, the hotel borders neighborhoods that could use some renovations. You don't want to walk alone at night (as we were warned by locals.) The bar is really crowded on Friday nights --- very fun. All in all, I'd stay somewhere better next time, but this was okay.	
Apr 21 2005	very nice typical W (not necessarily for the traditional set)	Stayed 1 nite here this week. Was a very nice hotel - trendy and hip, not traditional. Good for business travellers but may not be for ppl w/young kids or older travellers. The hotel was very nice - neat rooms, very clean, comfy bed, bathrobes, coffeemaker, Bliss bath products (although housekeeping didn't leave soap for the bathroom sink), friendly staff, good bar, and good food at the XYZ restaurant. Hallways and elevators were a bit dark and it was a bit overwhelming w/the loud music in the reception area, but that's somewhat typical of Ws. Food and drinks were a bit pricey, but I guess that is what to be expected in the cities. Can get grab and go pastries, fruit, yogurt, coffee at the bar in the a.m., although pricey ($10 for a granola and fruit mix!). Parking was very expensive - $45/night. Also, heads up if you stay near the fire house side (near the parking entrance) of the hotel - you might get woken up in the middle of the night for a fire call. Also, heads up on the opaque glass doors on the bathrooms - if you're travelling w/friends, this might be a bit much. (You can't really see much, but it might be uncomfortable for some.)One other thing - the gym/fitness center is currently undergoing renovations, so they have an arrangement with a hotel down the road for W guests. Otherwise, very nice place. Will definately stay here again.	
Apr 18 2005 	disappointing	We had stayed in W Hotels before and had a certain expectation in mind. This property is way off the mark. The service was poor. It's as if this property is a training ground for high school hotel workers. The housekeeping service was indifferent. The concierge service was unprofessional.The room service, however, was prompt and good. As far as the room layout, it's hard to get used to a glass bathroom door. There is no privacy in the bathroom.	
Apr 2 2005	Would not stay here again.	My husband and I live 30 miles from the city and will go in and take weekend getaways often. We have stayed in NUMEROUS hotels in SF. I have always liked W's in the past, so we thought we'd give this one a whirl. Oh man, i felt dirty the whole time. It wasnt bad housekeeping per say, i just felt like I didnt want to touch anything. It felt dark, cold and univiting. The lobby is annoying. WAY too loud, and I felt like I was invading people's space by trying to get to my room. The food at the hotel restaurant was so so, nothing special of very pricey. I would definetly never stay here again. There are MANY places that are so much nicer and more friendly!	
Mar 17 2005	Pleasant	Darkly lit W with nice facilities. Restaurant, spa, business center and pool are good, but otherwise it's a well used W. Staff were very helpful, room was clean, view was great, etc... If you know W's, there are no surprises. Central location a stones throw from the shops.	
Mar 15 2005	Terrific	I stayed at the W in San Francisco for a night and enjoyed myself and I wish I could have stayed longer. My room on the 30th floor was terrifically comfortable with all the right elements. The staff was friendly and polite.	
Mar 8 2005	Wwway Underwhelming	I have never written a review but used this site often. Having said that, my recent stay at the W made me want to share my experience. I did a lot of research for my weekend stay in SF. I looked at a variety of places $150 and up. I picked the W because of the reviews on the website and was very disappointed.The hotel room was really small - even though it was termed &quot;spectacular.&quot; There were two double beds that were squished in there, and a entertainment bureau that felt like it might fall right on top of you...It felt really small which was more than just an aesthetic problem since there were two of us bumping into each other all the time.For $239 the only thing &quot;special&quot; about the room was some complimentary Bliss products. Everything else was for sale with a high price tag -the $6 water, the $14.95 a day internet rental, the use of the business office and so one and so forth.The room service was also over-priced and the restaurant (which I had heard good things about) was really terrible. I had soup which I sent back and a $10 dollar salad. Again not happy.I must also say that I am not one to post my grienvances but I would really steer people away from staying at this over-priced, underwhelming hotel - basically it is just too much for too little.Plus, it feels like NYC instead of SF, CA. Will be going more local next time.	
Mar 4 2005 	Great hip hotel -- very comfortable	The reviews on this site are pretty right on, except for the part about the techno music. You can barely hear it in the hallway next to the elevator. I stayed in a corner king room on an upper floor with a great view of the bay bridge and surrounding bay to the south. It's the most peaceful urban hotel room that I've ever stayed in. The really fun part of the hotel is that when you're ready to leave the calmness of your room, it's a short elevator ride down to the 2nd floor bar or the 1st floor cafe/bar, both of which get a large crowd of urban young professionals seven nights/week. The bar staff were not pretentious at all; they were very friendly and approachable. The drinks are expensive, but the atmosphere is great, so long as you're into the hip/trendy setting. The room is set up really nicely, and the bed, as at all W hotels, is probably the most comfortable hotel bed that I've slept in. The sitting area beside each of the windows was also great. It was large enough to curl up on and read a book. The bathroom is large and the shower is pretty decent (nothing like the shower at the carneros inn, but the water pressure is strong and adjustable...it's also not cramped). I understand some of the reviewer complaints about the bathroom door. You can't see through it exactly, but it's not opaque. In a King room it makes sense. In a double room, I'm not sure why they wouldn't switch to an opaque door (if you're not sharing a bed with your fellow traveller, I really doubt you want to see a sillouette of him/her on the can) but then again, it let a lot of natural light into the bathroom. Some reviewer mentioned that the wooden shades didn't block the light. I guess their shades must have been broken, because I found that they worked great, and I like my hotel rooms very dark. I also ordered room service one morning and it was brought up in about 10-15 minutes and was very good. Yeah, it's expensive...it's hotel room service, so what. The pool and workout area are also very nicely done. I wish that the outside patio that extends from the pool were on a higher floor rather than just the 3rd, but then again it was raining most of the time, so it wouldn't have mattered for my stay anyway.The only piece of advice I have is this. If you're getting to the hotel by cab instead of your own vehicle, don't drag all your luggage in through the main enterance at the corner of 3rd and Howard. Instead, go down Howard about 100 feet to where it says &quot;Wheels&quot; and go in that way. If you go in the main enterance and it's after 5pm, you will feel like an idiot b/c you'll be dragging your luggage through a mob of people and probably try to check in at the bar. The hotel is a great retreat and you'll have fun as long as you like the hip/trendy type of hotel. Check out their website and know what you're getting into...if you're older and don't want to be around a bunch of young professionals, probably better off at a Union Square hotel, which is really only a few blocks away.	
Feb 11 2005	very slick and modern if you like that kind of place	The W is lovely, but you have to want to be &quot;cool&quot; to stay there. It has a hip, edgy style, so don't plan on coming through in your jeans and sneakers while site seeing.   There's a great bar in the hotel on the second floor - although it gets very crowded weekend night. 	
Jan 24 2005	Long-term stay	I lived for 7 weeks at the W while on business in CA. I initially had a wonderful 19th floor room facing the Metreon and the Yerba Buena Arts Center with a full-length window seat. The room also had a very large, simple bathroom. The Zen-like d??cor was relaxing and fun--it was the most peaceful hotel room I have had the pleasure of experiencing. Service was high quality throughout the hotel, though the meal service in the hotel's restaurant can be very slow depending upon the server. The concierge was excellent, arranging Alcatraz tickets, suggesting restaurants, providing maps and information about Napa Valley and answering questions about the area. When my wife came out for company business we shared a 12th floor King Corner room facing the Bay Bridge. The bathroom was smaller than my 19th floor room but the room had the same wonderful features: a wooden headboard that stopped just short of the ceiling, 20 inch TV, minibar, great views of the surrounding area, and the same peaceful vibe and d??cor. We used the hotel laundry service--clothes were returned the same day when we submitted them in the morning. After I left for home, my wife had many small service issues with housekeeping (on separate days they did not provide her soap, then toilet paper, then took her towels and bath mat and did not replace them). The hotel is dark in the corridors and other guests would loom up out the semi-darkness and surprise me. The techno music in the lobby and elevator areas was a bit much at 5 AM when I went to work but this is the price for staying in a &quot;hip&quot; hotel! The only problem I had was loud music from the adjoining guest room one day at 3 AM. A call to security and 3 minutes later, my room was again silent enough to hear the AC kick on. I would gladly stay there again, and I miss my peaceful, hip W!	
Jan 19 2005	Very cool place	I stayed at the W San Francisco in September for two nights. While the location is a bit off the beat for shopping, the hotel itself is fabulous. My room was set in a corner with a nice view of the city. The bed is so comfortable and the linens and decor were very stylish. The bathrooms were large and very accomodating. At night the hotel turned very dark and gave off a very youthful vibe. The bar was very crowded with a young clientele. The hotel staff was very pleasant upon check in and the guests were an eclectic mix of business travelers and tourists. the fee for parking was outrageous - $40 day. I will return for another stay in Feb.	
Jan 17 2005	depends on your taste but the best bed in the world	I have to admit that this review is based on a stay in 2002, but I've been by since then and the place seems pretty much the same. I titled my review as i did because the W has a very definite ambiance, and if their idea of cool isn't yours, the public spaces may not be for you. Let's just say that the lighting in the elevators and hallways is just super if you're looking for a high-tech opium den. The bar and restaurant were nice but somewhat sterile--cosy is not the vernacular here. I will give them props for nice, comfy lobby chairs and sofas arranged for chatting with your friends.The concierge was very nice and friendly and funny and, of course, helpful. The Desk staff was professional if somewhat distant. Valet parking was efficient and expensive.As for the room, it was smallish, as was the bathroom, but quite comfortable and well-appointed. It also had a beautiful view of the Bay Bridge. There were two outstanding things about the room, though:1. The most comfortable bed in the known universe (which, incidentally, you can buy from their website). I travel a lot and have been tortured by mattresses and pillows across the country, but this is simply superb sleeping.2. It had a window seat. This may be just my own personal preference, but there is just somethig so appealing about sitting in a window seat on a cold, misty night, propped on nice soft pillows, looking out at the Bay Bridge, listening to good music and reading a good book. (One doesn't have to club it every night....)Also, the room was nice and quiet, but none of the windows opened.I gave the W only 4 stars because I prefer cosy and old-fashioned elegance to the very steel-glass-and-leather style here, and I feel that overall it is too expensive (room service, phone, etc. prices were hilarious). There is a good parking garage a couple of blocks away if you don't want to pay for their valet service. W is across Market St from the Union Square area and directly next to MOMA, so it's a short walk to shopping and a breath away from Moscone Center.	
Jan 10 2005	Don't expect too much and you'll be happy...	So I stayed at the W for New Year's Eve weekend and checked in on Thursday night, departed on Sunday. The check-in was a bit dissapointing as it took the staff about 7 minutes to come out from behind closed doors and then another 15 to finally get checked in through the system. The room is small but very hip, comfortable and with an amazing view of the bay area. The beds make the hotel and will not dissapoint. Had dinner at the XYZ and it is highly overrated, but excellent for breakfast. Their &quot;whatever, whenever&quot; service failed to impress me. I called at 6:00pm on New Year's Eve in desperate need of finding a store open to purchase a belt, was told I would receive a call back and NEVER DID. Call me crazy but I thought &quot;whatever, whenever&quot; meant they could actually GET ME THE BELT should I have needed it? And all I wanted was a store that was open so I could walk to it...it's really more like &quot;whatever, whenever we want&quot;. Besides that, the rooms are quiet, never heard these fire engines so frequently mentioned, unless outdoors. The bellmen are very helpful and at the concierge desk downstairs, the man was so kind to print out boarding passes for my friend and I on day of departure. Bring extra cash for martinins at the bar, they range anywhere from $8-$12. Overall, for the vibe, this hotel is awesome, total party atmosphere...but for service, a little too much attitude. It's hard to be nice to people who work for a hotel making close to minimum wage who act like you owe them something.	
Dec 30 2004	Great hotel tips for parking	Overall, the W hotel was a wonderful experience. The bedrooms were clean and decorated beautifully, the beds feel like you are sleeping on air, and the bathrooms were luxurious and stocked with great bath products. One bartender was outright rude, but everyone else (especially housekeeping and the concierge) was extremely nice and helpful. We got excellent recommendations on restaurants.Parking is outrageous ($46.50 per day) but we parked our car ourselves in the same garage the valets use (on Minna, one minute walk from the hotel) and paid $20 per day. It was definitely worth the expense to have our car to explore the city.I am in my late 20's but was there for a quiet vacation with my boyfriend. We enjoyed being away from the bustle of Union Square, and the walk helped with the great restaurants we tried out. The hotel is geared towards a younger crowd but we saw many older patrons who seemed to be enjoying themselves.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone venturing to San Francisco.	
Dec 16 2004	Among the best in SF!	I've stayed in many of the top hotels in SF (Ritz Carlton, Park Hyatt, Mark Hopkins, etc.) and the standard rooms in the W are easily the best. While many guidebooks and reviewers tend to focus on suites, I've noticed that the standard rooms of upper echelon hotels are not that much different than your higher-end Hilton or Marriott. Not so with the W. The design is sleek and appealing, and there are numerous little touches in the rooms which you won't elsewhere. And the location is pretty good too, despite what previous reviewers have mentioned. If you can't afford a suite but still want a 5-star style room, the W is the way to go.	
Dec 15 2004	A modern hotel with exceptional bedrooms and an interesting restaurant	The XYZ restaurant offered excellent food in a modern athmostphere. The service was excellent and all the staff very professional and efficient. The bedrooms were very large with every possible thing you could require, comfortable beds, computer, tv. video, mini bar etc. There was also an enormous bathroom with a powerful shower and an abundance of shower gels, shampoos, etc.I would certainly have no hesitation if recommending this hotel.San Francisco is a fascinating city which is easy to get around. The taxis are cheap and the tram quite an experience. Don't miss the museumns and the Pier at Fisherman's Wharf where the sea-lions are! There are good shops and Lake Tahoe and the Winelands are within easy reach.	
Dec 6 2004	W might stand for 'wonderful'	Took advantage of the Chrysler promo:arriving in our Crossfire. From the valets, front desk to restaurant staff, we were treated with casual elegance. Had an exceptional lunch with perfect service in the XYZ, well worth the price. The W's decor is wonderful with unique touches and artful lighting. It's so nice to come off the elevator to subdued light tones with more light just where you need it near the door. Classy...and this won't remind you of lots of overlit hotels. The room is &quot;stylin&quot;, sexy and done with class. This one is not like &quot;just another hotel room&quot;, but you have to like the contempory look. In spite of being across from Moscone Center and a Fire Station nearby, neither my wife or I ever heard the sirens once we fell asleep. The double pane windows kept the street noise out, and the bed gets credit for a great night's sleep away from home. We will visit this hotel again, and recommend you treat yourself to some &quot;laid back classy style&quot;!	
Nov 30 2004	I love the Service and style of the W	This is a fantastic hotel! I would like to tell you about my experience with the consierge. I called a few days before I showed up and spoke with a very enthusiastic consierge, who gave me a fabulous rec. for a hairdresser. Although he offered to make the appt. for me, I did it myself, and I was treated to a fantastic haircut at a gorgeous, nearby salon (totally within walking distance) from a sweet and unpretentious hairdresser. I LOVED staying at the W and highly rec. it to anyone who wants confort, a bit of pampering, and nice design and style.	
Nov 30 2004	FANTASTIC HOTEL	I stayed at the W in SF for four nights in Nov 04, and I found the entire experience fabulous! My room had an awesome view of the Bay Bridge, everything in the room was super-comfy (esp. the bed and the bathtub), the hotel is quiet in the halls, I loved the Bliss bath products, the room service was DELICIOUS every time and always arrived within 15 minutes of ordering, and all of the service was wonderful, from the front desk to the room service to the maids. I have spent a lot of time South of Market, so I know the neighborhood well, and this is a great locale! I did not want my W experience to end, and I can't wait until I check into the W Seattle in January! I highly rec. this hotel--it's a wonderful sanctuary from the hectic SoMa world outside.	
Nov 20 2004	Not the best location	During a recent trip to San francisco, we ended up staying longer than anticipated. The hotel that we originally stayed in was fully booked for the two extra days that we needed. So, becfore checking out, I called the W, as I am a member of their special guests program.Generally, I find my stays at various W Hotels to be pleasant. I enjoy the contemporary decor and style of service of the chain.However, the W in San Francisco is not one that I'd return to. The location leaves much to be desired. Although it is accross the street from the SF Museum of Modern Art, and is within walking distance to Union Square, the area has uncomfortable vibe at night. If walking, one has to go down either of two dimly lit streets to get back to the hotel. Fortunately, there were cabs there, but it doesn't seem as though one should have to take a cab to get a few blocks away because of the atmosphere by the hotel at night, when it is advertised as being a Union Square hotel.The room, an upgrade to a corner room, was quite small for it to be considered an 'upgrade.' The bathroom was fine, however. Also, the view was quite good. Perhaps if one is there on business and has people around them when walking about at night, it would be better. But, as a single woman, I would not stay there again. Not close enough to Union Square to be convienent, especially at night.	
Nov 11 2004	Poor service poor attitudes	I planned a romantic weekend getaway for my boyfriend &amp; myself and another couple. Looking forward to splurging, I knew that the W Hotels had a reputation for being top-notch, even tough a little pricey. Unfortunately, this romantic getway was not all we expected.Bad:Service overall was terrible. Starting at the front desk, they were all too cool to be speaking to mere mortals, such as myself.I had booked 2 king bed, non-smoking rooms with a view of bridge. When I checked in, none of these options were available. After some debate, they were able to find me non-smoking rooms with a shabby view, each with 2 double beds. So much for romance.Parking was soooooo expensive! We decided to park ourselves around the corner in a public garage and later saw the W staff parking their valeted cars there, as well, for double the cost.Rooms were small for the price, and anything you touched cost an ungodly amount of money. Consierge supposedly booked reservations, which were not ready at the correct time.Doorman service for taxis was useless! Easier to fetch your own cab.Good:I loved the Aveda bathroom amenities.The beds were great!Overall:Try the Adagio. We loved that place!	
Nov 1 2004	Never again.	W HotelSan FranciscoOct 28 – Nov. 1, 2004, Room 516Oct. 29 No housekeeping at all. Called at 10 pm and asked if we wanted any.Oct. 30 Called concierge and asked for a cab van for six people at a specific time. Called at 7:00 for 8:30 pm. It was a woman. Got to concierge at appointment time and a man told us to go see the bell boy in the street, Luckily we only had five and squeezed into a cab, and made our dinner reservation with only 5 min, to spare.Parking charges, internet charges, room service charges are unconscionably large.Telephone is nearly inaudible to other inside hotel numbers both from the room and from the house phone across from the desk in the lobby. Strong hum indicates wiring problems with the phone system.Reservation was screwed up and we were given an invoice, and it was charged to Visa, after the first night of a four night reservation. Called early in the morning after the invoice was put under the door, and changed the incorrect reservation. Desk called back a second time hours later confused over the reservation.Sound isolation from very, very loud bass in the lobby practically shook the room. Called at 9:40 pm and complained but was told nicely that it would be over at 10 pm, which seemed reasonable.Room was ready early.	
Oct 11 2004	For the hip 	Negatives: The most unwelcoming, unfriendly front desk staff of any resort I've ever stayed at. They act like they are too good for their guests. The hotel is very dark and you can't even get to the lobby on a Thurday, Friday or Saturday night ...it's full of locals for happy hour. Forget about sleeping on those nights also, there's a D.J. that plays in the lobby and people are up until all hours of the night partying. I'm only 33, but come on...you get the feeling that you are staying in a night club. Positives: Room was very clean, houskeeping does a great job - nice size room for being in the city. If you are a trendy, hip person then this is the place for you, my husband are I are just too preppyfor the W.	
Oct 4 2004 	Hip 	I spent two nights at the W. The last time I stayed there was just after opening several years ago. The hotel is showing some wear and tear. The carpet in the hallways is rather worn. The carpet in my room was very worn.I really like all of the amenities in the room though. In particular, I appreciated the DVD player so I could finish the movie I started on the plane. The room had everything I could have asked for. Cordless phone, alarm clock, coffee maker, wet/dry bar, CD player (with CD), TV, desk/chair, couch/bench.I'd recommend a corner room to get windows on two walls. The room I was in was above the average San Francisco sized room which tends to be too small.Expensive. A small bottle of water cost $6, and parking was $46 per night (outrageous!). The broadband internet service cost $15 per day ($5 more than most hotels).The hotel and clientelle are on the hip side of things. The Friday night I was there included a DJ in the lobby to top off the club-like atmosphere.The decor and setup in the room was great though, and probably enough for me to return.	
Aug 31 2004	Customer Service? What customer service?	I kept notes for this one, as the first night (of 5) was the most awful hotel experience I have ever had:1. Staff just stood around watching as I struggled in with two bags into what appeared to be a discotheque. No-one pointed me in the direction of check-in.2. The check-in girl made it seem like she was doing me a favour by letting me stay, rather than treating me like a customer. Big attitude problem.3. My reservation for a king smoking room had been made nearly seven months previously. The check-in girl told me there were no smoking rooms available as only 2 of 31 floors were smoking. This is unacceptable in a state like California where smoking in public places is banned.4. She was obviously lying because when I kicked up a fuss she offered me a twin bed smoking room with an option to move to a king smoking the following day.5. I later found out that there was a king smoking room that would have been available after they finished cleaning it ... at 8pm!!6. The much advertised in room CD player did not work.7. The maid had not reset the alarm clock which awoke us at 7am - in all my travels I have never had to check that the alarm is off, it is something I take for granted.8. The blinds (which shut out very little light) were taped together with unsightly blue sticking tape. The same blinds are in the Sheraton on the Park in Sydney, but they have the foresight to install blackout blinds behind them.9. This is the first hotel in the Starwood chain that I have stayed in where you have to pay for bottled water (at $6 a pop)10. The prohibitive cost of &quot;amenities&quot;, &quot;dry bar&quot; and &quot;wet bar&quot; which had a 20% service charge on top, meant was I was not inclined to use hotel services wherever possible.11. No morning newspaper, despite it being part of the deal as a Starwood Preferred Guest.12. The heated pool was freezing cold13. The whirlpool didn't work.14. A used plaster, cigarette butt and what looked like dog poo was around the swimming pool floor.15. The bathroom tap came off in my hand.16. The batteries were low on the TV remote control.I gave up writing down problems after the first night. However we were moved the next day, the bed was very comfortable, and the service level rose to mediochre for the remainder of our stay. If it hadn't I would have asked for a transfer to the Westin. I shall not be staying at W again.	
Aug 15 2004	Trendier does not mean better	I was not impressed with this hotel. I visit SF quite a lot and have been booking my hotels through a reliable and reputable reservation company for the past 7 years. I arrived at the hotel on a Friday evening and was curtly and rudely informed by the woman at the front desk, that my reservation did not exist and that there was a city-wide sell out, but that they did have a room available for me that was $20 more the original price I reserved it for! I took it as I was tired and had little energy to argue. I asked if they would have a room the next night and was told they could put me on the waiting list. No offer to help me find another room in the city. The hallways were dark, the windows in my room didn't totally block out the noise from the fire engines pulling out of the fire station right next door to the hotel, and the room itself was very small. I called my reservation company and they were able to get me a room with a city view at the Park Hyatt for $60 less than the W. What a difference! I hadn't stayed at the Park Hyatt before then, but I will definitely stay there again. The view from my room was incredible... TransAmerica building, Coit Tower, North Beach, the piers and a partial view of the Bay Bridge! My room was 2x as big as the W and most importantly, the staff was amazing, from the doorman to the concierge. Everyone was smiling, very attentive and helpful. I was especially impressed with the concierge who had helped me store my goods from a day of shopping at the Ferry Market. As she helped me, guest after guest approached her and thanked her for her spot-on recommendations. The Park Hyatt is not trendy like the W, but to a seasoned hotel guest like me, the Park Hyatt was a saving grace! I also recommend the following hotels: Hotel Milano (price and convenience-parking package available) and Galleria Park Hotel (great for service)	
Aug 11 2004	$46 per night for parking? Are they crazy?	The W is a well kept hotel not far from union square. The mood is hip and funky and some decent weekend rates can be found on the internet. But I found the $46 per night parking charge to be totally unacceptable. I have never experienced such a high price for valet parking. Unfortunately, there were really no self-park options in the area. If I stay at this hotel again, I will definitely not bring a car!	
Aug 6 2004	Eh	Hip hotels in NYC and L.A. have some of the sharpest front-of-the-house crews around. So it's surprising that the W's seems so amateur. You can call the front desk, the concierge, and the bellman without ever getting an answer, and wait over an hour for a bag to be delivered. Too bad, because it's a really pretty place.	
Jun 22 2004	Most comfortable hotel I ever stayed in	The lobby is funky with weird music, and the hallways are poorly lit. I wondered what I was getting myself in for when I walked in. But the room was the most comfortable hotel room I have ever stayed in. You could get lost in the down quilt, or perch in the window seat and cuddle up under the cushions and afghans and watch the traffic on the bay bridge. There was enough light in the room to read or work by. I never wanted to leave. I travel a lot and have become hard to please, but the W has my vote. 	
Jun 20 2004	Very cool and funky but not cheap	Spent 3 nights here. Good location - easy walk to everything. Fabulous restaurant. Efficient staff - as friendly as necessary, but just don't expect to be treated like royalty. Right next door to the conference centre and art museum.Prices are high - $46 a night valet parking, eating for 2 in the restaurant for less than $100 is tough.Very modern, stylish, tastefully lit (no, it's not bright) - if you want a typical SF boutique hotel don't come here. If you have to share a room with someone you aren't intimate with, don't come here. If you want to have a cheap break stay well away. But, if you want to treat someone special with an eye for style and you don't mind spending proper money then you could do very well here.Rooms are pretty compact, but it's a modern downtown hotel so that's normal. Everything was clean and hassle-free.The only reason I wouldn't go back is that if I wanted to spend that much money on my beloved once more then I'd pick another W in a different cool city because we've done SF now :o)	
Jun 9 2004	Not worth the money	I stayed at the W San Fran for a week in February while attending a conference. I found the hotel staff to be somewhat disinterested in attending to my requests, and found the lobby/bar so busy at times it was difficult to walk through just to get to the elevators to go to my room. The halls were dimly lit and intimidating for people walking alone. I shared a room with a female colleague and we were horrified to discover that the bathroom doors were basically see-thru. There was only a ledge along the window to sit, no chairs in the room to relax in. We both brought laptop computers and were charged $14.95 per computer per day, for interenet access. We were told the charge for the room (for HSIA) was $14.95 per day, so it was a surprise to see the price doubled upon check-out, especially after being there for 6 days.Overall I felt that for the money spent at the hotel the rooms were small, the halls were very dark, the staff was not interested in customer service, and the bathrooms created too intimate a feel for collegues travelling together. I would not return.	
May 3 2004	Rooms small and dark	I did not enjoy my stay. The hotel was very expensive for such small rooms and unlit corridors. The colors used in the rooms are browns and tans. Very drab! Small sitting area in the room and in the main entrance. The location is good if you are going to the convention center; however, it is not close to very much of anything else. It does not look like it does on the internet. I would suggest that you find another place to stay if you want to enjoy your visit.	
Mar 21 2004	Great stay at the W	I loved the W. It helped that we got a corner suite which is extra spacious, with a great view of the bay. The location is a bit out of the way though, in the SOMA area. It's a 15 min walk or a cab ride to the fun areas like Union Square, Embarcadero center, etc. Here are some photos of the hotel and room: http://*******************************	
Mar 15 2004	"Weird"	The only word that comes to mind is &quot;Weird&quot;. However, my stay at the W was both positive and negative. The rooms were fine (altough somewhat small) and the computer access was quite good. The hotel interior however was annoyingly dark everywhere, including the elevator stations, the floor hallways and the lobby. Falling or bumping into something was a real concern. The bathrooms had elaborate beauty and body products but not a shower cap in sight. The staff members were all dressed in black, wearing ear phones and walkie-talkies. The only word that comes to mind is &quot;Weird&quot;. The next time in San Francisco I will return to a warmer, more traditional luxury hotel.	
Feb 23 2004	Great location great hotel		
Dec 5 2003	Loved the W!		
Nov 26 2003	Less than stellar		
Oct 26 2003	disappointed with the W		
Oct 21 2003	Fantastic views location etc. !!!		
Sep 19 2003	Great place to stay		
Jun 18 2003	great modern hotel		
Feb 22 2003	Great Hotel Great Location		
Jan 26 2003	Elegant modern 		
Jan 10 2003 	WWWonderful!		
Nov 19 2009 	????		
Sep 4 2009 	Alto livello!!		
Jul 21 2009 	Pour jeunes adultes branchés en fête perpétuelle		
Jan 8 2009 	????????????		
