Oct 9 2009 	Dont Bother staying here...The reviews say it all	Not very clean at all! Staff (when we saw them) were not friendly at all! No where to park and company that they recommended at a 'discounted rate' used our car!! Cleaner stole our fruit, no big deal right?? but if they are stealing fruit from guests what else is going missing? Trash can or (Bin) in bathroom stolen from holiday inn express...What does that tell you?? The best thing about this hotel was seeing it in my rear view mirror and from 20,000 feet!	
Aug 30 2009 	rathole!	This place was a rathole!! We thought it would be &quot;charming&quot; because of the pictures on the website. Boy were we wrong!! We stayed one night (our mistake). There is street parking only (good luck with that), and after witnessing two crack addicts doing their business directly across the street, we left. We were kicking ourselves for not staying at the Super 8 for the exact same price with available parking. I can't believe this place is open for business!!	
Aug 22 2009 	The Bed Bugs will Get You!!!	Please, please, please do not stay here! I came home with scabies AND bedbug bites. I have attached pictures that show some of the bites. My body is covered in itchy bites. DO NOT GET FOOLED BY THEIR WEBSITE (like we did). I should have known to turn around and run for the front door when I saw that the front desk is a 3 metre by 2 metre room with one person behind fully protected bullet proof glass on the 2nd floor. It looked nothing like their website depicts. A sign at the front desk says &quot;The hotel will not call the fire department in case of fire.&quot; Are you serious? So if you are on the 3rd or 4th floor, you have to jump from the window because there is only one way out of the hotel. Now for the bugs. I have stayed in huts in 3rd world countries with no running water or indoor plumbing and they are cleaner than the Mithila. Our bedsheets and pillow cases did not get changed for the first 4 days of our stay. We saw the same stains on the same spots after the 2nd night. So we marked them with a pen to see if they were in fact not being changed. And sure enough, they were not! We had to ask for new bed sheets and pillow cases and change them ourselves. But that didn't help the bug bites. We actually checked out at 11pm to get to the airport and chose to sleep on a bench at the airport (until 9am) rather than stay the last night at the bug infested Mithila. We called the Mithila the same day we got home to inform them that we got bit by bugs and to evacuate anyone who may be staying in our room and spray it down first. Knowing what a shady place the Mithila is, I called them back 3 hours later and asked for the room we were staying in to see if they had in fact evacuated the room. Sure enough the front desk person put me through to the room and the poor people had not been evacuated. This was the first they had heard from anyone that the room had bugs. PAY THE EXTRA $10 PER NIGHT AND STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!	
Aug 17 2009 	Great hotel for those with a budget!	The location of the place was pretty decent (since you can get around SF by bus). What we liked most about this hotel was that each room is equipped with a microwave and a fridge! This came as a surprise to us because even the 3-star hotels we stayed in during our trip didn't have that. Having a fridge/microwave meant that we could buy Dominos and have that for supper &amp; breakfast, all in the comfort of our own room! The previous reviews about the bedbugs were probably untrue, because we found our room to be very clean and comfortable. We didn't feel itchy or anything at all and we had a decent rest. Besides, the hotel staff were friendly, and allowed us to deposit our luggages on the last day for a minimal cost of 3usd per luggage. They even helped us get an airport shuttle. I believe this hotel would be above your expectations, especially because the rates are so unbelievably low! Plus! Free Wifi!	
Aug 1 2009 	Please do not stay there...	The location is not bad but it is not very difficult yo find a GOOD accommodation in a good location in San Francisco. The staff is not interested in the visitors at all, breakfast is terrible, there is not kettle in rooms and if you want tea after 10 am they wioll not give you hot water (!). The worst thing is that there are tons of BUGS IN ROOMS. I personally had to go to the doctor afetr we came back to UK due to severe bug bites. Additionally the corridor smells of urine contsantly... I would strongly recommend finding another place to stay during your holidays in San Francisco.	
Apr 17 2009 	Ok but only just	Stayed here for three nights booked by STA travel. Pretty shabby hotel, basic room but did have en-suite. The room was freezing cold, with no heating and very noisy. They provide coffee and pastries each morning, free internet and there is a laundrette next door. The area isn't too bad, short walk from union square. My stay in San Francisco improved when I checked out and into the Diva hotel on Geary St.	
Mar 16 2009 	Absolutely FOUL DO NOT STAY HERE	I really wish I had read the reviews on this place before I stayed here, they are all true, my experience in this hotel was truly awful. We were sent here from a hostel that I booked into, they said they were full up and told us to go here. I really really wish they hadn't recommended that, we were told by the hostel that they would charge us the same price, they didn't they charged us more and said we were lucky to get in because there was a marathon on! The rooms are horrible and small and the hotel is located no where near union square, about 20 minute walk. I had a horrible horrible night. There was blood on the sheets and you could actually see bed bugs crawling around. Needless to say I woke up COVERED in bites. all over my back, stomach, legs, arms it was really disgusting. I was more digusted at myself for paying for 5 days up front, i was worried that they wouldn't return it. I went looking for a hotel and found a lovely one just off Union Square. Luckliy they did give me my money back, but didn 't seem concerned that i was covered in bites; I made sure I told several other people staying in the hotel about it. I wanted not to rate this at all, but it won't be posted unless i do. it does not deserve one star for anything. DON'T STAY	
Mar 11 2009 	Mithila Hotel_bed bugs all over!	i went last week on a business trip. to S.F. i can only say, i wish i would have found this website earlier.i did not really feel like getting my clothes out of my suitcase because the room was dirty.especially the shower curtain..i must say we were on trip in the summer from LA to new york and we stayed in all kind of hotels and motels..but the room at mithila did not look clean.at night i woke up and i saw a brown bug running over my bed. somehow i hoped it was all for the good. in the morning i was covered with bites..i went downstairs to the reception and the guy only said: oh this is not so bad, and tried to blame me. first he did not want to give me the money back. no apology . nothing. we moved out and a friend of mine called the health departement. i was covered with bites all over my body , i had swolen feet and hand s for a whole week, i went to a hospital because it was so bad and it felt blood poisend...i had to pay for the doctor because i am not covered in the states..now very very slowly it goes back..when i see how many people suffered before me and i could tell the receptionist knew that this did not happen the first time, i think one should really forward this site to the health departement of san francisco.	
Dec 22 2008 	Worst place ever!!!	Staying 2 nights at Mithila spoiled a whole week of our holiday, because of the itching bed bugs and flea bites we had all over! We had traveled quite a lot before and been to countries more exotic than the US, but actually never had an experience as disgusting before:- unfriendly staff- creapy place- bed bugs and fleas, blood streams all over the bedDon't let Mithila spoil your stay in SFO!!!	
Nov 20 2008 	Don' Even Think About It!	The most disgusting place ever. Filthy, bed bugs, fleas, you name it. I was covered in bites for two weeks. Rude staff who don't give a damn. Reported to health department. PLEASE don't even think about it!	
Oct 23 2008 	Don't go there!	Moisture around the window and the bath tub, ants in the bathroom, dust +++, we stayed there a week and found somebody else belonging under the bed (vaccuum??).Breakfast: little muffins and old coffee Worst of all, we think there was fleas and we still have bites on our legs....	
Oct 16 2008 	Wrost staying ever!	This is the first time I write a review on website ever! I am a budget traveller for 10 years and used to stay in even much cheaper hotels all around in Europe and Asia but never had an experience as bad as this time.I went to SF for 5 days and stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. The main reason I'd chosen here was the cheap price and the okay review on the website. Of cause I didn't expect anything for a $100 hotel in SF during weeeknd but I was still very unhappy about the condition of the room. It's probably worse than the $30/night hostel in the same area. The staff was extremely unhelpful, the room was dark and stinky and curtain in the bath was horribly dirty... I've met 3 staffs there and all of them are unfriendly and not willing to answer questions! I started using their free wifi once I get into the room but I couldnt connect to the Internet... As I just use Internet with my computer in a cafe mins ago, and the pervious hotel the night before. I suppose it might be some setting problem or a password needed. I went to their reception and ask for help... The staff called Johnathan tried to help with testing the internet with his phone and computer. It wasn't working on his phone and super slow on his computer (open the CNN page in almost a min!) And then he told me the internet is working perfectly on his computer therefore it must be my computer problem! -_- And then he just throw me a no. of technical support, asked me to call them by myself! I tried to see if I can use their phone for the call or the phone in the room, and he said no with a super bad attitude and also warn me if I use the phone in the room, I will be charged a lot of money. No matter what I asked him, he just kept saying it is my computer's problem coz he can connect with his own computer and I have to sort it out by myself. Then I asked for his name and told him I will leave them a bad review to their bad service, and walked back to my room. He suddenly ran out of the counter and stopped me, yelling on me saying he's done his best to help and called the techical person saying it is a extrememly trouble customer here... see if they can call me to my room! Well... Finally they found that they are updating their server which cause the problem and no one was supposed to connect to the internet normally. If you still insist to give this &quot;hotel&quot; a try. Do check the room before you check-in! And remember to bring your own towlers, sampoo, etc, and don't expect anyone would help you during your stay!	
Oct 1 2008 	BED BUGS...Be careful!	Where shall I start…with the BED BUGS, with the extrem unfriendly desk clerk, with the “great continental breakfast” , with our booking that the hotel never received or with the wireless Internet that didn´t work? Have a look at the pictures and then decide by yourself.We booked over the home page and got a rate of 100$ but when we arrived at the hotel they just told us that they could not find our reservation. The desk clerk was really unfrendly and unprofessional and when we asked to see the room before deciding she refused.At the end we decided to stay because we had su much luggage and not an alternative hotel. They charged us 160$ per night! The room was very small and everything was scruffy. Altogether the hotel was very old and not really neat. The continental breakfast was served in the lobby(no tables or chairs) and it consisted of muffins,cereal and a horrible coffee with no milk.The wifi connection did not work in the room and when we complained we gota an unfriendly answer and no help.But the most horrible thing was to come about….. we found BED BUGS in our mattress!!!! When we found the blood on the sheets we started to search for insects and found them. We complained but all they did was to give us another room, no apology, no explanation..nothing at all. We checked out immediately without having looked for another hotel because we did not want to stay a single moment at this creepy place!If you are still planning to stay here….please have a look at the picture of my arm with all the bites and then decide.The Mithila is the worst hotel I have ever seen in my life!	
Sep 30 2008 	Budget hotel in great location	I was a little worried about staying in the hotel because of all of the negative reviews I'd read, but I'm glad I did. First and most importantly, the main reason to stay here is the location. Union Sqaure is within walking distance, and Chinatown and the North End are close as well. The hotel itself is fairly small, and the carpet and furnishings are definitely old, but the bathroom and bedsheets were clean. If you're going to spend a lot of time in the hotel, this probably isn't the place for you, but if you only need a place to stay, it works out fine. Unlike some other reviewers, I had very friendly service with no surprise charges, and they only required one ID and credit card for 2 guests. My biggest complaint was the street noise, which was very loud during the night. Because there's no air conditioning, we had to keep the window open at night, and I was awakened a few time by horns, drunk people yelling, etc. The hotel walls are not too thick either, and I did hear other guests walking and talking in the hall. However, overall, the location can't be beat for the price, and though it's not the most luxurious place, it's very suitable for a short stay.	
Sep 3 2008 	Not THAT bad. But not for the high maintanence traveler...	This hotel isn't horrible. It is not for people who are used to staying in 4 &amp; 5 star hotels. We've stayed in all classes of hotels. These guys had the best price in the middle of town. We were looking to save some money because we had been traveling all week. Our luggage was safe, nobody bugged us.It wasn't squeaky clean, but not bad. The bed was made every day and the floors and bathroom were fairly clean.The traffic was pretty loud, but that is to be expected when staying in downtown San Fran.	
Aug 11 2008 	Junk	When we walked into the room, which was supposed to be ready, the bed wasn't made and had trash on the floor and table. We had to leave for half an hour so they could clean it. Not fun after a long trip!! Not only that, I didn't realize until I returned home from my trip that they had charged me for an extra night. I called them and faxed them my receipt and they never contacted me back for my refund. The front desk workers always tell me the manager isn't there. This place was horrible.	
Jul 4 2008 	Horrid! Do not stay here!	The room was filthy! It looked like the floors had never been cleaned, there was lots of mold on the bathtub and shower curtain, and the bed had been made with somebody else's undergarments left in it!We had paid upfront for four nights. The hotel's website says it will refund your remaining nights if unsatisfied. We were unsatisfied, and asked for our money back immediately. The night manager told us it was impossible to give us any refund; that we had to speak to the hotel manager in the morning. My wife and I slept in our clothes on top of the bed coverings with loud drunk people coming and going all night long. In the morning the hotel manager also refused to refund any of our four nights - not even the remaining three! We left anyways because we didn't want to ruin our vacation in san francisco by staying at the Mithila Hotel. We found a lovely hotel just up the street that had a very nice, clean room for the same price.do not stay here!	
Jun 5 2008 	Location 	There can be no doubt you will find better places to stay in San Francisco but the challenge will be to find one in such a central location for this price.We paid £45 per night to be located bang in the centre of San Francisco - that will take some beating.Our room was dated and small - but absolutely spotless clean and kept that way.Recommend this hotel for those on a budget who can accept that you get what you pay for and must be located in the centre of SF.	
May 27 2008 	Do not stay here.. a dusty dirty rip off.	As a frequenter of hostels and pensione in Europe I am accustomed to roughing it but this place is downright dirty. So dusty i came out with red streaming eyes and a runny nose every morning.. not nice. An absolute rip off compared to all other places we stayed at in California and the West Coast. Staff were not helpful, nor knowledgable about simple questions. Had to leave cash desposits to use phone in room despite leaving credit card details at desk.H I have three hostels in SF... we had friends staying at city centre one in private room ensuite, they payed nearly 50 dollars less a night for an experience that was wayyy better. You have been warned.	
Apr 30 2008 	Friendly staff decent place convenient location	The staff here - &quot;Tim&quot; - is very nice and helpful. The place is old, so the elevator is ancient and the walls are a bit thin, but we found the place clean and acceptable. Good hot water for the showers. Had a TV and fridge. Quick and free Wi-Fi. All the necessities. Not the most comfortable mattress. The hotel is convenient--a quick walk from Union Square. And near a great Thai restauarant - Thai House Express. There are some rough folks walking around at night, but there are also expensive cars parked on the street. It's the city.	
Mar 7 2008	Satisfactory stay at Mithila hotel	I stayed at the Mithila Hotel in S. Francisco for 8 days at the end of February. The hotel was satisfactory, compared with the price. The room was clean at my arrival and was cleaned every morning during my stay. The washbasin and the bath were a bit slow in draining the water, but they were working nevertheless. The staff of the hotel was quite helpful and friendly.I would advise to warn the staff of the hotel beforehand with the expected time of the arrival. This could save a long wait outside the door.Globally, I think that the negative reviews that I have read about this hotel are not fair. I think that considered the cost, the good location and the popularity of S. Francisco, this hotel offers good value for money.	
Feb 10 2008 	Hotel Mithila. Mithila Hotel Is Not Recommended!!!	I recently made a 2 night reservation with the Hotel Mithila and can honestly say I am extremely dissatisfied with this establishment. This trip was for my 4 month old infant who had surgery at UCSF Children's Hospital early the next morning. We got into San Francisco arounds 11 pm and the hotel was informed that we would be a late check-in so we arrived there a liitle after 11:00 pm and proceeded to check-in. the person, desk clerk proceeded as normal asked for ID and credit card, in which I had but then asked for the other adult, my husband's ID and credit card also and said that he would need a credit card and ID for all adults that were staying in the room, in which I've never heard of - not even in the 4 star hotels that we've stayed in the past! Unfortunately my husband fhad forgotten his ID in the rush to get to San Francisco since we traveled by train then walked to the hotel with our 2 infants. The clerk did not even proceed any further and turned us away and said there was nothing he could do about this &amp; that this was there policy. What the !?*# !!! We tried to explain that we were traveling with our 2 infant sons but he was not even compassionate to the fact that we had walked all that way with our 2 little ones and had surgery the next morning but still got turned away. I was absolutely disgusted! It was late and just wanted to get my 2 little one's into a warm, safe and comfortable room to rest but had to take them back out into the cold, late night and had to walk quite a few blocks to find other accomodations, the Travelodge, Civic Center who had no problem checking us in as a walk-in. whom I am extremely greatful. Travelodge is the greatest! and accomodations were much more nicer than the Mithila. I just wanted all to know how horrible the Mithila is and to NOT use this establishment! The Mithila is horrible!	
Feb 5 2008	good location nice hotel	rooms are not huge, but confortable and clean.location is good (not far at all from Union square).price is very low!it is perfect if you just need a place to sleep and you don't want to waste money!	
Dec 18 2007	A pleasant surprise	It was a pleasant surprise to have the intimate accommodations that I had at this hotel. The guest room that welcomed me upon check-in was cozy and inviting. It was a nice place to rest a little before venturing the city, and after any full day of walking and sightseeing, the room was a very comfortable destination for relaxation and sleep.I stayed for two nights in a non-smoking room on the fourth floor. It had a microfridge (microwave atop a refrigerator) that I had to plug to make it work. They were fine when I had to use them. The closet stored an iron and board and had plenty of wire hangers.The private bathroom was spacious and clean with very basic amenities (e.g. shampoo, towels) and a built-in hair dryer. I liked the varying water pressures of the shower head especially the pulsing, massage type after a long day. There was plenty of hot water but took a while before it kicked in.The room decor and furnishings were really nice. I especially liked the sturdy yet comfortable bed. There was a television set but the channel selections were very limited. Still, I was able to watch what I wanted. The windows were functional. The curtains also provided privacy. I enjoyed the cool breeze but had to close them at night when it was cold. The radiator heat was turned on at night, and was off during the day. I think it had central control because I didn't make any adjustments. I brought enough warm clothing to keep me comfortable when I needed to.There was a room telephone but was disconnected which I found odd. I attached the phone cord but couldn't make a call. I detached the cord as I found it and just used my own mobile phone.Check-in window service was on the second floor. I buzzed to be let in for the first time and was subsequently given my room key and front door key after registration. Breakfast was available (coffee, hot water, pastries, packaged instant oatmeal, tea bags) across the service window, set on a table where guests can take them to their room. They were adequate to start the morning. The scheduled breakfast was 7 am - 10 am. When I went downstairs one morning at a little past 7 am, nothing was set. An hour and a half or so later when I checked again, there was a full display case of mini pastries, packaged instant oatmeal, pot of coffee and hot water. The breakfast availability was a nice touch, especially if you're there early enough to get some and not be left with just crumbs! :-)I liked the hotel's quiet location on Sutter, between Leavenworth and Hyde. I arrived from the Oakland Airport to BART-Powell station and had a 15-minute walk to the hotel with my rolled luggage and backpack. Going up the street on Powell was quite hectic due to the throng of holiday/shopping crowd. I turned left on Post and followed he route which I used to take when I lodged at the Halcyon Hotel in November. I just walked up one block to Sutter from Post/Jones. That was the only rather steep ascent that I encountered. The hotel's safe location was ideal for me. It's walkable enough to downtown and other areas (Chinatown) yet also far enough from these major tourist areas to be able to enjoy quiet evenings or moments while in the room or when exploring the hotel's immediate vicinity of cafes and eateries. I found another budget hotel through an internet search but its proximity to the hustle and bustle of Union Square made me guess that the evenings could be quite too noisy and distracting. Overall, Mithila Hotel is now something that I am looking forward to staying whenever I visit San Francisco. The rates are excellent for a budget traveler like me, and I anticipate relaxing in its intimate and inviting guest room once again.	
Dec 3 2007 	Decent Stay	My girlfriend and I wanted to take advantage of a long weekend so we decided to fly to San Francisco. We did not realize while trying to book a room that the USC/ Cal football game was that weekend, so hotel availability at around $100 was scarce. We chose this hotel due to the price, location, and reviews. When we arrived from the airport from BART, we were caught in a major downpour. We tried to grab a cab, but just started walking toward the hotel. We arrived at the hotel completely drenched. It was before the check-in time, but the man said our room was ready. We were relieved we could change out of our clothes and dry off.  The room was freezing cold, with a window open. The towels provided were a complete joke. I actually found a hair ball inside one of the towels. Since we were just happy to be able to change into dry clothes we did not complain.The next morning, as we were leaving to got to breakfast, I noticed the maid cleaning the room right next door. I put the room service sign on the door, and verbally asked her to turn over our room ASAP. We came back from breakfast hoping to get a shower before heading out, only to find the room still untouched. I went to search for the maid, and after climbing up and down all the stairs (there is a door to the roof which I guess is available to the guests judging from the empty beer cans), I located her. She spoke zero english, so I just impatiently took some towels. The towels were much nicer than the ones from the previous night. No hairballs this time!After we came back later the room was cleaned. The rooms are pretty standard, and its not like we were going to do anything in the room besides sleep and shower. The desk staff was helpful and friendly. We really appreciated being able to check-in early. We are going back to the city again in Febuary for another long weekend. We realize we can't expect much for $100 a night so we are going to spend a little more.	
Oct 30 2007 	Clean and decent	We went for budget, a place to sleep. Room was clean and neat but smoke detector wires dangled from ceiling. They said as long as sprinklers are operational don't need a smoke detector? Non-smoking hotel -climbed up to roof to smoke or went outside. Funky old-style elevator. Coffee and mini-muffins every day. Most staff helpful and pleasant. Wi-fi connection available. Refrigerator and microwaves in rooms. Grocery store a couple blocks away. Great little pizza place a few doors up, open late. Hotel borders Nob Hill/Tenderloin districts, hookers in one direction, Top of the Mark in the other. Pretty centrally located. It was a decent place to stay, price was good, use the coupon books for a better rate. May or may not stay again.	
Oct 10 2007	Just for Sleeping	972 Sutter is &quot;walkable&quot; to Union Square or Chinatown (10+ blockes straight on Sutter), but eventually you would opt to take the frequent buses 2, 3, or 4, which runs on Sutter coming, and one street down on Post going. Muni fare is $1.50, take a transfer so you could use it any direction for the next 2 hours. One should not choose Mithila to expect any &quot;charm,&quot; but for an inexpensive stay with basic amenities for a good night sleep. Management was cordial and professional; they readily willing to store my luggage for a few extra hours after check out, and helped me get a taxi. Taxi to Caltrain Station at 4th and Townsend was $7.50. Good strong morning coffee and fresh danishes were cutely arranged in the tight reception area to take and enjoy in your room. Sutter between Leavenworth and Hyde is not glamorous, but there's enough car traffic that I never felt unsafe. Milthila is between a laundramat and a grocery store; across is a Mexican restaurant. Tip: Hotels near Union Square and attractions are pricey per quality, so consider staying elsewhere where the Muni is easily accessible for better deals per comfort. TRAVEL HAPPY!!	
Aug 3 2007	A really enjoyable stay	I believe some reviewers here must be hunting down the best prices in town and then comparing the accomodation to the Hilton. DUH. We were looking for a hotel with private rooms for as cheap as possible in San Francisco, as we were on a really tight budget, and it was a really last minute booking, so we were kinda asking the impossible.When I first found Mithila it was booked up, but after a few more hours of unsuccessful searching I found a cancellation on [--], so took it straight away.Arriving late at night, tired and with heavy backpacks and bags, we rang the bell and a guy came straight out, welcomed us and got all our luggage up the narrow stairs to reception.Here the guy was very welcoming and helpful, gave us a city map, explained transport options and told us to ring the bell anytime if we needed anything.Ourn room was a pleasant surprise, and far better than we expected at this price. NOT the Hilton, but a decent size, very clean ensuite bathroom with clean towels, fresh toiletries and abundant hot water. There was TV (though not an inspiring channel selection) and fridge, iron/ironing board and hair dryer, all clean.The building itself is, as described, an older continental style hotel - rather faded, but certainly comfortable and clean. Finally, we just couldn't believe how well located the hotel is. Union Square and Chinatown easy walking distance. Plenty of theatres. Close to many transport options, yet at night the district is really quiet, so you don't have to wear earplugs to block out traffic noise. The only noise problem we had was from 2 German girls staying in the next room on one night, who wrre apparently unaware that they were not the only people in the building, but this is not the fault of the hotel.I couldn't find any better rates in SF unless you wanna stay out of town, or in a hostel. For me the Mithila is excellent value, and if we return to SF I will happily book here again.	
Jul 23 2007 	Good for the price	Don't believe the bad reviews about this place. The rooms are clean, linens changed daily, staff helpful, and some of the rooms are on the quiet side of the building--surprising for this noisy city and busy location. The guests tend to be European tourists of all ages, including families, or Americans traveling on a budget. They are pleasant, interesting, even fun. The rooms come with fridge, microwave and dining table. The hotel is near many grocery stores, pharmacies, restaurants and all manner of public transportation. The neighborhood is not the best, nor is it the worst. Skip the &quot;continental breakfast&quot; and explore the affordable restaurants within a few blocks of the hotel for breakfast instead. The lowest prices at this hotel are for rooms without private baths, but for $20 above the base price, you get a private bath. No air conditioning, but rarely does one need it in San Fran. Other hotels I've stayed in that, like this one, are within walking distance of downtown, are much noisier, depressing, and don't provide the &quot;extras&quot;: fridge/microwave, wi-fi. Sure, there are better hotels, but not at this price. Enjoy your stay.	
Jul 5 2007 	Did not feel safe	I would never stay at this hotel again. The bed linens were dirty. My pillow case still had black mascara from the previous guest. When I looked behind the curtains, I discovered mold growing on them!! The window lock was broken. Although it is close to Union Square, it is a rough part of town. Walking these streets at night is not safe. The free pastries as disgusting! I would not eat them if they paid me to!	
Jun 26 2007	Horrible - avoid at all costs	If your choice is the Mithila or a park bench, go for the bench. Words cant describe what a fleapit this so-called hotel is. Disgusting, abusive staff, low-life trashy guests, filthy smoky rooms, bedbugs.....the list goes on. Stay anywhere but here.	
Jun 19 2007 	I loved it here!	My husband and I spent five nights here last April during our California road trip. This was a terrific place to stay as the price was very reasonable and the location is great! Our room had a microfridge, hairdryer, iron, alarm clock, telephone, and a bathroom with an actual bathtub! Unlike other places the wireless internet actually worked well and the free breakfast (muffins, crossaints and danishes) was a definite plus.The Mithila is really close to Union Square, the Cable Car lines, and Chintatown where you can find tons of cheap stuff. I definately recommend this hotel to all travelers and can't wait to come back next year!	
Jun 7 2007 	Shockingly filthy Fecal stains-most prostitutes won't go there....except..	I stayed there for a single night of horror. First off, the man with filthy greasy hair a the registration desk -armored with break proof lexan, insisted on running my credit card before I could see the room saying that he was fully booked. A liar. Most of the hotel was empty. But not the two rooms on either side of me. One room next to us smelled like ether from a freebasing Afganistan prostitute (clearly a juvenile no more than 12-3 years old)and her 50 year old scar faced &quot;lover/pimp&quot; who came down stairs at the 2am only to eat a stale donut and vomit in the breakfast trash bin in front of other guests. Another &quot;regular&quot; was a chain smoking bald guy who never changed his adult diapers- fecal smears were left on seats he sat on-Jeans soaked through- he was our other &quot;neighbor&quot;. I tried in vane to book another hotel but it was after midnight and no one was answering phones. Distressed more than we could stand it, we abandoned this hotel at 3am and took a cab to the airport 13 hours before our flight. While Leaving the hotel a few ladies of the night laughed at us for staying there-and told us even worse experiences- they obviously knew better than to go there. We slept much better on the floor in the airport- but by the time we had arrived at the airport my wife was already showing bites from fleas or bedbugs.The hotel toilets there are ancient with no water flow. The hotel manager unclogs them with his bare hands... I could not believe it...and this guy would be putting out the breakfast..hepatitus would be included with the wifi I suppose. QuentinTarintino could not have depicted worse squalor. The hotel manager was completely indifferent to what was going on.	
May 15 2007	Best Location and Value in SF	Mithila Hotel describes themselves as a charming European-style hotel located in the heart of downtown San Francisco... an &quot;excellent value.&quot; I wouldn't disagree with any of these claims.In addition, I think that some reviewers have even been a bit unfair in their evaluations.I've noticed an astounding number of negative feedback on Mithila on this website, and I have to say - of those saying that staff were misleading on the website, it's just not true. European style? you bet - small hallways, an old, but Perfectly Functional elevator, sure. Just like in Europe. Those of you who have been to Paris before, for example, know this.Location - you really have to look on a map to understand how well located Mithila hotel really is, and know that for this price, you cannot expect to find anything else anywhere near the central districts that could possibly be rated better.San Francisco is expensive, labor costs are steep - and as Mithila Hotel is quite cheap, logically then, amenities are limited. Don't be surprised if you have to ask for more shampoo when it runs out. Just a simple request will do.As for the rooms, we have stayed 3 times, in different rooms, and have not had any problems - rooms were clean and decent. Of course, not all the rooms have Victorian bay windows like in the pictures - it's just not possible. The hotel is much deeper than it is wide, with a long hallway. I can't vouch for all the rooms - just the ones we stayed in, though I imagine the other rooms are comparable.And one last comment about the continental breakfast. Yes, there is only coffee and danish rolls or donuts for breakfast (they also had oatmeal packs when I was there.) But you don't have to be an experienced traveler, just a budget traveler, to know that continental is very rarely more than that. If you were looking for more, you'd have to look in a different price range!Several visitors have sited poor service. I think this is an overworked staff trying to keep up a value hotel in one of the most expensive cities. It's harder to be nice back to people when they are demanding either the impossible or simply don't understand where you're coming from!I know that if we find ourselves in SF again, and we're on a budget, we're done shopping - we'll be staying at Mithila Hotel.If you too consider yourself a low-maintenance budget traveller, Mithila Hotel is a good choice.	
Apr 16 2007 	Awful! don't stay here	A friend and I stayed here for 4 nights recently - April 2007. The whole hotel was smelly and dirty. It needs renovating for a start... The worst part was that our room smelt of urine and some other unknown bad stench...After booking a double room we were put in a single room, or had to face paying an extra 15USD per night. Also, on arrival i had to sign a form to say we weren't allowed to burn candles in the room or smoke (which is fine! although we were tempted to buy scented candles! even though the only thing to get rid of the smell would be to burn the whole place down!) but the piece of paper stated that these things could damage their &quot;LOVELY&quot; rooms - &quot;lovely&quot; ha!The complimentary breakfast was a pot of coffee on a tiny table opposite the reception desk.The location is ok - it's the only positive point i can think of. fairly easy to get to other areas.On our last night, the toilet leaked and flooded the bathroom and some of the carpet by morning. I'm sure this must have been a problem before and contributed to the bad odour in our room and throughout the hotel. I would not consider staying in this hotel again. even if you're on a tight budget, don't bother. go to the York next door, or search for another cheap hotel. I've stayed in many cheap hotels and this is one of the worst.	
Feb 18 2007 	Don't bother	I gave this hotel a benefit a doubt, even some reviews. The room had a strong order of ciggs. It was really gross. I left my window open the whole time I was there. The carpet, bed, furniture, linen, and curtain were really gross and old. One point I left the hotel with my boyfriend, but forgot his cellphone. I had to buzz back to get in, while my boyfriend waited downstairs. When I was heading to my room, the hotel staff at the front desk question &quot;the guy,&quot; waiting downstairs. I felt threatened, as if I have done something wrong. I couldn't sleep well, because the bedsheets made me itch. If you want a bargain, this is the hotel for you. You might have to put up with a smelly room, if you never asked for a &quot;smoke-free&quot; room. Endure questions of your every move and itchy sheets. The good side is it located near downtown/Union Square.	
Dec 20 2006 	Not very pleasant	Mithila is inexpensive compared with other hotels in the same area. But you get what you paid for. What I really disliked about Mithila is that they tried to get you to pay more every chance they got. Remember to bring cash if you get a good rate. They don't accept credit card for that.My room reeked of cigarette smoke. When I talked to the manager, I was told that is because I did not request a non-smoking room when I made the reservation. He went on saying even if I requested a non-smoking room, they don't have to honor it unless I pay more for an upgrade. So I had to have the windows open day and night. Even after one week, it still smelled. The hotel provided shampoo when I first arrived. Because I stayed for five days, the shampoo ran out and they never replenished it. Remember to bring your own when you stay for more than a couple of days.Free continental breakfast was just a box of donuts with a pot of coffee. If you get up a little late, you are out of luck.You need to pay to use their wireless internet service. I was able to link to a nearby wireless server for free although it was a little slow.	
Sep 1 2006 	It's good	I'm not agree with all reviews I read. After reading these reviews I was really anxious about my stay in this hotel. But they are wrong. Maybe we were lucky but the receptionist was nice and our room was very clean. We enjoyed our stay here. The only bad point is the breakfast.	
Jul 8 2006	THIS HOTEL IS A FRAUD	The week I spend in this hotel was the worse I have ever had in an hotel, and I have traveled a lot. The description provided by this hotel is a complete lie.Do not trust the pictures. 'A Charming European Hotel?!!!!'. THE CONTINENTAL BREAKFASY IS A JOKE. few pastries lined up in a corner of the lobby. My room was dark and dingy. Not so clean.If you are used to the worse, you may find the place OK because it is not smely. However, for anybody used to decent places this hotel is A FRAUD. You can find other hotels at similar prices in San Francisco and you should pass your way.	
Jun 1 2006	not worth it	Having been a &quot;guest&quot; at this hotel and enduring the unfriendly service, malodourous and uncomfortable atmosphere there, I strongly advise anyone traveling to this lovely city to spend a little extra and find a nicer more welcoming place to stay. My friend and I had to pay extra for me to sleep on the floor with a futon they gave me. We should have saved our money and just slept on the floor it was so thin. For the extra money they didn't even make it in the morning! We were uncomfortable about booking our tours through the hotel and booked at a welcoming hotel down the street. Our clothes were so infiltrated by the odour in the hotel we had to wash many of our clothes we had taken for our 7 week trip at our next destination. Breakfast was a pastry outside the office (we opted for other arrangements). Ours and another rooms toilets blocked at midnight. No gloves in sight...rather unhygienic. This was without doubt the most uncomfortable and horrible place in the 7 week period that we stayed in. No other place came close at all.	
May 28 2006	Please DO NOT go here!	This hotel is a joke. 2 doors up there is another hotel that is 100 times better. We arrived at the hotel early in the morning and were greeted by the must unusual of smells. A mix between curried papadams and incense. The guy behind the desk was very unhelpful and grudgingly said he would look after our baggage until the room would be ready. Returning at 3pm for check in we discovered the room had only 1 bed when we had asked for 2 doubles. The man at the desk said we could purchase a futon for an extra $35.00 for two nights. My friend later referred to this as the floor bed as it was like sleeping on the floor. Later that night our toilet blocked up and was overflowing the family who run the hotel all came to help, which was very embarrassing and using no gloves proceeded to unblock the toilet. They then informed us that breakfast would be served downstairs the next morning. Hygiene aside we had already decided to breakfast elsewhere. We were so appalled by the state of the hotel and the unfriendliness of the staff that we booked our tours through the hotel up the street. Other guests we talked to on leaving said it was the worst experience of their lives. The picture on the net doesn't even look like the hotel. It's almost like they have taken a different hotels picture. On my world trip out of 20 hotels this was undoubtly the worst. Next time your in San Fran give it a miss. It's just not worth it.	
Apr 28 2006	Cheating and Impolite	Don't waste your money. I hate San Francisco because of this hotel. The male receptionist offered free 1-night parking. After I paid my money, he said that I could park on-street and that he also parked his Lexus (Cheating). Therefore, I had to pay for parking myself. I paid for 1 extra bed, but he impolitely said that other staff were absent and he could not bring the bed for us, even though I paid for 3 guests. The hotel was dirty and has no air-conditioner. I confirmed that it is the truth. You can contact me.	
Jan 25 2006	Good thing we were drunk!	Once arrived to check-in at hotel after being misdirected by hotel staff told to double park in front of hotel and check in. Once at hotel was told to park car in garage conviently three blocks away,meaning we were going to carry all luggage uphill back to hotel. NOT COOL. Pack lite. Watch your step(out of elevator) many uneven landings and steep stair cases. Felt like mouse in cheese maze going thru hallway to locate our room. The room size was is so small we had to rearrange furniture so we could put our luggage on the ground so we could sleep on the bed. Room was far from spotless, including bloody spot on shower curtain, and silver-dollar size burn mark in blankets. The smell in the whole hotel was so strong with meldew and incense we wanted to open the windows but there was no screens on the windows, not good for our children. If looking for a nice romantic hotel or plain nice hotel this is not the hotel for you. FYI: No ice or vending machine available.	
Jan 15 2006 	awful	You have to carry your luggage up a long flight of stairs. The hotel was locked. We waited outside for ten minutes ringing the buzzer. We were finally buzzed in. At the counter the check-in person there in pyjamas proceeded to argue with us for 20 minutes over the price we booked online.The room was DISGUSTING. filthy carpet, ratty furniture. But even worse was the smell - like mold everywhere. The next day I could still smell the musty smell from the night before. We checked out early the next morning and the staff argued with us some more about the rate we paid until we paid them more. If I had more time I would have reported them to the BBB.The &quot;breakfast&quot; was a complete joke. A tray of plastic wrapped junk pastries and coffee. They had a whole stack of the plastic wrapped pastries behind their desk. A HORRIBLE HOTEL - AVOID AVOID AVOID. There are much better values in San Francisco. Even if you have to pay $20 more - DO IT! This is not the &quot;charming&quot; hotel they advertise.	
Nov 7 2005	You get what you pay for	The best thing I can say about this hotel is that the location is very convenient, close to Union Square and some very nice bars and restaurants. It's also not very expensive and reaffirms the idea that in life, you get what you pay for.The breakfast turned out to be a dry Danish and truly undrinkable coffee, the room had very visible wear and tear, no toiletries in the bathroom and the towels were small, old and stained!Having said that, we didn't let it ruin our trip as we kind of expected that and we didn't spend that much time in the room anyway. The bottom line is, if you have money to spend got somewhere else but if you're looking for a cheap hotel and central location that I guess the Mithila will have to do.	
Oct 31 2005	No Bed 	Although a very good bargain for San Francisco, and located within walking distance to Union Square, this bare-bones hotel definitely does NOT fit the description or live up to the name of a &quot;bed and breakfast.&quot;With no lobby, the glassed-in office is a walk up a flight of stairs (or a ride on a very rickety old elevator). No sign of any common gathering area.Our room was very clean. Even the bathroom had shiny tile in the shower and the chrome was polished, the floors were clean. No signs of bugs when we turned on the lights (believe me, from the halls and the outside of this hotel, I would have expected to find bugs). But no complaints about the cleanliness of the room.Once checked in, we called the desk to inquire about breakfast. We were told that there was no place for the guests to gather and have breakfast. Rather, there would be sweet rolls and coffee outside the office in the morning. Next morning, we learned that this consisted of one box of grocery store Danish pastries and one pot of coffee. If you didn't get there early, you were out of luck.Our main complaint, however, was about the linens. The one blanket on the bed was pilled, old and stained. The bottom sheet was not fitted, and kept coming off in the night. We were not very comfortable sleeping on the mattress cover with no sheet half the night. The top sheet had a hole in it.The towels were thin and rough. The first day, one of the towels actually ripped it was so worn out. We had an extra blanket in our car and ended up bringing it up to the room rather than use the blanket provided. When we complained about no fitted bottom sheet, they did replace our bottom sheet with a bigger flat sheet and the sheet didn't come off in the night.A good bargain, but next time, we'll pay a little more and get a nicer room.	
Oct 6 2005	not worth the trouble	or should I say the money. The only good thing: our room was almost quiet, i.e. we didn't hear traffic from the street. The room was poorly cleaned, old furnishing, dusty. Staff unfriendly. Were duped into extra payment by the night porter upon arrival late night after an intercontinental flight, due to internet booking difficulties with our booking we had made some weeks earlier. So sweet the hotel looked on its own internet page - no charm behind this house number. Still, this region of SFO is superb, try to find another hotel, there're plenty.	
Aug 18 2005	Not that bad	My parents came to SF for my wedding and we had to find not-so-expensive accomodations for them. After reading some of the reviews of Mithilda I was very sceptic, but the prize was right, so I booked it. My parents enjoyed their stay there. It's not fantastic, but it'll do. It's clean, it's inexpensive, it is a good location, in a ok-safe neighborhood. Who needs a lot of TV stations when being in a city as great as SF? You will not find anything better in a better location. It is loud whereever you go in the city! The breakfast, I have to say is not continental -it's coffee and danishes. Their website makes the rooms nicer then they are, but again, they are not bad and quite roomy. I am still recommending it to friends coming to visit.	
Jul 25 2005	Good choice	We were planning a family trip to San Francisco and didn't want to spend all our money on a place to sleep. One option was staying at one of the less expensive places out near the airport or in South San Francisco, but then we'd have the expence (and hassle) of bus or taxi rides back and forth, so we decided on staying &quot;downtown&quot;. We took BART from the airport, transferred to a bus and arrived within a block of the hotel on Sutter Street. It's a few blocks walk to the gate of Chinatown, a few more blocks to Union Square and the cable cars, two and a half blocks from a supermarket. All very convenient. The rooms are well-sized, as one would expect in a building as old as this. Everything is in working order, the beds are comfortable, naturally everything is clean. We had TVs and refrigerators in our rooms. The bathrooms have bathtubs! And of course you can take a shower instead, if you'd rather. Most rooms face away from the street, so are quiet. The staff is very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about the city. We felt appreciated as customers. In a city teeming with average hotels, the Mithila staff succeeds in pushing their place above average.	
May 29 2005	Not very good not worth the money	I was not at all impressed by this hotel, and even though it is only $85 a night, it's still not worth it. The sheets had, what lloked like small blood stains on them for the entire week, so obviously they do not shange the sheets, not even when we asked. The continental breakfast was a JOKE: really awful coffee and processed danish - if you got there in time. The area is ok, it is in the area between Nob hill and the tenderloin, which is the worst part of the city. The room was a decent size, but the Tv doesn't have cable and only gets about 5 channels with so-so reception. I would not recommend this place and shame on Orbitz for being affiliated with it.	
Apr 6 2005	Terrible		
Oct 14 2004	Great Price... Good stay		
Aug 10 2004	Clean and Quiet		
Jun 21 2004	the best stay ever		
Apr 5 2004	Don't go there!		
Apr 1 2004	Love It!		
Nov 25 2003	Why did we stay here?		
Oct 14 2003	Not the place for a good night's sleep		
Apr 29 2003	You get what you pay for...		
Oct 27 2002	The Solution to a low budget one week stay		
Aug 21 2009 	pas recommandable		
Jul 22 2009 	Gute Lage angemessener Preis		
Jan 8 2009 	??????????		
Oct 4 2008 	centrale economico semplice ma carino		
Oct 7 2007 	Décevant		
Mar 17 2007 	une mauvaise adresse		
