	Great for conventioneers but leisure travelers are overlooked.	We traveled to San Francisco to get married and chose the Intercontinental based on it's star rating, reviews from other travelers and location. The rooms were spacious, room service food was delicious and the location of the hotel is very convenient for getting to/from SFO and various points of interest in the city. There were some aspects of our stay that I think will be useful to other travelers considering this hotel:1. The hotel places a $200 HOLD on funds from your credit card or debit card for EACH DAY of stay. Those funds are not available to you during this period of time. At the end of your stay, your actual expenses are then totaled and any remaining balance from the frozen funds are released back to your card. This is not spelled out on the hotel's website or third-party reservation websites and posed a problem for us, as we were not prepared to lose $200 of spending money each day. This information should be made available to guests prior to their arrival. The hotel desk clerk informed us that this information was not relayed to us by Expedia (whom we used to book our stay), but I checked Intercontinental's website and could not find this information there, either. If it is there, it should be more prominent. They also could have mentioned this when I called to confirm our reservation the day before our arrival. Let me be clear: I don't have a problem with the policy of holding funds, but there is no reason why guests should be surprised at check-in, when they can be informed beforehand, which would allow guests to plan their travel budget/spending accordingly.2. The front desk service is mediocre. Not very friendly (although not rude) and I was surprised that no one ever even asked us why we were in SF. Given that this is a convention hotel, perhaps they just assumed we were business travelers. Not the case. It would have been nice to be asked. Also, we were not wished an enjoyable stay, nor were we asked if we were satisfied at the end of our stay..minor points, but when it comes to service, the little things count.3. The bar and restaurant are woefully inadequate to handle all of the conventioneers and other guests (i.e. US). After getting married and having our photos taken in and around the city, we returned for some celebratory champagne..We found seats in the very-crowded lounge area, but the waitress that was taking orders ignored us. We fought our way up to the bar and eventually got some attention.4. And perhaps the most annoying part of our stay..the comfort of our room. Our room faced east and when the sun rose each morning, the room became hot. Not just warm. HOT. We had the thermostat adjusted to the lowest possible setting and the fan turned on &quot;high,&quot; yet we still roasted the morning of our wedding as we showered and dressed. We were told the hotel was booked to capacity, so no other rooms were available. Some things cannot be controlled or fixed, but this was still disappointing. It didn't ruin our day, but a pickier bride and groom-to-be might throw a fit.Finally, the parking is quite expensive. We were told that we would be charged $43 per day for parking at the hotel. It was $53 on check-out. Luckily, we found a garage DIRECTLY behind the hotel (and probably the one they use for guests' cars) that charged $32/day. While this may all sound very negative, we were not UNhappy with the hotel. But we won't choose it again. Overall, I would say it's great for conventioneers, and mediocre for people traveling for leisure/special events.NOTE: We did not tell the hotel we were getting married. We did not expect or want preferential treatment. The criticisms noted above have to do with basic service and are not based on an expectation of special treatment. Every guest is entitled to comfort, care and a clear understanding of the cost of their stay.	
	Great time!	We loved the room, the restaurant, the spa, and the surrounding area for sightseeing and restaurants. We had a great time and I'd go there again.	
	Shiny and bright hotel let down by bad service	I agree with those recent reviewers who have identified service problems at this hotel. At best, I would say that it is inconsistent. The bell desk, valet parking, housekeeping, and restaurant staff were all very pleasant and helpful. The front desk staff, however, were largely unhelpful, slow, and in at least one instance, unprofessional.Check in took longer than usual, as the person checking us in had to consult with her supervisor on multiple occasions to ask what seemed to be fairly routine questions. We were using a &quot;buy one, get one weekend night free&quot; certificate (from IC's Ambassador program), and the supervisor actually complained out loud about how customers with these certificates never give the hotel any advance notice about using them. She actually voiced this complaint to our faces. I thought that was highly unprofessional, especially since that is how the &quot;buy one, get one&quot; program is supposed to work: customers are not asked to provide advance notice about using the certificates. In the end, even though we had originally booked a room rate that was supposed to include breakfast, the supervisor informed us that we would not be getting breakfast on the second day because we were using the free certificate. Although I can understand the logic behind this policy, the information was conveyed to us in a rather unpleasant and haughty manner by the supervisor, which left a bad taste in my mouth.Check out also took longer than usual. Even though there were only three people in line, it ended up taking nearly 15 minutes for the front desk staff (two different people from the check-in pair) to get to us. Without making eye contact, the front-desk agent mumbled an apology about the wait. Not a big deal, but another illustration of the amateurish level of service -- and probable lack of adequate training -- in some of the front-desk staff.The hotel itself is quite shiny and bright. The rooms, as others have mentioned, were spotless and relatively spacious, with nice views over the city. The bathrooms are large, with a separate shower and tub. The location is very convenient to Union Square and the Moscone Convention Center, although the tradeoff is that you are farther away from the more classically &quot;San Franciscan&quot; neighborhoods such as Nob Hill, North Beach, and Russian Hill. (For a first-time visitor to the city, I would recommend one of the Fisherman's Wharf or Nob Hill hotels over this location, but for a repeat visitor, this location is just fine.) The breakfast buffet in the main restaurant is excellent, with a well-prepared array of dishes. The gym is also well-equipped and spacious.Notwithstanding the solid &quot;hard product,&quot; the bad service from the front-desk staff left me with less than warm feelings for the hotel as a whole, and it will make think twice about booking another stay here.	
	look out for their package deals	Was originally going to try and book this hotel using hotwire a couple of months from out planned stay as I was certain this was the hotel that hotwire was going to allocate. Decided to wait closer to our arrival date and see what special were available. Glad we did wait as they had a deal - Escape to San Francisco Package Includes accomodations for two, breakfast for two, complimentary parking, and two cable car tickets Based Upon Availability for maybe an extra $40 a night (not too sure on this)The package deal made the stay great value, we were looking at anywhere from $30+ a day for carparking for our hire car so this closed the deal.Not going to rave too much about the hotel room, except to say that we had an excellent stay.We enjoyed the complimentary breakfasts every morning, they were great full buffet and filling up on their breakfast meant we could often skip lunch as we would rather be sight seeing than eating out somewhere. The staff at breakfast were very polite and they really great to talk to for advice (ask a local). One night on returning late to the hotel (10pm) we had skipped dinner due to our Alcatraz tour and were starving for food. Unfortunately the restaurant was about to close so we couldn't dine there but they did let us order the full restaurant menu and eat it in the bar area. This suited us perfectly as we weren't really suitably dressed for the restaurant and really wanted something to eat as quick as possible so we could return to our room. The food we were served was fantastic and was washed down with a couple of local beers from the bar.We were looking to stay at the Westin St Francis but was very happy with the deal we got here, the WSF had no specials on at the time of our stay and was over twice the price we paid here.Good spot for shopping, which was one of primary reasons to visit SF. a couple of blocks away from Union Square. We even took the dodgy way back to the hotel one night through the streets north of the hotel after dining out late on night but was all good, just a little seedy with a few drunks out on the streets.Couldn't fault this place, but I will mention that I think it is designed more for business stays than the casual overseas tourists that we were. We were quite often the only people not wearing a suite in the lift elevators.	
Nov 17 2009 	Modern Clean Hotel let down by location and Poor Service	Stayed at the Intercontinental for 3 nights in San Francisco prior to a business trip.Chose the hotel from Hotwire based on rating, price and location.The hotel is 1 block south of Bloomingdales and 3 blocks south of Market Street. This location is about 2 blocks south of anything happening in that area and is quiet. I did felt intimidated and didn't like walking in the area at night.There is a large lobby which leads onto a cramped bar with a restaurant (which I did not use), it is very nice and modern. From the lobby is a Spa, of which I used the pool (long, narrow and very cold), Jacuzzi (nice and warm) and Gym. I did get the impression the pool was an after thought to the hotel and was designed into a space. Not somewhere I wanted to spend longer than 20 minutes :(The room was very nice and very clean. The view was nothing special, unless you like looking at houses. Try and get a view north east. The toilet was cracked was probably the only fault.However what really lets the hotel down is the service, most of the staff are either unhelpful or extremely arrogant. One night I asked the concierge for tickets for Wicked, they replied where I could buy tickets, which was a long walk to the theatre, but they refused to call the theatre to check if tickets are available, he was more interested in polishing the lamp on his desk than talk to us. I asked reception for some more milk to make coffee in my room, they said they could not help, I can ring house keeping from my room! I had to tell reception to call house keeping and send the milk up.Prices in the hotel are extremely high, medium size bottle of still water in the room is $8!This is a hotel that is only good for business travellers using the Moscone center, otherwise there are considerably better places to stay.	
Nov 13 2009 	Very good hotel	We booked this through Hotwire, so we didn't know before we booked. It was a very pleasant surprise at a decent rate. We got a free upgrade to a king room, which was definitely the nicest hotel room I've ever had.The location is pretty ideal, about 5 mins walk from Market.There is a nice gym, pool and jacuzi.	
Nov 12 2009 	Watch out for bad service!	I travel a lot for work and leisure. Enough so that I have free nights stacked up at almost all the major national brands. I decided to take my wife out to SF to see a play and stay at the Intercontinental because it should have been nice and I had a free night that I could use there. I booked the night online a week a head and got a confirmation that noted as always that &quot;Free nights&quot; can not be canceled and once booked the night will be charged against the total number of free nights that you have. Fine. My wife ends up getting sick even before we got to the hotel so we were unable to show up for the reservation. Oh well, I lose the &quot;Free night&quot; right. WRONG I lost the free night plus they charged my credit card the regular rate for that night. WTF I email Priority Club, the administers of the frequent user program for Intercontinental and they say I need to email the hotel. I email the hotel and get no response. After a week I sent the hotel another email that said I would be disputing the charge with American Express. Needless to say that got a response right away. They said that the terms of service state that a no show will be charged the regular rate. I asked to see the TOS and stated that with all the stays I have with them that this is preposterous and they would be losing a client for life. I 'cc priority club on the email. WOW that got me a full refund and refund of my &quot;Free night.&quot;	
Nov 11 2009 	A must stay if you are going to SF!!	In a nutshell.....this hotel was just fabulous! We had a minor miscommunication at check-in; however, the problem was solved the very next morning. We were on the 30th floor with wonderful views of the city and bay. If you like clean, this is the hotel for you! It was spotless....and I am very picky about cleanliness at hotels. It is a short walk (2 blocks) to the MUNI/cable car or BART; however, it does take forever for a cable car to come by. There were 2 things we did not like about the city: 1) the homeless people-they are everywhere and they will ask you for money. We felt very sorry for them, but also could not believe the city just allows this to happen, especially to their tourists. It really does take their reputation down a bit. 2) the locals in the city (excluding the staff at this hotel) were very rude. It seemed like no one wanted to help us with any of our questions. They didn't care we were from out of town. They were much ruder there han in NYC even. (I've been to NYC also and they were no where even close to being as rude as the locals in SF)Other than that, we had a fabulous time and just loved this hotel! We will definitely stay here again for any future trips to SF!	
Nov 5 2009 	This Is Our One And Only San Francisco Hotel. LOVE This Place	We have stayed at the Intercontinental San Francisco on two occasions in the last year and we will be staying there a third over Thanksgiving. Last year we discovered this place on a whim when we decided to drive up to San Francisco from Los Angeles for Thanksgiving. We took advantage of the California Staycation package they were offering and got the room, breakfast for two, free valet parking and a $25 gas certificate for under $200 a night. Not only that but on seeing that we were Intercontinental Ambassador Gold members they upgraded us to an executive room. WOW!!! What a room. Floor to ceiling windows and views of the Bay and/or the city. The people at the front desk and all around the hotel were some of the best people I've ever encountered. Friendly, complimentary, accommodating, patient and helpful. Man, I'm starting to sound like I work for the hotel or something. Haha. On check in they valeted our car which thankfully we didn't have to pay for because $60 a day is a bit *um* out of control. They then let us basically choose our room since we were entitled to an upgrade as a Gold Ambassador, the place was a bit empty due to Thanksgiving, and we picked the Executive. It was one of the best if not the best hotel rooms we have ever stayed in. Topped by possibly only the $1200 a night bungaloes we stayed in at the Intercontinental Thalasso Bora Bora. But for the money, this was insane nice. The grappa bar is intriguing and while I'm part Italian that may be the first and only time I ever try grappa. Hello, turpentine. Long story short we decided to return for a special occasion in March when we had tickets to the SF Ballet at the gorgeous War Memorial Opera House. Fantastic show and highly recommended. Yes, the ballet. No, I'm not Billy Elliot. We returned to the ISF and it was just as good as the time before. We weren't able to upgrade to an Executive :( but we did get a room pretty high up with amazing view of the Bay. Seriously, could they have built this hotel ANY BETTER???? No. It's almost perfect. We had a great weekend stay and once again the service was impeccable. So after such great success last Thanksgiving the parents are flying in from North Carolina and we're going to have a family Thanksgiving in San Francisco for 2009. I'm hoping that all of us have as great an experience as we did the first two times as I've really talked up this hotel to the fam. I will be back with another review if it lives up to the billing I have given it. But in sum, I will say that the rooms with the views and the nicely appointed bathrooms are fantastic. I really like the quaint little lap pool and the googles they give you and the workout room. It's not too big, not too small. The bar and restaurant are both very good and like I said the service is excellent.Here's to hoping 3rd time's the charm. Again!	
Nov 3 2009	Exceptional	Cannot and will not fault this property in the city. Beautifully appointed, high quality facilities, beautifully comfortable bed and a breathtaking view of the sunrise. All staff were more than courteous and the hotel is within walking distance of a number of great things to do. Would go back again tomorrow...	
Oct 27 2009 	When it mattered they helped at every step	Its hard to expalain how fast things can go wrong. My conference-attending husband was fine in at 5pm and needed an emergency room at 5am the next morning. The hotel not only have a concierge on duty at 5am -- but the guy conjured up a taxi and sent us to an excellent hospital. For those familiar with big city hospitals, thats not trival. My husband was in the hospital for 10 days, including surgery. Every nerve-racking day, the concierges and staff helped extend our room and expressed concern. Its amazing how much that helps when things go really wrong.	
Oct 22 2009 	Cleanest hotel I have every stayed at	Wonderful Stay. Staff was great and very helpful, (especially the concierge and the bellhop). Room was gorgeous. Everything was incredibly clean. It was like we were the first people to ever stay in that room. Hotel is located very close (2 blocks) from b.a.r.t. and a Powell St. bus station. Neighborhood was safe. We walked from the hotel to the Orpheum and back at 10:00 pm with no problem on a Thursday night. If possible take the bus or b.a.r.t. into the city because it will cost you $55/ night to valet your car.Do yourself a favor and book a room at the Intercontinental.By the way, President Obama stayed there while we were there. A little inconvenient when we tried to leave and were locked in hotel for 20 minutes, but worth it for the memories.	
Oct 19 2009	My Intercontinental review	The hotel was great, absoulutly great. The people were awesome and it was very very high class.	
Oct 18 2009 	Nice Stay But Beware of Priority Club Promotional Bonuses	My wife and I booked a trip within the specified promotion period on the Intercontinental Hotel's website back in June. We had an enjoyable stay in downtown San Francisco on Howard St, June 22 - 27, 2009 to celebrate our wedding anniversary. The staff was very helpful in sharing their knowledge of the city's attractions and restaurant recommendations. Our suite was clean with a great view of the city and the buffet breakfast was pleasantly better than expected.Unfortunately we don't have the same to say about the online booking. The ICH site was running an online promotion at the time: 1 free night for each 2 nights qualifying stay booked within the promotional period (our booking dates and stay was within the specified period). We immediately booked our 5 night stay as there was no indication our booking did not otherwise qualify. We paid $199 per night + taxes for a King Suite that included a complimentary breakfast. We thought it was a good deal considering we would get 1 free night for each 2 nights stay. This was our deciding factor for not booking elsewhere for at least $50 less per night at a comparable hotel like the Hilton. Upon our return we logged into our Priority Club rewards account and it noted our stay during the free night stay promotional period had &quot;expired&quot;. To our surprise, we were informed the rack rate for our stay was already heavily discounted and did not qualify for the free nights bonus. We were also referred to the small print in one paragraphs of the terms and conditions. What really irked us was finding out the original invoice and record of our stay had been modified/deleted from our online account. The online record now only shows the dates we stayed and comment &quot;Non-qualifying nights stay&quot;. Our invoice with extra charges we paid room service is nowhere to be found.We feel we were mislead by a deceptive marketing tactic that did not make clear that our stay did not qualify upfront. We are very disappointed the ICH and expected far better customer service having enjoyed a previous stay with this chain in Moorea/Tahiti. So beware to other travellers and not assume your online booking via the ICH website qualifies for any promotional bonuses unless you get it confirmed in writing.	
Oct 12 2009 	Nice expensive some quirks for a business traveller	This is a very nice hotel ... new, modern, nicely done with good rooms. The furnishings are top notch as are the beds, the bathroom and the flat panel TV. As a regular business traveller though, there were a couple of things that were surprisingly absent or questionable: 1) no coffee maker in the room, 2) chair for the work desk is not adjustable for height, 3) desk top is glass (makes using a laser mouse very difficult ... have to hold down a piece of paper for it if you do not have a mouse pad with you, 4) the internet access is an additional charge of $14.95/day. For a high end hotel with the price that is charged for the rooms, I would expect that items like these would not be an issue (or in the case of the internet would not be an additional charge). Colour me disappointed with the value for the price.	
Oct 8 2009 	Pre-baby vacation	We stayed here to celebrate one of our last free weekends before our first child was born. The hotel was elegant and clean. The room itself had beautiful floor-to-ceiling windows with a view of SOMA and Twin Peaks. I enjoyed the fitness center in the mornings. Overall we had a great time. The location can't be beat.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent Customer Service!	I was telling myself that IF i didn’t review about this hotel.. it will be so unjustifiable for the excellent service we receivedMy hubby and I stayed in this hotel from 17 Sept to 20 Sept ( 3 nights) . The first night we arrived, it was kinda late, we only managed to reach the hotel and check in at 8.30pm. So we were given a room on the 14th floor. We asked if there were any higher levels.. the guy at the front desk said no. We went to check the room out.Room at 1419 – had a huge 42? TV.. wow! the view was YUCKS though rooms ending with -19 had full length windows from ceiling to floor. We were very disappointed with the room… as my hubby told them it was our 1 yr anniversary, we had 2 stalks of almost dead white roses on the bed.. i was like ” ermm.. is it supposed to be romantic?” anyhow, my hubby called the front desk, there’s no pick-up (prob bz) so he left a message. After 15 mins, front desk did not return call. So we went down to them and spoke to the same guy who gave us our keys. He told us that there were NO rooms on higher floors ( I think it’s ridiculous!! i mean the hotel is so HUGE and it’s not even the peak period!) BUT he took down our request and phone no. and assured us that he wld check and call us tml IF there’s a available roomSo we reluctantly went back to our room and just thought that we shld let it rest….. suddenly, a phone call came.. it was from the manager on duty at the Front desk!!! ;p She told us that she had a couple of other rooms at high floors and will come up to our room and bring us to it!!!! We were soooooo thrilled by her service… i mean… we are not any V.I.Ps!!!This manager ( we didn’t see her name.. ) , a Japanese lady brought us to view 2 other rooms on the 32 and the 33 floor. We choose the room on the 33 floor – she told us it’s a exclusive level.. Room 3310 : This room have nice water view… :) We were upgraded to the room we desired! After we moved our stuff to the new room, we saw fireworks at the pier! It was a pleasant surprise!! Conclusion: GREAT customer service! Nice hotel room! we’ll definitely choose this hotel again!! Thank you Japanese Manager who was on duty on 17 Sept 09, 9.30pm :)	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful hotel great room	Booked this hotel after finding a great deal online. Was easy to get to after figuring out the transportation system, just a quick walk from a major stop. The room was beautiful and quiet. We enjoyed the bar every night we were there, great way to cap off a busy day sight seeing. Concierge was super helpful with directions and calling cabs. Would stay here again.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good on a cheap deal	A plush, modern hotel well placed for the Moscone Center, albeit a little walk from most of the downtown sites. Very good if you can get it on a cheap deal like we did, otherwisea little pricey. We had a fantastic room with a massive bathroom. Everything was very clean an d bright. The whole place is a bit impersonal, but the staff were generally helpful and very professional. Food and drink were a little pricey - best to make use of the local bars, restaurants or liquor stores. Also ideally placed to get to SFO airport.	
Oct 1 2009 	Nice Stay in Dowtown SF	I recently stayed at the InterContinental for 2 nights and both my fiancee and I enjoyed our stay.We had booked a basic room on IC's website and then I had called the hotel directly to let them know that it was a special occasion (as we recently got engaged) and I wanted to see if there was a chance they could put us on a higher level floor (to see the views etc). We were able to get onto the 30th floor and the views were very nice (the person who checked us in I belive his name was CJ?--was very nice)I think the hotel is nice and the pool and hot tub were under construction while we were there, but we were able to get a guest pass to use the Marriott on 4th street pool/hot tub (very large hot tub).The location was fairly good--we walked the entire city and it is not far from the hotel to get to Union Square (about 5 to 7 minute walk)--there is only about a block or two that the hotel had let us know at check in that is less than great (and could be considered unsafe), but there is really no reason to go down there, so we did not see it as a problem at all.We did not eat at the restaruant at the hotel as we met friends who live in SF and they took us to a great suishi place in Pacific Heights along with an Italian place.	
Sep 29 2009 	A pleasant stay and the SF Intercontinental Hotel	Very nice new hotel. The room was great and great service from the staff.	
Sep 29 2009 	Reception with an attitude	stayed at the intercontinental for 1 night after shifting from another hotel in the city. new modern building with cold steel and glass interiors that carried on to the reception staff. room was replica of any other hotel in the city built 20 years ago except that this is new.probably went during a large conference therefore hotel staff may have been stretched.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great Place to Stay!	I was a little leary about staying at this hotel because of the bad reviews I had read on this website. I was pleasantly suprized! We stayed at the Intercontinental Sept 12 to the 19th and had a fantastic stay! All the awful things I read about in the reviews never materialized: the service was excellent, the room was spotless, &amp; the staff were really friendly and pleasant. Check-In and Check-Out was fast and efficient, the concierges were helpful &amp; everyone seemed like they truly wanted to make our stay a pleasant one.We booked through hotwire and were given one of the corner rooms with the windows from the ceiling to the floors. It was beautiful! Everthing still had that clean and fresh look to it, especially the bathroom with its tiled shower and floor. The king size bed was very luxurious and extremelly comfortable.I was also glad we booked this hotel for its location. It is far enough away from Fishermans Wharf (which is very touristy) but just a 5 minute walk to Union Square and Market Street, to catch the cable cars or the MUNI. We bought a 7 day MUNI pass and used it every day. You don't need a car, the MUNI was easy to use and goes just about everywhere. All in all we would definately come back here again and would recomend this hotel to others.	
Sep 22 2009 	Wonderfully plush and welcome after a long day travelling.	Great service in a very clean and modernistic hotel - flat screen HDTVs, plentiful plugs for all the electronics we carry, friendy staff, room was very clean - nicely tiled larger shower with handheld spout option and luxurious absorbant towels. Great bench seat at the window of our 22nd floor room. Pricelined it and were able to upgrade to a better view for a reasonable fee. Great bed/mattress to rival/outdo the &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; of Westin.	
Sep 21 2009 	great clean and modern hotel	very comfortable beds.spacious bathroom (very important for women)dont't book it from the website. It's quite expensive to book it from expedia, hotel.com, or the offical website.Book it through hotwire.	
Sep 21 2009 	What a view if you can afford to park the car..	Looks very “down-townish” when viewed from the outside and you think oh dear, however once inside this is a lovely hotel. I managed to get a room on the 27th floor which with its glass walls on two sides gave a fantastic view over the city. I especially found the fully glassed bathroom surprisingly appealing. Sitting watching the world go past underneath was most calming!Room was spotless, well kitted out, great TV, nice i-Pod connection and a truly great bed.Location may not look great on the map, but trust me it is. Market street, the trams, etc just a few minutes out the back. The Convention Centre is virtually next door. Ate out this visit so cannot comment on food.Worst point was the cost of parking which at nearly $60 per night did take the edge off the stay when paying.	
Sep 17 2009 	Get the club room	Stayed here on the busy labour day weekend in September. We booked a club room at a great rate. Was on the the second highest floor. Room was smaller than we were expecting but clean, new, modern. Great view of the harbour, but i would recomend suggesting a view of the bridge, downtown. The club room was great. Free breakfast with good choices. It was nice to know you could go hang out there after a busy day sightseeing. You had use of computers and internet and free pre dinner drinks. It was lovely sitting there deciding what to do for dinner. Location was ok. I found that we were forever going to fishermans wharf for our tours etc. But saying that is you were closer to union square you would have the same problem. If you cut through the alley way into bloomingdales you were in union square in about 5 mins. We didnt feel comfortable walking around outside the hotel at night so made sure we caught cabs. Service was ok. Housekeeping was great and there was plenty of fresh towels. In Westfied across the road ther was a Bristol Market which was great for lunch, fresh salads etc. Also recommend Harris Steakhouse for dinner. Best meal we have had. Had room service one night and food was good. If I return to San Fran I would stay here again because the club room was very convinent.	
Sep 15 2009 	True Luxury Hotel	My partner and I spent four comfortable nights at the InterContinental San Francisco. We booked the room via Hotwire and secured an amazing rate. I have stayed at several InterContinental Hotels via Hotwire and always experienced a warm welcome and outstanding service. This stay was no different. Upon check-in, the front desk clerk informed us that we had been upgraded to a deluxe king room. Our spacious room was located on the twenty-seventh floor and featured floor to ceiling windows with a view of the port, freeway, and some lovely hillside neighborhoods. The king bed was sumptuously comfortable, so comfortable in fact that we lay down for a nap and ended up sleeping fifteen hours. The room also featured a sitting area, and flat screen TV. The large bathroom contained high-end toiletries and fine towels. The decor of the room, with its muted earth tones and tile work in the bathroom, was a soothing respite from the busy city below.Service was friendly and efficient from check-in to check-out. We awoke early each morning and left the hotel for breakfast. Our room was always made when we returned an hour or two later. My one complaint about the hotel is that the restaurants and gift shop are terribly overpriced. A twenty ounce Coke at the gift shop cost $4.00. We would have liked to have sampled the bar and restaurant, but could not justify paying the outrageous prices.Overall, the InterContinental provides luxury accommodations and attentive service in a convenient San Francisco location. We would gladly return.	
Sep 11 2009 	Fantastic. New. Clean. Modern. Wonderfully comfortable beds	We stayed at Intercontinental San Francisco and LOVED it! The view from our 32nd floor window was really nice (floor to ceiling windows everywhere!). The bed was WONDERFUL new, clean and comfortable!! The location was almost perfect. It was not as close to downtown as other hotels but it was just a few blocks away so it was no trouble at all. RESTAURANT was very nice with very good food and EXCELLENT service. The Breakfast Buffet was very good with very fresh fruits, pastry , cheeses and well prepared meats.The SPA was FANTASTIC (although expensive). Someone on Trip Adviser said the SPA was dirty. I was expecting the worst. I looked everywhere for dirt... none found. It was very nice, clean, small and professional. The staff was very friendly and well trained. The ONLY complaint we had was we wished the couples room for massage was dimmer... it was too bright... too much sunlight. We wished they had used only dim lights and/or candles.ALSO: Please do NOT rent a car in S.F. It is expensive and unnecessary. Parking, GAS, rental etc is so expensive it's not worth it! Take the MUNI public transportation and get a 1 or 3 day pass it is cheap, easy, fun and very much worth the price.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great stay!	Hotel was great and up to Intercon standards. The building seems to be brand new or not more than a few years old at most. Location is good for what we wanted, a bit of of shopping and sight seeing etc. Cabs were cheap in our opinion so we got taxis when needed. Facilities in the room were great, unbelievable bed, and staff that were happy to help. We requested a high floor and they put us on the top floor - nice! THe concierge team are also amazing and really made our stay better with their help and suggestions! If you need a late night snack in the hotel the fries with parmesan salt are yum!	
Sep 8 2009 	Nice SOMA alternative - modern and comfy	I stayed here to tryout as an alternative to the other modern, high end hotels in SOMA and I was pleasantly urprised. The new building had all the modern feel you would expect. The room was huge and had floor to ceiling windows. Nice bath and modern shower. Foam Pillows were too hard and asked for down filled - quickly changed. Service was good. Wifi in the room but a little expensive. Concierge had a little bit of a condescending attitude which is the only thing i really disliked.	
Sep 8 2009 	The complete Package!	This hotel was conveniently located, walking distance to most places including the Bart and trolley station which is very helpful as a tourist in SF! the view from our room was amazing. the service was prompt, professional and friendly. The bed was the absolute most comfortable bed I've ever slept on, just WOW. i wanted to take that bed, pillows, sheets and everything. haha. They provided us with water and fresh fruit. We had a wonderful time here! My husband loved the modern feel of the interior deco of not only our room but the whole hotel ambiance. the only setback would be parking, $45 for parking at a safe place in their valet garage. But thats a price to pay than to leave your car in one of the parking garages nearby outside where anyone can have access to it. But other than that parking dilleo, everything was perfect. Id definatley come here again, as a matter of fact, We'll be booking this hotel the next time im in the bay area.	
Sep 8 2009 	solid but not great	We went for a reunion and rented the terrace suite with the free Ambassador night.We satyed three nights. Over all the place was nice, but not fantastic. The entrance is a bit in the parking garrage. The lobby was nice but you could feel that it will turn into a convention hotel soon. The view from our room was fantastic. But little things kept breaking down, like the curtins. Also the windows were dirty on the terrace, kinda spoils the view.The house keeping could have been a bit more on it as they were always leaving glasses around. I'm sure that is a management thing not the girls fault. But one day after they fixed the tub drain we both took baths, when we came back later they didn't clean the tub. Still had the bar of soap stuck to the side, not sure if they even did a turndown that night...I guess we thought that a 1,500.00 room would come with 1,500.00 service.The beds were very nice and we had a delicious dinner in the restaurant &quot;Luce&quot;.The food in the club was just okay. The club should be on the club floor and could really have been a lot nicer. The pool was broken down.I think that if you get a good rate and you are okay with the location than it is a good choice. If you really want to spoil youself, perhaps you can do better...	
Sep 7 2009 	Very nice hotel	We stayed for 6 days a couple of weeks ago in a lovely deluxe room on the 29th floor with views out to the sea. Nicely decorated, plenty of space for two adults and a teenager. The pool is still not fixed though which was disappointing.We did not eat at the hotel but after arriving in the evening we went to the Italian just opposite. It does not look terribly appealing but a relative who lives locally recommended it as a cheap and cheerful and it was perfect if you are tired and just want to have some (pretty decent) pasta and drinks without too much effort or cost. We also went to the local Westfield food hall just on the other side of Bloomingdales for lunch and supper a couple of times when we did not want to go somewhere too posh or expensive - great value but rather canteen like atmosphere. The great find there is Out the Door - part of The Slanted Door group but somewhat cheaper. We loved Mel's Diner for Breakfast - they were doing steak and eggs for $8.95.I too can't understand why people say it is a long walk to places. Very easy to get to Union Square and the cable cars. Staff were friendly but I did not find the Concierge particularly helpful. The guys at the door and valet parking were great. Don't forget there is a courtesy car available in the mornings and late afternoon. We took it one morning and it made a pleasant change to travel in a chauffeur driven merc!I would go back to this hotel without any hesitation.	
Sep 6 2009 	absolutely amazing	We came to San Francisco to celebrate our 35th wedding anniversary, and chose this wonderful hotel. Arrived to find our bed covered in rose petals, and a bottle of champagne sitting out, ready to be opened. How nice! We were on the 27th floor in a corner room, and the views were nothing short of spectacular. This was a lovely hotel, and the staff was gracious and very accommodating. The concierge staff was most helpful and kind. We were very impressed, and will definitely stay here again. Absolutely loved this facility; very modern and luxurious.	
Sep 6 2009 	Not a great choice! Staff gets 1 star!	We arrived and checked into our room. That went well. The room was nice. Left to tour S.F and when my friend returned before I did. She found that her key would not work. The reservation was under my name. Therefore, they refused to let her in stating that they had forgotten to swipe my credit card at check in. My friend had to track me down to call the hotel and assure them that she was my guest....finally she was let in the room.(after quite an ordeal). They had deactivated our keys because THEY forgot to swipe my card. Later that evening at 10:45 pm the front desk called and asked me to bring my I.D and credit card downstairs to be swiped. I refused saying that I was already in bed with my P.Js on. I offered to read the the card # over the phone yet they said &quot;no'. I said they would have to come to my room and get it. They agreed but were not apologetic or polite. Overall, the hotel looks nice however the staff needs some training in providing better customer service. I wouldn't reccommend this hotel. Nor would I stay there again	
Aug 28 2009 	Great hotel and saving tips for parking and breakfast	We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights and it was absolutely fantastic. It's centrally located a few blocks off Market Street and Powell where the Cable Car Terminal is located. Very close to the hotel you can take public transportation to visit any part of the city, including the BART train to the airport which costs $8.20 and takes 30 minutes to get you there. We purchased the 3-day pass for public transportation and got more than our money's worth. If you’re an active person and enjoy walking, you are within walking distance of Union Square, Chinatown and the main shopping district. We’re in our fifties and had no problem walking to Chinatown from the hotel, but I understand that may not be everyone’s cup of tea since you must walk a little over a mile or so to get there, plus all the walking after you get there. Just take bus #30 or 45 about two or three blocks from the hotel and you’ll be in Chinatown in a few minutes. Tourist lines to ride the cable cars are long, so we rode them a couple of times and then stuck to the buses and trains. You can also hop on the cable car at a stop other than the terminals and not have to wait as long. I'd rather share tips with readers on how to save money, so I'll just tell you that the rooms, lounges, spa and restaurant at this hotel are all excellent. The property is beautiful and pretty new and the service is top notch. The concierge desk staff is friendly and extremely helpful and so is the rest of the staff. During our stay, the world famous FC Barcelona Soccer Club and its multi-millionaire star players were staying there and hundreds of fans were lined up outside day and night, but management, security and the staff made it very comfortable for the guests so the spectacle became fun to watch after all.  If you're driving, forget paying the $50 daily valet parking fee at the hotel and park two short city blocks away around the corner on 5th St and Mission for $28-30 overnight. We walked late at night from this parking lot to the hotel and never felt unsafe. Take usual precautions and use common sense as you would in any major city. We rented a car the last two days of our stay because we were traveling to other places in California and that’s what I recommend if you’re in a similar situation because parking is expensive and you can forget about on-street parking at most places. Besides, you don't really need a car to get around in San Francisco. Save money on breakfast by walking one block past the parking lot to a corner café on 5th St and Jesse (about 3 blocks from the hotel and across the old US Mint House) where you can buy a delicious breakfast for about $7 and they make it for you right then and there when you order it. They also serve fresh fruit juices and many other goodies. Sorry, I can’t remember the name of the place, but is on the corner of 5th St and Jesse after you pass the Pickwick Hotel on the same sidewalk. Across the street and diagonal from this café is another location named Latte Express where you can buy fresh donuts and coffee, but no bacon and eggs or hot dishes. These two little places will save you a bunch of money if you’re a breakfast eater and don’t want to pay $15 to $20 per person for a very similar breakfast at the hotel restaurant. Enjoy!	
Aug 27 2009 	Saphire Beauty	This year, the spotlight on a family vacation was placed on taking the Amtrak Train across the country from Buffalo, New York all the way to Emeryville (San Francisco), California. Over 2,000 miles of riding the rails was an amazing experience, but when the train came to it's final stop in. EMY, we had to organize places to stay; awaiting our impending road trip south along the coastline of California. Please note, these hotels were booked months in advanced, therefore the rates were very reasonable for the hotels which were chosen for this vacation, therefore; can not confirm that these great rates would accompany the walk-in rates.To begin this adventure, we needed to stay in San Francisco, as the train arrived across the bay in Emeryville at about 5:00PM leaving very tired passengers looking to get refreshed after 4 days on the train. Once again, I was put in charge of choosing the accomidations and the room which would be used on this vacation. Among tons of speculation and excitement in my household, I did the quoting for the Intercontinental San Francisco among other hotels. This one, of course, came out on top citing a good location (close to the train station, the in- and out-bound highways), the Intercontinental Brand (being one of luxury and excellence), and the various traveller reviews and photos of the property. The rate was secured, the room was booked. We had some difficulty booking online through the Intercontinental website so a quick call to the provided 1-800 number fixed all that.My sleuthing had discovered that they were offering various rooms at various prices (of course), but one had stuck out from all the rest. The hotel was offering us accomidation for us in a &quot;2 Queen Bedroom Suite&quot;. The room was only supposed to be filled by 2 adult patrons, but with that call to the 1-800 number, they pulled some strings and placed us in the room with 2 adults and 1 child. The room promised wall to ceiling windows, two queen beds (with plush beds, pillows and whatnot), large business desk, oversized bathroom, and much more. Everything that anyone would want in a room, for both personal and business travelers.Now, enough about talking about what the room was supposed to look like, let's get into the experience. What it was really like, well folks... it was absolutely fantastic! Would I go so far as to say that it was my favorite hotel, no. That title still holds true to the Hotel Indigo in Amhurst, New York (for reasons which I will go more in-depth later). The hotel itself. A sparkling glimmer of blue upon the horizon of the smog infested city. The location on Howard Street is the perfect place, just off of the major highway connecting the city to Oakland and the Airport, a very convenient spot. The hotel itself, as you have probably noted from the pictures is bright blue with the tinted floor to ceiling windows. The hotel is 33 stories tall, and impossible to miss from anywhere.Upon arrival, we were greeted with very friendly valet staff and the hotel's porter. They offered to take our luggage and park the rental car in the compound downstairs. Now, this is where I will begin to sway from the positive. Before booking the hotel, the agent warned us that there would be a parking charge, and it would be steep as it was in downtown San Francisco. The porter informed us that the total charge for one night's parking under the hotel would be $49.00 before taxes and fees. Yes, is correct: $49.00 PER NIGHT, PER VEHICLE. It's not like you have any choice as per where to park, but watch out. You may be better to take the limousine service to/from wherever you are going, but please be warned. Also notable, California charges you a PARKING tax. So it worked out that parking was about $58.00. Wow, not a good start.The parking issue was quickly accepted, as we trudged into the lobby at around 6:00 PM that night. As we walked upto the check-in counter, we were waiting for service for about 2 minutes while the desk was busy with another customer. Shortly after that 2 minute time, another member of the desk staff arrived to process our arrival. He welcomed us to the hotel, and provided us with the upsell of the Intercontinental Ambassador club. Now, I wasn't paying, and the $150 may be a bit steep, but once I hit the age of majority, I will probably join up the Ambassador plan. If it helps out with my Prioroty Club account, it'll be done for sure. We were given our keys (the jet black 'Intercontinental' card) and we were sent to the 7th floor. I was a little disappointed with the floor, I would have liked to be higher up, to see more out the windows, but the porter (who followed us up with our bags to our room) described that they place the higher floor rooms for those who are staying for longer periods of time. Though on again I wasn't impressed, it was alright, there was nothing really to look at that late at night.We were lead to our room, bags in tow. The key opened the door, and it was like an aura of blinding light subsided to produce our amazing, beautiful, and most of all awesome 2 Queen Suite. The room was deep (see pictures) featuring a long hallway connecting the door to the bathroom and the bedroom. The room was decorated much like the lobby, with modern looking furniture, a 40' or so TV affixed to the wall, the two plush and white beds, the oversized business desk, the sliding door to reveal the bathroom. WOW! It was all so much, this hotel room was absolutely amazing. Upon entering, I was really able to take a look up close at the features of the room. The TV, an LG 40', the beds with a 2 or 3' feather bed add-on and fluffy comforter, the wall to ceiling windows looking out onto Howard St. It was all amazing!To go a little more in depth to the accomidation, I would like to start with the entry hallway and entryway. Entering into the room featured quite an extensive hallway connecting the doorway to the room. The area was a little dull, but what followed the entryway quickly made up for it. Due to the hotel being so new, they are able to add in many different features which would come with newer buildings. What I am leading upto would be the electronic controls featuring &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; and &quot;Make Up Room&quot; which both do exactly as they say,but in a way which require no effort on the part of the guest. Great innovation! Also included here was the closet featuring automatic lights (turning on when the door opens and off when the door closes), an in-room safe which they say is large enough to hold a laptop (I don't know about that...), and of course extra pillows and blankets. I, of course, opted to take all the pillows which I could find for myself (6 in total which were available throughout the room (without taking the parent's).Moving into the main room, you are introduced to a vast space of all that is Intercontinental. On the left of our room there was the TV and underneath was a table or dresser featuring the mini-bar and storage dresser (complete with coffee machine using Tassimo technology). On it's reverse side were the two Queen beds. We were very lucky to get the ability to secure this room, they were very large (for a Queen), immensely comfortable (feather bed topping made the bed so soft), and came complete with 5 pillows each. The whole package equaled an unparalled sleeping experience later that evening, I haven't slept that well for a very long time (in a hotel, that is). Beside the beds lied the oversized business desk. The desk featured a very new Nortel phone featuring colour screen describing all of the room features and welcoming us to the room (of course with the name of the guests)!Last but not least, the bathroom. Oh the bathroom! Featuring your standard fixings (as required by law xD), they brought the bar up a notch. The shower, spacing the entire width of the room, glassed in with an oversized glass door and specialty shower head was truely a delight to use after using a cramped shower/toilet combination on the Amtrak train over the past 4 days! Settings set to: &quot;Rain&quot;, &quot;Massage&quot;, and &quot;Pulse&quot; were great to get back to that crisp and clean feeling I had come to miss over the past few days. The bathroom also featured a completely separate bathtub on the opposite side of the room. The ammenities were first class, imported from the Czech Republic by some company. As usual, they were the usual fixings, but were oh so good!Everything was great, the night's sleep was great in the most comfortable bed on earth and made the night pass by very quickly. Unfortunately, the hotel stay had to come to an end, so it was time to check-out and head down to the next stop on our journey this evening. The next morning, and early rise was accompanied by the bill collection. The room was the same great rate as was advertised, the only kicker was the parking. $49.00, plus the California State &quot;Parking Tax&quot;, and some other stupid charge which brought it up to the high 50's. Otherwise, there weren't really any other surprises, leaving us happy campers!My final statement, falling behind the Hotel Indigo in Amhurst, New York; the Intercontinental San Francisco takes 2nd place on my list of favorite accomidations. The hotel is stunning, brand new, and is full of everything you would ever want and need. If you get a chance to stay in SF, you MUST stay here, you won't be disappointed!All this raving about the place and it only gets 2nd place, you ask? Well, San Francisco stacks up as the city I will NEVER visit again. The location is near Union Sq. which is also full of people panhandling, bothering you every few seconds, and then occastionally trying to steal your wallet and belongings (lovely experience, really... chasing off some idiot nearly reaching into my pocket.) SF was just not a good place to be, if you don't have to go, don't. If you have small children, stay even farther away. You wouldn't want to scare them away from the Big City atmosphere. Try somewhere else like Chicago, there you will give them a more warm approach to the big city!I hope this review helped you choose your accomidations!	
Aug 27 2009 	Recommended……we had a great stay	Recommended……we had a really great stay at the Intercontinental with no problems, our room/suite was fantastic. Staff were helpful and friendly with the exception of the concierge who looked at us with disdain and brushed us aside when we enquired if he could call a cab, obviously this was beneath his station in the chain of command…get a life !!I can’t comment on the Restaurant as we decided to eat out every night and sample what SF had to offer, why bother eating in an overpriced Hotel Restaurant (which was empty throughout our 7 night stay). Bar was very expensive and appeared to be mostly used by people on business and expense accounts.....As for location, again no complaints ..... only a few minutes walk to all the hustle and bustle of Market Street. I find it strange to read comments about poor location and ‘very long’ walks to Chinatown? Location was perfect for us - only 10 minutes to Chinatown/ 5-10 minutes walk to Union Square and we’re in our late 40’s .. ..Not the greatest of surroundings but if your not planning on spending your whole trip walking around Howard/5th St I don’t see the problem…… Would I recommend this Hotel to a friend – already have. Would I stay again – definitely without question.	
Aug 24 2009 	Superb comfort and style	If you like sleek, modern, minimalist decor combined with excellent comfort, you will love this hotel. We paid a low rate through Hotwire, but our room was huge, as was the flat screen, bathroom and bed. Most comfortable bed I've ever slept in, huge and pillow-topped mattress and loads of pillows. Immaculately clean and well located. Reception staff were friendly, welcoming and informative. Only downside was the charge for internet access, at $15 a day or $6.95 and hour which seems tight-fisted when cheaper hotels offer this for free. But we would go back, and just use local internet cafes for short browsing sessions.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great Deal but slow service and terrible room service	Stayed for 1 night w/ the staycation package deal (includes room, valet parking, and hot breakfast). The room was great and the bar food was good. Service in the restaurant was not good and room service was terrible (took more than an hour and the food was cold) -- the hotel, however, did not end up charging us for the room service.	
Aug 21 2009 	Beautiful hotel but awkward service	Stayed at the Intercontinental for 3 nights on business. The hotel is beautiful. Very modern looking. Rooms have huge windows and great views.I actually stayed on 2 separate occasions within a week. The first time I stayed my room didn’t have a bathtub, the next time I stayed I asked for one and was upgraded to a nicer room. There were nicer toiletries in the better room too. The location of the hotel is very good. It’s close to Union square and shopping. I went to a place by Union Square called Mocca for lunch. Excellent sandwiches. The service was good at the hotel but sometimes I felt that the workers were sniffing out tips. Such as when I dealt with the doorman, bell hops and room service people. So sometimes I felt the service was a fake friendly and awkward. The hotel has a courtesy car that can take you to areas close by. They drove me and a colleague to my office. The doorman told us we should tip the driver even though it was a courtesy car. I don’t think people should ever be told that you have to tip someone. They also had a limo that took me to the airport. I thought it was a courtesy car as well but when I got out they told me it was $45. Which is reasonable but they never told me that before I got in the car. So a bit awkward. The room service food was not that great for such a nice hotel. When the room service person brought my food to my room I notice on the bill a line for the tip but they already include 18% gratuity and a $3 service charge on my bill. When I asked the person if the gratuity was included he just said there is a service charge, even though on the bill the gratuity is stated. Again I felt he was sniffing out a bigger tip. All in all it was a very nice hotel but sometimes the service came out a bit awkward by certain staff.	
Aug 20 2009 	Nice potential some annoying details	Spent two nights in the hotel, I chose it because the building was brand new, so I was expecting a pretty reliable room.I admit that I booked using a travel-agent industry special rate that gave me a good rate, but at the end I've found myself in a remoted room in the lowest part of the building, with an incredibly noisy vent right behind the wall.So the experience was not fantastic, since we could hardly sleep.Rest of the building was nice, but a bit cold, so the staff was.	
Aug 19 2009 	Comfortable and Convenient	We stayed here for three days to celebrate our wedding anniversary. This is a lovely hotel that is conveniently located near Fourth and Market (downtown). It is close to public transportation which made it easy to travel around the city. The room was comfortable with its nice linens and a well supplied bathroom. The staff was friendly and engaging. It was very reasonably priced compared with other hotels in the area. The hotel is suitable for both business and leisure travelers. We enjoyed our stay and will return.	
Aug 18 2009 	Very nice stay	No suprise. Nice, clean, upscale.Tip : Park in the public parking garage just behind the hotel (200 feet). A lot cheaper than the hotel vallet parking.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great value for location...	Through Hotwire, we were able to confirm an excellent rate of $137 per night at this four and half star hotel in a convenient downtown location, Union Square area. Checking InterContinental's website, they offered standard rooms at about $189, which is still a very good rate for this caliber hotel and area.Celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary, the front desk graciously upgraded us to club level....32nd floor. (thank you!)The room was of moderate size, but the spectacular panoramic view captured our attention...wall to wall windows that framed a breathtaking view of the city and bay!The bathroom was luxurious....glass enclosed shower, large basin area, separate soaking tub with it's own ambiance lighting.Decor was modern with earth tone colors with wood accents.....light sandy tan, dark wood furniture, brushed chrome light fixtures, sage green patterned curtains.Sleeping was divine on an ultra plush pillowtopped mattress....soft and enveloping! Wonderful feather comforter covered in a white cotton duvet.We enjoyed our stay and celebration of 25 blessed years of marriage!	
Aug 8 2009 	our stay was placed SECONDARY in importance to an international soccer team	We were treated as second class citizens in our own country, just because Barcelona was in town and staying here. There were large crowds blocking the entrance at all times, making it very difficult to manuever out of the building. It was also impossible to get a taxi because security would not let taxis stop at the entrance due to the Barcelona bus parking there. It would seem that the hotel did not care about its regular customers, just VIPs like Barcelona. The director of the front desk said that NOTHING could be done, he could not help us. It makes me dislike soccer even more. Because of this experience, my husband and I will boycott all Intercontinental hotels from now on. We have stayed at many Intercontinental hotels in the past and I hope Barcelona will bail them out when they go bankrupt someday....:)	
Jul 31 2009 	What a letdown!	Wow, where to start? I originally tried to book the InterContinental for a weekend stay but was told that they were sold out on Saturday. I made a reservation for Friday night and got a reservation elsewhere for Saturday. Upon arriving (after dragging our luggage in ourselves with no one there to open the doors) I was told that the room had been booked for Friday and Saturday. Figuring I would stay at the InterContinental both nights, I called the other hotel and cancelled my reservation for Saturday night, incurring cancellation fees. I had booked a King Junior Suite but was now told that they didn't have one available. But they were sure I would like the room they had. Exhausted I took the key. The room was nice, but standard. I booked the King Junior Suite for the floor to ceiling windows which my room did not have.When we got to the room we ordered a rollaway bed, which arrived promptly. However, the phone call at 12:15a.m. to ask us if we had received the bed was not appreciated. We returned to the room Saturday afternoon and were surprised to see that it had not been cleaned. We ordered room service and then the maid knocked on the door and asked us when we were going to check out. When I told her Sunday morning, she asked me to call the front desk. They told me they had no record of us staying Saturday night and by the way, they were sold out completely and we would need to check out. I explained that I had been told at check-in that the reservation was for Friday and Saturday, explained that I had cancelled my other room and had no where to go! (San Francisco marathon that weekend, hotels booked!) The manager agreed to let us stay after several phone calls, but meanwhile room service had put our order on hold! It took more calls to get our order and our refrigerator unlocked. Then as we finally sat down to eat, the phone rang yet again, the front desk was asking me to come down and give them a credit card because apparently they closed out our room tab. In addition to all of the above the pool and jacuzzi were closed during our stay. We were traveling with a child and chose the InterContinental because we knew she would love that pool!I travel quite a bit and I've never seen staff confusion like this. Our stay was not enjoyable and I was very disappointed.	
Jul 29 2009 	Not a good location for tourism	We stayed for a weekend at this hotel. The hotel is fine, with nice rooms. But unless you are attending a convention (in which case it is very well situated), the location is not good for tourists. AT ALL. The hotel is a VERY LONG walk from North Beach and Chinatown, two of our favorite areas. It's even a pretty long walk to Union Square. The immediate surroundings of the hotel are very boring. The hotel is on Howard which is a wide (four lane) one-way street, with cars zipping by at a good clip. In short, the surroundings feel like the warehouse district that SOMA used to be and, in many ways, still is. Maybe in 20 years, the neighborhood will have developed some character. For now, stay closer to Union Square, where the vibrancy of San Francisco is more easily seen.	
Jul 29 2009 	A Bad Situation Well Handled	We were originally booked at the Donatello (companion review of this trip over at that hotel as well), and we were bumped due to their overselling the hotel that weekend. The good news is that we were comped a room at the Intercontinental, which was actually a hotel I was originally considering. Anyway, the situation was handled beautifully by the staff at the Donatello and the Intercontinental. We ended up with a free room on the 24th floor. Very nice room, very comfortable bed, very quiet. The breakfast in the lobby was very good, the staff people were friendly and helpful, the place was very clean, and my only gripe is the high cost of parking in San Francisco, but that's a problem everywhere downtown. The location at the foot of Mission Street next to the waterfront is ideal for heading anywhere in town. Coulda' been a disaster, but both hotels handled it very well. We'll give them a call when we are headed that way again.	
Jul 27 2009 	OK Hotel	This new hotel is very clean with great views, however I was dissapointed with the style and design.	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent service - good deals with packages on site	Stayed at the Intercontinental for one night at the beginning of an anniversary road trip that started in SF. I had booked a package through their site that included a Corner Junior Suite, parking, buffet (including gratuity), and two trolley tickets. Upon arriving we were warmly greeted and were told we had been upgraded to a King Bedroom Suite which featured a living room, bedroom, two flat screens and 1.5 baths (the half bath had a view of the city) on the 31st floor. There was a room length window seat in the living area that my GF loved. The view was awesome. The hald bayh also had a window opposite the sink. The room was immaculate - minus a bird poop smear on the exterior top of the living room window. We left the room for a bit and returned to find that complimentary champagne had been delivered while we were out. Sweet!We never used the trolley tickets. However, I did want to point out that we receive pre-printed tickets at check-in. Someone else here posted that they were only reimbursed for the cost of these. This was not the case with us.After dinner we hung out with friends until well past 2AM. When we returned to the hotel, the valet section appeared to be full. There was a slight communication problem with the attendant (he was nice but did not speak English very well) as we were trying to explain that we had prepaid parking. He was trying to send us over to another deck that was cheaper to save us money. He finally saw my valet tag on my keychain, apologized for the misunderstanding (I think), and took our car. A bit of a snafu, but it wasn't too big a deal.The breakfast buffet was relatively high end food and delicious. Yogurt in a martini glass, anyone?We left the next morning. Our room came in less than the estimated price on their site (by $10). Valet was a bit slow - but friendly. We drive out of the city for a couple of hours and I realize that I left my camera in the room (I had been taking pictures of the room before we left). I immediately called and was connected to Gloria in housekeeping. She assured me that they found the camera and could ship it to our next destination. I wound up having to call two days later (due to spotty cell service in yosemite) and she remembered me, playfully scolded me for not calling the day before, and promised to send the camera to my home. It arrived by Fedex the day after we returned. Thank you Gloria, you rock!I don't usually write reviews, but I feel as if the service I received at the Intercontinental warranted a very positive one. I will stay here again. Check the packages they offer on their site (especially those that include the $50 parking fee) as I found it to be a much better deal than booking a room here elsewhere.Safe travels...	
Jul 27 2009 	Good but not great	This hotel was extremely nice and well maintained. It had stylish decor in the common areas and the rooms. The room we had was pretty small, but then again we didn't spend much time in it since we were out and about.We did not love the location of the hotel. Yes, it is a few blocks away from Union Square shopping. However, it is literally right on the cusp of an &quot;up and coming area&quot; that I'm sure will be very nice in a few years. I'm not saying it's a horrible area, but you do need to be very aware of your surroundings when walking back to the hotel late at night. The hotel is between 4th and 5th on Howard. I would recommend taking 4th to get to the hotel from the Uinion Square area, as opposed to 5th. 4th is better lit than 5th.All in all, it was a nice hotel, but next time we would probably stay elsewhere just because of the location.	
Jul 23 2009 	Excellent - if you get a deal	Thanks to the economy, I did get a pretty good rate, and it was a lovely hotel to stay in -- clean, new, modern and shiny, without being sterile. The bed truly was the best I've ever slept in, and they also have the courtesy to provide something besides squooshy goosedown pillows, which I can't sleep on. Thank you!The location is fine:Pluses: it's three flat blocks south of the Powell &amp; Market BART station, close to the center of everything without being inside the chaotic fray of Union Square. Minuses: they're three long blocks, and a bit dicey after dark depending on your comfort level. (Let's just say I wouldn't want to be any *further* South of Market.) And, there is a constant, freakish, galestorm wind blowing at 5th and Howard that will threaten to flatten you every time.I would definitely stay there again, but at a premium rate I'd prefer to be north of Market St.	
Jul 20 2009 	Still some teething problems...	We booked this hotel to be close to the action in and around union square. We paid around £800 for 3 nights - so not cheap by any ones standards.The hotel is based around 10 minute walk from union square and the tram terminous. We decided to stay in this area to mainly get good access to shopping and resturants. The shopping can not be faulted - but the resturants within stumbling distance are limited in this area - you need to catch the bus or tram up to other areas of the city to get a better choice.On arrival (taxi around $40 from SFO) we were not greeted by a bell boy and carried our own luggage in to reception (and to the room as we were not offered help). We checked in without hassle - except for the receptionist trying to sell us an upgrade to some chargeable loyalty scheme (not meeted with great joy after 15 hours travelling!).We stayed at the hotel for a birthday and anniversary trip and as such booked a room on one of the executive floors (top two and offering complementary food and drinks included in the rate (which was great)). When we arrived to the room they had decorated it with rose petals which was a lovely touch - when we got back to the room after dinner there was also a lovely dessert and bottle of sparking wine laid out. This to me is a great sign of a hotel who has taken note of that 'special requests' box on the internet booking site and it was really appreciated.Despite this being a lovely gesture - there was a thorn in the roses - the rose petals and desert left overs were left in the room for the next 3 nights - leaving rotting food and petals laying about. We eventually put the desert out in the corridor, but had no desire to spend out vacation on our hands and knees picking up rotten petals!The staff at the hotel also seemed new and didn't really know thier area. The conceirge desk sent us to the wrong car hire location, gave us wrong phone numbers and when we asked the staff in the lounge for resturant recommendations and details of our booking they could not help us and sent us else where.One of the reasons we booked this hotel was the leisure facilities - to our disappointment the pool was closed as it was broken - and properly broken as it was empty and being worked on and must have been for some time as the hotel offered an alternative a couple of blocks away. Again, while i applaud the hotels ability to arrange an alternaive - its not the same as being able to go downstairs in your dressing gown for an early morning swim. They also didn't mention this on check in - waiting until you were in your room to be greeted by a letter.and one final gripe - the water pressure. This was non-existant in our bathroom. The shower was more of a drip than a whoosh...So - very average...some areas seemed really good, but some were very shoddy!	
Jul 20 2009 	An awesome choice for a weekend getaway	I had read previously that this hotel was too sterile and business-like for a romantic getaway; however we were pleasantly surprise with its amenities and luxury. The room was extremely comfortable, and came equipped with bath robes and ample towels and pillows, a giant flat screen television, and a bed that was the most comfortable hotel bed I've slept in EVER! We had a great view from the 20th floor, and the location was convenient to AT&amp;T Park and downtown. I felt safe walking back to the hotel at night, and the hotel staff and concierge were very friendly and helpful. One drawback to the neighborhood is that there are only a few restaurants in the area that serve dinner late. The area caters largely to the daytime lunch crowd, so most of the deli’s and bakeries close up shop early in the evening. This area is excellent for shopping and Westlake Mall is only 2-3 blocks from the hotel.	
Jul 19 2009 	Really Nice Hotel	Got a great deal on this hotel online. It was very nice. Great access to Market Street, convenient location as long as you don't mind a little snottiness. The girl at the desk that checked us in was extremely rude. Other than that, the stay was great. The concierge was very helpful, directing us as to how to get to various attractions. If you have to park a car, be prepared to pay!!!!! The hotel valet is $50, but we parked our car in a garage off of Market Street for $32. Keep in mind that everything has a charge including using the internet in the business center. Over all nice stay if you can find a deal for around $120 per night.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great Hotel	Although this hotel is focused primarily for the business traveller as it is close to the convention centre, we stayed with our three children for four nights and it was perfect. When we arrived at reception, the General Manager came out to welcome us and arranged for ice cream to be sent up to our rooms for the kids. Considering the hotel has 33 floors and is sometimes extremely busy this was great customer service. The rooms are extremely modern and have fantastic views of San Francisco. The hotel is ideally situated with only a ten minute walk required to reach the main shopping and downtown areas. Valet parking is very expensive and I would recommend not taking your car which to be honest is not necessary for San Francisco in any case as the cable cars are great and there are plenty of taxi's. At the end of our stay the General Manger was there again to thank us for staying!.....we would stay there again without any hesitation.	
Jul 16 2009 	New and modern but otherwise a typical 4/5-star chain hotel	I've stayed at the Intercontinental twice this year, in January and June. For both stays, I was there for only a few days.Rooms: Since this is a new hotel, the rooms are well-appointed and large. The room had a very large flat-screen television, desk, and large king bed. The rooms have large windows (floor to ceiling), but there really isn't much to look at directly by the hotel. Perhaps a room on a higher floor would be worth seeking out if you want views of the city.Service and Amenities: The hotel staff was friendly and polite. I didn't make much use of the staff, but my interactions with them were pleasant. One glaring annoyance is that there is not free internet in the hotel. I realize other chains often charge as well, but this hotel doesn't even offer free internet in the lobby. There is a Starbuck's around the corner you can use for WiFi. Location: The location is fine, just a few blocks from Market and right next to Yerba Buena Gardens, and several blocks from Union Square. The neighborhood is safe considering it's San Francisco. I did walk alone at night, but not everyone would feel comfortable doing so. If I weren't familiar with the neighborhood, I would hesitate to stray too far from the hotel.Value: Both times I booked through Hotwire, so I did not make a deliberate choice to stay here. Based on prices quoted on the web site, Expedia, etc., this hotel is overpriced. If you really want to stay in Union Square, then you will end up paying for it, but even so, there are less expensive hotels of similar quality in the area. I usually try to avoid this area of town because it is packed with shopping tourists, but for both of these trips, it was really convenient. Also, when booking on Hotwire, I try to stick with neighborhoods I know.P.S.Restaurant: I was very excited to try the restaurant, since the chef was recently recognized as best new chef in Esquire, but I was really disappointed. The service was the highlight. Food and wine were served promptly by informed waitstaff. The decor in the restaurant is pretty cheesy (an attempt at chic 1970s retro, perhaps?) I had the tasting menu for $34, so I didn't expect a big meal. I would expect that a seasonal tasting menu would not include things like New Zealand scallops and out-of-season strawberries (in June), especially in San Francisco. It was fine, but even for $34, it really wasn't enough food to be considered even a light lunch. It wasn't so bad that I wouldn't give it another shot, but there are just too many good restaurants in San Francisco.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great location new hotel great views	My partner and I live about an hour from San Francisco and have stayed at the Intercontinental a few times after seeing a show or having a late dinner. The hotel is very nice. The rooms are modern and the beds are very comfortable. Everything is always spotlessly clean. We've stayed in a couple different rooms. The rooms with a queen bed are small, the rooms with king beds are larger. If you just want a bed for the night, a queen room would be fine.The California Stay-cation rate, available on their website, is also a good find. The rate includes valet parking and breakfast for two for CA residents. The hotel has even been able to give us late checkouts so we can wander around the city a bit more before we head back home.	
Jul 14 2009 	Floor to Ceiling Windows. LIke Floating on a Cloud.	This hotel has been open only one year. We were there for seven nights including the July 4th weekend. Great view of the bay and city. We even saw some fireworks from our room. Our corner room on the 22nd floor was 400 sq. ft with floor to ceiling windows including in the large bathroom. The bathroom door was a frosted glass inset in a wooden frame. The little tiles framing the bathroom mirror also served as a shelf were beautiful. The bath amenities were very good quality. Everything was new and clean. The king bed was plush and comfortable. We kept the curtains open as we were too high up for anyone to look in (I think). Staying in this room was like floating on a cloud. There was a large (42&quot; at least) LG Plasma TV in HD with all channels including HBO. There was a Keurig coffee maker in the room which made delicious coffee. We have two larger models, one at home and one in our office. Customer service was excellent. The restaurant is good, but expensive as all hotel restaurants. We ate breakfast there a couple of times. Good bar with a vibrant Friday happy hour. Their gym was adequate with great equipment and a lap pool. The location is quiet and a block from Westfield Mall - a very large multi-level shopping center, the Metreon multiplex movie theater at Mission and 4th, four blocks from Union Square. There is a section of town nearby, the Tenderloin, that we were told to avoid as it is a bad neighborhood. We did a lot of walking and also took cabs daily. We will definitely come back to this hotel and highly recommend it.	
Jul 12 2009 	Good Choice near Union Square	Stayed here with my wife and friends for just one night en route to Sonoma. Very centrally located and beautiful lobby and entrance. Our room was medium-sized but comfortable and very well appointed. we really didn't have time to use a lot of the services, but everything was handled well and courteously. We also got a great deal, only paying $139 a night, so the value was excellent. We had a drink at the Top of the Mark which afforded gorgeous views of the City of San Francisco. All in all, a hotel I would not hesitate to recommend.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great hotel	We steyed at this hotel over the fourth of july and were very impressed. When we checked in they told us they were sold out of King beds but could give us a king deluxe room for an additonal 40$ a night. I was very upset at this, due to the fact that we needed a king and had reserved one. After suggesting they give us the deluxe room at no additonal cost they agreed. Our room was very large with a large bathroom. The bed is very comfortable and soft and the htel provided robes as well. We did not have floor to ceiling windows as mentioned in other posts but it was still nice. There wasnt much of a view but maybe if we were on a higher floor( we were on the 15th), you might be able to see more. The location is very close to Union Square and is fine for walking during the day. I did feel at night the streets were somewhat dark with very few people. We didn't encounter any problems but I was somewhat nervous. I also felt there was very little outside noise at the hotel which was a bonus for sleeping in.	
Jul 8 2009 	Go for the corner room!	My husband and I stayed at the Intercontinental on Howard for five nights over the 4th of July weekend 2009. We were there to celebrate his birthday with a romantic get-away. Before I booked, I spent several hours looking at various hotel options in San Francisco. The Intercontinental seemed to be interesting and we were not disappointed.They offered a great deal which included a buffet breakfast each morning, free parking and daily cable car passes. We specifically paid the extra to get a corner room and it was well worth it. Our room was on the 23rd floor and faced the bay side. The corner rooms offer two walls of floor to ceiling windows. Because the Intercontinental is a few blocks from the heart of downtown San Francisco, the view is not blocked by other large buildings. You do not have a view of the next building, but instead you look out over a city that is even more beautiful at night. We slept with the view fully unveiled each night.The bed was wonderful and plush. A large flat screen TV was a nice touch. The swimming pool was under emergency repair and I was disappointed at first, but honestly we never had time to use it any way. As the breakfast buffet was included with our package deal, we enjoyed it each morning. I would not have paid $28 each otherwise because there are lots of simpler options at local coffee shops.The service provided by each hotel representative was wonderful. I read in other reviews that the service was spotty, but that was not our experience. Everyone we encountered was gracious and helpful. I indicated we were celebrating my husband’s birthday and they surprised him with a great birthday cake. We enjoyed the treat and he felt special.The hotel is conveniently locate. It is not lumped in with all the other downtown hotels but not too far off the beaten path. You can take the BART from the Airport if you are able to walk a couple of blocks to the hotel. Both the cable car and public buses are easily accessible from the hotel and we were able to cover the city. Bloomy’s and Neiman Marcus are close if you like shopping. The Chieftain Irish Pub is right across the street and we took advantage of that more than once.All in all, we were very happy with our overall experience and are glad we swung for the room upgrade. Go for it!	
Jul 6 2009 	More than I expected-Very Nice	I got it at a real low price, just wanted it to be near nightclub Slims. Did not expect to have such a nice room for the price I paid ($119 plus San Francisco's numerous business killing taxes which made it almost $150). Good bed, Good View of the very distant but still there Bay View Boat Club, never heard neighbors up down or sideways. Very Clean and after thank the maid for extra towels she gave me a 3/4 full bottle of Cyrstal and another open bottle of very expensive wine*, It was still cold and tasted great !!!Tip cheapest City Parking in San Francisco downtown on 5th right next door to hotel at $36. Then a short walk to Hotel- during day use short cut via Minna Alley behind hotel and City run parking lot. My wife is very picky but I could bring her here. Plenty of availbale taxi's to get you where you need to go.* ( The expensive wine----nah not really just had to make that jab from other comment)below )	
Jul 5 2009 	Fantastic Service	This hotel gives you the amenities of most hotels, but with exceptional service. We were always greeted with a smile. They made an effort to go out of their way to please us. To me, this is the most important asset a hotel can have.	
Jul 3 2009 	Very Pleased. Very nice hotel.	I got a very good deal on this hotel through TravelZoo, and since I have stayed at InterContinental Hotels when traveling abroad, I was expecting a very nice stay. This hotel is very clean and quiet, though it is very busy. There was a crazy party in the lounge on the night I arrived (a Wednesday), a wedding on Saturday, and some sort of business conference and exhibit starting Sunday. The location is very convenient for anyone going to the Moscone center or financial district, and it is only a few minute's walk to Powell Street BART/MUNI. I stayed four nights, going to a conference one day and then hanging out in SF with friends for the weekend.I was in room 915, which faces Howard Street. There was some city noise overnight, but that is to be expected. The beds were clean, though the mattress was too firm to me. I asked for foam pillows and that was not a problem, the staff was very accommodating. It was also a handicap accessible room, so there was no soaking tub but the bathroom was very large.I would recommend to anyone staying here that when you are headed towards Market St that you use either 4th or 5th, as 6th tends to be a bit more dodgy. I had dinner in the bar one evening after a late-running wine country tour, and while everything was very tasty, the portions were tiny and very expensive. The restaurants on 5th are very close by and a much better value. The cocktails, however, were in line with what I generally expect to pay at hotel bars and were very good.	
Jun 30 2009 	Beautiful Room Incredible Views	We had a Jr Suite which was basically a very large hotel room. There were 2 full walls floor to ceiling windows, including the bathroom. The bathroom lacked adequate counter space, but the impact of the windows and the views made up for the bathroom. The bed was not our comfort preference but it is hard to make a bed to fit everyone's preferences. We did have room service one night and I was very impresses by the quality of the food. We felt the rate was reasonable at $239/night before taxes. Note there are 2 Intercontinental Hotels in San Francisco - this one is on Howard Street. It is within walking distance to Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf, and the Ferry Building. We made these walks each day and they were long, but the weather was great and we loved the exercise. We took the trolley car (not cable car) one time and it was so crowded and hot that we preferred to walk.	
Jun 30 2009 	mediocre cramped lame	the lobby is modern and fresh, but small. the rooms are even smaller. housekeeping didn't come to clean the room until we asked one day. parking was 54 dollars a night which is ridiculous but that's not what really pissed me off- we left a bottle of crystal champagne, and a expensive bottle of chardonnay in the room corked, about 2/3 full (celebration weekend) and when the maid service finally DID come... THEY THREW THE EXPENSIVE BOTTLES AWAY. front desk was not sympathetic or eager to compensate for such a mistake i was heated. it's not ghetto, it's not dated, but it's not worth it either. spend 20 more per night and stay at the westin st. francis or the parc 55 &amp; you'll be much happier.	
Jun 27 2009 	New Clean and friendly	We kicked off a 3 week honeymoon road trip around California with a 3 night stay at the intercontinental. They have done a good job with this hotel, which is still quite new. It is just on the edge of the touristy areas of SF and is close to Bloomingdales, but a 10 minute walk from Union Square. The hotel has a good pool and gym, the rooms are nice and spacious, and the bar classy and chic. The food is good if a little pricey, but the service is really friendly: the concierge could not be more helpful. If we stayed in SF again we might try the other intercontinental which is a bit more central but we've really no complaints with this place and would happily recommend it.	
Jun 26 2009 	A wonderful stay	My family and I stayed here for one night during our trip to San Francisco. We have 2 small children (age 3 and 6) and we all loved this hotel. The location could be better. It looked like an up and coming area. The walk to Market Street/Union Square was only a few minutes. The walk to the cable car was also about 5 minutes. There were some shaddy areas if you walk west. We had a room on the 30th floor corner room. The view was spectacular. We could see both the Bay bridge and the Gold Gate bridge. The floor to ceiling windows were awesome. Since we had the corner room, it was a spectular view no matter where you sat in the room. The amenities were great. Everything is new and very contemporary. The bathroom has great fixtures.We booked a package that included parking and breakfast. Normally parking is over $50/per day so getting this included in the room rate was key. The in and out service of the valet was very good. We never had to wait too long. Breakfast was okay. The buffet was not too extensive but it was good enough to start the day. We would definitely go back to this hotel the next time we are in San Francisco.	
Jun 25 2009 	SPECTACULAR CUSTOMER SERVICE AND FOOD HEAVENLY!!!	My husband and i stayed for four wonderful days at the InterContinental and where treated with outmost class. I had considerations about buffet breakfast, not my cup of java sort of speak, but to my surprise it was versatile and delicious. Dinners excellent and service superb. Both my husband, Dr. Blair Zajac and I, Ashley Rothschild highly recommend it!	
Jun 24 2009 	Great hotel	Good location, walking distance from Union Square. Bed is very comfortable, room is clean and quiet. The room is quite roomy compared to other hotels we stayed around union square.	
Jun 16 2009 	as usual	this is, as usual, an Intercontinental hotel. best location, best room, best view, best service, superior club floor services. I loooove intercontinental	
Jun 15 2009 	We found our S.F. Pied-a-terre.	We stayed one night while in town to see an opera. We stay in S.F. 15-20 nights per year and usually book a four star hotel through hotwire. This time we decided to check the Intercontinental website to see how their price compared to the price of the hotel I assumed was the Intercontinental offered on hotwire. We were surprised to find a great bargain for California residents which included both valet parking and buffet breakfast for two. Much better that we could get from hotwire and we had better option on available rooms. We decided to join Intercontinental's Ambassador plan, booked an upgraded room and received a two level upgrade to a one bedroom suite on the 31st floor. This hotel is new, fresh and pretty hip for an establishment which must receive most of its visitors because of conventions at next door Moscone Center. Good bar and restaurant. Suzanne at the front desk was especially helfpul. This is a very reasonably priced hotel for the quality you receive. Do check their website for current offers. I think it is the one of the hotels where you really can get a better package by booking directly.The only negative was all the ambulance sirens one could hear on Howard street on a Saturday night. Next time we will ask to try a room facing towards Market street.	
Jun 7 2009 	Excellent and well worth the price	I have never stayed in San Francisco, and, since I've had great luck with Intercontinental Hotels in other cities, I figured this was a safe bet. The SF Intercontinental is even better than the other ones in which I've stayed. Very friendly and customer-oriented staff. I travel a lot for business, and this was a pleasure trip, so I was even more tuned in to service. They surpassed my expectations by taking care of everything, making excellent suggestions for meals in the area, etc. Loved the modern feel of the room - walk-in tiled shower, sliding door for the bathroom, and a doorbell for the room. Also made use of the I-spa and had the best massage ever. Will I go back? Most definitely yes!	
Jun 6 2009 	Fabulous hotel great staff but a few annoyances	Stayed here for 7 nights while attending a conference at another hotel. I liked the location and the design, and the staff are certainly well-trained and service-oriented. Like most SF hotels of this level, nothing comes cheap -- internet charges are the most outrageous, at $16/day (though there are discounts for 3 and 5 day use). A tap beer at the 888 bar was $8.50. My king room on the 18th floor looked west towards downtown and was very quiet. Bathroom was very nice and had a walk-in, tiled shower. Most nights (but not all) I got turndown service. A major annoyance was the unadjustable desk chair. It sat way too low and couldn't be raised, an ergonomic problem if you needed to work at the desk. And I needed to, since the wireless internet signal was so weak as to be useless -- meaning I were limited to wired service only. A daily local newspaper was provided rather than the usual USA Today. I found the location ideal for me (two city blocks to Market St) and the surrounding neighborhood was completely comfortable and safe. Many good restaurants are within an easy walk. I did not eat in the well-reviewed hotel restaurant (Luce) or use room service, but the food I ate at the bar was excellent. Every staff member I encountered was top-notch, friendly and helpful. There is a decent fitness facility and very nice lap pool and whirlpool, but no changing area. The adjacent spa does have (small) locker rooms with steam rooms, but that is an extra $20 access fee per day. In short, a really nice hotel but lots of expensive extras.	
Jun 5 2009 	perfect place to stay	My wife and I have stayed at this hotel on three separate occasions since they opened last year. Each stay has been fantastic. The staff is professional and extremely helpful. The place is beautiful and since it is brand new, “state of the art.” The rooms are lovely and the service extraordinary. If you mention that it is a special occasion they go out of their way to make it special such as complementary wine or treats. The health club and spa, which we use every time, is first class. This is a five star hotel but charges much lower rates. We also always include and use the hospitality suite which has great food and drinks all day long. The restaurant, Luce, is one of the finest in the city and the chief Dominique never fails to stop at our table and explain what is on the menu and makes us feel like she is preparing the food just for us also the prices are well below what you would expect to pay for the service and quality that you get. This place is a must stay if you are looking for a hotel in San Francisco.	
May 26 2009 	Great service great room	I stayed here for 3 days in late May with my wife. Service was superb, even before arrival. I had booked a prepaid advance rate months earlier, but had found a much cheaper sale rate closer to my stay and the hotel refunded my money and rebooked me at the lower rate, even though they had absolutely no obligation to do so. Incredible dedication to secure my business now and later. Received a junior suite upgrade and it was a great corner room on the 30th floor with a great view. Very spacious and clean. Bathroom was large and comfy with tub and seperate shower and a view as well. Shower could have been better designed so as to not spill water everywhere when you get out, but that is a minor quibble. Location was close (5-10 min walk) to Powell street bart station/trolley lines, so you are very centrally located to use various forms of transit. Had an indoor spa/pool/sauna/workout facility and on site spa facility, none of which I used.	
May 25 2009 	Posh 	Just did 5 days of &quot;weisuring&quot; here; first couple days of work, and the back end for Memorial Holiday leisure. Positive hotel reviews are spot-on....and an absolute steal for SoMa at $119 promo, or anywhere in SF for that matter. TIP: you must book thru TravelZoo by end of month for summer stay special rate.We liked the style factor the best....minimalist sleek with wood and marble abounding, striking contemporary art, stylish furniture, and floor-to-ceiling windows. More savvy features include pillow-top bedding, super soft terry robes, 42&quot; plasma TV, spanning surface areas, convenient AC outlets in wall mounted light fixtures, and sprawling chic oversized bathroom with translucent tile. If you're looking for demerits, there were few....room service pricing is obscene; the $35 three-day WiFi surcharge is tacky; and Priority Club upgrades are limited to Ambassador members. On the plus side, check-in was efficiently painless; service staff was cordial and informative; and housekeeping was exceptional. Location for transportation simply can't be beat. ....BART, MUNI, and Powell Street Cable Car just a short 5 minute walk. TIP: get an $18 MUNI pass and ride as often as you like for any three day period.We ate all but one of our meals out as there is simply no equal to the City by the Bay for evey choice and fathomable option. But dinner at the Terroir-Tuscan fusion LUCE Restaurant. in the hotel was very good-- delicious fresh-cut paparadelle with slow-braised short ribs in a porchini mushroom reduction-- living up to the raves for award winning chef Dominique Crenn. The wine offerings are inspired by Frescobaldi and Mondavi joint vision, and you will find hard-pressed to get a better super Tuscan value than the &quot;Lucette.&quot; TIP: adjoing 888 Bar shares the kitchen with LUCE and offers some of the same fare at lower priced portions.TIP: SoMa technically spreads from the Embarcadero to 11th, between Market and Townsend. The bohemian regentrification of warehouses, nightspots, residential hotels, art spaces, loft apartments, furniture showrooms, and the infamous Folsom BDSM zone can be sketchy in some blocks, especially around 6th &amp; Mission. The areas by South Park and the Giants ballpark, around the MOMA and Yerba Buena Gardens, and over by 11th &amp; Folsom are the better locales. TIP: Weekend Brunch at TripTych on Folsom.....beignets and benedicts are best.Bottom-line: There may be something comparable in high-end properties but not sure the current promo rate can be beat.	
May 24 2009 	Loved our stay	Beautiful, modern hotel. Staff was very helpful, reception did a great job getting us into the perfect room. The only down side was that after a rockin' concert a few drinks in the lounge would have been nice. Sadly, last call was at 11:30.	
May 22 2009 	Very nice	Great hotel, very conveniently located to the Moscone center. Very comfortable rooms, good service, nice bar. All-in-all, a very nice place to stay.	
May 17 2009 	Fantastic Hotel by the bay	Hi We stayed at this hotel for our 1st Wedding anniversary. I chose the hotel because i am a priorityclub royal ambassador member and i used some points for the stay.The hotel is in great location Just behind Bloomingdales and the Westfield Centre on Market street. The hotel is Brand new and spotlessly clean.When we arrived they had upgraded us to a Junior Suite on the 26th floor. A corner room it had floor to ceiling windows on each corner and also in the bathroom!! the styling was contemporary with rich woods and a nice calming color scheme.When we got to the room they had scattered rose petels across the floor and on top of the bed to celebrate our anniversary. They had also provided a bottle of champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries great touches!!There is a club lounge on 6 which we had access to. they serve a really nice continental breakfast, lunch snack and hors derves in the evening with s self serve complementry bar. The staff were great, really friendly.I would highly recommend this hotel	
May 16 2009 	The best concierge service ever!	The InterContinental is a new,clean, modern hotel with very comfortable rooms and a good location (as long as you turn East or North) but the best feature of the hotel is the concierge staff. They were the most knowledgable and friendly staff we have encountered in all of our travels. They consistantly went the extra mile to make our vacation special. It was a good value and I would give it a strong recommendation.	
May 15 2009 	Great hotel location terrible service	The Good Points The hotel is a great modern hotel, which is a lot cheaper than some of the other hotels in the same class which we thought was because of the location, but actually the location was excellent, 5-7mins nice walk from the cable car/shops and a 10mins walk to Union Square, there is a house car which will drop you off within a 2-3 mile radius if you're going for dinner or picking up a hire car which saves having to get a taxi. We went for a club room and the club lounge provided an excellent breakfast, free internet access. Also a great gym and indoor pool.The Bad PointThe serivce let the hotel down considerably. On arrival for check-in there was no welcome to the hotel which would have been nice after a 10 hour flight and 20 mins cab journey! when i had a complaint i called the hotel services and no-one called me back, i took my complaint to the club lounge and there was a very nice lady there and she took care of it and upgraded us to a fanastic suite. I called the hotel services twice after that and both times they gave incorrect information and we didn't get turndown service, therefore its the service that lets the hotel down.	
May 15 2009 	Best hotel in downtown SF; and it's brand new!	By far one of my favorite hotels in SF. I stayed here about a week after they open so it was practically brand new. My room was decent size and the view of the Bay bridge was very cool. For a hotel this size, it's relatively cheap and they always have specials. It's also within walking distance to Union Square, Metreon, and next to Moscone Center. I'd definitely stay here again.	
May 14 2009 	Why Stay Elsewhere	Great hotel in excellent location. Two minutes walk to Market Street and the Powell St Cable turnaround, the Westfield SanFran Shopping Centre. Usual five star service levels of service, breakfast, etc. Competitive rates which do not include breakfast, but there is a diner just around the corner if you are on a budget. No free internet though which for the amount you are paying really should be included! We were celebrating our wedding anniv and the room was decorated with rose petals and a complimentary bottle of bubbly and chocs. included.	
May 13 2009 	The only thing 4 star about this hotel is the price	we were really excited to stay at this hotel in SF. when we got there the hotel was beautiful. however then the problems started. First problem came the first night. when around 11:30 pm the hotel staff started vacuuming right outside our room. So my fiance called down to the front desk to complain, and was told that was time they vacuumed. They did eventually stop the vacuuming, but not before disrupting our sleepThen the next day when I went to put some clothes in the drawers it was discovered that the previous occupant had left their undershirt and underwear in them. We called the front desk to inform them and they said they would send somebody right up to get them. We waited for 30 mins without anyone showing up, so we left a note and left. The items were removed, but not exactly as they said right away. Finally, the last problem we encountered would not have been even worth mentioning if we already hadn't already had the previous two. Our room Iron did not work and had to be replaced. They got the iron, but once again we had to wait a little while to get it. All in all the Hotel looks very nice and clean, but the service is awful, in addition, everything that you would get for free at a Holiday inn express you have to pay extra for. For example 15 dollars for internet access. Do yourself a favor and skip this hotel	
May 11 2009 	Wow fantastic hotel best. bed. ever!!!	Went there this past weekend for an anniversary getaway. Wow. Fantastically comfortable bed, with down (?) mattress topper, down comforter, etc. Incredible bathroom too! We just remodeled our bathroom at home, and I was surprised to see that the hotel used a lot of the same hardware we got for our own bathroom!! It was nice being in a hotel that was as nice as our house - AND I didn't have to clean it! Yay! Glass tile, limestone tile, heavy glass shower doors, etc. Extremely clean, and I am picky about clean hotel bathrooms. Separate tub, which was nice. We were in one of the 33rd floor rooms, and the view toward SF Bay was to die for!! Wonderful ventilation system, so no steamy bathrooms! Gotta be careful of the heavy glass sliding door to the bathroom - make sure you keep your fingers out of the way when you shut the door! All in all, hands down the best hotel room I've ever stayed in!! (and that includes my previous favorite, the Sheraton Maui!!) Wonderful front desk staff too. We didn't park at the hotel (incredibly expensive). Do yourself a favor and park at the 5th and Mission St. garage behind the hotel and pay half the cost for overnight parking ($30 vs hotel's $52 valet only parking). Didn't try the hotel restaurant (Luce), but it looked good. Didn't have a chance to try out the spa, fitness center or pool, but they looked very nice. The fitness center especially looked to have very new machines and in great condition. As we stayed in the club level rooms, we got to use the 6th floor Club lounge. Nice little amenity with snacks, food, etc. Would absolutely stay here again, and the prices seem to be pretty good comparatively for what you get. We've paid almost as much for not as good a room before in SF.	
May 8 2009 	Top Notch! Amazing! Bravo!!	I went with a group of Diplomats from the Reno Sparks Chamber of Commerce. We did the Beach Blanket Babylon package and had an amazing time! The hotel staff was so friendly and accommodating. The package price was fantastic. We had the most incredible Chefs Sampler 5 course dinner at Luce. Our waiter ( I forgot his name) went out of his way to make the experience top notch...which it was. They had limo's pick us up and take us to the show and the show itself was side splitting! If you are looking for a great weekend get away this is it! Everyone had a GREAT time!!	
May 4 2009 	New property convenient location business-oriented but can get overpriced	Stayed there twice for a total of 6 nights in April. Both stays booked directly through hotel website. For the first stay there were excellent deals on offer starting at $105. However for the second (shorter) stay, booked at short notice the rates were over double that, due probably to the high occupancy level the hotel was enjoying as a result of a large convention it was hosting at the time.This is a new property and two blocks from Market Street, easy self-parking behind the hotel ($40 per day) and less than a 5 minute walk to SF Shopping Centre (Bloomingdales) and not a lot further to Macys and Union Square. The Powell Street tram stop is also close too.The rooms were comfortably furnished (minimalistic/modern) and of acceptable size. On our first visit the bathrooms had tubs but no walk-in shower cubicle but on our second visit we had no tubs but a walk-in shower. On neither occasion did the hotel manage to allocate us interconnecting rooms despite a request made at the time of booking. Internet connection of $20 per day was steep. We did not dare touch the minibar fridge lest the sensors ring up a charge. The in-room safe was small - just big enough for a regular laptop plus some documents and valuables.Room insulation noise-wise was not great - slamming doors along the corridor reverberated along the walls, and conversations from the rooms next door and from out in the corridor could be detected without difficulty.We did not take any meals at the hotel so cannot comment, but the bar area was well-patronised. There was a long queue for checking out but this can be by-passed by calling the operator and checking out over the phone.In the overall scheme of things this is just another one of those hotels which does everything well enough but nothing in particular stands out to really differentiate it from others of its like. Would I stay there again? Yes but only if I could find a discounted rate as I don't believe their regular rates justify the product.	
May 1 2009 	Nice hotel but really overpriced	Really nice, new hotel. For the discounted rate of almost $300 per night it is horribly overpriced however. The fitness center is nice.No tub in the bathroom.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great Value! Modern comfortable excellent location!	I stayed at the Intercontinental over the Easter week end. I was really pleased with the hotel. It is a very modern building, well located 2 blocks away of the Powell station and the Cable Car and Market Street and 5 blocks from Union Square.The Check in was breezy and the front desk guy was really courteous. The room on the 25 floor was really nice with great view of the city.  The room was big, clean, quiet, up-to-date and the bed and pillows super comfortable. The bathroom was roomy and clean as well. I had a free wireless connection as part of my deal. (Excellent signal), The concierge service is top notch. They are very friendly and helpful with directions and information and bend over backwards to help. I didn’t have Breakfast at the hotel. (@ $ 20 a day too expensive for my taste). It was the right choice since a block or two away, I found a couple of nice restaurants offering solid Bfasts for less than $ 10.Overall, excellent and quality place to stay in SFO. I will not mind staying there again!	
Apr 29 2009 	LOVE THIS HOTEL	I stayed here recently for business and I loved this hotel. The rate was just under $200 a night, which seems like a steal considering how luxurious this place is. My only complaint is that the parking is expensive at $50 or so per day, but since I'm not familiar with the area I didn't know of any other alternatives. Also, I would call ahead for my car, but they never had my car ready. I started to think calling ahead was useless, and that they don't actually get your car for you until you go downstairs and request it.The rooms were amazing. I had a corner room and the exterior walls were all windows. The furniture and carpets are new and the beds are comfy. Not only do the rooms have flat screen TVs, but they have HD programming! I was so excited about this. Many hotels nowadays have the flat screen TVs, but IMO that is useless unless you actually provide the HD channels to go with it. The TVs were also a good size, my guess is 46&quot;.I ordered room service a few times. It was a little pricey, but I thought the food was pretty good. Definitely better than most hotels. And the prices were probably in line with the city. I also used the gym which was really nice - lots of equipment and they provided headphones for the TVs.I would definitely stay at this hotel again, and I would definitely consider staying at Intercontinental hotels in other locations because of the great experience I had in San Francisco.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great Hotel! Couldn't be happier	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a fun-filled weekend in SF and Napa, and we really couldn't be happier with our decision. Generally this hotel may be on the pricier side (but worth every penny), but I found an amazing deal on Travelzoo and got the room for a great price. We stayed at the Intercontinental for 3 nights which allowed us to properly feel out their amenities and services ... friendly and informative staff (see Durian for all the great SF hot spots and hidden gems), excellent fitness room, immaculate rooms and common areas, and great food! Parking at the hotel tends to be pretty expensive ($50+ for overnight parking with in/out privileges). There is a parking lot a block away if you are looking to save a couple dollars ... it isn't the cheapest parking lot, but you do save a few bucks if you don't plan parking your car there for a lengthy amount of time ($3 for the 1st hour .... ~$30 for 12 hours or more). Parking in SF does not come cheap, so these rates can be expected in the area. Lastly, the location is great .. especially for shopping. We didn't shop much .. more of a sight seeing and wine country visit. This hotel would be convenient for someone who plans to help boost the economy and do some damage in the shops!	
Apr 28 2009 	More focus on yuppie amenities than practical needs	The hotel provided copies of Esquire magazine and an iPod alarm clock, but was going to charge nearly $20 a day for internet service. Also, a coffee brewer with &quot;complimentary&quot; coffe pods was tucked into the mini bar. However, at check-in I was told that the mini bar was equipped with a motion detector and I would be charged for anything that was moved-I didn't even want to try to get the coffee maker out. Overall, practical considerations just didn't seem to be there, such as being able to use free internet or turn the shower on without getting doused in cold water. I guess it just depends what you are looking for in a hotel.	
Apr 27 2009 	Very good hotel / very expensive parking	The hotel is very comfortable, clean, and trendy. The location is awesome, near all the commercial center (Union Square), 5-minute walk. The holtels extra-services like internet and parking are ridiculously pricey. Parking costs $52, and 2 blocks from there, there is a parking lot which costs $32 (Fifth and Mision Garage). The room is very good, the bed is very comfortable. Very good choice!!	
Apr 25 2009 	Great place to stay	- built in 2008 - near downtown SF- Great buffet breakfast but include this option when you book the hotel or it's quite expensive- great beds and pillows- showers are large and excellent- fitness center is the best. They even provide free snacks- very friendly people- internet access is not free- lots of very fast elevators- in room Timothy coffee	
Apr 20 2009 	Wow!	My husband and I along with our dog took a &quot;California Staycation&quot; at the Intercontinental and had a great time. I am extremely picky and I could not find anything wrong with this place. The room was spotless (no dust anywhere), the bed was dreamy (fluffy pillows, down comforter) and the bathroom was large with a marble sink. In our package we received free valet parking ($50 value), free buffet breakfast ($60 value) and $10 gas card for about $160 a night (with taxes and all the fees). The staff was wonderful and we had a great time. We will definitely stay at another Intercontinental hotel in the future.	
Apr 19 2009 	Nice hotel but would not rush back	Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights on our first visit to sf. We were initially allocated a room on the 15th floor but the view was nothing great so decided to pay $100 pn for an upgrade to a better room. The actual room we upgraded to had a much better view (32nd floor!) although ironically the room was smaller!!!! The upgrade also allowed us to use the 'executive' facilities on the lower 6th floor - continental breakfast which was really good and evening drinks/canapes. Unfortunately the 3rd morning it felt more like a kids club rather than an executive club and has very limited capacity.The staff at this hotel were all very friendly and the rooms pretty comfortable.	
Apr 19 2009 	Nice bed and great view - average service and no atmosphere	Stayed in the Intercontinental San Francisco Fri 17th to Sun 19th. Have booked entire stay in California with the IHG group using my company corporate rate. Not cheap by any means - but based on dates and availablity of other hotels not too bad either.Handy location only a couple of minutes walk from Powell St BART station.First impression of the hotel - nice and clean but no atmosphere whatsoever. Like checking into a clinic.Check-in and subsequent trip down to reception to revalidate the keys were less than encouraging - like talking to robots trained by US immigration staff. All I wanted was to get my room key working - not get a 35 point listing of the hotel rules for key re-validation.On the positive side - got room on the 27th floor with amazing view through floor to ceiling windows. Room was nice and clean with VERY comfy bed. Large flatscreen, desk, armchair - bathroom bigger than average with walk in shower.Ordered room service Saturday night - very nice food, great presentation and decent portions.Free newspaper delivered daily.Toiletries and coffee/tea were not restocked. All in all a decent place to stay. For business probably one of the best in town - for leisure it just didn't do it for me.	
Apr 15 2009 	Nice rooms with comfy beds but don't stay too close to the elevator!!	My husband and I stayed here April 10th-11th, along with our friends. When we checked in we were upgraded from a Queen bed to a King bed and given the same rate. We were on the 32nd floor which had awesome views of the city and bay area. Comfortable beds and very clean. My only complaint about our room was that you could hear the elevator as it went up and down from floor to floor. I did not hear it with the TV on but when it was quite, it sounded like a high-pitched whistle. Very annoying. We asked to be moved to another room away from the elevator but were moved to a room that was on the other end of the hallway but actually closer to the elevators. I gave up at this point and just went and bought a fan to drown out the elevator. The gym was nice and the pool looked nice and clean but was closed when we went to check it out, late in the evening. We did not eat the breakfast because it was too pricey for what you got. We went around the corner to Mel's diner for a quick, cheap breakfast. The bartenders were very nice, as well as the front staff and the bellman. My only complaint was the elevator thing. Just ask for a room at the end of the hall and you should be fine. Our friends stayed at the end of a hall and did not hear it. Definitely do the Alcatrez tour if you can get a ticket. They sell out fast, but totally worth it!!	
Apr 8 2009 	Wonderful	I stayed here for 2 nights and was very happy with everything. I had a corner room so all my walls were floor to ceiling windows. I had beautiful views of the city. There was always staff in the lobby willing to be of assistance. I would stay here again. no complaints!	
Mar 30 2009 	Recommended – at a price	We arrived at the hotel and despite requesting over two months ago in writing (and paying for) a suite on a high floor, plus calling to confirm the day before, we were offered a room down on the 8th floor (as nothing else was apparently available). After having made our displeasure very clear with receptionist and being sent to a tiny alternate room on a higher floor, we were eventually given exactly the type of room we’d booked, a suite on the 22nd floor. Why this couldn’t have happened at the beginning I don’t know – not the best greeting by the hotel (especially after a long flight)!That said, the rest of our one week stay was excellent. The concierge (Bill) couldn’t have been more helpful, the doormen were always smiling and facilities like the pool, gym, room service were as good as you’d expect. If I had any other criticism it would be the secondary costs. The price of their breakfast is simply not worth considering, especially when just 5 mins walk away there is the excellent Mel’s Diner, offering a substantial meal for less than half the price. If you want really top class food while you’re in San Francisco I can’t recommend highly enough either Scomas Seafood (Pier 47, Fisherman’s Wharf) or the classic Tadich Grill (240 California St.).	
Mar 28 2009 	Nice new hotel - not the best location though	The hotel is brand new and the rooms have been done very nicely. I stayed in a junior suite and what I loved most about it was that it was located at a corner of the building and two of the room walls were completely turned into window fronts which gives faboulous day light and even better views over the town. The same was done with the bathroom. You could soak in your bath and look out on San Fran. This simply cannot be topped.Staff were all very smiley and helpful and some even remembered my name - which I feel is always a bonus. The only thing was that my &quot;please do not disturb&quot; sign was overlooked twice.Food: the chef has been awarded best new comer. I met her and she is lovely and down to earth. When it comes to the cuisine it is a somehow undefinable fusion of European, Middle Eastern and Asian. It was good but for my taste there was too much going on. However it was certainly adventurous - eg the rye ice cream. The quality of breakfast however was dissappointing.Location wise Market and Union Square are only a five minute walk away. Everything else would need to be done by cab. The area itself looks rough and I would not walk around at night which is a shame.The hotel has a spa, a gym and a pool. Don't expect to be wowed away though. I have not tried the spa, but the gym and pool are - as to be expected from an Interconti - very corporate. The pool looked even not very well maintained.	
Mar 27 2009 	New hotel in upcoming neighborhood	We have stayed at the Intercontinental before. The room we had this time was a king bed standard room. The hotel offers all the amenities that most large chain hotels offer. Printing of boarding passes is free. Parking at the hotel is high at $56/night with in and out privileges. Blue Bottle Coffee is just down from the hotel on Mint Street off 5th Street. They offer a limited breakfast and good coffee. The hotel is close to MOMA, the Moscone Center, the new Jewish Museum and Yerba Buena Park where you can find some nice spots for lunch. The hotel often offers deals through Travelzoo, Orbitz, Expedia and other online sites as well as it's own website.	
Mar 24 2009 	Modern hotel with pleasant helpful staff	We got a really good deal on our room, a very large room with king bed. Clean, nice bathroom and shower. The usual amenities for a hotel of this caliber, including morning paper delivery outside room door, large flat screen TV, iPod docking station. I was merely surprised at the fee to use the internet at the business center. However, one was able to view and print boarding pass for no charge.Would stay again.	
Mar 21 2009	Fabulous stay at the Intercontinental San Francisco	My husband and I just returned from a great two night stay at the Intercontinental San Francisco. We are very hard to please, but I must say, our stay was way, way beyond expectation. The hotel was immaculate, the service five star...in fact, everything was five star. I loved the room, the view, the bed, the dining room and room service. The best part...it was quiet...it was away from the hustle of Union Square...all those sirens. We actually got good sleep....incredible. Thank you....a job well done.	
Mar 16 2009 	One of the best hotels I've ever stayed in!	I have stayed in many hotels for business so I have seen my share of good and bad hotels. However, nothing compares to my stay at the Intercontinental San Francisco! The bed is seriously the most comfortable, luxurious bed I've ever been in, hands down. They use a feather bed and a feather comforter which makes it very hard to get up in the mornings. Also, although I wasn't in the room much, the view from the room was spectacular (had a view of the bay). Try to get one of these rooms on the upper floors.The room itself is quite large and the bathroom is amazing. I do wish there was a bit more counterspace. The shower is enormous but wish there was a tub to sit in after a long day. If you are in town for business and want a nice place to stay in a central location (it's close to the Westfield, Moscone, FIDI) then stay at this hotel! I look forward to staying here again soon.	
Mar 15 2009 	Modern hotel close to Convention Center	Beautiful new hotel and modern rooms. Complimentary fruit platter and mineral water on check-in with Intercontinental Ambassador Card. Good location for Conference at Convention Center down the road. Short walk to shopping area downtown and to the cable car stop in town. Catch the cable car to Fisherman's Wharf. The 'San Franciscan' at Fisherman's Wharf has excellent crabs, and Boudin's (chains throughout San Francisco) is excellent for lunch rolls and the famous calm chowder bread bowls. Grocery store (within shopping complex) close to hotel - for snacks and water supplies.Visitor Information Center downtown were very helpful- be sure to see them and get a one-page flyer from them with all the top tourist spots in San Francisco (has all the bus numbers you need to get there). Can get a 3-day, 5-day or 7-day travel pass from the Visitor Center- allows unlimited trips on trains, buses, and cable car (much cheaper than paying $5 for cable car per trip). Book the Alcatraz tour early as often booked out in the high season. Breakfast at Intercontinental was expensive, and not much range. If you don't like the scrambled eggs, don't ask for poached eggs or omelette, as this is an additional charge ($19 on top of the $35-40 you pay for the full American breakfast). Chente is an excellent waiter with a good attitude. Make sure you check the charges carefully at check-out as there were additional incorrect gratuities added on to our breakfast bill, and other mistakes. Liked: Location; modern new roomsDisliked: Poor range at breakfast; many incorrect charges on bill	
Mar 12 2009 	Convenient location good service modern and clean	My husband was in San Francisco for a conference and we stayed at the Inter-Continental SF for five nights. The hotel is modern, sleek and convenient located - right next to the Moscone Convention Centre, 2 blocks from the cable car terminal, 1 block from Bloomingdales and Nordstrom and a 10-minute walk from Union Square, where more shops await. The room was spacious, clean and modern, equipped with flat-screen TV and i-pod dock. The only complaint is that the shower was very weak - it was one of those fixed ones (as opposed to a hand-held one) and there was no temperature control, which was rather surprising for a new hotel. Our package came with breakfast included so we enjoyed their buffet breakfast every day. The selection was limited and remained exactly the same for our entire stay. Staff were helpful and attentive, especially the concierge who provided us with excellent tips and recommendation.	
Mar 5 2009 	One night on the town	We live in San Francisco and had an event downtown that we wanted to stay downtown for. The hotel was amazingly clean and modern. Floor to ceiling windows with awesome views of the city. The service was impeccable. They came to the room twice, once to help with the phone and once to push the right button on the coffee maker. This was done politely, not letting me know I was an idiot. Pricy, but a great experience. The rooms were very quiet. I stay at very expensive places where you can hear the people next door.	
Mar 2 2009 	Best hotel stay in a LONG time!!!	From the moment of arrival, every staff member acknowledged us and made us feel welcome. The hotel is very modern and in a great, convenient location. Check in was a breeze. We had a great view in a Queen bed room on the 27th floor. The room was on the small side, but as a couple, we didn't need any more space. There was a huge wall-mounted plasma tv, which was great for watching a movie at the end of the night. We were able to get an in-room movie that was a movie that is still in the theaters. It was great!The shower was really big and the bathroom was immaculate. The bedding was luxurious, and the &quot;do not disturb&quot; switch at the door was particularly convenient. Overall, this was one of the best hotel stays that I have had in a long time. The concierge was particularly helpful by providing us direction on where to eat near the hotel and providing packing tape and a marker for the box of wine we were taking home. I got a great deal on this room on H*otwire, but after staying here, I would be willing to pay the regular rate.	
Mar 2 2009 	Great for a weekend getaway	We stayed here one night as we were in town to hear the San Francisco Symphony. Interesting urban area with many restaurants, diners, etc close by. Short walk to BART and Union Square. Located in the SOMA, the neighborhood has its share of interesting inhabitants, but we never felt unsafe. Wonderful room on the 28th floor. There are other options in the neighborhood for breakfast, such as Mel's Diner on 4th &amp; Mission. Or, indulge yourself with room service... Staff was attentive and helpful.	
Feb 26 2009 	Nice modern hotel	We stayed in this hotel for one night. It's new, the rooms are nice, the view is OK. It's very modern style, so I would not call it cozy. Price is pretty high too. Nice business center. The reception area provides free iced tea. Parking is crazy expensive. Location is just great, nice area.	
Feb 19 2009 	Short Break Away	Having read all the prior reviews i imagined this would be a hotel in the middle of the business district a long way from the sites of San Francisco, with limited appeal. Actually this is in a great location, 300 yards from the heart of the central shopping areas, 300 yards from the main tram line and a yet not noisey at night. Compared to the hotels down by the wharf (Blackpool on a Sunny Day) this is a great base to ensure you see the rest of the City. Although very expesive at the hotel bar ($20 for 2 drinks). I would recommend the saloon on Powell street just before Union square for $2.95 Margaritas, the cheapest bar in town and right in the middle of the restaurant areas. Lefty O'Doulls on Geary Street is also a great place for a cheap lunch with a nice pint. The concierge in the hotel are exceptionally knowledgable and helpful and we made ful use of them. The breakfast at $28 is unreasonable, but Little Joes restaurant 200 yards away on 5th street has all you can imagine for a third of the cost.	
Feb 12 2009 	quite good	What I really liked in this hotel was that it was a brand new one. Great lobby, great spacious double room and very nice view from the wide windows of the 21 floor, especially at night. The rooms were always clean.We had the chance to get a very nice price since we booked at least 4 months in advance (189$).The only thing that really bothers is that the internet was not free. quite convenient location, close to cable car, shopping malls, moma etc, but anyway transportation in san francisco is very easy no matter where you stay. However I must say that during my long honeymoon trip in the states, I liked more smaller and more &quot;warm&quot; and &quot;friendly&quot; hotels.	
Feb 2 2009 	Very Modern	I stayed at the Intercontinental in San Francisco for 2 nights on business. The hotel is about a year old and very modern. The room was large and the bed was comfortable. There was a huge flat screen TV which was great. With floor to ceiling windows, there's a nice view. The bathroom was big with a large glass enclosed shower with good water pressure (14th floor). There was a bathroom scale and this is the first time I have ever seen one in a hotel. The food in the hotel was ok but the breakfast buffet is very expensive, about $40. I took a cab to Fisherman's wharf for $12 and it was well worth the trip. There is lots to see and do. Great restaurants too. You can see Alcatraz from the dock and there is a ferry that takes you there for a tour. It costs $26 and is a great tour with audio headsets in every language. I wish the hotel was closer to the wharf, because with limited time, I couldn't see everything.	
Jan 30 2009 	Hold on to your wallet	Hold on to your pocketbook. While the rooms here are adequate and the views outstanding, I was shocked at the level of pilfering that starts when you walk in the door. $14.95 for an internet hookup in the room? It only starts there. When we went downstairs where my company had booked a meeting room....the price for internet access was $80 plus a fee to turn the service on. A polycom phone. More than $300! A projector? Let's just say it was cheaper for us to go buy our own. No kidding, that's what we did. Add the indifferent service and you've got a promise that my company will never do business here again.	
Jan 15 2009 	Excellent rooms good view a few minutes away from Union Square	We spent 6 days at the Intercontinental in San Francisco and the hotel consistently delivered on all counts. The hotel is fairly new, and this shows in the modern design and spacious rooms. Our room was on a high floor, and we had a good view across the city and further on to the bay. The bed was very comfortable, and the room also had a large 42&quot; lcd. the bathroom has a large walk-in shower, but no bathtub. The whole length of one wall in the room is lined by windows, making the room very bright and airy.The service is excellent at all levels - efficient and quick valet parking, a knowledgeable and helpful concierge, friendly housekeeping. We ordered room service on a few occasions and felt that the food, although not stellar, was certainly at a very good level.The only slight negative was that the air conditioning didn't seem to work evenly in the room and bathroom, and the bathroom remained rather cold. I also would have liked better shower pressure - this wasn't bad, but it wasn't a proper power shower either.The hotel is well-located, right next to the Moscone convention center and only a couple of blocks away from Union Square. I enjoy walking, so the few minutes that it took to get to the more happening parts of town did not bother me.Finally, the hotel itself has an excellent restaurant, Luce, that is certainly worth trying. I would definitely recommend this hotel, both for business and leisure travelers - an excellent example of Intercontinental quality.	
Jan 13 2009 	wonderful views	Stayed at the Intercontinental for a weekend getaway. We had originally booked a standard king room, but decided to upgrade to the executive king room, for an extra $60 per night. I thought it was well worth it, since the view of downtown was amazing, especially at night. I never felt cramped in the room like I do at other hotels. Liked the little touches, such as the robes and sensor lighting when you entered the room.Only snafu was with the bill since we wanted to split it between cards. Upon checkout we noticed there was one card being charged. But we brought this to the clerk's attention and it was fixed. Didn't go to the bar or restaurant, but the gym and spa looked pretty nice. Don't understand why they charge for wifi. I guess the area can be a little seedy at night if you're not used to an urban setting; otherwise a fantastic stay	
Jan 11 2009 	Comfortable Hotel with excellent service	Stayed six nights at the Intercontinental SF. Upon arrival were upgraded to a one bed suite on the 32nd floor as part of our Ambassador Priority club package. Great room with separate sitting room and one and a half bathrooms, very handy when one of you cannot adjust to time difference and the other is still asleep!! Great views of the city and - when the fog cleared on the third day- a glimpse of the golden gate bridge and the bay.Our suite was spotlessly clean, everything worked fine and it had the most comfortable bed and a wonderful bathroom complete with TV! There was ample storage space with two closets and heaps of drawers. The one cup coffee maker meant having to run it twice to make coffee for two but no big deal. The room decor was distinctly 'Intercontinental' which can verge on the conservative 'grey-beige' but the room layout and views make up for this. The decor in public areas is more exciting.At first we thought the hotel was a little out of the way but after a couple of days we felt that the location was pretty good - very close to the streetcars on Market and the cable cars on Powell. Close to Union Square and of course the Westfield shopping centre. For us, tourists on our first trip to San Francisco, the location turned out to be ideal. The two other advantages of the location are that the area is fairly flat around the hotel if you are not used to the steep hills and you have the great views from the hotel as there are no tall buildings close by.Easy walk from hotel to Museum of Modern Art, the excellent contemporary Jewish museum and Yerba Buena gardens. Streetcars on Market run you to Fishermans wharf/Castro for $1.50.Had breakfast twice at the hotel $25 for the buffet was pretty good with endless coffee and OJ and my partner enjoyed the spa with fairly reasonably priced treatments.All in all a very well run hotel, good location for tourists and great views, excellent service from reception, housekeeping, concierge and guest relations.	
Jan 10 2009 	Nice Hotel with "Modern Problems"	This Intercontinental is less than a year old, and is what you'd expect in a new, five-star hotel in a major city. It does have a range of &quot;modern hotel problems&quot;, however.I was upgraded to a nice, high-floor corner room due to my Ambassador Club status. Hotel was pretty empty, despite a major convention at Moscone Center (a block away). Rooms are tastefully appointed, clean and comfortable. A/C system is particularly good, very quiet. However, when I first checked in, I was warned that a &quot;maintenance issue&quot; would require the hotel electricity to be turned off for an hour that afternoon. Fair enough. But during the late night hours, while I was working (phone and internet), the power again went out along with all communications - AND THE ELEVATORS. No warning at all. This pattern of electrical service continued for the next day as well. Apparently still-unresolved construction issues. The phones go down because of a too-small UPS system specified. My other &quot;modern hotel&quot; pet peeve is the showers. Part of luxury hotel life is a good, powerful hot shower. Instead this hotel has barely enough water pressure to get wet. If this is due to some kind of &quot;green initiative&quot;, I object. If this is just due to bad water-saving shower heads, it should be fixed. Midline management was dismissive of the concerns I raised. I was able to finally raise the hotel manager with a call to IC head office about the electrical/communication issues. Management shouldn't be hiding from the customers.One other note for potential visitors - much of SFO including the area adjacent to this hotel has become extremely street unsafe, even during the daytime. Factor in cab fares if you're planning on doing sightseeing.	
Jan 8 2009 	Fantastic Hotel. Will definitely return	We had a fantastic 7 night stay at the Intercontinental San Francisco. The location is perfect being 2 blocks away from Market Street and Shopping etc. Staff courteous at all times and couldn't do enough really. The beds are fantastic (my one key requisite when booking a hotel room) and the linens are superb. Will definitely return on our next trip to San Francisco.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great place for our anniversary	I stayed here in early January as a staycation for my five year anniversary. My boyfriend and I booked it on hotwire for $140 including all taxes ($119 before taxes). It was listed as Union Square East, which is not really accurate since it's in SOMA, but it was still in an area that was nice enough. We live here so the homeless don't surprise us, but if you're coming from a non-urban area anywhere in SF is going to have that problem. If it had been located one block south or west it would not be in a good location, but it was right inside what we consider to be the border of the upscale area downtown.We got there early in the day and left our bags with the bellhop. I lost my ticket when we came back, but he was able to retrieve them with my driver's license, which was a relief. Everyone was so polite we were sort of taken aback. Check in took only a few minutes, and we explained why we were there when asked. We got booked into a queen size room on the 14th floor (1405 I belive). When we got to the room I was very disappointed with the size. It couldn't have fit a king size bed had someone put it in there. The bathroom was even more disappointing as it didn't have a bathtub and I really wanted to soak my feet after walking around all day. I went downstairs and asked if it would be possible to be moved to a room with a bathtub. His response was &quot;It's your anniversary, of course you can!&quot; which was a relief. We got moved to the 9th floor to a king size room. It was about twice the size and had a separate shower and bath. That changed it from a 2-3 star to a five star experience. We took advantage of the jacuzzi and swimming pool twice in less than 24 hours. Both were such great temperatures and the jacuzzi was big enough that even when an entire family came in there was plenty of room. The TV was huge and we almost rented a movie but decided against it. Most cost between 10-14 dollars, and include those that are in between theatre and DVD. Bed was a little soft for my taste, but my boyfriend loved it. The blankets were plush and wonderful. This was a perfect escape for one night, and if I could get this price again I would stay there in an instant.	
Jan 3 2009 	A flawless stay	Just back from a great stay at the InterContinental in San Francisco, one of the best and most hassle-free hotel stays I've had in a long time. This brand-new hotel is convenient, comfortable, and peaceful, with big rooms and smooth, unobtrusive service. Everything just works really well here. Highly recommended.The hotel occupies a soaring blue-glass tower in the trendy South of Market (SOMA) neighborhood; it's two blocks south of Market Street, the main downtown thoroughfare, and maybe a 10-minute walk from Union Square. The decor is sleek and modern, but not too aggressively cool; the lobby is relatively low-key, with a bar and restaurant, giving the comfortable feel of a smaller hotel even though the hotel is quite large.My room, on the 17th floor, was impressively spacious, well-appointed, and tricked out with the latest gadgets, from the motion-sensor light in the entry to the huge high-def flat-screen TV. But unlike a lot of new hotels, the space had been designed very intelligently; the wall unit had ample room for desk space and a long counter, and a window seat and a long ledge in the bathroom gave the sense of additional space to spread out. The bed was very comfortable, with super-soft pillows. The bathroom was also big, with a glassed-in shower. I had decent views from the very big windows toward Union Square and the Civic Center.If you're sensitive to noise, you'll like this: the hotel is impressively quiet. Entering your room is like stepping into a cocoon of silence. There's almost no street noise. I was returning to my room one evening and could hear my neighbor talking very loudly on his phone through his door; but once I entered my room I couldn't hear a thing.Service was smooth and efficient but unobtrusive. There was always someone standing in the lobby to greet you. Wake-up calls were delivered on time, and room service arrived promptly. Housekeeping kept the room very clean.A bonus: the hotel's food is excellent. I didn't eat in the restaurant, Luce, but I had a fantastic Luce burger at the bar (San Francisco has some odd ideas about how to season french fries, but they were still good), and a delicious chicken and eggplant panini from room service. The only possible drawback to the hotel is the location; it's a little off the beaten path, and the block it's on is a little desolate. However, it is right next to the Moscone Center and just a block or two away from the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, Yerba Buena Gardens, and Metreon, and it's just two blocks south of the Powell Street BART/Muni station. (Hint: If you're coming here from SFO and traveling light, don't take a taxi, which will cost a fortune and take forever; BART will zip you straight from the airport to Powell Street in about 30 minutes for just over $5.) There's also a stiff charge ($15/day) for in-room Internet access, but that's true of almost all luxury hotels; at least the network was reasonably fast.Overall, this is a fantastic place to stay, especially for the business traveler or the seasoned tourist who wants to be a little bit away from the hustle and bustle.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great City Getaway	We saw this hotel's &quot;Staycation&quot; package advertised in the Sacramento Bee and decided to give it a try to celebrate our 45th wedding anniversary. When we checked in I commented that it was a special anniversary celebration and we were upgraded to an Executive King room--a wonderful corner room with two walls of floor to ceiling windows. Loved the city lights at night! The rooms are nicely appointed and very comfortable. The package included valet parking and a daily breakfast buffet for two. The buffet was far nicer than those at most venues--I greatly enjoyed lox and bagels every morning along with a bowl of fresh raspberries, blackberries and blue berries. What a winter treat. The staff was uniformly attentive. The location is quite convenient--very walkable to Union Square attractions, several museums, two multiplex movie theatres, restaurants, shopping, clubs, several live theatres. We trekked to Embarcadero Center--a nice walk. One could even come into the city on the rapid transit Bart train and walk from the Powell Street Station to the hotel. The cost for this package made it a major bargain. We've already recommened the hotel to friends and family.	
Dec 29 2008 	Loved the InterContinental	Husband and I enjoyed our stay at the InterContental. We live in the Bay Area and stayed one evening to enjoy the City during the holiday season. When we arrived, service was superb -- greeted warmly by the doorman, check in person, bartender and everyone else we came into contact with -- all very professional and welcoming.We requested a corner room at check-in which was great with floor to ceiling windows. The room was well appointed (reasonable size for city standards) and had a plasma TV. The feel of the hotel is modern and clean. We found a great price at $129 for the night and would return. Thanks to other posters, we knew the valet parking charge was considerable and took public transportation which worked out great in the City – this is the way to go if you can. While we were there, we enjoyed dinner at Town Hall and played pool at Jillian's in the Metreon which are both within walking distance of the hotel.	
Dec 29 2008 	Excellent accommodations	My husband and I just returned from a little getaway to San Francisco. We normally would have tried to stay somewhere a little more centric, but couldn't resist staying at this brand-new hotel. It is beautiful, simple, elegant and comfortable. Nothing too snazzy, but sparkling clean and beautiful neat lines in the design. I cannot overemphasize how spotlessly clean it is, and how promptly the room gets made up daily. The fitness room is great, although my husband complained that it didn't have a pull-up bar. The restaurant and bar are gorgeous, but the food is, IMHO, quite bad. I don't care if food is overpriced if I am in for a satisfying gastronomic experience, but the food there was absolutely nothing special. There are many fabulous restaurants in the city, so give those a try. Also, when we consulted one of the concierges there for a good sushi place, he directed us to a really crappy downtown joint. He kept emphasizing how &quot;reasonable&quot; it was. I guess because we look young (we're in our 20s) he thought we would only want cheap. The place he sent us to was not good, and pretty unreasonable considering the quality! Overall, the staff at the hotel was curteous (although we didn't really need to interact with them for anything - we had no complaints!) and the hotel is a wonderful retreat after a busy day of shopping, going to museums and bustling about that great city! Oh yeah, the beds are WONDERFUL...the pillows not so much.	
Dec 23 2008 	Business Hotel lacks atmosphere and service	Stayed here on business November 2008. Rooms were clean, facilities good and the bar staff friendly.Service was very poor especially for US standards. Rude check in staff and rude waitresses - probably because they were understaffed. - asked for more coffee - &quot;its not my first day&quot; was the reply. Several guests walked out at breakfast refusing to pay as there was no food and no plates!Being British we said nothing at the time but due to the rudeness we did inform the manager at checkout.I wouldn't go back and other hotels we visited with clients had much better levels of service. One to avoid although the hotel itself was OK the manager should be sacked.	
Dec 19 2008	Luxury in the heart of SoMa	The InterContinental San Francisco was a luxurious way to end my trip to the Bay Area. The room was in good shape and modern in style. High end room amenities in the bed/living room included: a touch screen phone; Frette bathrobes; computerized minibar; flat screen TV; and an electronic do not disturb/clean room indicator. Room service offered a wide range of options for my breakfast. The room service operator and deliveryman were very professional.The Fitness Center had a decent amount of free weights and cardio machines. I especially liked the personal headsets and TVs that were featured with each treadmill.The temperature of the pool was delightfully warm. Goggles were provided for the underwater swims.In the Business Center, computer terminals had a home page that link to the major airlines' check-in/boarding pass systems. This, unlike other printing services in the center, was free of charge.The only thing I'd change about the hotel was the price of parking. $46+tax was rather steep, even with in/out privileges. Via Hotwire, the room cost less than $150. To get that many services and perks for that cost was a great treat.	
Dec 5 2008 	Above Average But Not Spectacular	We stayed for two nights over the long Thanksgiving holiday weekend and chose the hotel primarily because of the favorable reviews on Tripadvisor.Check-in was quick and efficient. Our corner room was on one of the higher floors with floor to ceiling windows and the view was great. The room itself was comfortable with a large flat screen TV and working area.The bathroom had one hook, which made hanging wet towels or more than one thing (robe, travel accessories, etc.) impossible. The low flow showerhead was pretty wimpy. I've experienced better quality low flow showerheads at other hotels.The $14.95 charge for 24 hours of Internet access was exorbitant as well as the $50.00 for overnight parking at the hotel. Like others have commented, we parked in the structure behind the hotel for $30.00.There's a lot of shopping and restaurants nearby behind the hotel. I would recommend it if you're attending a convention. We got a decent, but not great rate by booking at the hotel web site, but I wouldn't rebook if it were a single penny more. There are too many hotels of the same caliber in San Francisco that offer better rates and location.	
Dec 2 2008 	Is it an hotel or an airport lounge?	This must be the very edge of gentrification in SoMa. 5th Street after dark is getting a touch too much for European visitors - better to come in from 4th. The hotel claims to be almost brand new but several of the fixtures in the bedroom (14th floor) were starting to feel tired. If you like to spend your quality time with dressed down business men wearing conference badges from the convention centre next door then this is for you. The lobby and bar area must have been designed by the team that does Airline Invite Only lounges. Personally, I prefer the grace and charm of the Mark Hopkins up the hill. In IHG terms I reckon this is Crowne Plaza rather than Intercontinental.	
Nov 30 2008 	New Hotel	Stayed at the New InterContinental San Francisco. Good location, next to Market Street. Everything is new, design very modern. Rooms are convenient, but lack charme. I preferred to stay at the InterContinental Mark Hopkins on Nob Hill, where I stayed last year.I guess it is great for convention visitors. Did not have a chance to test the restaurants. Staff is friendly.	
Nov 29 2008 	Great if you can get a good rate	Staying at the InterContinental San Francisco was a sharp departure from where I normally stay while vacationing in San Francisco. I have had the pleasure at staying at all three of Mobil-rated five-star hotels in San Francisco and wanted to try something different this time around. I gave the hotel five-stars in consideration of the how much I paid for the room and all the amenities I received. If I paid, say $300 or $400 for the room only, I would have gave the hotel three stars. I wanted to share some of my tips for staying at this particular hotel. For California residents, IC offers a “Staycation” package which is inclusive of valet parking ($46 + tax per night), buffet breakfast for two including gratuities and taxes (otherwise, $25 per person) and a $10 credit to your guest folio. I HIGHLY recommend this package to California residents. You have to find the package on the hotel’s website under the “Experience More” tab and book from there. I was given a rate of $159 for a Standard room—this rate is the same as their “Best Available Rate” which is normally reserved for the room only. Since this hotel is buried within the city, there are really no “views” to speak of. There are only different vantage points depending on what floor you are staying on. I believe the hotel goes up to the 33rd floor? I recommend booking the room with the most appealing rate and asking for an upgrade at check-in (whether it is gratis or you pay a small “upgrade” fee). Keep in mind you need to add 14% accommodations tax (this is the “sales tax”) to your room rate. This hotel has a club lounge and here are my thoughts about it. Generally when you book a room with Club Access (for two people), you will be on the 31-33rd floor and it will be about $100 more than a comparable room. If you want Club Access and want to save some money…when you check-in (if the option is available) the supplement is $80 (for two people)- you save $20. The caveat is you could be on any one of the 33 floors of the hotel. The club lounge is open from 6:30 AM to 10:30 PM. Unless you’re staying on a corporate account, this option really does not seem worth it to me. Can two people really eat $80 worth of food? Each additional guest is $40. I would much rather pay $100 for club access if it were the Ritz-Carlton (this option is available at the Ritz San Francisco). Club access affords you food presentations throughout the day, internet access WITHIN the club lounge, and various reading materials and possibly garment pressing (not sure). Other reviewers have mentioned the amenities in the room so I will forgo my usual review and give a synopsis of little quirky things about the hotel. Check-in is at 3 o clock PM and check-out is Noon. Your room is fully equipped with an automated mini-bar (similar to Las Vegas) and it will charge you when you remove something almost instantly (even if you put it back). A Snickers bar costs $6.50. A small coke costs $4.00. When you order room service, you are automatically accessed a $3 delivery surcharge, 18% gratuity, and local sales tax (8.5%). The hotel offers a complimentary shoe shine. Housekeeping did not turn down the room (so no bottled water available although Evian is available for $8). Make sure you make a reservation for breakfast if you receive a breakfast coupon as there was a wait at 9 in the morning. Although that time is generally when people eat breakfast anyways, I normally never have to make reservations because a table is usually available. I tried to check-in at 8 in the morning but no room was available. When I came back at 12, the helpful front desk agent was able to put me in a room then. I did not look at the fitness or pool facilities so I have no comment. When I was checking-out I tried to contact the Bell Desk to have someone help take my luggage downstairs to no success. Each time, the line was busy. My car was brought up in 5 minutes. Overall, if I gauged what I paid for the room and the amenities I received, it was a GREAT DEAL. If I could procure the same rate again, I would definitely jump at the chance. I would not pay more than $250 for the Standard room I stayed in.	
Nov 25 2008 	Excellent Hotel	We arrived in San Francisco after a short stay in San Jose with relatives in mid September. All I can say is wow it is much colder in San Francisco so make sure to take along a warm top or jacket. When we arrived at the hotel we were greeted by friendly staff. The hotel lobby is uber modern but somewhat lacking in atmosphere. We ate and drank down along the pier and there was a good atmosphere in the hard rock cafe at pier 39. The hotel room was very nice, clean and modern. There was also a great view from our room. You will need to take a taxi to the pier but you are just a short walk from union square. Overall 10/10.	
Nov 18 2008 	Modern sleek new intercontinental San Francisco	This is a beautiful brand new hotel very close to the convention center. The staff were very courteous, the rooms totally modern and excellent. Did not have the gloomy dark looks or tight quarters of some other modern hotels. If you have business around the SF convention center, this is the number one choice hands down.	
Nov 15 2008	Impressive new ICH in San Francisco	We stayed at this property and booked the California Staycation package that they are offering to CA residents through the end of the year. The package includes free parking, a $20 gas card, and breakfast for 2 at their restaurant in addition to the room.We had booked a regular room but at check-in on a Friday night, were offered an upgrade to a club room for an additional $40. We decided to do the upgrade since we were feeling peckish and were pretty certain we could get our money's worth in free drinks and snacks at the lounge. As it turned out at checkout they did not have a gas card to give us, so they gave us the room upgrade for free instead -- OK by us.The hotel is very modern looking, quite striking really. The check in was pretty quick and efficient and we found our way to our room easily enough. We were on the 32nd floor, and found the floor-to-ceiling windows a great touch. The room however was a bit on the small side, and the bath was one of the smallest we've had at an ICH property that we've ever stayed at. Still, it was very clean and comfortable with great bedding (as usual).The lounge is the smallest we've experienced, too, at any ICH property, although there is a big outdoor area so when it's not cold or raining one could escape the slight clausterphobia of the indoors by sitting out on the patio. Being on a higher floor ended up being slightly annoying, at least when it came to the elevators. Even though there are 4 of them, it seemed that whichever elevator came up to get us would also be the one to stop on each floor going down along the way. We learned to not take the first elevator that would come up, so that we could avoid stopping literally 5-10 times on our way down to the lounge or the lobby.It's a very nice property, despite previous posters if you know SF it's a good location. It was a particularly great deal getting the Staycation package, since $50/night parking is ridiculous (though tip for anyone who doesn't know: there is a parking garage charging far less right around the corner on Mission). We'd definitely stay here again.	
Nov 6 2008 	Can't Wait to Go Back!	Earlier this year I stayed at the InterContinental for my birthday. The hotel was only a month old and is only a few blocks away from my work so I'd seen the building during it's entire construction process. On the outside it looks very hip and modern. On the inside, it's just as cool and hip. The hotel is beautiful and many aspects of it are top notch. As a San Francisco resident, I like to stay at hotels in the city for leisure and to spend &quot;just the two of us&quot; time with my boyfriend. I must say that this is hands down one of my favorite hotels in San Francisco. It has a completely different angle of luxury than other high end hotel establishments in the city; it's very laid back, welcoming, friendly and not pretentious. I booked 2 rooms for me and my friends to stay and hang out in for the birthday occasion: one deluxe king room and one double room. Both rooms had luxurious amenities. The beds were very comfortable with great sheets and down comforters. The room had a 42&quot; LCD TV with all HD Channels. The bathroom robes were Frette and the mirrors were anti-fog. It's nice to be able to take a shower and not have to aerate the room to finish getting ready for the night! The staff here is very friendly and really tries to make sure their customers are happy. The location of the hotel is perfect. You're still in a good area of downtown San Francisco yet away from all the craziness of Union Square (but only 2 blocks away from main shopping areas). It's a great option for visitors who want an alternative to Union Square hotels. I always feel that Union Square hotels are expensive for what they offer so if you're looking for a beautiful larger room for the same price, this is the place for you.There are 2 things that you should be aware of when you stay here. Overnight parking at the hotel is a bit steep. It's about $47.00 a night per car. The valet people here are nice and you get &quot;in and out&quot; privileges. Also the mini-bars are motion censored for each item. I do not advise that you take any contents out so you can make room to put something in of your own (my friends staying in the double room did this). The second you take the item out it'll get charged to your room, even if you put the item back right away. The process to get the charges reversed and funds back into my account is kind of a pain so hopefully you all won't make this mistake as well.I'll actually staying at the InterContinental again this weekend and I can honestly say that I'm looking forward to it! :)	
Nov 3 2008 	Excellent Stay ( ...some value quibbles ).	Stayed here October 08. Door staff very welcoming and friendly, booked into room very efficiently, all staff we met during our stay were very nice. On entering the room first thing you notice is the superb floor to ceiling windows with lovely view across the bay. Great !No housekeeping issues, the room was spotlessly clean, as was the whole hotel. One evening we were warned to avoid a spilled drink on entering the elevator, by the time we had dumped our shopping in the room and returned to the lobby - it had been cleaned up. The bathrooms have no tub on 28th floor, I believe only the top three floors have tubs - other rooms are just showers. Like many newer hotels the bathroom doors slid closed but did not lock - could be annoying. The flatscreen tv had excellent reception, unlike some other hotels we visited on our trip. The in-room safe was very shallow, unable to store cameras unless very compact size.Hotel location turned out much better for us than we expected. Bloomingdales is just one block away, with the Market Street cable cars also handy. Union Square is a close walk, and as we were walking around the city it felt a better area around the hotel than around Union Square actually. The huge Westfield shopping mall is within the block so the usual food court options are available whilst open.Directly across the road from the hotel is The Chieftain Irish Bar, which had a good choice of local brews, really tasty fish and chips and burgers - and of course, draught Guinness. The staff in here were very friendly also.A few quibbles. The hotel valet parking is $52.44, fair enough for those requiring valet, if expensive. No mention is made that a huge self-park garage is directly behind the hotel @ $30. Hotel website could refer to nearby self-park option.The Visit Luce insert offering a complimentary glass of wine for every entree dish ordered during dinner. Whoopee-do ! Sofitel does this much better offering a complimentary glass of wine or beer at the hotel bar/restaurant - even without ordering food. Often we go on to order more drinks and/or food at a Sofitel after the free drinks - the offer at Luce - we didn't bother. Actually, the Luce bar itself is rather like an airport departure lounge, sited awkwardly opposite the elevators. Not very enticing, but again the staff were great.Final quibble, the bottled water, Evian if I recall, available to guests @ $8 per bottle. We bought some at a nearby deli exactly the same @ $1.20 per bottle. Nobody appreciates being hosed.Our previous night at a Hampton Inn @ $79 rate had two complimentary bottles of water in room. We paid $250 at the Intercontinental.Previously in SF we stayed at Fisherman's Wharf or Union Square, without doubt we preferred staying in SoMa area and will do so in future. To sum up, for us this hotel was an excellent choice, the view of the sunrise across the bay, the cleanliness, location and friendly staff, mean we will definitely stay here next time in SF.Thank you Intercontinental San Francisco !	
Nov 2 2008 	Truly a wonderful Hotel	My partner and I came to this hotel for our marriage ceremony and were comepletely suprised at how beautiful the hotel was. Everything in our room was perfect. The staff, the pool, everything.Thank you Intercontinental!	
Nov 1 2008 	Disapointing....	This was the sencond time that I stayed at the hotel and I was very disapointed. It went from 4 1/2 Star (at theri opeining back in March 2008) to 3 star. Go with other 4 star hotels. You save $$ and extra 10 minutes walk to Union Sq.	
Oct 31 2008	Overall fantastic	The service was fantastic, the room was comfortable and modern. Fantastic view, nice bed, flat screen tv, large spacious bathroom, etc. It was both tasteful and modern without trying too hard. Staff were attentive and friendly. The location is close to the Moscone Center in SOMA, an area that keeps pushing the gentrification boundaries farther and farther (and this is a big symbol of that). This is the place to stay on business, not on a romantic trip (because there are better locations for that). This is one of those hotels that likes to charge for services a la carte, so be prepared for that.	
Oct 31 2008 	Good value for the price	Had the junior suite. Nice view but why did they put the desk and the TV in front of the windows? Great bed and nice view from the bathroom. Good breakfast and nice location.On the minus side: the staff is just useless. At check-in they refused to include breakfast into my rates despite what was stated on the internet site. I had to come back to show them on MY computer that they were wrong. I did not appreciate their attitude of sureliness.Otherall I would say it is a good hotel because of the location (between SOMA and market street) but some weak details (staff, entrance and check-in) and it is way too businessmen oriented.	
Oct 21 2008 	Anticipate delays/problems - overall and ok experience.	LONG STORY SHORT - stay here if you know EXACTLY what you want to do and do not rely on hotel staff for ANYTHING!We arrived in SFO around noon - and thought we would try and check in. It was no suprise that our room was not available. We didn't expect our rooms to be available but thought we might try anyway. We checked our bags in with the bellman - who was exceptionally accomodating and offered discounts to the spa and adjacent shopping areas. We were in town for the Nike Women's Marathon and had asked for directions to Union Square. We were suprised by the close proximaty of all of the shops and restaurants in between! Returned around 3:30pm to check back into our hotel when the front desk notified us that the room was not available. No solution or appology was offered for this inconvenience. I had asked if they had an executive lounge and had requested to have access until our room was available. They did make this accomodation and the &quot;IC&quot; club was appropriately staffed and had nice amenities. We received our room key approximately 45 minutes later and proceeded to our room. We were mortified that the room was occupied by another guest at the hotel. Luckily for both parties, everyone was fully dressed (I actually read this happening to another tripadvisor reviewer). We returned to the executive lounge and discussed our situation. They appologized and we incurred a half hour delay with the next room assignment. The new room was nice and clean - beds were comfortable. The staff sent a fruit plate with an appology .Once in the room, we called to have our bags delivered to the room. After waiting an hour, we went to the lobby to aquire them ourselves. There was no appology or assistance and were rudely handed our bags. Here is some info on the rest of the property:POOL/HOT TUB/WORK OUT AREA - the pool is a lap pool only - and is nice and clean. The hot tub had an over abundance of chlorine which made our eyes water. We notified the management but was in the same condition the following day.SPA - just ok. We have been in lavish spas...and this is definately the lower end of the scale. Typically there is a great place to hang and relax with the girls prior to and after the treatment - well - don't expect to do this at the spa. There is no separate hot tub area either. We were directed to the pool area when I asked. The shower/make-up area can only accomodate two people and I had difficulties keeping the water warm in the shower. There were three of us who booked 50 minute deep tissue massages - and we all agreed that the treatments were mediocre at best. Definately not worth the price.CONCIERGE - don't waste your time with him. He is useless. Dinner Recommendations: We called for a recommendation for seafood and reservations and we were directed to a dive. Waste of a cab fare and our time. Even the Cabbie was concerned when we arrived at the restaurant. So the Cabbie had much better recommendations for fantastic seafood! Alcatraz Tour: We had called the concierge twice about the alcatraz tour and he noted it was sold out both days. We decided to &quot;chance&quot; it the second day (at the advice of a local) and show up at the dock and got in without a hitch. Once again - he was useless. So, for those future travelers out there - if the trip is all &quot;booked up&quot; - they do take standbys and can typically accomodate all who show up.We recognized that dealing with the concierge was an exercise in futility and no longer entrusted in him for the remainder of the stay.WHAT THEY DON'T TELL YOU:Stay away from 5th Street at night. It is a know area where drug deals frequently occur. We wondered down Fulsom Street for some GREAT food (definately try Basil) and heard about the drug dealers from the locals. Even our Cabbie wouldn't drive down 5th Street. Fulsom Street is a little sketchy - but there were a few diamonds in the rough that were worth dinning at. Just make sure you take a cab both ways. Also, if you are into the night club scene...check out Butter. OMG was it fun!	
Oct 20 2008 	Great View!	Just got back from the last two night of our honeymoon spent at the IC. First the bad (or the not-as-good if you have a glass-full outlook on life):-Parking is like $48/night. I realize this is San Francisco we're talking about, but $48? Really? Is that necessary? It's more punitive than anything. The valet was pretty slow too.-Location is sort of blah. The SoMa thing is improving but it's still a hike to anywhere other than the Moscone center. We walked it numerous times but the neighborhood is just sort of blah until you get to Market or toward the ferry building. -Breakfast. This was our fault. We were sort of in a rush and we stopped in for breakfast on our way out of town. The buffet was out for $25 including coffee/juice, but we felt that was a little excessive. Instead we opted for off the menu choices. They were okay but were still pretty darn expensive. If I had a do over I would have done the buffet but more likely I would have grabbed a couple of Egg McMuffins instead. There's just no other place to eat within a several block radius unfortunately.Now the good:-The place is sparkly and still seems very new. Everything is very clean.-Being that it was our honeymoon, we splurged a little on one of the exec corner rooms. The view was awesome. We had the sun setting right behing city hall from our room. We didn't face the bay but our view of downtown was gorgeous. The room itself was really big. The bed was incredibly comfortable. I slept the best I have in a very long time. The bathroom was big too and I just love the floor to ceiling windown right next to the toilet. There's nothing quite like sitting next to a floor-to-ceiling window 26 floors up. The flat screen TV is huge and a nice touch as well. -Overall, the good outweighed the bad to be honest even if it doesn't seem that way from above. One should never eat in a hotel restaurant, that was our fault. We were roadtripping, so parking was kind of our fault too. A side note: I went to the business center to catch up on my email. Spent 10 bucks for 20 minutes of service, expensive, but certainly not unheard of. Some woman walked in in a bad mood. She sat down to one of the terminals. She asked about the fee to print. She was annoyed and said she just wanted to print a boarding pass. It turns out this is free if you click that option before paying the 10 bucks. Even though I wasn't doing this, I had seen the option. It was totally obvious. She proceeded to basically rip into the poor girl working the place who explained to her she wasn't able to give her the 10 bucks back. I'm sure a manager could easily fix this for her. But she then went off on the service in the restaurant and how she would never stay there again since she has stayed at so many high-end hotels. First of all, I don't care how good the restaurant is supposed to be, if you come to San Francisco and eat in the hotel restaurant...you're just not very smart. Sorry, I don't know how else to put it. Secondly, people who get condescending and choose to take it out on people they perceive as lower than them have a special place waiting for them someday. Sorry, I needed to vent.	
Oct 17 2008 	Nice New Hotel But ...	The new Intercontinental SF Hotel is a beautiful hotel and a welcome addition to San Francisco where there are a lot of hotels, but not that many really nice, new clean ones. Sure, you have the 4 seasons, the Campton Place and a very few others, but for the most part, most hotels in SF are old and dated. I'm sorry to say this, but it's true. The Intercontinental is south of Market and Mission, so it's a little bit of a walk to anything other than the Convention Center. If you're in SF for a Convention, the Inter is by far the best. If you want to shop or do business you'll probably have to taxi to where-ever you're going, which is a shame. The parking arrangement at the hotel is very convenient, one of the best in SF. The problem is it's VERY expensive ($48/night). The other problem deals with the front desk. If you don't care what kind of room you have, disregard this comment. But if you do care, and for example, want a king bed instead of a double, or a nice City view or a higher level room or whatever, be prepared to do battle. Depending on who you get, you'll either be told &quot;the hotel is sold out&quot; and you have no options. That's always my favorite. Or, it'll cost you $100 more for whatever it is you want. If you get this one, they'll barter with you. Hold out for $30. That seems to work best. Or you may have to ask for a manager. In any case, they have no easy quick way to find the different types of rooms available. Or if they do, nobody seems to know how to do it. And then most of the time, they'll act like they really don't want to help you. As long as you go along with their program, everything is fine. Once you get past the front desk, the hotel is really nice. There are separate showers and flat screen TVs in every room. Many rooms have incredible views. They also have corner rooms which I haven't tried but which look pretty nice. The food in room service is also extremely good, as is the service. Like almost all hotels now, you have to pay for WiFi. Whatever happened to free WiFi ...? The rates at the hotel seems to vary greatly. The online rates appear significantly lower than the regular room rate, though the hotel is new. Besides the 4 seasons, I think it's the nicest hotel in town now. But I tend to prefer new hotels where everything works great.	
Oct 15 2008 	Nice building - bad service!	Stayed here for my honeymoon for 7 nights. Bad or non-existent housekeeping for everyday that we stayed. They pick up the phone after many rings on most occasions. They persistently apoiogize for the bad service but were of no help in actually FIXNG the problems. The building is beautiiful and new and the room was huge with great views from a high floor. Weird things abou the place, its a luxury hotel with a high price tag, yet no employee ever opens the front door or says &quot;hello&quot; or &quot;welcome back&quot; when you come in, even though they are standing right there! The housekeeping was the biggest problem during the stay, they are untrained and completely unsupervised. In a city like San Francisco with a million high end hotels stacked on top of each other, pick a different one than this!	
Oct 10 2008 	Truly Impressive	Everything you would expect from a new purpose-built city-centre hotel operating under the InterContinental brand. An impressive property, with deluxe accommodation. Stylish, contemporary, and well-equipped bedrooms, with well-designed lighting and modern bathrooms. Hotel locations in San Francisco can be hit and miss - this is certainly better than some, with Powell Street BART station and cable car terminus just a couple of blocks away. Good breakfast service in the ground-floor restaurant.	
Oct 8 2008 	Fantastic	I am totally happy with my descision to stay at this hotel. It truly could not have been any better. The service, overall, was through and unobtrusive, the front desk staff was quick and efficent, the room was great, and the bar and cocktails were top notch. What truly set this property above others was the excellent Concierge staff. Will was without peer. I would not hesitate to stay here again and I plan on doing so.	
Oct 5 2008	Great Location	We recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel for 4 nights. It was a great location for shopping the Union Square/Market area and was a few blocks from the trolley. I would request a high floor as there is some street noise, although the lowest floor with rooms on it is still 7 floors up. The valet service is expensive if you have a car, we decided to leave our car in the huge self parking garage directly behind the hotel. This saved us maybe $30 a night and is a good option if you will be mostly walking or using the trolley. If you will be in and out alot with your car, use the valet. The rooms were large and comfortable, I would say for what you're paying the cleaning staff could have been a little more detail oriented. There was something sticky at the bottom of the mini bar, no battery in the scale in the bathroom, a crumpled tourist map under the night stand, and the last guest's room key on the ice bucket tray. I left a note, and it was promptly taken care of, but come on.Bottom Line: Great Location, comfy bed, but nothing that wins my loyalty when staying in SF	
Oct 4 2008 	Stay somewhere else.	The hotel is just ok. Not a fabulous 5 star or whatever property that they claim. The front desk waited until the line was 9 people long before calling another agent out to help with check in. The furniture was fine but uninspired, the pool was small, AND WE FOUND SOMEONE ELSE'S SOCKS IN OUR DRAWER WHEN WE UNPACKED!!!!The wireless internet costs ~$35/three days. And then it didn't work the next day. We had to call every single day to get it to work. ALSO, you have to pay 2x for two computers to connect. Idiotic! Of course I did complain and they did negate the charges, but still it's extremely irritating.On top of that, the concierge and the front desk staff had really bad attitudes. You always felt like you were inconviencing them and they were quite curt/brusque.I would rather stay elsewhere as there are many good hotels in San Francisco, and some very good ones close by. P.S. We were also charge for the stupid bottle of water on the counter which we certainly didn't drink.	
Sep 27 2008 	amazing windows and great location	I called the hotel directly on the day of the stay (a Saturday night). My in laws live across the Bay and we left our daughter with them so that my husband and I could celebrate my birthday in the city. When we arrived at the front desk I was told that we were upgraded. We had an amazing view corner room on the 22nd floor. Everything was sparkling clean and new. The bed was very comfy and the location was great...just a short walk to Union Square. They gave us a 2pm check out for the next day. We had breakfast in the very quiet restaurant. It was good--not spectacular. They have a very tiny lap pool that was filled with an overabudance of children so we did not use the pool. The room also had nice, plush robes. The valet people were very friendly and helpful. A lot of the rooms in SF are funky and small but this was very nice and modern with bigger rooms. For my husband and myself it was a great room just to hang out in and enjoy each others company without our daughter. We were not really sight seeing tourists as much as just wanting a relaxing get away.	
Sep 26 2008 	Great location friendly service!	Great location! only four blocks from Union Square. walking distance to SFMOMA. Bed was awesome. Very close to shopong center. excellent restaurant just a block away, Chez Papa, highly recommended. would definetely stay again.	
Sep 24 2008 	Nice hotel	We stayed at this hotel for the last 5 nights of our honeymoon. Our rate was $279 plus tax. On arrival we were upgraded to a King Exec room on the 10th Floor.Very clean room, comfortable beds. We used room service - good food and prompt service. Unlike an earlier contributor we did have a bath in our bathroom.Didn't use concierge so can't comment on that service, front desk were very helpful on arrival.Very business orientated so if staying on business doubt you'd have any complaints.Good location, good service however compared to other hotels on our trip I don't feel this hotel presented good value for money when staying for leisure.Only complaints were the noise at this hotel (waking regularly to the sound of the fire engines passing by the hotel throughout the night) and the $1.50 charge to use the phone, we were not charged for using international dialing cards at the other hotels we stayed at on our honeymoon so this was a bit of a surprise especially one morning when we experienced problems so dialled out several times in order to gain connection only to be charged about $12 by the hotel for this pleasure :-/ Small things but slightly annoying.	
Sep 9 2008 	Very nice hotel	A very very nice hotel.We stayed here for the final three nights of our Honeymoon in August 2008. On arrival we were congratulated on our recent marriage, upgraded to a corner room on floor 27 with floor to ceiling windows in conjunction with the level of my Priority Club membership, and also given a map and details of the city along with being informed of the area nearby that is best to avoid.The room offered great views of the Union Square area of the city.I had read that the hotel was close to an undesirable neighbourhood, but we were not bothered by this in any way during our stay. Turn right and right again out of the hotel and within a few minutes you're on Powell Street so nothing to worry about and we did walk back to the hotel after dark as well.On our second day a bottle of sparkling wine was left in our room on ice with further congratulations offered in a card from the hotel.All in all, a very pleasurable stay in a very nice hotel.	
Sep 6 2008 	Great Hotel	This is a relatively new hotel located in the SOMA area of downtown.The rooms and lobby were fabulous and fully up to Intercontinental expectations.The staff for the most part were very friendly, courtious and helpful especially Roberto who took our bags to the room and was a true ambassador for the hotel.We had a few mistakes on our bill but these were taken care of efficiently and without fuss. On arrival we were also informed that we had been given an upgrade to our room, when we got to our room there was someone elses stuff in there (potentially embarrassing situation). We headed back to reception and were promptly bumped back down to our original room!! Good job on squashing my momentary high guys!!!Would I stay there again, absolutely!!	
Sep 3 2008	Sweeping city views	This is a great new hotel in San Francisco close to the Convention Centre and the main shopping area.I had the luxury of staying in one of the well appointed junior suites. These are located on the corners of the building so the room has huge floor to ceiling windows on two sides (also extending into the bathroom).The room was huge, complete with iPod docking station, huge flat screen TV and a massive bathroom with a walk-in double shower at one end.All the staff were courteous, especially the cheerful spa staff and my three night stay was very pleasant.	
Sep 3 2008 	Amazing Hotel!!	This was an amazing hotel! We booked through expedia and got a very reasonable rate (somewhere around 150 per night). We arrived around 11am and our room was ready, which was an unexpected surprise. The rooms were small but comfortable, and had wicked flat screen tv's, ipod alarm clock decks, and beautiful stall showers with great water pressure! Best of all, the beds were rediculously comfortable! The hotel was in a great location - within walking distance to Union Square, movie theatres, and great shopping. I should also note that there was a great restaurant called Bucca right across the street. The gnocci was out of this world!The concierge was particularly helpful! We wanted to eat at cheesecake factory but heard that there tends to be a 1 to 1.5 hour wait during dinner hours. We had our concierge call (eventhough they dont' take reservations), and we waited no more than 2 minutes. Brilliant! This was an incredible hotel and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it for one second!	
Sep 2 2008 	Highly recommended not without faults though	This is a brand new hotel with all modern amenities. The offerings were comprehensive and at a 4-4.5 star level. We booked a superior room and were &quot;upgraded&quot; to a deluxe room on the 9th floor with no view but were given the option to wait for a room on a higher floor which we declined.The room was huge and the bathroom had full window frontage which is rare in hotels. This made the bathroom deluxe in my opinion and the stand up shower was fine and preferred to old fashioned tubs. Bed was pillow top but on the firm side. Linens were nice. There was a huge LCD tv as well. Overall, the room was extremely comfortable and tastefully decorated.The service was excellent as well, I called down a few minutes prior to check out to have boarding passes printed and they were waiting for me when I checked out. I recall a similar experience at a Westin in NY when I was directed to the business center for a 20 minute ordeal, most of which was the staff member trying to get the hotel computer billing system to work so they could add the $4 to my bill.A big negative was that the room was adjacent to the ice machine room and stairwell (room 902). Though not often, a loud crashing noise came from the ice machine as it filled buckets. The stairwell was used aggressively, why I don't know, at around 3am each night of my stay. It was situated directly behind the headboard and the noise reverberated throughout the room and of course woke each of us up. I suspect it was a staff member checking for breakfast order cards in a manner as efficient as possible for him or her, but I'm not sure. If you wish not to be woken, ask for a room that is not adjacent to these service areas as there are two like this on each floor. This is the only reason why I didn't go five stars all the way because the hotel was truly worthy in other respects.	
Aug 25 2008	Loved this hotel!	This is one beautful glass towering hotel. I was amazed at how well the hotel spaces were designed and the amount of thought that was put into the selection of furniture, wall paper, art, colors, tiles, and granite and fixtures in the bathrooms. I probably would define the spaces as comtemporary with emphasis on clean lines, comfortable textures, warm but neutral tones. The hotel is situated about three blocks south of Union Square and I appreciated it’s location. The area is clean, spacious, safe, and without the crowds and noise of Union Square. It only added to that laid back San Franciscan attitude. The walk is short and easily managed with luggage from the Powell BART station. Bart is faster and way cheaper ($5.35) than a cab from the airport. It is a clean, efficient, comfortable travel mode. I think one of the problems with the hotel is that they have so many codes including different rooms and packages that even the staff gets a bit confused. I had booked a 400 square foot room with two queen beds in the corner on a lower floor, like 7 to 11 for $229 including breakfast. Well, this doesn’t exist. These corner rooms (two walls of windows) only have one bed We were given a 400 sq. foot room with two queen beds that oddly was a bit claustrophobic but not in a corner. When I spoke with Janet, the manager, she could not bend over backwards enough to rectify the situation. We were upgraded to the 28th floor with bay view, slightly smaller room (you would never know it) 360 sq. feet with 2 double beds. It was amazing. She took us around to view several rooms AND gave us vouchers for drinks at the bar. The bay view during the day was lovely but even better at night with the lights of the city. Looking at the city view from the hallway, it was pretty spectacular too, especially at night. The room had an ironing board, iron, hairdryer, umbrella, extra pillows, and blanket. The pillows on the bed were a bit flat but one call and we had five pillows on each bed! Nice fat ones too. Toiletries are included as well as a magnifying mirror. The bathroom is large, spacious and did have a tub. The first room we had been given did not have a tub but a beautiful shower area instead. The door to the bathroom was a large frosted glass sliding door, very cool. The room had a thermostat for temperature control, and an ihome radio-alarm clock with ipod dock. There was a larger than life flat screen TV. Little buttons on the lamps (on-off control) are lighted at night and the far bed nearer the window has a button on the wall to light up the entry way. We heard no noise from the hall or other rooms. Occasionally at night we heard a siren from an emergency vehicle. There are two phones in the room, one wireless. The concierge was very helpful and offered many options to all of our inquires. Hotel personnel were really nice. And check out was pleasant, fast, and efficient.There is a very pretty lap pool and jacuzzi located on the 6th floor (available to alll) as well as a club room for those that booked a club room floor. You can also purchase club room access for 80 dollars a day with any other room which includes breakfast, afternoon tea, drinks and dessert.Buffet breakfast is amazing, Try to get it included in your rate otherwise, 27 dollars a person. I did notice that there was a coffee urn set up on the bar just before the restaurant area for coffee with take away cups in the morning. And there is a Starbucks on your way to Union Square.Westfield Mall is on your way to Union Square also. They have a food court, eh, and a nice food market, Bristol Farms, in the lower level which offers hot and cold take away meals. The fourth floor of the mall has several good restaurants including Zazil, a innovative mexican restaurant with fabulous Margaritas. Bottom line, I am glad I booked the InterContinental and would stay there again without question.	
Aug 18 2008	Nice Location Nice rooms would recommend...	I booked this hotel through the website ($189 per night) for a weekend getaway. I had read the reviews and new about the great location. Price: This was one of the best deals that I had found for this weekend. I have seen it as high as $300 per night. I am not sure if I would ever pay that much.Location: Great! We arrived via the BART and got off at Powell St. It was about 2 blocks away and was an easy walk to the hotel. You are 2-3 blocks from Union Square. Lots of restaurants within walking distance. Lots of shopping as well. You are within 1-2 blocks from the Moscone center.Registration: There was no line. However, they got the price wrong. Right before signing, I noticed that they listed the price as $249 per night. I mentioned that I had received a confirmation for the price of $189 (I forgot to print out the confirmation email). They said that I would need to prove it to them. I asked to use their lobby computer and printed out the letter. They finally relented. This was the only problem that I had with the hotel. My friends had a similar issue in that they did not get the promo package that they thought they had signed up for.Hotel/Room: Very nicely decorated throughout. Looks very new. The hotel appears to be set up nicely for business travelors. The room is nice with comfy beds, LCD TV, Coffee maker, and mini bar. The bothroom only had a shower but I didn't mind. The size of the room was adequate. I utilized the pool for one morning. However, it was small and couldn't hold more than 5 people swimming laps. I also loved the free coffee bar set up in the lobby everymorning.All in all, we had a great time at this hotel. We love the location and would probably return.	
Aug 16 2008 	Great people good design missing some little things	My Wife and I were celebrating our 20th anniversary in San Francisco after 4 days biking around Sonoma County.Initial impressions weren't good - my wife had booked the reservation but had used my priority club member number - the front desk wouldn't let her check in until I returned from renting the car.When I arrived from across the street, the front desk attendant was pleasant, when I told him why we were in San Francisco he smiled and said he was upgrading us from a queen delux to a king delux. When we got to the room we found that it was tucked in between the ice machine and the stairwell.The rooms are gorgeous. Our room was spacious with beautiful design and very comfortable bedding and climate controlsThe rooms are not well sound insulated. Even on the 16th floor, delivery trucks could be clearly heard through the curtain wall. We were woken up at 5:50 AM each morning by the paper boy running up the stairwell to deliver the morning newspapers. On check-out when we complained, the front desk attendant told us she was surprized because people usually just complain about the ice machine in that room. The people in the hotel are pleasant and helpful. The concierge was great - answering all our questions about getting around town. When we were ready for check out he printed our boarding passes and arranged shuttle transport. Good but expected in a hotel in this price range.Everything in the hotel is very expensive - Internet is 15.00 per day. Breakfast is 27.00. Room service is assessed an 18 percent gratuity and a 3.00 room service charge.The location is at the east edge of the financial district - kitty corner from the Yerba Buena gardens and two blocks from the streetcar turn-around at Powell and Market. Just South of the Hotel and you run into the tenderloin district (not a place for the kids)	
Aug 15 2008 	Loved It	I loved the hotel it was amazing. We got a great deal on the hotel website that included valet parking, saved us a lot of money cause it is 46 plus tax at the hotel, but a block up from the hotel parking is 16. The package also included buffet breakfast that was amazing and $40 room credit. Everyone at the hotel was so helpful and service oriented. The only bad was the wireless internet. Come on $15 dollars a day for wireless. Motel 6 has it for free. But other than that loved it. Location was perfect just don't venture west and your okay. It was central to everything. I will definitely come back.	
Aug 13 2008 	A Comparison of two very good S.F. hotels	My wife and I recently had the opportunity to stay in two very good downtown San Francisco hotels -- the InterContinental, and the Westin Market Street. I can recommend both hotels wholeheartedly.However, my personal favorite (by just a few points) is the InterContinental. For others, the balance might tip the other way.Both are modern hotels, about 33-34 floors in height. The Westin Market Street has the advantage of a location that is slightly closer to Union Square, the symbolic center of San Francisco, and is right in the heart of a busy downtown area, almost adjacent to the new Four Seasons Hotel on Market Street and the St. Regis hotel on Third Street. (The I.C. is about one l.o.n.g block, or 3 short blocks, farther from the center, but is still close.) The Westin also has a very attractive indoor-outdoor restaurant on the quiet back side of the hotel.Rooms at both hotels were similar in size. The room at the Westin was fine--no complaints at all--but the room at the I.C. was somehow just a bit more stylish, and the bathroom was definitely larger and more attractive. We could only get a 9th floor room at the Westin, on the back side, but, to our surprise, the view was great! Wonderful open grassy spaces around the Moscone (Convention) Center, as well as other public parks and squares. (On the front side of the Westin, you probably need to be higher to have a really good view.)At the I.C., virtually all rooms above the 6th floor will have a good view, since the hotel is just a bit south of the high-rise downtown area. Our room, on the 24th floor, had a great view of the San Francisco Bay (and other sights), while my sister's room, on the 25th floor, had an equally great view the other way of the downtown highrises. The sixth floor at the I.C. has a very good lap pool, and a large weight/exercise room with good natural light. The I.C. also has a rather attractive restaurant on the ground (lobby) floor, with high ceilings. It was not very busy the night we were there, although the bar area was jammed and hopping.The concierge gave us advice and directions on restaurants close to the I.C., and we were satisfied with his advice. However, San Francisco has such a great number of good restaurants that one really needs to pin down the kind you want before asking advice, since the list of good restaurants is almost endless.In conclusion, we preferred the I.C. to the Westin Market Street by just a bit, becuase the room was just a bit sharper, the bath a bit bigger, the view a bit better. However, the Westin is a fine hotel, and most people will probably find its location to be just a bit better. I've stayed in a number of San Francisco's better hotels and can recommend most, but either of these, if obtained at a reasonable price, will definitely please most travelers.	
Aug 10 2008 	Smart new room but where was the bathtub?	Several days before our stay the Concierge at this hotel contacted us by email to see if we needed any help/information for our stay. It was therefore with a positive impression we arrived for our three night stay.We were ushered to our room by a helpful bellman who just would not stop being helpful - it was 11:00 pm and I just wanted to order some room service, take a bath and get out of my travelling clothes. When he showed me the bathroom I gasped &quot;but where is the bathtub?&quot;. He replied that I needed to book a better room to get a tub. I have never stayed in a hotel room of this quality that did not have a tub and, as a fan of the big soak, was bitterly disappointed.Otherwise our room was well appointed with a comfy kingsize bed and a large flatscreen TV. There was ample room to stow our four suitcases. We appreciated the bathroom scales - as we were able to balance the load in our bags for our flight home.The hotel is located only a couple of blocks from Market Street but I would not like to traverse this route without my husband as there were a number of questionable characters along the route each time we went out.I was disappointed to find that internet access attracted an extra fee - why can lesser establishments offer this as complimentary?The lack of a casual eating area away from the bar that was full of noisy convention attendees was disappointing. We elected to eat in the main restaurant. As we had been travelling for a month we were not interested in fancy, gourmet food with clever combinations of conflicting ingredients but in nicely presented, well cooked, fresh food from simple ingredients. The fancy menu was therefore most disappointing. We decided to leave and explained our needs to the waitress who volunteered that we could order from the bar menu but stay in the peaceful surrounds of the restaurant. We commend this staff member for her assistance.The helpfulness of the staff was patchy. When approached for a late checkout the person on the reception desk was curt; as a Gold Priority Club Member I expected a more reasonable response. There are many ways to say no politely, this staff member was not capable of employing them.The concierge was exceptionally helpful when we requested help in finding a rental car and made numerous 'phone calls on our behalf until he obtained a suitable vehicle. Each time we approached for guidance we were given a cordial reception and helpful advice.	
Aug 10 2008 	Excellent Hotel Choice for Downtown SF	We just spent a week at the Intercontinental San Francisco. What a great choice! For the rate we paid, the room was outstanding. It was obvious that the hotel was new and the big screen LCD TV was excellent. The location was nice, a few blocks walk to Union Square and/or the trolley/BART. One block to the Westfield Shopping Center. By comparison, the neighborhood just to the south and west did not look too inviting but it was safe enough during the day. Definitely avoid using a rental car if possible, the parking fees are high at the hotel and driving in SF is not a good idea. It was very easy to get to all of our tours on foot from the hotel; we walked to most of them (be sure to bring your jacket). We had a great view of the city from the 26th floor, corner room. Service was overall very good and the room was properly cleaned. The hotel restaurant (Luce) had some very good fusion-style food choices; the bar was OK for hanging out in but a bit loud due to its lobby location. Overall I would not hesitate to recommend the Intercontinental for a vacation or business destination.	
Aug 8 2008 	I love new hotels - this one is very comfortable	We booked this hotel before it opened through their website because we wanted to have the luxury of something new for a unique visit to San Francisco. And I wanted to make the one and only visit to San Francisco for my wife as memorable as possible.The tower is amazing, the entrance is a bit of a tiny experience for this kind of place - so was the welcome. Some of the receptionists are not really friendly and do not give you the feeling of being welcome for the money spent and that your special requests matter in any way to the powerful staff. Priority of the welcome interview was given to get the rates of the pre-paid (!) rooms initialed, advise us of the smoking penalties after we booked a non-smoking room (!) and emphasize that no room change is possible without major compromises on our side (after posting special requests 6 months before !).This is the opposite of priority treatment. Unacceptable for this kind of place where even a short stay may cost a decent amount of money. I have experienced exceptional welcomes in Asia and other places in the US so I kow what may be expected.Coming to the room (we paid for an extra category to be in floors 25...30) we really liked the luxury bathroom, noble desk area and super-comfortable beds without the lightest smell from previous guests. Absolutely clean and perfect. Just new...Even if the room was a little small from what we are used to from other luxury hotels we basically got what we expected as far as the room comfort was concerned.The view out of the windows howewer disappointed us greatly. We overlooked the bay area South of Market Street with the incoming freeway. Not the amazing view we booked a high floor for. I just noticed that I did not even take a photo of this ugly view among the 800 pics I took in SF. And the rude lady at the reception told us that there is no possibility to get a more interesting city view that we requested with our booking almost 6 months ago.Good &quot;management&quot; of our special request - or was it lack of ....whatever ?Anyway - due to the behaviour of the personnel for check-in we decided not to have any meals in the hotel and enjoy the wide variety of choices in the nearby heart of the city. A good decision in San Francisco, and very cost-effective also.Anyway, the hotel was quite a good coice, not an exceptional one.The city is of course - exceptional !	
Aug 6 2008 	Instant Service???	I was at the same convention as ProactiveHonolulu and suffered a similar fate. It really felt as if the hotel is either understaffed and unable to handle convention business (which begs the question of why build right next to a busy convention center) or felt that the delegates to this particular convention were not the sort of clientele they wish to see at the hotel. I arrived and due to some miscommunication, not the fault of the hotel, my reservation had not been made. It took the front desk staff and numerous managers nearly 2 hours to &quot;find&quot; a room for me--I was repeatedly told they were overbooked but somehow a room did exist. The room was very nice and comfortable, although rather small, but for some reason it wasn't serviced 1 out of the 7 days I stayed there. Additionally, the hotel nickel and dimes you for everything: $30 for a rollaway bed, $15 for internet access, etc. They even tried to charge a fellow traveler for moving (not consuming) items in the minibar!The biggest joke is the &quot;Instant Service&quot; button on the phones. It takes them at least 10 rings to answer and then the service is far from &quot;instant.&quot; It took nearly 2 hours to get a rollaway bed and when I called twice to have it picked up, it never was. They tried to charge for the extra day even though I had called for its removal but at least removed the charge when I complained. The hotel is new, clean, and upscale but the management is suspect. This is rampant in today's hotel market so I guess I shouldn't expect better. The big corporations who own these hotels answer to shareholders not customers so if you strip the staff (especially middle management) to the bone and report a profit for the last quarter that's all that matters. Sad.	
Aug 6 2008 	Intercontinental good for price	We were promised a room with 2 queen beds which to make a long story short never happened. After waiting a couple of hours for our room to be ready we were disappointed they gave us a room with two double beds. I had explained to reservation office when making my initial reservation that we were two adults and two kids and needed two queen beds. They assured me we would have them. It never happened which really disappointed me because I picked this hotel because they promised two queen beds!!Besides that, the room was clean, my kids enjoyed the pool and the fellow travelers were very nice and polite. The staff basically lied to us which I do not appreciate. I told my husband wow, people lie here and don't even feel bad! (We were also lied to when we rented bikes with our kids that the ride was easy and piece of cake across the Golden Gate Bridge, which it wasn't but worth it!!)	
Aug 4 2008 	The perfect San Francisco hotel	We had the opportunity to stay at the new Intercontinental one month after opening and had one of the most memorable vacation experiences in all our travels. We were orginally concerned that the hotel had only been open a short time and were worried about some &quot;bumps&quot;. Nothing could have been further from our experience. The hotel was PERFECT. From the original check-in to our room, the hotel staff were efficient, courteous and knowledgable. The room decor was both modern and warm with the most amazing views of the city. Within walking distance to most public transportation, every excursion was a simple trolley or subway car away. Every neighborhood was within easy reach. Every day we would check in with the hotel staff for recommendations on eating, sightseeing and walking tours. Every recommendation was exactly as they promised. I would tell everyone who has been or is thinking about going to stay at this hotel, it is as perfect a hotel as you could imagine.	
Aug 3 2008 	Bad Service for Up-Scale Hotel	The hotel was selected due to the proximity of a convention I attended at the Mascone Convention Center. The staff at the front desk treated guests like robots. Not a very warm reception upon check-in by the staff. Management was rather rude to another fellow union member who wanted to bring in food and drinks for personal consumption. This is an up-scale, luxury property and not where college frats would stay and have wild parties, but that's how the fellow union member was treated. The elevators where constantly out of service while filled at capacity due to the convention. The best service of the whole stay was from the bell-man. He was the most hospitable of all the staff.	
Aug 1 2008 	Great service at the beautiful Intercontinental	Just returned from a trip to San Fran with two friends and stayed at the new Intercontinental on Howard next to Moscone Convention Center. I loved this place. The room was gorgeous, with very comfortable beds, great views via the floor to ceiling windows, and a great, huge, walk-in, glass-door shower. The best thing about this hotel is the service. Their concierge desk helped us with maps, directions, info re: shipping packages, mailing postcards and virtually anything we needed. The staff were so very friendly and helpful. The doormen let us park our rental car for free just by the door while we packed and checked out. Definitely above board service for the price we paid. The lobby and bar are lovely, though we never really used it. The lap pool is very sleek and serene and relaxing, and there is a great terrace. We were on the 18th floor. The price goes up the higher you are. If you can swing it, I would highly recommend going as high up as possible on the western side of the hotel. We faced east, and while the view was sweeping (I spent a lot of time looking out and then at my map trying to figure out what everything was) I did go up to the highest floor I could reach without a room key and even saw the Golden Gate on a very clear day facing west. If you do not mind being a long hilly walk from Fisherman's Wharf but near great shopping, the Embarcadero and Ferry Building, fairly close to Chinatown and the Polk St. Station for the cable cars, then I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 31 2008 	Excellent experience	This is a beautiful, brand new hotel. First I'll go through the good stuff. Everything here is brand new and beautiful - the lobby rivals the W's a few blocks away with a beautiful bar, restaraunt, and reception area, the carpeting in the halls and all the common areas are (gasp!) clean and actually nice! Our room was gorgeous - we had a corner room on the 30th floor - floor to ceiling windows afforded us a terrific view of the city's skyline to the north and the bay to the east. The bathroom was gorgeous, with ceramic tile, a digital scale, and (what seems to be a rarety for hotels) towels that were actually large enough. The room was also equipped with a very large LCD HDTV, and the bed was exceedingly comfortable. The staff was also exceedingly friendly, helpful, and courteous. Other ammentities included an indoor lap pool, jacuzzi, and a full service spa, and the best gym I've ever seen in a hotel. As you'd expect from an Intercontinental, it truly feels like an upscale hotel and a special experience. Can only say two negative things about our whole experience there. a) the parking fee is outlandish - $46 / night. b) The location may not be the best, depending on why you are visiting San Francisco. Basically, the hotel is situated at the southeast corner of what seems to be a nice area - immediately to the north and to the west are the Mascone Center (San Francisco's convention center), two malls, and a block or two further north is San Francisco's Museum of Modern Art. So if you want to visit the museum or you are attending a convention, the location is great. If you are like me, however, and like to explore on foot, most of the other main attractions are a pretty long ways away. Unfortunately, nothing to the south or the east looked too savory, I wouldn't really want to walk in that direction from the hotel. When I go back to San Francisco, I am definetly going to try and book this hotel.	
Jul 29 2008 	Cool Hotel	The hotel is convenient to everything. There is a mall approximately one block behind the hotel. Everything else is within walking distance, ie. cable cars, F train, shopping etc. The room was a wee bit small but exceptionally clean. The floor to ceiling windows provided for wonderful views. The bathroom was very modern and spacious. The beds were very comfortable. The maids ring the door bell to the room before entering. Check in and out was a breeze. The pictures from previous viewers of the hotel and rooms are exact. If you want great suggestions for resturants, ask for Earnest at the porter's station. He suggested, Sears Fine foods which was about a 1 mile walk towards Union Square. Great food. He also suggested an Italian Resturant down by the Fisherman's Wharf that's spelled something like Chiccolic. Wonderful, Wonderful food. Take either the trolley/cable car or the F train to Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf. If you are looking for tours, I suggest the San Francisco City tour and the brunch cruise by Viocor only. I would stay here again with no hesitation.	
Jul 29 2008 	Wonderful hotel	We had an excellent stay. Our room was clean and modern and we had an excellent view of the city from the 26th floor. The staff was attentive, friendly and went out of their way to make us feel welcome. The location is a bit a rough but undesirables can easily be avoided by walking down safer streets. The hotel staff happily mapped out a safe walking route to nearby attractions. We found the valet parking extremely expensive and unnecessary. Cheap parking is available in lots across the street for a quarter of the cost. Several restaurants are also within walking distance so don’t feel pressured to spring for breakfast at the hotel. One cost we couldn’t avoid was the Internet. It would have been nice if this charge was included. Bottom line: A wonderful hotel with excellent staff and great rooms. Just watch the extra charges, they add up quickly if you’re not careful.	
Jul 29 2008 	Lukewarm to Intercontinental SF	The hotel is new, clean and first class. We had 2 rooms both of similar (reasonable) size. One had a shower &amp; no tub, the other a tub shower. Great plasma TV.My only complaint (as with most expensive hotels) is that most things are an extra charge. Want to use the mini bar fridge? $30 charge to empty it (if you move a bottle in the mini bar it is electronically sensed and you get charged). Parking....$45 per night. Internet is an extra charge. Overall the hotel is lovely, &amp; comfortable. You need to consider whether the downtown location works for you. There are few moderate family restaurants very nearby.	
Jul 28 2008	Perfect Stay	My family stayed here for 6 nights on a vacation. We had booked two rooms, and the staff very kindly put us in rooms only two doors away. One of them was a corner room, and while it would normaly cost a lot more, the staff let us pay the standard room price. (Which we had booked.) Both rooms were spotlessly clean and had modern furnishings and amenities, and housekeeping did a good job for the most part. All rooms have high-def plasma TV's and i-Pod docking stations. All staff members were extremly profesional.I don't know why everyone complains about the location. Upon check in the desk clerk pulled out a map, clearly marked where not to go, and gave it to us. Pretty simple really. A short walk up Howard towards 4th gets you right in the middle of everything.During our stay we just had two minor problems. One time the maid replaced a shampoo bottle with body wash, and the floor to ceiling windows were rather dirty, not that there's much of a view anyway. This might not qaulify as a problem but the breakfast was extremely expensive, $25 a person expensive! If you want a really nice breakfast, I suggest going to one of the many Starbucks in the area, buy a few pastries, and go eat them in Union Square.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, for business or leisure.	
Jul 19 2008 	Don't head one street in the wrong direction	It looks new and clean and carrys the Intercontinental brand so we thougth we were safe. In 3 days we witnessed a mugging 30 feet from the front door, the next street across Sixth street is home of XXX rated cinemas and a high population of homeless people with untreated mental heath issues. The hotel charges extras for everything - parking $46 +tax per night,wifi at $15 per night, a roll away bed $30 per night, when you are already paying full price for a room for 2 chilren under 12! The staff haven't yet adopted the 'can do ' attitude for guests, together with its rough location means this will not be a repeat experience.	
Jul 18 2008 	Great hotel	Great hotel very sleek and modern in an ideal location for visiting the sites and for shopping.The room was well decorated, minimal, spacious, with a huge bed, big bathroom, coffee maker (but strangely no milk/cream or sugar), robes etc.Facilities - great pool which is actually a swimming pool not a paddling pool so you could do laps. great jacuzzi. The gym looked well equipped but we didn't try it (it was our holiday!). The outdoor terrace was great to sit out on when it was warm enough.Food - sorry can't comment as we didn't try the restaurant.	
Jul 15 2008 	Great hotel and service	We stayed at this hotel at the end of June for three nights, catching the end of their introductory rate. For $129/night, it was an unbelievable bargain. Although the location may be a concern for some, it is really only an extra block to the big hotels around Union Square and very convenient to public transport, both the BART, the F-line streetcar, and the cable cars. There is a great mall within a block with plenty of shopping and food options. We walked as far as the Ferry Building and also to AT&amp;T Park to catch a ball game with our infant and no problems.A nice large room with a large LCD TV wall-mounted and it was really nice to have all new furniture and fixtures. The Keurig coffeemaker in the room is very neat as well.Excellent concierge service and friendly service in the hotel bar when we needed boiling water to mix our little one's breakfast cereal each morning. The only thing I might suggest is getting rid of the old-style cribs with the metal bars and moving to the collapsible cribs with soft sides. This is hardly an issue though. A great hotel stay to start our trip.	
Jul 14 2008 	Okay but nothing special	Got a wonderful rate of $129 for a standard room. Can't complain at all about the rate. The hotel is modern and tastefully decorated. I got good value for what I paid. However, that said, the &quot;standard room&quot; did not meet my expectations of an Intercontinental Hotel. Apart from the flat screen TV and a nice large shower, it seemed more like a Mariott. The room was small and noisy, and had a view of an abandoned parking lot. Tip for other travelers -- if you don't want to hear sirens and traffic all night long, avoid rooms 03 &amp; 04, which face onto 5th street. Service was okay. Nothing to complain about but nothing to rave about either.	
Jul 14 2008 	Worst Service - EVER	I stayed at this hotel for four nights recently for a conference. It has quite simply, the rudest, most ignorant, unhelpful staff of any hotel I have ever stayed in.But let me go into detail.....I checked in at midday and was told my room was not ready. This was fine as, in fairness, i was early. I provided my credit card and passport details and was told by the reception person that I could leave my bag with the porters and pick up my key at any time after 3pm. I actually ended up returning to the hotel at 10pm, at which time there was a huge queue at reception. I asked the porter if he could get the key from reception for me but was told... in no uncertain terms... that he couldn't help. Now, having queued once that day, I wasn't about to do it again... so I stood to one side at the main desk and got one of the reception staffs attention while she was between guests. When I told her i was picking up a key she said &quot;You'll have to join the line.&quot; When I explained the situation she turned away, dealt with another customer and then asked me my name, which she eventually looked up in the system. She then told me that I hadn't in fact checked in and so would have &quot;to join the line.&quot; Now, I was getting a bit peeved at this point and told here there was no way I was joining the line. So... she ignored me... and ignored me... and ignored me... for at least ten minutes. I then asked to speak to her manager... and was ignored. So a few minutes later when it was clear that she wasn't getting the manager I asked again... so she left her post and went to the other end of the desk where her manager was also dealing with people. Great I thought.... the manager will be along now and we can get this sorted! How wrong I was! The manager also completely ignored me and left me standing there like a lemon! Eventually, and this is after a good half hour of waiting... I actually did join the line. I honestly couldn't believe it... they made a mistake checking me in (i still wonder just what did they do with my details the first time around) and I had to pay for it with my time. Unbelieveable.So, none too happy I asked to see a manager the next day. The only manager available was the head of security who came out &quot;Maffia style&quot; (i.e. flanked by a blank faced goon with an ear piece). In fairness to him, he listened to the issue and grudgingly apologised but didn't offer any remedial gesture what so ever. He also never explained why he felt it necessary to have his own personal security guard with him while listening to my complaint.This hotel is new and it shows. The staff are completely clueless as to how guests are normally treated in a hotel of this standard.As for the hotel and facilities... the public spaces are minimalist.... i.e. all the charm of an airport lounge. The rooms are nice but there are no baths which I know quite a few people didnt like.Ive stayed in top class hotels all over the world. This wasn't one of them.	
Jun 25 2008 	great service great accomodations	excellent service (both front desk and bar/restaurant), nice decor, comfortable bed, nice view from the room, highly recommend it if you want to be on that side of san francisco--ideal for business travelers.	
Jun 25 2008 	Average hotel at a great price	My husband and I styed at the Intercontinental on what may have been the hottest Friday of the season for San Francisco (6/20). The hotel staff is friendly, but no more so than any other upscale hotel in the city. The hotel is located across the street from the Museum of Modern Art, yet no mention was made of the Frida Kahlo show going on there. It wasn't until we were leaving the city that I realized the show was even there. I would expect more from a hotel that (normally) charges so much and is RIGHT ACROSS from the museum. I got a screamin' deal from Hotwire though, and would stay there again if I were able to get another such deal ($129/night).	
Jun 23 2008 	Excellent option	I had a great stay here and recommend this hotel. This was my first time in SF and I was worried about the location, but I found it worked really well. It is a short walk to market street with excellent transport connections. When I arrived I asked for a map and if there were any areas that may be best not to walk into and the chap on reception marked an area on the mapThe areas around the hotel seemed very safe to walk in and it is very easy to get to around. If you take one of the tours the companies will pick you up from the hotel and take you back. The hotel is very new and therefore clean and modern. I found all the people working there very friendly and helpful. The pool is lovely and I felt completely relaxed during my stay. The room was well equipped and very quiet. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel. I stayed for nine nights and loved the hotel which became a major part of a very enjoyable trip.	
Jun 18 2008 	Beautiful new hotel with small hotel service	Spent three nights at the new Intercontinental in May this year. We got a great rate as it had just opened. Generally I'm not keen on big impersonal hotels as I find that often you are treated as one of three hundred guests rather than getting great service - but I was thoroughly impressed by this hotel. The service was friendly and helpful, breakfasts fantastic and the rooms were gorgeous, with an amazing view whichever side you're on (try and get a high up room). We didn't have a bath in our room, but we didn't ask for one and I feel sure if requested you'd get one. But the bathroom was gorgeous with a massive walk-in shower. The hotel is about a 5 minute walk from the main shopping area, where the tram exchange is and about a 10-15 walk to union square - but we found the location great. It's hard to find a criticism, but if I had to I'd say the doormen seemed to be invisible - but hey I can open a door myself!	
Jun 17 2008 	Convenient InterContinental	I enjoyed my 3 night stay here. Staff were generally friendly and pro-active. I actually thought the location was good. It was very convenient for all the transport options in Market Street, the Powell Street cable car and shopping in the Westfield Centre and Union Square. However, the corner of Howard and 4th can be very windy!I stayed on the 33rd floor and had good views of the Bay and AT&amp;T stadium. The room was relaxing and comfortable and the bathroom was particularly good and the generous toiletries excellent. Housekeeping was very good. In a brand new hotel I might have expected international sockets at the desk rather than just 3 US ones.The Club Lounge on the 6th floor was pleasant and offered a good breakfast and nice range of drinks in the evenings. Club Reception staff were friendly and welcoming although those serving lacked the expected degree of professionalism. A 2pm check out is offered to club guests but this was readily extended to 4pm and guests are able to make use of the club facilities until they actually leave the hotel which is generous and useful if one has a late flight.The best staff I encountered were at the concierge desk – very friendly and helpful. The only disappointment was my actual arrival and departure – no assistance with luggage, no escort to the room, no enquiry as to the enjoyability of my stay.The hotel is business (especially conference delegates) orientated but that need not be a deterrent for tourists. I would return.	
Jun 4 2008 	Stay at the Club	Our stay:We stayed for nine nights and due to our Ambassador status we received a great upgrade to the club floor which is located on the 6th floor. Room:Our room was on the 31st floor (all club rooms are on the 31st and 32nd floor), and had a great view over the SF Bay. The room itself was not too large, but impeccably clean and new. The furnishing is very modern and bright. The bathroom was spacious and although the water pressure was a little low there was nothing to complain!Room Service:Adapting to SF styles we went for light foods, the best food we found was the bean soup. A little awkward is that the hotel charges the tip automatically, then 3$ for delivery, plus tax... we are not used to this coming from Europe. Pricing in general for f&amp;b is high, but a good Euro to USD rate helped us ignore the pricing a little...Air Conditioning / Bed:The airconditioning worked perfectly. You can change between Fahrenheit and Celsius, and the temperature can be regulated by .5 degrees.The bed was the best I slept in so far-and I travel a lot, and stay at top brands. But this bed beat everything, just like the linen! Perfect!The Club Level:It was very nice of the management to upgrade us to the club, as you enjoy breakfast and snacks during certain hours. Complimentary drinks are available all time. The only criticism we would have is that the service (f&amp;b) at the club is terribly aloof, and often is overwhelmed by their duty. Often plates piled up, cutlery was not exchanged (like at Hyatt), and often you had to ask for things which were then brought quickly though. All in all, if you stick around the city during the day, I would go for it again!In general the IC SF is a more business oriented hotel, but we meet other honeymooners, and casual guests. It did not disturb us, but if you are looking for a hotel with a typical californian atmosphere you would better look for another type of hotel.All in all our advise is, pay a little more for the room, and enjoy great views. The district is a bit run down but improving. In case you are looking for parking possibilities, there is a large parking garage a street away, max. 30 USD for 24h - we recommend this option more than the hotels valet parking 45USD.	
Jun 4 2008 	Overall a WONDERFUL place...service could have been a tad...	better. The hotel is gorgeous and seeing that it opened late February, the place is still wonderfully new. The rooms are nice and the views amazing. Very, very chic. I went with a couple of my friends and we requested a room with 2 queens, but they were out of those rooms the first night. After numerous calls on my part, the staff kept on asking me to call them back because they weren't sure what rooms would be available after cleaning. (Which I think was sort of a fib to try to discourage me.) Anyhow, we stuck with our room, although a bit cramped, the newness and cleanliness of it made up for it.	
Jun 3 2008 	A great hotel - well stay here again!	My husband and I spent part of our honeymoon in San Francisco and stayed at the Intercontinental. I cannot say enough about this hotel. It was just fabulous. The staff was courteous and attentive - always a smile and how can I help. Our room was on the 28th floor and overlooked the bay. The beds are super comfy and the room is large with great amenities; flat screen tv, ipod docking station, great minibar - even a scale! The hotel is only two blocks away from Market &amp; Powell so it's near by all tranportation - BART, Cable car, Muni. We hope to return to San Francisco again and I will definately return to this hotel.	
Jun 2 2008 	Excellent room and service!	I highly recommend the hotel if you want great amenities and service. The bay view from the 30th floor was amazing. The room was just like being at home: soothing colors, a super-comfortable king size bed, newspaper service in the morning, an iPod docking station, a shower with strong water pressure and room for two :D and toiletries that were worth taking home! The gym was big, and each treadmill had individual TVs! My home gym doesn't have this! The pool was just like an infinity pool and perfect for swimming laps. The spa was secluded from the entrance and it had a perfect view of the large LCD TV in the gym. Whoever planned that knew exactly what people want from a hot tub experience! The hotel is just as important to me as the sights in the city. Mark my words, this is the only hotel I will stay in when visiting the City!	
May 31 2008 	Great Experience for the Price	I recently stayed here when I was at a conference in late May, 2008. The first thing I noticed about this hotel is that it's absolutely gorgeous. Everything is absolutely pristine and new. One thing that blew me away about this hotel was the level of service. Every staff member was above and beyond curtious and helpful. Every time I left or came in there someone would greet me, and/or open the door for me. Security was also impressive. I accidentally left my door open a crack when I came back at one point and about 5 minute later there were two employees knocking on my door to make sure everything was ok. I ordered room service a few times and the food was a decent quality. I'd have to say it's a bit overpriced. I was a bit disappointed that I had to pay for wifi.	
May 31 2008 	Intercontinental Hotel - Great Soup!	The Sun Microsystems Identity Management Roadshow, at which I spoke, was held at the Intercontinental Hotel on May 28, 2005. I arrived the night before and was delighted with my room on the northeast corner of the 29th floor, with a magnificent view of the city and across the bay.An iHome clock radio on the nightstand allowed me to listen to my favorite music while charging my iPod - just like home. And it was the first hotel room where I could watch NBA Basketball in high definition on a large screen - better than home.The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I can remember sleeping in - it might have been better than home, except there was an empty spot where my wife should have been!But after all this, perhaps the best parts were the soups. The soups, you ask? Yes, the soups. For dinner the night of arrival, I had tomato bisque to accompany my cobb salad. I'm not much of a food connoisseur, but is &quot;exquisite&quot; an appropriate word? It was very good.The next day, the buffet lunch provided for the Roadshow participants included a mushroom soup that was just as delectable.One more thing ... the little plastic bottles of shampoo and lotion were shaped like like drops of rain (or tears). Not the reason I choose hotels, but a nice touch!And just think, with this much fun, I also got Priority Club points.	
May 27 2008 	Awesome	We stayed here for 4 nights and loved everything about it. All the personnel were wonderful and couldn’t do enough for you. The bed was the most comfortable bed I’ve ever slept in. It was a great location. We go to San Francisco 3-4 times a year and this will be my first choice for future stays. The only drawback was parking was pricey but that is expected in the city. ($46.00 plus tax)	
May 22 2008	Outstanding	I travel extensively, and this is a great property. The staff is friendly and attentive to every need. It's only 2 blocks from the BART station at Powell, so you can take the train from the airport and walk to the hotel. The room was VERY clean, comfortable, and quiet. High tech touches throughout. I will definitely stay here again.	
May 22 2008 	Lovely polished hotel	The new InterContinental Hotel San Francisco simply gleams. The rooms have floor-to-ceiling windows with astonishing views. Amenities include a flat-screen television, desk, upscale bath products, and a scale to check yourself after you gorge on the treats in the in-room bar. Even slippers are provided alongside the obligatory robe hanging in the closet. Downside: there are no ceramic coffee cups available to accompany the small coffee maker. In a room as nice as this, I want to linger while I adjust to time zone change, not run to the nearby convention center with a paper cup in hand. Also: no ATM on the premises or anywhere in a two-block radius.	
May 22 2008 	Most Comfortable Bed Ever!	We stayed at the Intercontinental San Francisco for two nights on May 16-18, and it was a pretty good experience for us.We paid USD$235 (excluding taxes) for their standard queen (in short what i would think is their cheapest room) because i think this weekend was a peak weekend- there was the bay to breakers run that took place right outside the hotel and was rather fun to watch.We loved the bed - it was by far the most comfortable bed we've been in. The mattress was nice and firm the the sheets and duvet nice and snug. I wanted to go to the gym (which upon inspection looked furnished with up to date equipment) but unfortunately on holiday this type of discipline is lacking. There was also an indoor pool which looked inviting but smelt rather strongly of chlorine.The lobby was quite minimalist-esque, and the rooms done up tastefully. They have a ton of channels on the tv, so while the tv menu guide is helpful, its just impossible to remember.Anyway, it was a pleasant stay, though i am wondering whether we were paying too much looking at what others have paid for their rooms!	
May 21 2008 	Great new hotel	This was an unexpectedly great hotel stay for two nights. A month ahead of time, I booked a two night stay for what I thought was going to be the Intercontinental Mark Hopkins. In the interim, after hearing about this new Intercontiental SF that recently opened, I had wished that I stayed there instead. Fortunately, on the day of check-in, I re-examined my itinerary and realized that I was indeed staying at the IC San Francisco. I had expectations of a nice place, but I was blown away by how nice the hotel was. Super-modern exterior, and excellent front door service. Was given a nice corner room on the 9th floor at check-in. The lobby was beautiful and modern, reminding me of something you would see at the W Hotel.Upon entering the room, we found a superplush bed, a 37&quot; LCD atop a beautiful dresser, floor to ceiling windows that wrapped around the corner of the room. The bathroom was just a nice, with a quiet, efficient toilet, and a shower/bath with a convex shower curtain-rod. Like many 4-5* hotels, each room has it's own doorbell(nice touch) and cool lighting decor outside room.The biggest surprise of our stay actually happened outside of our room the next morning. Turns out we were staying the weekend of the Bay to Breakers marathon, complete with &quot;runners&quot; in costume and many without any sort of costume, if you know what I mean.	
May 20 2008 	Great Stay at the Intercontinental	I got a great rate at this hotel through Travel Zoo and could not have been happier. I was spending 5 nights in San Francisco for a much needed vacation, and was a bit unsure of where to stay. I chose the Intercontinental as I enjoy modern design, and felt this hotel would provide me with a more comfortable stay than The Clift. I arrived several hours earlier than expected and was promptly checked in and upgraded from the king room I had booked to room 2103, a king executive corner room. Two walls of the very large room were floor to ceiling windows overlooking the city (including windows in the bathroom!). The views were truly spectacular, and I could not have been more pleased. The restaurant was really quite good (as I chose to eat there the first night) and the sommelier was excellent. After an extensive conversation she helped me choose the perfect bottle of champagne to accompany my dinner and then had the remaining sent to my room capped and chilled so I could enjoy a mimosa in the morning :) Now that's what I call great service!!The concierge was also exceptional and even though I knew a few restaurants that I wanted to go to (Absinthe in Hayes Valley and Blowfish Sushi) he also suggested Chez Papa, which I must say, was the best food I had in San Francisco. It is certainly not an inexpensive restaurant, but this is San Francisco, where I expect to spend a minimum of $75 per person each night at dinner.I also used the health club facilities which were first rate. I was very impressed that I could get a complete weight and cardio work out in, especially with my vacation eating/drinking habits. The only reason I did not rate this as an excellent experience has to do with the over all vibe of this hotel. I often stay at Four Seasons hotels for work, and while Intercontinental wants to believe this is a 4 verging on 5 star experience, it simply is not. The attitude and level of customer service is not even close, though it is much better than a typical Intercontinental.	
May 20 2008 	Everything was perfect	I stayed at the Intercontinental for a conference at the Moscone Convention Center and booked through the conference at their negotiated rate. Location to the convention center was perfect, only about a block and a half walk, though if I was sight seeing I guess the location would not have been ideal. That being said, I had an absolutely perfect stay. I arrived very late, around 1:30 or later in the morning, without any luggage as the airline had misplaced it. I checked in quickly, and was offered to have toothbrush and toothpaste brought up to the room by housekeeping. The check-in clerk made no mention of an upgrade, but when I walked into my room I could tell I had been-- it was a corner king room with two full walls of floor to ceiling windows, with gorgeous views (2420). The bed was super comfortable, very nice widescreen HD TV, large bathroom with plenty of towels. I could not complain about a single thing in the room-- it is definitely the nicest room I have ever stayed in. The concierge and bell man were both very helpful and friendly. The concierge also made a reservation for us on the spot at a nearby restaurant and this included a free appetizer because it was booked through the hotel. Once my luggage was brought to the hotel, the bellman brought it up quickly and apologized that I had to wait 5-10 minutes because of a mix up in room numbers-- after a full day, the 5 minutes didn't make a difference to me! Also, finding a cab in San Francisco seems to be a big problem but the guys working out front did it pretty quickly. All in all, a great stay and if I visit the Moscone Center again, I will definitely stay here!	
May 19 2008 	Nice Room Poor Service	First of all, if you are going to book on their website, keep checking back. The rates go up and down from in the mid 150's to the mid 250's for the same date.Our rate was $179 for a king. When I first called I asked if there was a room with 2 queens, since we have 3 small children. I was told that the room limit is 3 people due to fire safety. This was ridiculous so I ignored it.Both my wife and I lived in SF, so we are familiar with the area. The hotel is South of Market, very close to 6th street, one of the worst parts of the downtown area, rivaled only by the Tenderloin. You're not going to want to take nightly strolls heading South, and you don't want to park on the street (if you can find it). You'll be broken into. Upon arrival I was suprised at how small the driveway is. It was crowded with cars and difficult to unload. The lobby is small but nice, sort of like a W hotel. The rooms were very modern, and our view from the 26th floor looked out to the Eastbay. It was pretty, but the other side of the hotel, with views of the City, would have been better. Despite having asked that the liquor cabinet be locked electronically, it wasn't, and our 2 year old opened it, which, we were warned, would result in a charge. It did not. The prices were outrageous...$6.50 for a bag of peanut M&amp;Ms.We ordered an appetizer from room service. It was a very small sandwich with proscuitto on it. Delivered, it was $20 tip included, but the delivery guy still stood there waiting for a tip.When I checked in I asked that a pull out bed be delivered to the room, but was told to call roomservice once we were settled. We began calling at 9:00 p.m. Nothing came. We then called again at 10:00 p.m. Again nothing. A third call was made at midnight. Nothing. Finally at 2:00 a.m. I called and the bed was delivered. The guy said he was sorry and waived the charge for the bed. Nice.All in all, it's a good deal for $150-175 a night, it's clean, and has great views. The location is in a bit of a sketchy area, but it'll be safe as long as you only head North. I wouldn't even walk up 5th street at night. If you are going to Moscone Center, it's VERY close, and would be a perfect location.On another note, while we were leaving for dinner Saturday night, the bar was packed...with flamboyent gay men. Not sure how they found it, but this would appear to be the newest hotspot for this type. Not that there's anything wrong with that....	
May 19 2008 	Club InterContinental...totally worth it!	We saw a promotional rate for the grand opening on Travelzoo and decided to check out the new hotel in SoMa for a weekend getaway. In a word...stunning! We've stayed in hotels all over SF, the country and the world, and this was easily one of our best experiences EVER. Great service, beautiful room, wonderfully appointed, great food and beverage, perfect location...amazing! Each room is equipped with plenty of power outlets on the desk as well as both wired and wireless LAN (there's a charge in-room). An above and beyond nicety is an iPod dock/alarm radio.Pros: Stay on the Club InterContinental floors if you can. For us, it was only $40 more a night. With that comes the top 3 floors of the hotel (31-33) with stunning views, bigger rooms, and access to the exclusive Club level. I'm not sure if the gym and pool are available to the rest of the hotel for free, but the Club Lounge is definitely for Club guests only. The Club Lounge includes breakfast (7-11am), snacks (10:30am-3pm), afternoon tea (3-5pm), hors d'oeuvres (5:30-7:30pm) and dessert (7:30-10:30pm) everyday for FREE. Breakfast included a continental breakfast plus delicious fruit, scrambled eggs and freshly ground coffee. Hors d'oeuvres included snacks like mushroom pastries and mini-pizzas, as well as a FREE OPEN BAR. WOW. They charge non-club guests $40/pp if you bring them in. Beers in the room are $6, water is $4, alcohol is $9. All FREE in the club lounge. Internet, newspapers and magazines are also free in the lounge.Cons: The only thing I could complain about is that valet parking was $46 per night. But the club lounge more than made up for that, especially as we had front row seats watching Bay to Breakers from the lounge.	
May 18 2008	very enjoyale kind service great new rooms	Had an excellent stay over a weekend at the new Intercontinental recently. I agree with most of what has been written here and have no complaints at all. I loved the very comfortable Executive King room on the 23rd floor, with the broad corner view, giant flat-screen tv, and fluffy bathrobes. We were upgraded from a King Superior.It is a business hotel, but the staff were unbelievably warm and helpful. Everyone was, from the check in and concierge, to valets and housekeepers. I am an Intercontinental &quot;Ambassador&quot; member and had all my promised benefits recognized - something that is sometimes an issue.The only tiny thing I would change is that our bathroom needed towel hooks. Otherwise it was great. I hope they keep this place as sparkling as it is now, and that the staff maintain the kindness that we so appreciated. This will definitely be my SF hotel from now on.	
May 16 2008 	Super nice hotel - immature service	Great, clean hotel with terrific rooms and excellent facilities. HOWEVER, when I arrived in my room, the bed had clearly been sat on, the bottle of water was open and half empty, and two towels were used in the bathroom. Furthermore, the toilet had been used. I called the help line and they seemed annoyed that I would be concerned about it and said &quot;what do you want us to do, do you want a new towel?&quot;. VERY POOR SERVICE. Probably a function of being a new hotel with new staff.	
May 15 2008 	Great New Hotel	Stayed here for one night just before departing San Francisco for the drive down to LA,Booked a Junior Suite and was in room 2020.I was impressed with the corner location,a fabulous comfy King Size bed,the large HD TV ,the size of the room and very good bathroom facilities.Good Views from the corner room over to AT&amp;T park and Bay Bridge and not far to walk to the shops at Union squareUsed the Club room facility for free Internet useAte breakfast in the morning at the restaurant and thought my particular waiter was not up to scratch, bill was wrong and service was slow.At this standard of hotel you should not keep having to ask for things.Food was ok but I had eaten a lot better for less money around union squareLoved the Room, the lobby staff and door staff were very pleasant and made a great first impression. The Hotel car to the airport was also good value compared to Taxi's.Would stay again at the Hotel if i could get similar good weekend rate	
May 13 2008 	Just typical business hotel nothing more!	Stayed 2 nights in this hotel during my holidays. Got a great rate from travelzoo.Ok, it is all new, clean and not bad location if you like shopping in San Francisco ( Union sq is just a few blocks walking from the hotel). I must say hotel staff is indeed very friendly, happy and willing to help you. But beside that I do not understand excitement of the previous reviewers of this hotel. It is just one of typical business hotels with nothing really special... No ambiance at all. The gym room is far too small for such a big hotel, that was really dissapointment. The swimming pool is quite as long as there 2 or 3 swimmers you can do lap swimming.If you are on business and just need a good bed then this is perfect place. If you are on holidays or looking for the hotel with some ambiance, go somewhere else. And then again...if you are on business, wifi is not free of charge....Come on...who charges for wifi these days?? In most of the hotels wifi is complimentary and part of the service....	
May 8 2008 	Intercontinental Happiest Place on Earth	I recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel San Francisco for a conference next door at the Moscone Center in the downtown district -- and was most impressed with the happy staff. These people were genuinely giddy with their luck at having landed a job at the new property. They're proud of the place and it just shows in their attitude toward guests.I paid a slightly higher price to be located on one of their coveted &quot;Club Floors&quot; but was well rewarded for the price difference. The club was open most all of the day and evening hours and was always staffed, again, with those happy and friendly employees.Checking out of this hotel, I actually felt a small sadness that I would be leaving -- a first for me when it comes to business travel.I highly recommend this hotel and can't wait till I have another assignment in San Francisco (I'm a medical writer).	
May 4 2008 	Excellent service.	Beautiful brand new hotel in the heart of San Francisco's business district.	
May 1 2008 	Loved It -- but not cheap.	Stayed in a Jr. Suite on the 15th floor. Had a beautiful room with a fantastic view. It was the perfect weekend getaway for my wife and me. The extra charges can pile up quickly. For us = $15 internet, $52 valet parking, $12 movie, $30 breakfast. Of course we could've not gotten some of those things, but this was our weekend to splurge on ourselves. Our room wasn't finished when we arrived (2hrs before check-in) and they called us on our cell phone to let us know our room was ready. They had taken our bags up to the room and everything was ready for us.	
Apr 27 2008	Wonderful	We loved this hotel. It's brand new (opened February 2008) and beautiful. We stayed in a Jr. Suite on the 26th floor with an amazing view of the city, Bay Bridge, and Bay. Service was friendly, and we got a package that included parking and breakfast especially for CA residents. Great bed, robes, bathtub, food, etc. Highly recommended. They also gave us champagne, candles, and rose petals on the bed since we'd mentioned it was our wedding anniversary!	
Apr 27 2008 	Very good stay	I had a wonderful week long stay here. I paid $229 per night for a king deluxe room on the 29th floor (there are 33 floors and the top 3 floors are special amentity rooms).Overall, I was very pleased and had a very nice stay. The hotel is brand new, of course clean and comfortable and staff was nice and accomodating.The only minor complaints that I have are the rooms are average for size and reminded me of a suburban Marriott - Residence Inn or similiar. The bathroom didn't have a tub and there is sliding bathroom door and that smashes loudly if you close it too fast. It's also noisey when opened during the night.I found the down pillows to be just TOO soft. I couldn't get comfortable. Just my personal taste but don't like such soft pillows. I'm sure if you ask, they'd have something else, but I didn't get around to it.The coffee maker brews one cup at a time, using special ground cups. It wasn't too difficult getting more, I left the maid a note asking for 6 and she gave them to me twice. I was happy, I love coffee.The TV is a nice hdtv model, probably 40-40&quot;. They had lots of movies to order and lots of channels. A great deal if you want to watch tv while there.The Internet wi-fi is expensive. I bought the package plan for $59 for 5 days rather than the $15 per day.The lobby bar serves $8 pints of beer and cocktails of course. But after walking for what seemed like miles one day it tasted so good and cold, refreshing and was nice to relax. The also offered some asian crackers and nuts with the drink.The restaurant is also nice, albeit a bit pricey for just a quick dinner -- not unexpected for a hotel restaurant. It's nouveu Italian, fancy pasta and meat dishes -- very fancy, the trendy &quot;foam&quot; and all. It was about $30 for entree, pasta dishes closer to $20. Entrees are a la carte, sides, vegetables, etc. $6. Dinner for 2 with just water to drink was $72 with tax and tip.The concierge has an excellent printed list of nearby restaurants with walking directions, a variety of cuisines and price ranges. Typically restaurants in this area are going to run around the price of the hotel restaurants. There are some inexpensive quick restaurants in the food court of the mall one block from the hotel.We purchased a &quot;muni passport&quot; at the airport for $24. It was a 7-day pass. There are also 3-day and 1-day passes. It is a great bargain considering cable cars are $5 each way and it is two trips over to fisherman's wharf. We used the cable cars and muni rail cars to get around town. We didn't take any of the traditional busses. Muni is the name of the city bus system -- they have cable cars, light rail and busses. It doesn't include the Bart regional rail system.The hotel is in the convention area of the city. An a short few blocks to the union square shopping area. Everything else is a cab or muni ride away.	
Apr 19 2008 	In one word...Amazing!!	My husband and I celebrated our wedding anniversary the weekend of the 11th. I am very picky about hotels, usually enjoy Vegas style rooms and this far exceeded my expectations. The staff was wonderful. Didn't use the spa or pool area so can't comment on that. The room was on the 15th floor with an incredible city view. Had a huge suite. Next time, would stay on the other side of the building for a bay view and higher up. Clean, fresh, comfortable. Told them about our anniversary, had a bottle of champagne on ice and glasses waiting for us. Rose petals on bed at night. Huge bathroom with full wall of windows. Only downside, breakfast buffet is very limited. Good food but my hubby is very picky and the only main egg plate was a crab scrambled egg on a muffin. Also, very small area to eat. Walking distance to Union Square and cable cars (to get you to pier 39/fishermans warf). Parking is expensive but was able to park the car across the street for $50 for the whole weekend (didn't use car once). Didn't eat at restaurant. Actually, had dinner at great place called John's steakhouse. very quaint, busy, crowded (have to like that atmosphere) and fantastic steak and halibut. Will be staying here again, for sure!!	
Apr 15 2008 	Give it time...!	I stayed at this hotel for a long weekend with my boyfriend who often stays at IC hotels throughout the world. We were given a beautiful suite with access to the Club which provides breakfast and afternoon cocktails. Overall, it's a very nice modern hotel with well appointed rooms and incredible views (at least on the higher floors). The outside terraces are also a nice touch especially when the weather cooperates.The location is central enough but as other reviewers have mentioned taxi drivers aren't necessarily aware of the location, which is a hassle not only getting to the hotel, but getting a cab out front as well. We experienced several issues during our stay:lost room service order (they wrote down the wrong room #); a FedEx package was never brought up even though it was received 2 days prior; a call ahead for a taxi was never honored; and the Club repeatedly ran out of food/wine/clean plates, etc. I did use the I-spa for 2 separate treatments and they were both fantastic and without any issues. I'm sure all of the problems here will be resolved once they work through all of the kinks. I would give it another try in a few months.	
Apr 15 2008 	Back in the 'hood...my how it's changing	This trip was business for my husband, pleasure for me. I used to work at 3rd &amp; Howard in a big red building, so coming back to the area was like coming home. This area of SOMA is changing drastically, and for the good. It's good to see some good neighbors arriving on the street. Though I can't say the Intercontinental Building is a thriller on the outside, our room was great on the inside. The hotel lobby is nice and clean, though not really full of a lot of personality. The staff was still adjusting, but super nice and welcoming. The moment we walked in the room, 1903, I knew I was on vacation - it was perfect for what we were looking for. Usually we like smaller boutique hotels, but the anonymity was nice on this trip. We loved the south and west facing views from our room, the floor to ceiling windows wrapped around the corner, and the sun streaming in during the late afternoon. At night we loved just coming in the room and leaving the lights off and seeing the life of the city. In the morning it was nice to drink coffee and watch people as they walked to work.The bed was probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in, the pillows were great (no neck cramps!), the room was immaculately clean (it's brand new), it was quiet at night. I do have to say the last two nights someone was next door and I could hear them a little through the wall, but overall the hotel was very quiet (I think maybe in part because it wasn't full, but also because I think it is built well). It was great to have the park right by too - huge bonus!The downsides were being right on 5th I would be a little guarded about walking around at night by myself as a woman. I've stayed in busier areas in SF before and felt fine coming home later at night as a single woman business traveller, but this area is still a little sketchy. Don't go past 5th, always stay to 4th and down. The internet was not free here - HUGE downer. It was $15/day. On the plus side you can check-in online for free in the business center. This hotel is definitely designed to bump up the business traveler's expense report. Beware room service and the automated fridge. It was nice there was a small &quot;personal&quot; area in the fridge so you can go to Whole Foods nearby and get yogurt and oj for the morning.I had a great time here and would come back again if the price was right, just because I love SOMA.	
Apr 14 2008 	Great New Hotel by the Convention Center but Staff Needs Some Help		
Apr 13 2008 	Excellent hotel--but watch out for the upcharges!		
Mar 31 2008 	Stay here!		
Mar 30 2008 	Very nice...		
Mar 28 2008 	Terrific Hotel		
Mar 26 2008 	wonderful Anniversary		
Mar 19 2008	Meets Expectations		
Mar 17 2008 	Nice but not quite world class		
Mar 11 2008	Great stay		
Mar 11 2008 	Still working on the details		
Nov 16 2009 	?????????		
Nov 4 2009 	excellent hotel		
Oct 7 2009 	Sehr empfehlenswertes Business-Hotel		
Sep 20 2009 	???		
Sep 2 2009 	Magnifique		
Sep 1 2009 	Sotto le aspettative		
Aug 20 2009 	Top-Hotel		
Jun 18 2009 	Jedes Extra kostet		
Mar 5 2009 	Belle camere pulite e buona posizione		
Mar 3 2009	Schick und steril		
Feb 26 2009 	Superbe hôtel		
Jan 13 2009 	??????????????????		
Oct 10 2008 	che dire...favoloso...		
Sep 30 2008 	Buena opcion pero no volvere.		
Sep 28 2008 	Super schönes sauberes und komfortables Zimmer		
Sep 11 2008 	¡Muy bueno!		
Sep 10 2008 	hôtel magnifique ! A ne pas manquer !		
Sep 4 2008 	Muy buen hotel a buen precio		
Jun 3 2008 	Vue à couper le souffle		
