	Elegant sedate 	Always wanted to stay here, used to be Park Hyatt. Great location away from Market St (8 min walk), but close to Hyatt Regency meeting location (5 min walk). Hotel anchors the western end of the Embarcadero Center Shopping towers - unfortunately many empty/closed stores. Still, close to great restaurants in North Beach &amp; Embarcadero/Market (One Market, Slated Door, Kokkari). Hotel has a sleek modern feel as one enters the lobby/bar area. Fitness room is compact but is well equipped. Firm comfortable beds w/high quality linens (pillows were too soft for my taste). Lots of good lighting for reading &amp; work. Flat screen TV had added feature of easy access media outlets for using with iPods, videos etc - very useful! Can be noisy due to sirens from firehouse station 1 block away, but I would gladly stay here again.	
	Fantastic location easy access to cable cars and the BART walking distance to Union Square	They upgraded us from an Executive King to a Studio Suite. Amenities are great ... IPOD docking station on the room. Literally across the stree from the Embarcadero Shopping Centre. 3 blocks from Union Square. 2 blocks from trolleys. I would stay here a million times over. Staff is quick to serve. Only downfall: the guy who checked us out was a tad bit rude.	
Nov 25 2009 	A fine place to stay in SF	I just spent 4 night at Le Meridien and must say I was very impressed. I selected this hotel because it was recommended to me by a colleague and because of the location, inthe financial district. As other reviewers have already, thisis a great hotel: the service was efficient, the rooms were ultra clean, spacious and modern (bathroom with shower over tub), fantastic location very close to the embarcadero. There is free coffee in the morning in the lobby area. There are even cricket sounds in the elevators to make you feel relaxed!There is a big shopping centre across the street.For me the only drwaback was that the internet in the room is not free: about $13 per night - this is annoying ad a bit much, especially consiering they must attract a lot of busines travellers due to the hotel location.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great location excellent service comfortable great views!	Great hotel in SF! We normally stay in Union square to be in the center of shopping area. But we saw this hotel for a great price this past weekend and decided to take a chance. Here are some thoughts:Great location (if you don't mind walking): 5 min walk to Embarcadero/ Ferry building/views of Bay bridge, 10 min walk to North Beach (italian district with great restaurants), 15-20 min walk to Union Square. I am pregnant, so maybe you could walk there faster! We were also able to find ways to get around without having to walk up too many steep hills. Close to public transportation.Room: We booked the smallest room (Classic Corporate Room, king bed). The bathroom wasn't cramped/ super spacious, but just right, felt a little luxurious. The room was a little small, but well kept, clean, decor was modern/ very nice, flat screen t.v. I can only imagine what the larger rooms are like. King bed was very comfortable! We didn't spend much time in here but to sleep and get ready so it was perfect. We got a room with a balcony with a beautiful night and day view of the bridge! Lovely! There wasn't a coffee pot in the room.Service: The concierge and check-in was great, all the staff were very helpful and courteous. Parking: ~$52/night at the hotel, $36 at a near-by lot, free street parking in the evenings and on Sunday! (we took advantage of free parking!)Totally recommend this hotel to anyone. It didn't feel cramped/ dingy. The hotel didn't feel old/worn out. It felt luxurious and special. The area wasn't bustling with cars or homeless in front of the hotel (on the weekend at least). It felt safe.	
Nov 11 2009 	Awesome Hotel!	Loved this place; have nothing bad to say about it whatsoever. The staff was helpful and accommodating with our room requests and the concierge was great! We had gorgeous views and our room was very spacious and modern. Seemed fairly centrally located (and off some of the busier streets, which was nice). Would definitely come back!	
Nov 11 2009 	great upscale hotel in financial district	This is a great upscale hotel adjacent to the embarcadero area of the financial district. Common areas are not so common and rooms are good sized with tasteful decor. Staff was friendly and accomadating. Complimentary coffee in lobby every morning was nice. Highly recommend even if wanting to spend time at fishermans wharf and union square. They are not far away. Only negative is valet parking cost will take your breath away.	
Nov 11 2009 	great hotel	Since it's located in the financial district, we got a great deal here while staying the weekend. Only a few blocks away from North Beach and the Embarcadero. Buses and BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) are just down the street. We took BART from the airport (both Oakland and SFO have routes) and never had to rent a car while in the city. A lovely, professional, hotel!	
Nov 4 2009 	Best place to stay in San Francisco	I booked a room for the very first time at Le Meridien, San Francisco with a friend. I had no idea what to expect, but shortly after arrival it became clear that this hotel is really the best place to stay in San Francisco. It's spotless, modern, elegant and service is everything you'd expect and more. Beautiful lobby, lounge and restaurant. The Room was spacious, pristine and well designed. We had a great view too. I loved every minute of our stay. I'm sure you would too, it really is the place to stay when in San Francisco.	
Nov 1 2009	My Favorite Hotel in San Francisco!	This is m favorite hotel in San Francisco. The service is top-notch at the restaurant and lobby bar, and the housekeepers are great too! The LM is located close to all the action but is on a quiet side street. The rooms are also very plush and comfortable.	
Oct 31 2009 	First Class	This is my second stay and once again I wasn't disappointed. The high level of service, attention to detail, and logistics made me feel appreciated. I truly enjoy all the comforts and amenities this hotel has to provide. Very well located. Arranging a last minute meeting was handled with professionalism and care. The whole experience was truly first class.	
Oct 30 2009 	Financial District location is good – at least on a week day	Here for one night using Starwood points – were upgraded to a suite, which had lovely views of Bay Bridge from the balcony. Could see our cruise ship dock the next morning when we leaned out a bit! Sitting room, bedroom, bathroom were very comfortable and generously sized. A view from the shower also. Have not stayed in this area before, feared it might be too quiet - but it seemed quite lively, at least on a week night. The nearby Embarcadero Center is linked by a footbridge to the hotel, with a number of restaurants in all price categories, and many shops. Had dinner at nearby Schroeder’s Cafe, since we cannot resist a German restaurant. The food was nice enough, if far from the best German food we have ever had –Schroeder’s has been around since 1893 (in different locations) so was an interesting experience. Sometimes it is just fun to visit a “stuck-in-the-past” restaurant. Clearly the place for Happy Hours and beer in a glass boot. Did eat at the hotel for breakfast, a nice meal in a pleasant dining room (expensive – but there are many cheaper options nearby, and Starbucks). Would stay here again, as we liked the location better than other SFO locations we’ve experienced.	
Oct 28 2009 	best in San Fran	We have stayed at alot of hotels in San Fran. This Hotel stands out. We like it so much that we are returning in December.	
Oct 27 2009 	excellent birthday get-away	This spectacular hotel and staff cater to those who expect the finest accommodations. In the heart of San Francisco's financial district, the location is ideal for a business traveler who wants to be close to the pulse of business, fine dining in the city, shopping at Union Square, and entertainment ranging from North Beach clubs to the Theater District.Le Meridien San Francisco is wonderfully kept and offers breathtaking Bay views. The staff was most gracious to make my birthday event quite memorable.Thank you!	
Oct 27 2009 	Excellent place to stay!	We have stayed at this hotel many times and will continue coming back since it is our favorite in SF. The rooms are beautiful and the staff is always top notch. I left my jewelry in the safe once and they found it all and actually met me at a convenient location and gave it to me! They usually upgrade us to a junior suite when they are available. It is a perfect location for us and though this trip we were in SF for pleasure, I have stayed here as well for business. Last year we traveled to Barcelona and general manager of this hotel put us in contact with the GM at Le Meridien in Barcelona - we had a fabulous time there as well! To us it is more like a 5 star than a 4 star. I highly recommend it!	
Oct 27 2009 	The entire staff was responsive to our needs	A number of colleagues and I stayed at the LeMeridien for business and could not believe we found a hotel that met every one of our needs. They cater to the business sector but the staff was extremely friendly and the service was exceptional. We have referred this hotel to other people in our business and all of them have found the hotel to be superior.	
Oct 27 2009 	Perfect Place	A great hotel!! All compliments!! Short walk to China Town (my fav place in SF). Nordstrom is closeby too even just to window shop. Lots of things to do within a 10-20 minute walk/radius. But tehn again, thats San Francisco.	
Oct 20 2009 	Fantastic Location--I'll definintely be a repeat guest here.	Had an amazing view of Coit Tower and Transamerica building from our room, #1907, &quot;executive room&quot; category. It's part of the Starwood/Sheraton Family so, ahhh, the Sheraton Sweet Sleeper Bed is part of the package...in my opinion, the best hotel bed around. My 85 yr. old mother accompanied me; she uses a cane and my arm for stability. I can't say enough about the attentive staff...especially the wonderful bellmen, front desk and concierge who all went above and beyond to assist us with bags, taxis etc. due to her limited walking abilities. Had the best Chinese Food we've ever had at Oriental Pearl only a few blocks away...certainly close enough to walk, but we took a taxi. Can't wait to do a complete repeat of our trip.	
Oct 20 2009 	Beautiful hotel	Great location in SF. Room was spacious, modern and clean. Had a little issue with low water pressure in the shower, hotel said it was because I was on the top floor (!?). Really no other complaints.	
Oct 12 2009 	Clean and comfortable	Stayed at this hotel for a few days in Aug for training. The hotel's location isn't bad. About a couple of miles to Union Square and a mile from fishermen's warf. Took California 1 bus to Chinatown. Hotel does look as extravegant as other Le Meridien aroudn the world but a nice and pleasant stay.	
Oct 8 2009 	good location	We were only in San Francisco for one night. We stayed on a Friday night which made the cost of the room alot less than if you were staying here during the weekday. This hotel is in the financial district. Closeby to the terminals for the ferries and cablecars. Walking distance to Union Square, Chinatown, and if you don't mind walking up a steep hill, Nob Hill area. The hotel is clean and the staff was always very helpful. I wouldn't consider this a luxury hotel if I had to pay full price for a room. My only complaint is the cost to eat in the restaurant. The french toast was delicious, but not worth $60. for 2 coffees, juice and omellette and bacon. If you choose to stay here, there are plenty of places to eat breakfast when you leave the hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very nice room - great service - expensive parking.	This has to be one of the best Hotels that I have stayed in. The service was wonderful, the fridge was well stocked, and the room was very nice. The bed was comfortable and the maid service was excellent. I would definitely stay here again. The only down side - The price per night is on the expensive side and parking is $50 per night. The internet is not free - $12.95 per night.	
Oct 8 2009	Le Meridien was affordably luxurious with a location that can't be beat!	I purchased a King Tut exhibit package and of the participating hotels, the Le Meridien had the best price and was super accessible to public transportation as well as the Embarcadero and great shopping. I received VIP tickets included in the price of my room, which was unbelievably cheap. When I checked in I was greeted professionally and treated like royalty throughout my stay. My room had a lovely view of the bay and the bay bridge. At check out my bill was higher than I had expected. I had my confirmation with me and the staff was very professional. It seems that the webmaster had made a pricing error and a handful of reservations were made before they caught it. They honored the rate no problem. I will definitely stay there again.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Hotel in a nice location	My boyfriend and I stayed here four 3 nights at the beginning of October 09. This was my first time to San Francisco and I was not sure what to expect. With that said, I thought this hotel was very nice! It is located in the Financial District and is just a short walk to the shops and a quick cab or trolly ride to the Wharf, Nob Hill, etc. We took the cable car up California and got off at Grace Cathedral and walked back to the hotel through China Town. It was an easy walk going down. We had rented a car and the valet service was very accommodating and very prompt with retrieving the car. The conceirge was very helpful and suggested a great sushi restaurant for us about a 10 minutes walk away. The rooms were a decent size and the king size bed was one of the best i've ever slept in. The pillows were huge and the comforter was awesome! We had a corner room and we could partially see (around the buildings) the sun rise over the bay bridge in the morning. The only downfalls were the internet was not free unless you use the business center (I think) otherwise it was $12.95 a day and some of the restraurants around the hotel were not open late, just during the day for lunch because it is the financial district and everyone leaves after 5. The Elephant bar across the street has a lot of great local beers on tap and serves some pretty good reasonably priced food as well! We also ordered room service after 10:30 one night, it was pretty expensive but we surprisingly very good.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great hotel	Great hotel, great value and not too bad a location, in the financial district. The staff were extremely helpful and my only quibble was that wi-fi wasn't free! Would definitiely stay here again.	
Sep 28 2009 	Stupendous -- a five-star experience!!	Le Meridien San Francisco is a spectacular hotel, conveniently located near the Embarcadero BART and Muni subway station, the California St. cable car and the historic Ferry Building and marketplace.We booked through Priceline, our bid of $91/night for 5 nights was accepted, and we took advantage of a Priceline bonus cash offer that slashed our rate to an amazing $81/night.We got a room with a king bed on the 19th floor that offered a view of the Bay Bridge. The room was beautiful, modern and clean, words that also could describe the hotel itself.We took advantage of Le Meridien's many nice amenities, including: bathrobe and bathroom scale in the room; free Starbucks coffee in the lobby each morning, complete with your choice of sugar in packets or cubes; free copies of the San Francisco Chronicle on each floor and free copies of national papers in the lobby (but get there early if you want the New York Times, because they go quickly); a large fitness facility with a nice variety of equipment, all in good working order, and fresh apples for the taking; free laundering of gym clothes.The room even had a CD player, though we never used it.The only drawback was the steep, $13/day charge for Internet service. I don't get why upscale hotels still gouge guests in this manner.	
Sep 23 2009 	may I move in forever please	This was a wonderful hotel and I only wish I could have stayed longer. I checked in late after a long flight and I have no idea how they knew who I was on sight. They had very kindly upgraded me to the penthouse suite which was awesome. Great views, great jacuzzi, bed to die for. My only problem was that I kept getting lost trying to find one of the loos. A very small complaint and one that I would happily repeat. The staff was wonderful. In the past, I have had an issue with Le Meridiens. The rooms tend to be lovely but tiny and the staff just a tad bit on the haughty/cranky side. Not the case here. I did have a snoop at some of the other rooms which were spacious and well decorated. Can only assume the beds were equally comfy. I didn't think it was a good idea to try them out while the maid was calling for a new key. Yes, I locked myself out. I was too busy enjoying the room to try out any of the facilities but if they are as good as the room then they rock. The location is great down on the Embarcadero and therefor close to lots. Another bit about the staff. I had to call a day later since I thought I left my reading glasses. Housekeeping, once I told them the room number knew my name without a pause to look it up. Anyway, the glasses were not there but they did find my phone charger.I may never get the penthouse suite again but this is my new hotel of choice in SF	
Sep 19 2009 	Good quality hotel	Booked this hotel after reading good reviews and then being able to get a good deal for our stay. We stayed in an Executive King Bay view room and it was excellent. The bed was large and very comfortable and the room itself was a good size and the view was nice. The location of the hotel is ok as long as you don't mind walking. Union Square is about a 10-15 minute walk away, the Embarcadero is only 5 minutes away as is the nearest BART station. Chinatown is nearby and a little bit up the road is North Beach. We stayed over the weekend and Labor Day so the Financial District was very quiet, especially at night.	
Sep 11 2009 	Just OK	This hotel is nice, but I expect more from a 4-star hotel. The room was a respectable size and well appointed, but the view (we were in a deluxe king on the second to top floor) was not so great for a &quot;great view&quot; room because the view of the bay/bay bridge was partially blocked by other buildings (if you really want a great view, go to the Mandrin Oriental).The room was overall quite clean, but I have to fail them on cleanliness because I could overlook the clump of hair in the corner of the bathroom, but the soap build-up on the soap holder in the shower was disgusting. Front desk were polite, at best. Concierge--one was EXCELLENT, but the others were just OK (only answering exactly what you ask and nothing more). Doorman--the big bulky guy was lazy, unfriendly and did not even open the door, hail us a cab or smile, but the one thin guy with glasses and curly hair was very nice and offered to help us out of the taxi and actually hailed a taxi for us. Location: again, just average for leisure because there are other 4-star hotels right on California street. For business, battery street is probably just fine.Would I go back? Probably not.	
Sep 9 2009 	have stayed there several times fantastic all around!	great hotel, service, excellent views, comfortable and clean - no negatives. Good location for business, but the area is pretty quiet during weekends. Not necessarily a drawback though as it is a reasonably easy walk to north beach, union square and other areas.But the hotel itself is one of the nicer ones I've stayed at, and would definitely recommend to anyone. The only complaint was that we had some especially loud neighbors in the next room, but for a change it was because of their volume and not necessarily the &quot;thin walls&quot; of a hotel.	
Sep 7 2009 	Amazing stay!	really comfortable beds and pillows... i can't express how comfortabe the stay was..definately wouldn't mind coming back again!incredibly friendly staff and the concierge was incredibly friendly.	
Sep 6 2009 	Just perfect - the staff and the views are amazing	We stayed at Le Meridien last night in Room 2408, which has a truly amazing view that stretches from the Transamerica building on the left to Coit Tower to the Bay Bridge on the right. The staff was fantastic (we got a free upgrade on checkin because the hotel wasn't full), and the room was clean, modern without being crazy, and well-designed. Liked the bed a lot, but the pillows were a bit too large. We're Bay Area residents just staying in the city overnight for a show, but I'd stay here again for sure.	
Sep 6 2009 	Good hotel - not spectacular	We stayed in the Meridien in SF during the final three days of our three week holidays in California. We got upgraded to a 1-bedroom suite which interestingly enough is in fact one room, not a seperate bedroom. The room had an ok view, we could see a small part of the Bay Bridge. The hotel was good, but the room including the bathroom looked a bit 'tired' and was lacking the 'wow' factor. The bed was very comfortable. There was a nice iPod docking station to play music in the room Overall, had expected a little more from a Meridien, especially for the price we paid and taking into the account the free upgrade.Staff was friendly and helpful. Breakfast was good but pricey for what we got. Location is good - approx 15 minutes walk to Fisherman's Wharf and 10 minutes to the centre. We had dinner at the Kokkari restaurant which is excellent and only 3 minutes walk from the hotel - check their tripadvisor listing. There is (non-free) wireless internet in the room but from our room we could also pick up a free wireless signal from cafe's/bar nearby.We had a great time in SF - the Meridien was ok but not as good as expected, we may try the Westin next time.	
Sep 5 2009 	Nice big rooms	We arrived back in San Francisco after touring wine country and Yosemite. We had a final night in SF before heading back home. The lobby is nice and the people were great. We arrived before check-in time and they were able to get us in a room. The room itself was really nice. Had a king sized bed with huge flat-screen TV that rotated 180 degrees (to face either bed or living area). There was a nice workstation and living area (couch, side chair, coffee table). Bathroom was huge too. Separate shower and bath. Lots of towels provided. Everything very clean. The only drawback was that there was no coffeemaker. I like tea all day long, so, I called the operator who said that the hotel has free coffee in the lobby in the mornings but offered to send up a coffeemaker for me. I accepted and it arrived on a tray with all the attendant necessities in no time.Concierge in the lobby was able to direct us to a great sushi joint and called ahead to make sure we'd arrive before the kitchen closed --- we just made it! Parking is outrageous -- I would definitely recommend using a garage.	
Aug 25 2009 	Very Nice Hotel in a Great Location	Our room was gorgeous. Granite tile an vanity in the bathroom. Very spacious. Our window looked out onto Transamerica Pyramid, Coit Tower, the Bay, and pretty much the entire city in between. Amazing. The concierge always gave good recommendations for dining as well. We were about a 4 block walk from the historic ferry building and an adjacent streetcar stop to take you up to Fisherman's Wharf. This location was way better than staying at the wharf because it was quiet and closer to OTHER attractions than just Pier 39. Also, they have a free, 24-hour bussiness center, so don't pay for internet if you just want to do a few things.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great Location easy to find!	On Sale.We booked this room because it was 35% off. We stayed 4 days in July and August. The room was great!The staff was great (Flat screen TV developed a problem and a service tech showed up within a 1/2 hour and replaced the TV). There is NO HDTV.Location is everything with this hotel. 4 blocks from the Bay/Ferry Building. The Embarcadaro is a 4 block high-rise with a mall in the lower levels. (picture attached) After the mall is the hotel with the TransAmerican building next but to the right. ChinaTown is a few blocks away.We had an expensive lunch and breakfast in the hotel. However that said most of downtown San Francisco restaurants were expensive.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great anniversary weekend	This was our 2nd stay at this hotel. We love the location near restaurants and shops. It is an upscale hotel with good rates and very helpful concierge staff. Some of the rooms have a view of the Bay Bridge. The room was spacious with comfy pillows. Not so sure of the mattress. Does not have the shower curtain that bows out yet.To top it all off, the weather was sunny and warm.	
Aug 20 2009 	Perfect stay at the Le Méridien San Francisco	We arrived on BART and it was just a little walk to the hotel, easy enough even with luggage. Check in was quick with a very personable fellow, upgraded to the Chantrelle suite ( the name was either a mushroom or a french battle) very nice two room suite on the corner of the building, over looking the Ferry building and bay. No coffee in the room, som sort of Le Meridian thing I think. Bed was super comfortable, bathroom large and very trendy but well laid out. Concierge was very efficient and helpful. Room service was very good and prompt. Location is at the end of Embacadero, many coffee places near by as well as a Safeway	
Aug 14 2009 	Very Nice	I loved this hotel. It was very clean and comfortable. A little pricey but they met my gov't per diem so I definitely feel I got my money's worth. Within walking distance of all the downtown attractions. I only used public transportation once, which was the trolley, only because it's such an historic part of downtown. Concierge was excellent. Only one negative to watch.... when checking out, there was a $93 tab for the mini-bar which was not mine. It showed on the second day of my stay so it must have been the occupant before me. The check-out guy still kept it added in my bill, even after telling me it was deducted. Had to call accounting once I was home to get this charge taken off. It was a hassle. Be careful. Oh... and $49 per night for parking.	
Aug 14 2009 	Lovely hotel great location good service.	My husband and I ended our Northern Cal. excursion by staying the last two days at the Le Meridian. I booked through my Amex travel and had room upgrade, $85 food/beverage credit, breakfast vouchers and some other perks. We thought it was a lovely place, really good location, walking distance to lots of sites, places. Our room had a fab view of the bay and bridge, food was good, everyone was very friendly. Across the street was a nice little local pub, we went by each day for a beer. Lots of great places to eat right there. We walked around the corner to Tadish Grill on the recommendation of the &quot;locals&quot;, it was wonderful! Really old school San Francisco, watied at the bar for our table, really fun. I would definitely go back to this place.	
Aug 13 2009 	Can't go wrong	I'll echo what others have said. Nice rooms, very comfy beds, stylish decor and helpful, friendly staff. Floor-to-ceiling windows offered a nice view of the bay and the TransAmerica Pyramid, even from only the 11th floor. Free business center was a nice touch.Location is a bit off the tourist path, but you're within 5-10 minutes of Chinatown, the Ferry Building, Coit Tower, North Beach (including City Lights) and the California St. cable car. The Powell line and Union Sq. is close by as well. We also walked to Fisherman's wharf in around 20 mins.Note that on weekends the immediate area shuts down. The Starbucks across the street is open, but not much else is. But it gets quiet, which is nice.	
Aug 11 2009 	Good location excellent view from the higher floors	I found an excellent price for this room through a webservice. In contrast to some hotels, they went out of their way to give us a really good room on a high floor. The room was just about perfect. My only regret is that the selection of TV channels was a bit limited. The hotel is in the financial district, right across from the Embarcadero Center, within easy walking distance of the ferry building, the California street cable car, and BART stations. The only negative was that this was a weekend stay, and many of the nearby restaurants were either closed for the weekend or closed early.	
Aug 5 2009 	I expected much more	Not quite the detail oriented hotel you would expect. The rooms were quite boring mostly all brown furniture and fairly bare walls. The hallways were minimal and did not feel as plush as I would have expected. So you dont get an elegant feel nor a cozy feel just basic but not terrible. I had several mishaps in my room and the staff was not going out of their way to get it fixed. the views were great but there was a strange (bad) odor in my bathroom that would not go away. Concierge was very ( and I stress VERY) knowledgeable and nice, front desk not so much, they actually bordered on rude. The near by area is okay if you want to go to embarcadero but I found the area nearby dirty and kind of scary at certain times with the homeless people around. I might return but not in a hurry. oh and did i mention parking cost me over 50 dollars a day!	
Aug 5 2009 	Heard our neighbors "recreational activities" through the adjoining door and they lost our reservation!	NOT GOOD. they lost our reservations. We were kept up by the people next door and pating was a fortune. Was a nice view however.	
Aug 2 2009 	Good view of the Bay.	I stayed for 3 nights in a king, bay view room on the 18th floor. The room was large and clean and the view of the bay was great from the windows. We turned the chairs to face out so we could enjoy the view. I would definitely reccommend the view. Otherwise, the room was fine and had a large flat screen tv. There was no coffee pot in our room but coffee was served in the lobby in the mornings. We ate breakfast in the restauraunt twice. Both times were excellent - I had the eggs benedict. Instead of using the valet parking for $50 a day, we parked across the street at the Embracadero center for $32 a day.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great hotel	I've stayed here twice in the last month for business and love it. Nice rooms, comfortable beds, great hotel gym, convenient location and very helpful and accomodating staff. Excellent! Only qualm -- they burn incense in the lobby and I am very smell sensitive.	
Jul 30 2009 	Really great location	I really like d this hotel. They have a great concierge service. The rooms are lovely as well.	
Jul 26 2009 	Nice Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights before continuing on to Hawaii. The hotel is located in the Financial district which is not too close to Fishermen's Wharf. There were no restaurants open except the Elephant and Castle, other places closed early or were not open at all. The hotel lobby was very nicely decorated. We stayed on the 11th floor and had a very nice view of the city. The rooms were nicely decorated too although they were a little too dark with not enough lighting. We travelled with our 3 teenaged boys and requested adjoining rooms well in advance which we did not get. Also, our rooms were not ready and our baggage had to be held. I would not stay here again though since this hotel is not close to all of the activities of the city.	
Jul 18 2009 	Loved the place!	We spent 6 nights at LeMeridien in early July - a romantic getaway to celebrate our 25th anniversary. We loved the atmospher of the hotel. Our room was on the 15th floor on the Clay Street side with a wonderful view of the Bay and both bridges. It was very quiet during the weekedays. The concierge was terrific, great restaurant recommendations and much help with getting places on the MUNI. Public transportation is quite near the hotel and we never used a taxi. She made restaurant and Alcatraz tour reservations for us. I only have two small complaints: no coffee makers in the room (I'm a person who needs a fix first thing in the morning and I didn't want to make the trek to the lobby) and room assignments. Our last couple of nights there were noisy people in the adjoining room to us. Because of the door in the wall the noise seemed even louder. There were plenty of open rooms so they didn't need to be placed so close to us.Other than that, we loved Le Meridien and will stay there again. It's at the Embarcadero and close to Chinatown, Nob Hill and Union Square. It was nice to be away from the more touristy areas like the Wharf.	
Jul 14 2009 	Location Location Location 	Le Meridien is so great because it is close to China Town, Market Street, the Embarcadero, and even North Beach.The hotel is very clean with a moderately good view of the bay in a moderately-priced (discounted) room.	
Jul 12 2009 	Perfect location great staff spacious rooms with a view	Le Meridien in SF is a great hotel for a city break with a little class.My wife and I stayed for 5 nights as part of the first leg of our honeymoon. The front desk staff were great and upgraded us to a room with a lovely view of the bay bridge on one side and the transamerica pyramid on the other.The room was spacious and clean, with a nice bathroom, though the shower was in the bath rather than a seperate cubicle.The location is perfect, being only 5 mins from Chinatown and the Financial District. It's also close to the cable cars and other public transport, so there's no problem that the immediate restaurants are often closed on Sat/Sun. SF is an amazingly small city and if you're fit enough, can be walked easily.The business centre is great, as you can only access it with your room key, so no random people can walk in off the street. There are 3 seperate PCs, with lots of space around them for privacy (although the printer is shared). Internet access was free. In-room internet came with a fee, but there isn't much point using this unless you're a serious business traveller.Overall, I highly recommend this hotel for tourists who want a nice room to rest their heads and not be out of the action for sightseeing.	
Jul 11 2009 	Perfect city hotel	I spent 3 nights at the Meridien and I have no complaints! The room was very comfortable, especially the bed. The room was well appointed with a large flat screen TV, modern furniture and a great corner window with good views (13th floor). Staff were friendly in each encounter. I can't really comment on the bar or restaurant as I didn't use them. I did use the fitness centre however and it was well equipped. Location for the hotel is really good. It's a short walk to shopping on Market street and Union Square. It's also really well located for the Ferry Building. I booked the hotel via hotwire and paid just $120 a night which was an absolute bargain for a hotel of this quality. Only thing I'd add would be free wireless internet, it's disappointing to have to pay for it these days.Highly recommended.	
Jul 10 2009 	Perfect!!!	Stayed at the Le Meridien San Franciso from Aug 28 - July 2nd. What can I say; from the minute I checked in from the minute I checked out I experienced nothing but great service and comfort. The Hotel is located in the heart of San Francisco, we found this place to be the perfect location. Everything we needed was within walking distance. All the attractions and places we wanted to see was a few minutes drive away.Parking is the problem. You get about 5 minutes per 25cents on the meters.The parking at the hotel I paid $59 a night, but the valet service is awesome and they are very nice. I took my car out like ever other hour, they knew me pretty well at the valet service.The hotel provides 24 hour room service but it is pretty expensive. I paid $6.97 for a cup of milk for my son and with tip that was the most expensive cup of milk ever.The maid service is awesome, what you wanted them to do, just leave them a note and they will do it for you.The bathroom was very nice, clean and roomy...exactly what you would expect from a high end hotel.There is NO free internet at the hotel, I used my phone as a modem and jumped on one of many free wifi connections that I found.There is no pool.In the morning you can get a copy of 3 daily news papers, including USA Today for free.Places we liked near by:Fog City DinerMcCormick &amp; Kuleto's (the best food we had in SFO)Fog Harbor Fish House (you must try the crab cakes)Mel's DinerThere is a Starbucks right out the front door of the hotel ( I went there every morning)Orgasmic Pizza (real good pizza right up the block)We ate at this one place called Cathay House in China Town.. The food was not good at all.. I would not recommend it.Fishermen’s Warf is about a 5 minute drive (during rush hour time 4pm - 5PM it is a nightmare getting aroud and it can take you 30 minutes just to go 2 miles) they have plenty of shops, food and other attractions. We parked at a meter which took credit cards and for 3 hours paid $12. We parked by pier 40 and walked about 2 miles all the way to the other end where the Aquarium and Chiradeli Square.This is a great hotel with great service and all the things you would expect from a 4-5 start hotel. I always liked Le Meridien for their quality this is not the first time I stayed with them and it wont be the last.	
Jul 7 2009 	Elegant	I decided to stay here after seeing it ranked so high on Tripadvisor. I can see why. It is an elegant hotel, from the floors to the rooms. The rate of $159 seemed reasonable, since I have seen the hotel charge much higher rates. I received a warm welcome at check-in and was offered a room on a high floor, which always pleases me. I had a partial view of the Ferry Building and the Bay Bridge. The hotel's 2nd floor is on a walkway through the Embarcadero Shopping Mall to the Ferry Building. The room had a safe big enough to store my computer.The hotel was further from the BART than I expected. It was between the Montgomery station and the Embarcadero station. If I had more luggage, I would have had to take a cab. A CD player was placed on a high table. I am not a short person but even I had trouble using it. Internet was $12.95 a day, some less-deluxe hotels are offering free high speed. The walls between rooms and above are not as thick as I expect. Ocassionally, I could clearly hear noise and voices from other rooms. Also, they charge $1 for every 800 number you call.	
Jul 6 2009 	Perfect Location - Perfectly Unpretentious Staff	Couple of things right off: If you require a non-stop party, 24/7 right out your front door, don't stay here.If you can't walk for 10 minutes on flat ground, don't stay here.If you do, however, want clean, quiet, and SAFE location that you can sleep in, this is it.If you do, want a VERY central location to everything, this is it. My wife and I are pretty low-maintanence, so some of the issues others claimed to have experienced, didn't even apply, as we really didn't need much. All we require is a clean, quiet, well-furnished, great view, room in the 4 star range. This is exactly what we got. I had requested a room on a high floor, facing the south. Josiah at the front desk, gave me the 21st floor (there are 24) with a room facing south. It was large, had a beautiful big bathroom, an amazing view of downtown, and granite though out. It was perfect. I would say the bed and linens weren't up to par with W, Westin, or the Hyatt, but they were better than most. We spent 4 nights thru the 4th of July weekend and were very happy with our stay. I didn't want to spend a fortune on parking, so I parked in the '5 Star&quot; garage about a block away on Clay. After staying parked there 2 days at $36/day, realized I could have just as easily parked on the street, as it was free fri-sun on the holiday weekend. I did end up parking a half a block away from the hotel on sat until we left mon morning and never felt worried about the car's safety. Really the location is Le Meridien's hallmark. Unlike Union Square, this place is very quiet, clean, and we always felt safe. No sirens, hollering and horn honking all night. No homeless sleeping and panhandling in the doorways every 50 ft. No aroma of urine at every entrance way. The downside to this is almost everything closes at 5 or 6 pm and is not open sat and sun. There are a few options across the street in the shopping plaza. A pizza place called &quot;Orgazmico?&quot; that looked very good, and a after work gathering bar/restaurant called &quot;The Holding Company&quot; it had good food and great service (likely from the owner). McD's is also about a block and a half away. Still it is only a 10 min flat walk to Union Square, Chinatown, North Beach, or anything Embarcadero. There is also a bar and restaurant at the hotel but we never used them. Lastly, the staff is excellent. Everyone was always very helpful without being forceful. If you want help, they will jump right on it. If you say, &quot;I've got it&quot; they will leave you with it. I have stayed at other places where it seems the staff is not allowed to laugh or joke with you. We didn't get that treatment here. We were treated respectfully, not like royalty. I prefer the first. I would rather be treated as their guests and friends, not their employer or master. If in San Fran again, we will stay only at Le Meridien.	
Jul 1 2009 	average at best	Just completed a 2 night stay here and it does not live up to the Le Meridien reputation. Service truly sucked. Bellmen non-responsive, housekeeping shoddy at best, front desk surly. Housekeeping was the worst: required 3 calls to get bath towels and wash cloths in our room, took/tossed a magazine I brought and left on nightstand, removed some personal alcohol from the mini-bar fridge...I could go on. Luckily I used my Starwood points or I woulda been super pissed. Westin or W would probably be better choices. Location is good, rooms are nice...but plenty of those kinds of positives in other hotels.	
Jun 28 2009 	Beautiful rooms so so service lacking amenities	The hotel is in a great location for the Embarcadero an Financial District. The rooms are fanastic with modern bright decor and in my case a large balcony. They are very nicely done and fairly spacious for a downtown hotel. The concierge was wonderful.The downsides were no vending machines or place to get a soda or water unless you use the mini bar ($4 each). No pool/hot tub (off site). My big issue was the bell staff and the awful welcome I received. Had I come in by buss or train I would have thought the service wa sgreat because it was good from the front desk on. However, the initial impression a person driving in receives is not good. They did nto want me to be able to check in unless I used their valet (I was going to return my rental car) and so they made it very inconvenient for me to check in and then leave by moving my car so that it was then difficult to get out. All int he 5 minutes it took to check in. Then I had troubles getting my keys back. . According to their website they offer self parking but apparently that is not really available. I have stayed at Le Meridians before and this was not comprable. If I were paying the full rpice (I used points) I would suggest you check out the Westins propertieis.	
Jun 15 2009 	Fantastic Stay	We stayed one night at Le Meridien on Memorial Day weekend. The room was fantastic, well decorated, with a fantastic view. The service from the check in staff was exceptional. We really enjoyed our time there, we would definately go back.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Hotel Good Location For A Weekend Stay	A very chic &amp; modern hotel with spacious and comfortable rooms. Got it for a great rate for a Friday - Sunday stay on Expedia. In the Financial District, walking distance to the Ferry Building, the Embarcadero BART station and a 15 to 20 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf is you so desire. We took BART directly from SFO to the hotel area, about a 5 minute walk from train to hotel. No real need for a car with the great transportation systems within the city. Wonderful staff, great rooms. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 14 2009 	Tarted up Park Hyatt	I hadn't stayed in this hotel since it was a Park Hyatt. They redecorated it in a Mad hatter style that is really disconcerting. The hotel used to look like an elegant men's club with lots of browns and woods and dark granite. They've kept much of that and added a whole different look on top of that, which is really jarring. Specifically, they've added a red/grey/white set of furniture, along with Design on a Dime art in the rooms to the dark woods and granite and brown/tan colors of the old hotel.On the good side, it's a quiet hotel with large rooms and it's right in the business district and three short blocks to the Ferry Building and the waterfront for food and fun. I like everything about it except the new look.	
Jun 11 2009 	great hotel with helpfull staff and nice comfortable rooms	Second time I have stayed at a Le Meridien Hotel and both times I have been upgraded without asking ,to a suite due to my spg status.The beds are so comfortable if not better than the so called Western Hotel beds.The rooms are spacious and clean and we had no problem with outside noise.Breakfast is expensive and not worth having at the hotel.Plenty of restaurants close by.Business centre has complimentary computers to use .Location is good as walking distance to shops at Union Square and to both China Town and Little Italy	
Jun 1 2009 	Perfect	Great hotel in a good location. Easy walk to everywhere you want to be in San Fran. Got a really good rate through Hotwire. I would stay there again anytime.	
May 21 2009 	Consistently excellent	My husband and I have stayed here on at least 6 occasions in the last 3 years. It's our favorite place to stay among the Starwood Properties in San Francisco. The rooms are spacious with modern furnishings and always spotlessly clean, the hotel staff are pleasant and accomodating, and we've eaten several times at the Park Grille and enjoyed it. Most of all the experience we've had here is consistent from visit to visit, and so we know what to expect -- it's always excellent! The location is very nice too, near the Embarcadero and Ferry Building -- you can walk to many many restaurants and shops and sights.	
May 19 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	Stayed at the Meridian with my family. Booked my room with cash and points through SPG, and booked my mom's room separately with the AAA rate. Hotel is in a nice location, easy to get around anywhere. Staff was nice, friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. There was a little mix-up with our rooms, but they worked everything out without having to involve me. My husband and I got upgraded to a suite as I have gold status and the room was gorgeous. Sitting area, big windows, separate shower and bath. The bed was so comfortable, we hadn't slept that well in ages! Wish we could have stayed longer.Parking was expensive, but there's nothing you can do about it. The level of service and comfort of the rooms make up for those charges. Would definitely stay here again.	
May 11 2009 	Wonderful hotel great service perfect location!	We loved Le Meridien and San Francisco. The rooms are plush and spacious with super nice linens. The hotel is within walking distance to the wharf, little Italy, Chinatown and all the public transportion buses and trolleys. The restaurant in the hotel is excellent and has wonderful service (it is a bit expensive, but well worth it). We bought the city passes at the Aquarium and got discounts to all the best attractions and were able to ride public transportation for free--a terrific value!	
May 8 2009 	Awesome	I got a really good deal via TravelZoo which help make this hotel awesome. We loved being in the financial district instead of the tourist area. We got to be with people that lived in San Fransisco and isn't people watching half the fun of travel. The hotel was very hip, clean and nice. We had restaurants, coffee shops, stores right outside our window. The only negative was the giant water stain on our ceiling.	
May 8 2009 	Best in Class	I have stayed in many luxury hotels in large cities and none come close to comparing to the experience of LeMeridien San Francisco. The attention to detail is impeccable at LeMeridien from the sheets they use, to the staff they hire, to the decor on the wall.LeMeridien San Francisco has an understated elegance without being too stuffy that makes it the perfect hotel for business or pleaure. In addition, it is in the perfect location for everyone... it has nightlife, venues for the family and some of the best restaurants within San Francisco all within walking distance.	
May 6 2009 	A Hidden Gem	We knew the LM would be good but it vastly exceeded our expectations in every way. The hotel itself reminds me of higher end, understated properties in Europe. Although we had booked a relatively inexpensive room, we were upgraded (albeit on the basis of Starwood status) to a corner luxury suite on the 24th floor with a view of the Bay, Alcatraz, the Embarcadero, and beyond. The room was splendid! Spacious and comfortable. Not one item (stray hair, tidbit of paper, debris, etc.) left over from the previous guests. While we did hear the sirens (fire station immediately around the block from the LM), the room was in all other respects incredibly quiet. Staff couldn't have been any more helpful, courteous, and accommodating. All other trips to SF have included stays near Union Square. We agreed that we really liked the LM's location as it was w/in a couple of blocks of the Ferry Terminal and the Embarcadero, and was w/in a 10 minute walk of both Union Square, Washington Square/North Beach, and Chinatown. Everything about this visit made for a special anniversary celebration. We will definitely return.	
May 5 2009 	San Francisco Chic	The Le Meridien Hotel is located between China Town and the Embarcado around the corner from the Transamerica tower. The lobby is stylist and the staff welcoming. The rooms are also stylish and a reasonable size for a city hotel. Overall a very favourable impression. We had a corner room overlooking the Embarcado Centre and did not experience any unwelcome noise. The housekeeping staff were friendly and provided a good service. There are convenience stores, cafes and bars nearby. It is possible to walk to China Town or Union Square if you are feeling energetic. The cable car on Mason and the Embarcado market are a few blocks away. The only negative is the valet cost for parking - $56/night, ouch!	
May 3 2009 	Beautiful Rooms and great service.	I attended a conference in San Francisco but wanted a less expensive option to the host hotel. I found a great rate on Expedia and booked the Le Meridien. My room was huge with a nice view. Great amenities in the room i.e. robe and linens. I loved the fact that the sliding glass doors opened for fresh air. I was a little disappointed that there was no in room coffee. They do however have coffee in the lobby until 9 am. The restaurants in the hotel are very pricey as is room service. However, the Embarcadero shopping/dining is just across the street with adequete options. I can't say enough good things about the concierge who gave me great directions and made my reservation for the Alcatraz Tour and was very precise about timing and travel to the pier. If I ever had occasion to go back to SFO and could find a good rate, I'd stay here again.	
May 3 2009 	Average Hotel	Rooms were nice. Hotel is smaller than I thought it would be. Not a great selection of restaurants. I stayed for one night only. I could hear the sirens outside from the street pretty clearly - not the most quiet room. I could also hear the person in the room above me. Valet was a bit slow when we first arrived - we had to ask for someone to come over so we could check our car in.	
May 1 2009 	Great Hotel for Business Trips	Really enjoyed my stay. Attended a conference on the lower level (No cell service underground!) Comfy beds, large rooms and bathrooms. Friendly housekeeping, front desk were efficient, even if they did forget my wake up call. Rooms very clean and well laid out. In room safe was great. Worked a full day from the room and had a large desk with great view for the whole day, ran for Dim Sum, 3 blocks to start of Chinatown and it was fantastic. Connected by a bridge to the Embarcadero Shopping center.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great place near it all in S.F.	Outstanding place with easy access to fun stuff in San Francisco (close to waterfront, cable cars, financial district, North Beach restaurants, not far from Union Square etc.). Spacious room, Very attentive staff attentive to every detail. Great place for a getaway or business stay in S.F.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great Value	Went for Christmas. Great views of bay and bridge. Wonderful access to everything. Walking distance to all trolleys. Short walk from financial district to union square. Short walk to bart and muni which takes you anywhere - even the airport - faster than driving or taxi. Large comfortable room &amp; beds. Room service food good and quick. Friendly and knowledgeable staff - however, they recommended a $125 per meal /per person restraunt (AQUA)without checking to see if it was in our budget - we were quite surprised when we got there. There were other very good more reasonable places in the area (try Tadisch).	
Apr 29 2009	This is one of the best vacations i have ever been on.	The room was great with an excellent view of the city. The staff at this hotel is second to none. All of the recomendations they made to me and my family were right on the money. They really made us feel like part of the family. Hope to visit again soon.	
Apr 28 2009 	awesome view and great location....	This was my third stay at the LeMeridien. I enjoy the views from the rooms, (each time different)and the location. Walking distance to Union Square, China Town and Pier 39. The restaurant on third floor has great food and service. Room service was exceptional. I am on a special diet and requested chicken soup and received it no problem. I enjoy the follow up call from room service as well. Front counter service was happy and professional. The rooms are always clean. If you need something all you have to do is call the front desk and it is delivered promptly. I also enjoy the lounge area in lobby after hours and find it freindly, inviting and confortable, especially after walking all day long around the city.I foudn overall staff to be very helpful, friendly, prefessional and genuinly concerned that my stay was a good one. Thanks, I will be back again.	
Apr 28 2009 	The best staff and customer service!!!	I recently stayed at your beautiful hotel! From the time we entered the door we were impressed with the warmth, professionalism and friendliness of your staff.Our room was immaculate, room service was prompt and the food was hot!The dining experience was as good as I have ever had in any 5 star restaurant, my compliments to the chef.Overall, this was by far the best stay I have ever had at a hotel!Thank you!Joyce Ann	
Apr 28 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Great room. Excellent food. Very nice service. I had breakfast in my room, lunch in the restaurant, and cocktails and dinner in the bar. A really enjoyable experience.	
Apr 28 2009 	Getaway and Relax	I needed a break and chose the Le Merdien in San Francisco. Great choice with friendly staff, good food and a great location in the City. Even a red phone that rings directly to the GM and HE ANSWERED, though only to call and thank him for the stay.	
Apr 26 2009	Liked the hotel Overall staff was OK but check-in staff needs improvement	Great location, nice rooms... I even got a terrific deal thru SPG website. Overall the staff was very helpful and courteous but the staff at the reception was terrible at the check-in time. It seems that she may have been bothered by the fact that we got a nice room for a relatively low price. Outright rude and unpleasant. Regardless, I would recommend this hotel if you get a nice deal. It could be pricey ... if you can afford it, go for it.	
Apr 26 2009 	Highly recommended	What a great find, I saw this recommended on Trip Advisor and booked. This is well located and the staff are very friendly - and the room we were in (707) was nice and spacious. You are within walking distance of union square (shopping district) china town and fishermans wharf. For a good meal try the Elephant and Castle across the road. Great wine menu (cheap() and very good food	
Apr 21 2009 	A perfect hotel to unwind	Booked thru Expedia for less than $83 a night including tax (the lady on the check-in desk remarked it was the lowest rate she had ever seen for the hotel). Arrived at 1:30 (90 minutes before the check in time) but it wasn't a problem and were upgraded to a bay view room on the 20th floor, she could not have been more helpful or friendly - a real credit. The concierges varied in their people-person skills but the rest of the staff were excellent, our 5 year old banged his head on the bannister in the lobby and within a minute 2 ice packs, a glass of chilled water and a box of tissues arrived - very impressive. We were at the Le Meridien over a week-end and as it is in the financial district the area was quiet, this wasn't a problem at all unless you needed a coffee shop after 6pm. The view was excellent, the fitness room was more than adequate but there isn't a pool, all in all exceptional value and would recommend without hesiation.	
Apr 19 2009 	Perfect hotel for financial center of San Francisco	Excellent location for business meetings in financial center.The hotel was also walking distance to Union Square and Chinatown.Breakfast at the restaurant on the third floor was good.Short trip and did not use much of the facilities of the hotel. I managed to get a great rate online during the recession. $130 all in. Cannot beat that again I bet.	
Apr 17 2009 	Very nice hotel	Stayed at Le Meridian for two nights. This hotel was top notch. Immaculately clean, modern rooms, and the staff was incredibly friendly. We got a room on the 21st floor with a wonderful view of the Bay Bridge and the water. They give you complimentary bath robes during your stay, a really nice touch. The beds are the most comfortable beds you will ever sleep in. The only down thing about the hotel was the location. It's in the financial district and a bit of a walk to get to Union Square and the Fisherman's Wharf. If you have enough energy you can really walk around most of the city, it's really not that big. Would definitely recommend to all when visiting San Francisco.	
Apr 15 2009 	Good central location nice hotel	We stayed here for 3 day weekend in San Francisco, was a very comfortable stay. Rooms nice size, very modern decor. The hotel is located more in a business district area, but still close enough to all the main attractions , and within walking distance to the fabulous farmers markets on the weekend. The lobby is very small, but nice restaurant for breakfast up on the 2nd level. A little limited on restaurant choices nearby, especially for breakfast, but very close to walk to the very popular BOULEVARD restaurant. I booked a great weekend rate online so thought this was great value hotel in SF.	
Apr 15 2009 	Decent Hotel - location not great for tourists / shoppers	Overall this is a good hotel, clean rooms, helpful staff etc etc. Only issue is that its located in the financial district so its a bit of a walk to the main shopping area. Best feature was probably the Bed...probably the most comfortable I've slept in	
Apr 9 2009 	Great Hotel - don't be put off by location	Stayed here for four nights with my husband - using part Starwood points/part cash which was a very good deal. Do not be put off by the fact that this is a 'business hotel' in the financial district. It's actually in a good location (couple of blocks to the Ferry Building and the Embarcadero), adjacent to excellent transport links, quiet and with some great restaurants in the near vicinity. The staff were extremely helpful, the rooms are a large size and the bed was fabulously comfortable. We didn't eat here and simply took the free coffee/tea that was on offer every morning and then went out to breakfast in one of the many cafes near by. There is a decent sized gym and free internet access (including printing) for all guests.Do hire bikes when you are in SF - this is an extremely bike-friendly city (apart from the hills!) and the hotel were more than happy for us to take our bikes up to the room overnight. Hire from 'Bike and Roll' rather than 'Blazing Saddles' (their bikes are badly maintained and they simply do well by dint of the fact that they have a concession on Fisherman's Wharf where they can stop all the passing tourists). Go to the 'Bike and Roll' location at the corner of Columbus and Lombard where they are incredibly helpful (especially Raoul) and it was totally painless to do the rental.All in all I would recommend the Meridien - not overly-plush or fancy but just what you want from a hotel in a major city ie comfortable and clean, welcoming, well maintained, helpful staff and in a good and non-touristy location.	
Apr 8 2009 	Review your room charges carefully	Zero stars for the hotel's bookkeeping abilities, and three stars for the accommodations.The hotel's downtown location is a very short walk away from the ferry building and close to a BART station. The room was basic but clean, though it would have been nice had the bathroom had electrical outlets. We might have stayed in this hotel again but for billing errors that we experienced.We booked the hotel through Hotwire (pre-paying in full). When checking out and reviewing our incidental charges, we noticed an erroneous restaurant charge of $95 on our bill. We hadn't visited the restaurant at all during our stay. We notified the front desk that the charge was incorrect, and they assured us twice that the charge would be removed.The charge wasn't removed. A few days later, the $95 charge appeared on my credit card, along with over $400 of additional charges that hadn't appeared on our check-out statement at all. After a number of phone calls to determine what these charges were, the hotel explained that it hadn't realized that we had pre-paid for our stay through Hotwire, and had essentially charged us twice for our stay. I'm still waiting for the charges to be reversed on my credit card.	
Apr 7 2009 	Disappointed	What was on it's way to be a celebration weekend turned really awful! I enjoyed every minute of the Le Meridien hotel in San Francisco. The room were nice - great view etc. Service was good too. I got home and noticed that I had left my shirt hanging in their closet. I called and asked to talk to lost and found and spoke to a woman that told me nothing was found. I spoke to them several times and nope they mentioned that I must have misplaced it. I forgot where I put it etc etc. Why would I forget where I put my shirt? It was my word against theirs. I didn't come back with a shirt that meant alot to me and unfortunately they thought I'm losing it.Well I will not recommend a stay there unfortunately. If you do stay there make sure you walk away with everything and not forget anything there or else they're going to tell you you misplaced it. Huh, yeah rgith!	
Apr 2 2009 	Nice hotel/room staff not so friendly.	First of all, as far as location, if you are going to San Fran for a trip to see the tourist parts this is probably not the hotel for you. (I would recommend staying down on the Wharf.) The parking is extremely overpriced and the staff is very pushy to sell their parking. The rooms are beautiful and comfortable. We did not get a chance to use the amenities offered, but I am sure they are wonderful. The hotel is very clean and is downtown.	
Apr 2 2009 	wonderful stay	even if the hotel is placed in a business-area, it is near che commercial part of the city and very quiet.we loved it.	
Apr 1 2009 	Very comfortable hotel - GREAT stay!	Greatly enjoyed our stay at the Le Meridien. Hotel was extremely comfortable with terrific service, especially from entire concierge staff. Free internet and use of printers in business center is an added bonus! Starbucks and cinema are directly across street, with a Walgreens about a block away. Hotel is within 1/2-mile of most major tourist areas and fabulous restaurants (try E&amp;O Trading Company!). If cabs or walking are not your thing, perhaps stay at another hotel closer to the action. Otherwise, you can't go wrong with the Le Meridien.	
Mar 24 2009 	Decent Hotel Good Location	Hotel was in a great location, within walking distance from pretty much everything, close to BART station, very handy!Staff was okay, one guy at the front desk was extremely arrogant but Laura at the concierge desk made up for his inadequacies.Hotel was in great condition but doors on the bathrooms are really odd, they are somewhat of a pocket door but are on the outside of the actual bathroom and so when you close the door it leaves a gap on either side of the door, no privacy at all. the rooms themselves are nice, very quiet, can't hear your neighbour which was awesome. No coffee maker in the room but that seems to be the norm nowadays. TIP: DO NOT GO TO SEE BEACH BLANKET BABYLON NO MATTER WHO RECOMMENDS IT TO YOU!!!! show is totally outdated, overpriced and &quot;actors&quot; are terrible, was like watching a highschool production.	
Mar 10 2009 	Fine for business stay	I really liked this hotel. It was perfect for a business stay. Though I am not sure I would have felt quite the same if I had been on a pleasure trip, as this hotel is in the financial district and so at night and weekends the area is deserted with limited bars and restaurants.In some ways, the relative blandness, predictability and efficiency of staying here makes it perfect for a business stay. For although it does not have a lot of soul and character, it does have friendly staff, good rooms laid out ideally to sleep and work, a 24 hour well equipped fitness centre and efficient but predictable bar and restaurant with good breakfasts and a limited choice on food otherwise.I had a really great room. I think I was upgraded to a Junior Suite, as it was very large and split into 2 areas by a large divider. There was a massive flat screen TV, big comfortable bed, good sized desk and small seating area.There is not much of a view, as you look into office though from one angle you could see water through sets of buildings.It is not a long walk down to Market, the shops and Chinatown. But still not ideal if in town on a pleasure break as not in the heart of things.	
Mar 4 2009 	Nice hotel parking outrageous	When we made the booking we were told the parking was $30/night which seemed extreme but in line with other properties. When we checked out our bill stated the parking is $55.86 for one night. We were told the price had gone up since the booking. Other hotels still have the $30/per night rate so considering this hotel was pedestrian and nothing special, you may want to check around. Also, STRANGE noise through the evening. Every 3-5 minutes or so a loud rumbling. We asked about trains, construction, etc. and were told there was none. This went on for a few hours but luckily, by the time we returned from dinner the noise was gone	
Mar 3 2009 	great hotel (for a chain hotel)	I stayed for 3 nights with my teenage daughter. We paid a government rate, but got a wonderful room on a high floor with a beautiful bay view. The staff is very friendly and helpful - especially the concierge. The location is convenient to the shopping areas and public transportation.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great location wonderful staff nice rooms perfect hotel	The title says it all. We stayed at the Le Meridien for a short weekend trip in Feb 2009. I was able to book one king room and one double double room each for $85/night through hotels.com. For that price, I would have expected much less, but the accomodations were perfect in every way.Arriving at OAK, we took the BART to Embarcadero station and walked about 10 minutes to the hotel. Upon arrival, we were warmly greeted and presented our rooms. They were on two separate floors, but it was no big deal as we had not requested the rooms to be close by and we checked in later in the evening. That night (and all weekend long) we turned to the concierge for help in finding restaurants, directions, and activities and the service was outstanding. The entire staff was wonderful, from the front desk to the cleaning staff that left a &quot;thank you&quot; note for the tip we left in the room.The hotel's financial district location presents a few issues for weekend warriors (i.e. most of the restaurants and shops in the immediate area are closed on the weekends), but it is still very centrally located. It is 10 minutes to the BART station and Ferry Building, and 15 minutes from Union Square.The rooms were very well appointed. The double double had a desk and flat screen tv with a large closet. The bathroom was clean and large for a standard room. The king room had a desk and large wall storage unit holding the tv. The bathroom had a separate shower stall and bathtub and the added feature of a sliding door opening to a balcony with a view of the Bay Bridge.All in all, a great stay, made possible by a cheap rate, wonderful staff, convenient location, and nice rooms.	
Feb 22 2009 	Nice property great staff	I booked this hotel using points as I was attending a wedding in Santa Cruz and wanted an extra night in Cali! I was very pleased with the staff at this hotel. I checked in early and also asked for a different room (which I got), the concierge was also very helpful with recommendations and free loaner umbrellas. The location is great, the California Street trolley is just around the corner. The ferry to Alcatraz is a pleasant 20 minute walk, as are many other attractions. The business center in the lobby is great, didn’t use any of the dining options. My room was great, nice views, large tv viewable from bed and the lounge (had a jr suite) and comfortable bed. The only downside was the bathroom smelled a bit dirty. All in all a great hotel, would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 18 2009 	Great Hotel - friendly staff	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights over Valentines Weekend. I got a great rate on Travelzoo and managed to get a studio suite. On check-in I was told that I had been given a room with a great view - boy was he right. I could see the Bay bridge, Coit Tower and many other sights - a truely wonderful view.The hotel is in the financial district - which shuts down at the weekend. It was a short walk away from the ferry building which had a great vibe in the evening. The hotel staff were very nice and the hotel itself is top class - my only comment would be that it is quiet at nights and the weekend. I thought the hotel would have a good restaurant to copensate but the only food available was a limited choice at the lobby bar. All very nice but I think I possibly expected more - I did not realise that the Park Grill was shut in the evenings.Other than that I loved the hotel - and room service was quite and delicious!	
Feb 17 2009 	Nice hotel and great location for the money	We stayed one night at the Le Meridian in SF and we found it to be a very nice hotel for the money. They upgraded our room to an executive suite and though small had amazing views of the SF Bay, Coit Tower and the Transamerica Building. Though in the financial district the hotel is close to everything with just a short walk to get to the cable cars and tons of bus lines nearby. Yes the parking is quite expensive but even when we factored this in (at $50/night) this hotel was still cheaper than any of the others in the area by far. The bed was quite comfortable and it was handy to have a refrigerator in the room (the minibar but they will empty it if you ask). The only things that could have improved our stay would have been if they were a little more generous with the towels since they only gave us two and I regularly use two myself at home (though we do appreciate that they are trying to conserve water) also if the cabinet under the very nice flat screen could have had some clothing storage besides the closet. The staff were quite friendly and overall we were very satisfied with our stay. Visit the Stinking Rose restaurant if you're in SF the food is amazing (assuming you like garlic).	
Jan 31 2009 	Very comfortable.	We spent a 3 nights at the Le Meridien for a short stay in San Francisco. The hotel is in the financial district and is a great location to walk to all the sights. We had booked via Starwood Hotels and Resorts which is affiliated with Le Meridien and many other hotels. We paid $115 per night, which was a great price for the room were stayed in. King size bed, very spacious room, modern decor, big wide screen tv which you could watch from the lounge or from the bed, iPod docking station and stereo, bar fridge and free newspaper. We were located on the 10th floor with views of the Bay Bridge. Our room also had a few magazines complete with tourist information and some different ideas on things to do. The staff were very friendly, umbrellas were provided free to use when it was raining and the business centre was available to use which provided free convenient access to the internet.. As we were on holidays we had no time restrictions and walked everywhere from the hotel to: China Town, Union Square, Ghiradelli Square, Fishermans Wharf, all of the Piers, Coit Tower and Lombard St. This is the best hotel we stayed at throughout the US and we would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 27 2009 	Great Long Weekend at Le Meridien	We hit San Francisco for a long weekend and stayed at Le Meridien, mostly because of the great rate ($119) they were offering. From arrival to departure, the hotel experience was 100% enjoyable. Check in was fast and friendly, and despite the low rate, we were upgraded to a hospitality suite - high floor, corner windows and a living room area. We arrived late Friday night, and the Ferry Building Farmers Market was first up Saturday morning, so the set up was perfect for enjoying our food market purchases for breakfast and snacks. (We were in town for the Fancy Food Show, so didn't need much in the way of full meals. A bit unfortunate in SF, but we did not go hungry!)Staff were friendly and responsive to all requests - whether for information, newspapers, check-in, or hallway conversation. I knew of the lack of in-room coffee from prior reviews - but, the lobby coffee was actually an unexpectedly civilized experience. We did relax there on the way out, and earlier in the a.m. took turns going down to the lobby for in-room coffee, which was not all that bad. Given the small bags of coffee now offered w/ the in-room systems, the &quot;unlimited&quot; access was kind of nice.Location was a bit mixed - I loved the proximity to the Ferry Bldg, but it was a bit of a hike to downtown and the convention center. We were glad for the exercise, so didn't bother w/ other transportation options - other than airport transportation. BART was a breeze from the hotel!I have generally stayed at St. Francis - love the location and the character - but would probably move Meridien to top of the list for future trips. Love the proximity to the Ferry Bldg, and the layout inside the room is MUCH better.	
Jan 27 2009 	Very nice hotel	Stayed here recently, would recommend it in off-season. We paid around $100 USD for one night, peak season cost is around $330. The hotel is just next to the Embarcadero shopping complex, and a short walk through this takes you to Fisherman's Wharf. Chinatown is within walking distance too.The room was slightly small but the King size bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in (better than our bed at home!). There was a problem with the shower and it was fixed within 10 minutes of reporting it.Staff were friendly, helpful and efficient.	
Jan 27 2009 	Hated it.	First off the location is in the financial district. Good I suppose during the week, but on a weekend nothing is open. It is near nothing. Next was the front desk staff. They were rude and unhelpful. They were of the opinion of since you booked on Orbitz you get what we give you. I asked for a room away from the elevator and got a room next to the elevator. I went to the front desk and got the same treatment saying they could do nothing. I asked for a manager and was given a different room higher up, at least it had a view. Then the next morning I realized that what I had was an adjoining suite and the conversation from the next room may as well have been had in my room. I checked out with the hotel refusing to refund my next 2 days stay for 2 rooms as it was prepaid on Orbitz. A 3 star hotel pretending to be more. Bad location, worse service, and I would never stay there again.	
Jan 25 2009 	Nice value!	I was in SF for a weekend business conference. The hotel is located in the financial district, right across the street from the Embarcadero Center. It is easily within walking distance to not only the major banks in the area, but also centers of entertainment. It is even a nice 25 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel itself is pleasant. The rooms are clean and modern. Bed is comfortable. Wireless and hook-up internet access is available. The desk staff and concierge are helpful. There is a fitness center in the hotel, but I did not use it. This hotel would be very good for the casual traveller and for the business traveller. It is in a good location and meets todays standards for comfort and amenities.	
Jan 22 2009 	There's something to be said for 4* Hotels	My husband and I normally stay in small, boutique hotels, but we were driving down from Sea Ranch and wanted to be near the Embarcadero so we went for the large, impersonal business type hotel. We got a fabulous rate because it was New Year's day and the day after. They upgraded us to a high floor with no problem and it was a lovely room. The concierge service was excellent... really good, non touristy recommendations for dinner and lunch. Having access to a free computer setup was very helpful. We stayed away from the breakfasts (only succombed to 1 drink at the bar) which is always extremely pricey in hotels like that. Didn't get to the gym, but I'm sure it was excellent. Wish there was a pool, but for what we paid, you can't get everything. I highly recommend the hotel expecially during down times when the rates are low.	
Jan 21 2009 	romantic getaway	We had a great weekend here.Great rooms and location.Got a fantastic rate directly from the hotel.	
Jan 15 2009 	expensive extra	confortable hotel in good location.service poor70 $ for breakfast for 260 $ for parking20% service charges plus taxes for room service	
Jan 15 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised that Le Meridien isnt' just a Business Hotel	We had traveled back to San Francisco to visit friends and family over the holidays. We booked three night and ended up adding another night at the end for about the same price we had booked for previously. We got an excellent deal because we stayed over a very dead time for hotels, especially in the Financial District.We checked in early on New Years day and were told there weren't any rooms ready, which we weren't surprised by. We were disappointed though as we hadn't gotten much sleep at our friend's house the night before. Luckily the guy was able to find us a room and it was a great one. We're often upgraded because we're Starwood Preferred guests and this time we got a great room on one of the top floors; a corner room with spectacular views of the bay. we could see Coit tower, north beach and everything.The room itself was in the typical Le Meridien style of somewhat modern, very clean and the room was very spacious. The bathroom was fine, but could have been updated with a nicer shower. I prefer 2 sinks as well, but this one only had one. One other nice thing though, was that there was a shelf area that really helped. it's just too crowded with all the toilottries if there is only one sink, but the shelf thing really helped with that.the mini bar prices were ridiculous, as was room service, but i guess that's to be expected.we originally were looking to stay closer to union square and i've always been turned off by the financial district location, but we were pleasantly surprised. it's easy to get cabs and the walk to bart isn't too bad.overall we were really impressed with our room, and the service of this hotel. it wasn't only sufficient for business travellers like I expected. although the location may not be quite as good as Union Square for leisure travellers, we got such a great deal that it was definitely worth it. We can't believe the value for the price we paid and we would definitely stay here again if the price was right.	
Jan 15 2009 	Beautiful views	Overall the experience was OK. The view from the room was the best part. Included the bay bridge and most of the wharf. The room itself was tiny and awkward - and we were upgraded (thank you). THe room was clean and nice but it lacked a coffee machine. We never really felt welcome almost like the staff didn't care we were there. Oh, the baby crib provided (thank you) was pathetic. It was barely a pack and play. No blankets, no pad, and not clean.We paid about 119 for the room and that was reasonable. Anything more than $200 and you should look elsewhere as there are far better hotels in SF such as ST Regis and W for about the same price.	
Jan 10 2009 	Good place to stay	Great location - easy to take the BART from the airport. Got a bit confused straight out of the Embarcadero Station but, typically, a helpful, local commuter pointed us in the right direction. Great room - spacious and good views including Bay Bridge. It's easy to get around from here on foot or using cable cars, trams, buses, ferries, the metro system etc. All within easy walking distance. The Embarcadero Station newspaper kiosk sells the visitor pass to use all transport except the line back to the airport.There is a Starbucks just across the street - great for a quick breakfast. The Embarcadero Centre has some restaurants on the second levels and a few more on the lower level. Many seemed to shut when the centre did, around 7. There were lots of bars which served food but we're never sure how this works with a 16 year old in tow. We're not used to eating so early - thankfully Le Meriden has a bar area which has a shortish but adequate menu. We ate there twice - the staff were really friendly and helpful. Note the main restaurant shuts at 2 in the afternoon!	
Jan 9 2009 	One of the best!	Dec 26-30, 2008, 2 roomsVery quiet and clean climate control system,Very comfortable beds,Spacious and/but cozy rooms with partial but nice view of bay bridge,Two Windows at corner can be opened fully,Kind staff members and good service,Convienent location in a quiet street in front of Embarcadero - easy acess to ferry buiding, union square, etc..,Very reasonable price - I would have stayed at 1.5 times the price I paid (~GBP60).	
Jan 6 2009 	Nice time at Le Meridien SF	We had a rather large family grouping visiting San Fran for two days and stayed at Le Meridien. We also had a rather complicated reservation as two rooms were booked one way and another room was booked differently. We arrived at noon (three hours before check-in) and not only did they easily link all the reservations, we were checked in and placed in rooms directly next to each other. It was a refreshingly quick and efficient check-in. I went in all three rooms after check-in to make sure they were the bed types we had requested, and everything was fine. The only thing I noticed was that some rooms are slightly larger than others, but this can be seen in the building maps as the building is larger toward the center, and narrower at the end. Even if getting a smaller room, I would not have thought anything of it. Our room had a slight view of the Bay Bridge, but was nothing spectacular. I did like the floor to ceiling windows and found the (what seemed to be) newly renovated room to be nice. Probably the biggest bonus to this hotel is the location. It's in the middle of all the action: Chinatown, Financial District, Embarcadero Center (mall), and only a couple blocks from the Ferry Plaza and Embarcadero. The location alone is worth it here let alone that it's a nice hotel.Also, as noted in many previous posts, parking is significantly steep at this hotel (as it is at most hotels around the city). I followed someone else's suggestion and parked at 1 Embarcadero Center (literally across a two lane street) for $32 dollars a day. This was a fine option and the walk was minimal at most.Pros:-Location, Location, LOCATION-Nice rooms-Good check-in and pleasant staffCons:-Not the best view?-Parking is expensive	
Jan 4 2009 	Excellent choice	We stayed for two nights at Le Meridien in late December 2008, and found it to be an excellent choice for staying in the city. We chose Le Meridien based on positive recommendations on TripAdvisor, combined with an unbeatable rate for four star accommodations. We were especially impressed with the professionalism of the staff-- when our trip to SF was delayed by a day due to a cancelled flight, the reservations clerk immediately offered to move our reservation forward a day, despite the fact that our rooms were technically a prepaid internet rate with no changes allowed. In addition, the front desk was very helpful with a speedy check-in after midnight (again due to airline delays), and our 15th floor room could not have been nicer or cleaner. The faux-corner view of the Bay Bridge (through opening sliding glass doors) was terrific, as was the quality of the bedding.  Lastly, the location was ideal-- after witnessing the chaos of the hordes of tourists in the Union Square area, we were relieved that we had chosen LM's location in the much less hectic financial district location. With the Ferry Building and Embarcadero BART station within walking distance, as well as the inviting Elephant and Castle pub across the street, we felt like there was plenty going on near the hotel, yet without the Times Square-ish atmosphere of the overtouristy Union Square area and the many luxury hotels located in that area. Overall, we were extremely pleased with Le Meridien-- especially given the great price-- and would gladly return the next time we are in San Francisco.	
Jan 3 2009 	Beautiful hotel less than perfect service.	The room was really very elegant and comfortable and the bed was wonderful...but...the staff was not very helpful or friendly. No one we phoned at the hotel seemed to have any knowledge about the rooms or have particularly good phone manners, but we booked one of their more expensive rooms hoping our needs would be covered. On arriving we were rushed into the front door, then, although we had requested an early check in (1 hour), were told our room would probably not be ready even by normal check in time! We later found out that rooms were, in fact, ready and available. Also, be sure to put out the privacy sign at night if you don't want to be disturbed early in the morning by housekeeping entering the room. We still enjoyed our stay, but now know not to expect much in the way of service.	
Jan 1 2009 	Impeccable choice!	Found this one on tripadvisor. The hotel was immaculate, the beds extremely comfortable, the pillows were steal-able though I didn't. The room was spacious and the view was extraordinary. Linda, the concierge, was not just professional but expert. Breakfast there, while expensive, is delicious and fresh. Worth it!Fabulous location, near the Ferry terminal and all public transportation.Best of all, incredible value. Thank you tripadvisor reviewers!	
Dec 17 2008 	Great Hotel	I recently stayed 4 nights at Le Meredian on a business trip. The hotel was within minutes of the Financial District in SF as well as a large high end shopping area. Check in and check out were very efficient. The front entrance is guarded by door men and valets, so a lot of attention is given to arriving guests. The room was extremely nice. I stayed in a business suite which has an office, balcony, and an oversized bathroom. I was a fan of the room design. The bed was very fluffy with an there were about 5 pillows on the king bed. A large flat screen TV was provided, along with a fully stocked in room bar.The bathroom was extremely spacious, with both a bathtub and shower provided. There is even a great view of the Bay Bridge from the bathroom. Hot water was very quick to come out. They even had fancy bathroom soaps, shampoo's and conditioners.The fitness center is well equiped and perfect for a business traveler. I worked out 2x's over my 4 day stay. Overall I found Le Meredian be an outstanding hotel and I would stay there again on future visits to San Francisco.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great hotel...but thin walls?	I really hate to write anything bad about this hotel so I will start with the good things. The price was really a steal. We stayed in the Studio Suite which was really nice and not too cramped. The bed was really comfortable, as were the pillows. I was impressed because usually pillows are way too puffy, big, and uncomfortable in most hotels. We stayed on the 6th floor and had a nice partial view of the Bay Bridge. The staff was very friendly and accommodating, and the concierge was really helpful during the entire 3 night stay. The bathroom was kind of small for this type of room in my opinion, but it was nice and the shower pressure was great and the water was hot. The lobby is pretty small and nothing too impressive, but decent enough. We also liked the location--just a few blocks from BART, and easy to catch public transportation or walk to other areas. We really enjoyed our stay here but for the following which happened twice!Our first night there after getting up at about 1:30 am to use the restroom, the guest next door was talking and laughing on her phone extremely loud. We happened to have a room with a partition, which could open up to a room next door (in those cases where you get 2 adjoining rooms). To her, it probably didn't seem loud, but it felt like she was in our room and it was really hard to get back to sleep. We almost moved to a new room the next night--the hotel was very accommodating with this request--but we figured it was just a chance of bad luck, and if it happened again we could call down and complain and the problem would be solved immediately. We should have moved!! The next night was fine. On the third night, we went to bed around 11 pm and were exhausted. To my surprise, at 2 AM, while in a DEEP sleep, I was suddenly awakened by these REALLY loud women speaking a foreign language and screaming/laughing. However, it wasn't even coming from the partition side (which is why the first night I figured we could hear the one lady) but on the other side of our room! The ladies were being really obnoxious and loud and it was unacceptable, so we called down to complain and security was sent up. The voices came down, but you could still hear people talking, even though they were not talking loud. I've never experienced that in any other hotel, unless people are in the hallway or someone is having a raging party next door. The next day I was really tired and disappointed that I didn't get a good's night sleep before traveling home. But all in all, we did enjoy our stay here and we will chalk it up to some bad luck, although there is obviously a problem with thin walls in this hotel.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great hotel + Good location	I've stayed 4 nights at Le Meridien SF and I really enjoyed my stay there. Friendly staff at check-in, nice room and perfect location. I really suggest this hotel.	
Dec 1 2008 	Pleased!	We were able to secure a wonderful rate for Thanksgiving weekend on the Le Meridian website for a studio suite @ $145. The amount was paid in advance (something I never do), but all was fine. The location is very nice and perfect for access to everything we love in the city, and although coffee was set out in the bar area in the morning, a Starbucks &amp; Peets Coffee was next door and across the street! Some of our favorite restaurants were within a 2 block walk.We drove from Santa Barbara, and to offset the $51 parking fee per night (that's the SF), we parked @ SFO for $14 per day and took the BART to the Embarcadero stop, then walked 3 blocks...easy peezy and fast. This was the Park Hyatt @ one time, but now is a meticulously maintained and lovely property. The room was spotless and spacious (#2106). Great view of the Coit Tower and bay. The window opened :)... providing the ocean breeze...which is a must for us. The bed was comfortable, but my only gripe, but important, was that the sheets were too small for the king bed...and thin. I was very surprised, as this is not the rule of thumb @ Starwood properties...hopefully this gets remedied. The feather comforter was wonderful as were the pillows. The bathroom was large with separate shower and small bath and spotlessly clean as well. This property is classy, and serenely low-key. The staff were knowledgeable and very professional. We've stayed @ Ritz Carltons, Four Seasons, Omni, independent Leading Hotels of the World, and other Starwood properties in many countries and found this to be very accomodating. My husband has found a new hotel for his future SF business as well. Merci... Le Meridian!	
Dec 1 2008 	Excellent Hotel ... But ... (a contrarian review)	My wife and I stayed at Le Meridien over the Thanksgiving weekend. We have traveled to San Francisco the day after Thanksgiving nearly every year for a number of years, to see the lighting of the Christmas tree in Union Square and the decorations and offerings in the big stores, ranging from Nieman Marcus and Bloomingdale's to Macy's, Gumps, and others.Since the hotels have virtually no business or convention travelers over the Thanksgiving weekend, most of their rates tend to be considerably lower than normal. Le Meridien was no exception.As so many other reviewers have attested, Le Meridien is a very good hotel. No argument. Our studio suite was relatively spacious and had a reasonably good view of a portion of the Bay Bridge and of Coit Tower. It was decorated in what I would call upscale contemporary and was fairly comfortable, though I would call it more &quot;designer chic&quot; than &quot;warm.&quot; No complaints; however, several of the other hotels we've stayed at in San Francisco had rooms approximately as nice, if often a bit smaller.Similarly, the hotel staff, though we had minimal interaction with them, were friendly and efficient.My two quibbles with this hotel are with things that cannot be remedied, and that are, admittedly, at least somewhat in the eye of the beholder, They are: (a) location, and (b) the lack of a truly memorable lobby or public amenities.(A) Location. Le Meridien does not have a bad location. It just has something of a &quot;blah&quot; or lackluster location. It is nearly a mile walk (level ground, if you choose the right streets) to Union Square, the historic and scenic heart of San Francisco and the center of the main shopping area. A taxi will cost about six or seven dollars each way if you include any tip. Also, L.M. has a hotel car that may be able to take you, provided that you book it in advance. Thus, location is a relatively minor quibble, but still a quibble, since there are so many other good hotels to compare to. (B) Lack of truly grand or memorable qualities. While Le Meridien has comfortable rooms and a capable staff, it lacks a certain memorable quality that a number of its compatriots have. To compare:The Hyatt Regency has a truly grand atrium lobby (the largest interior hotel lobby in the world, according to Guinness) and a location directly on the San Francisco waterfront, across from the Ferry Building and the public market. Its Christmas decorations in the atrium area are really attractive. (Le Meridien had a rather average- sized Christmas tree, little more.)The Westin Palace has its unforgettable Garden Court for dining.The Fairmont Hotel, on Nob Hill, has a grand enough facade that it was featured for the opening and closing credits of the television series &quot;Hotel&quot; (a number of years ago, but the facade and interior are still just as grand). Together with its lobby and other features, it is the very image of a grand hotel.Similarly, the Mark Hopkins Intercontinental and the Stanford Court share its &quot;top of the world&quot; location on Nob Hill.The Ritz Carlton has a facade and grandeur that many would say equals or surpasses that of the Fairmont.The Marriott, the Westin Market Street, the Westin St. Francis, the Nikko, the Hilton, the Four Seasons, the Monaco, the Campton Place, the Parc 55, and the Grand Hyatt (along with other hotels) are much closer to the shopping and restaurant scene centered on Union Square. Many of them, notably the St. Francis, are decked out regally for the holidays--and they're practically in the center of the action.In summary, Le Meridien is a very good hotel, with comfortable contemporary rooms, in a location which is okay but rather nondescript and not as convenient as that of the hotels centered around Union Squre or Nob Hill. Next time we'll probably pick a hotel closer to Union Square.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great Stay at the Le Meridien	My wife and I had a great stay at the Le Meridien. Our favorite part was the location. The hotel is located in the heart of the financial district with easy access from the airport by BART (a few blocks from the Embarcardero station). Although the tourist attractions are not right by the hotel, they are very easy to get to from this central location. Union Square is an easy walk as is Nob Hill and Fishermans Warf. There are also cable car stops a few blocks away. We were upgraded to a studio suite at check-in for no additional charge. The room was very nice with a large comfortable bed and extra seating area. The bathroom was nice and clean but nothing special.Many coffee shops in the vicinity for coffee/breakfast in the morning and a few bars as well for an evening drink.If you plan on driving, valet parking is very expensive (around $50/day). From my research, this seems to be common in this area.	
Nov 24 2008 	Perfect Location. Great Comfort.	Stayed 2 nights for a business trip at Le Meridien. Le Meridien is conveniently located in the Financial District and a mere 5 minutes away from the famous TransAmerica Building as well as the Embarcadero and Chinatown. The room was large and spacious, and there is a sliding door that allows for an obstructed view of the bay. Room came with a sitting area and a tv that acts as a partition between the bed and sitting area. Toiletries are bath and body works. Hotel also has a swanky Mercedes free of use to take you to nearby places if you reserve it ahead of it. Only downside is the size of the hotel bar. It is rather small and blends into the lobby/lounge. Overall, it was a fantastic stay!	
Nov 18 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	We booked through the hotel web-site for $119, plus tax. We were updgraded at check-in to the 19th floor. Our room was great and it had a balcony. The room and staff were wonderful. We did not use the room service. We ate breakfast at the Nob Hill Cafe, and it is somewhat pricey ($33 for two people), but the food is really, really good. We parked in the garage at One Embarcadero for $30/night. I am sure that a better deal could be found somewhere, but we didn't have a lot of time. The hotel is a $8 cab ride to fishermans wharf and a $6 cab ride to north beach. You could walk to these places if you'd like. We will stay here the next time we are in the city.	
Nov 12 2008 	Loved this Hotel!!!	We really enjoyed this hotel! It was very clean, very friendly, and we loved the location. It was quiet at night, which is important to us that don't regularly live in a city! The rooms were very clean and all the staff were very helpful. The concierge staff were incredibly helpful and fun. This hotel is a great find!!	
Nov 10 2008 	Great Hotel at a Great Price	We booked this room through Hot Wire so when I paid and saw the name I immediately came here to see the reviews. All the great reviews were right on the money!The bed was comfortable, the room was just the right size, the staff was great, and it was an excellent location as well. It was only a block to the cable car and there was a bus stop right on the corner of the hotel block. Every thing you could want was close by including China Town. Right across the street was an excellent pub called Elephant and Castle where we never had a bad meal. I would highly recommend it for breakfast, lunch or dinner and it was moderately priced. Which brings up the only bad part about the hotel; the prices at the hotel restaurant. We had breakfast there and for a regular 2 egg one meat type breakfast with coffees and juice for two people was over $50.00. It was good, but it wasn't $50 good.All in all though it was a great hotel and I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 5 2008 	Loved the hotel the service was great; I am still raving about the food.	Excellent location; easy to get to from the airport and close to public transportation , china town and market square. Wonderful experience. Highly recommend.	
Nov 5 2008 	Best Hotel on the West Coast	This hotel is one of a kind - the staff treats you like family and the accomdations are movie star-esq....GM Bob Lacasse is doing a wonderful job.	
Nov 4 2008 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at Le Meridien the last 2 nights of our 17 day trip in California. October 11th to the 13th. We had already explored the fishermans Wharf area the week before, so this was a perfect location,.Upon Check in I ask for a room on an upper floor with a bay view. She said lets see what we have and gave me a room on the 24th floor overlooking the bay. The Blue Angles were in town and we watched them right from the window of the room. The hotel was very accomodating I was not expecting this as we booked it through priceline and had a very very low rate. Room service was very fast and the food was hot. The internet use had a charge to hook up in the room, unlike our last hotel, but they had 4 user stations in the business center that we used instead.The room was large, clean and had a cd player with speakers next to the flat screen television. The staff was so helpful everytime we had a question and Barb and Laura the concierge's on duty were above and beyond. When we were packing to leave we called and ask the front desk for tape for our box of wine, and they said someone would be up in 10 min or so. Moments later there was a knock on the door, I don't know how he arrived so fast.Over all the experience was exceptional. We have stayed at many nice hotels, but the service here was 'OUTSTANDING&quot;	
Oct 29 2008 	Great experience at Le Meridien	Great stay here. The rooms were nice - floor to ceiling windows and we had a partial bay view. This hotel is dog friendly - no rules aside from putting a sign outside to warn the housekeeping. With the dog, it was very convenient - a couple blocks to some grassy areas and just a short 7 minute walk to the Ferry Building and lots of downtown restaurants. It's a bit Financial districty, but so central and close to the Embarcadero, North Beach, SoMa and Union Square. Be aware of the parking fees (around $50 per day) and breakfast added up quickly ($70!).	
Oct 14 2008 	Worth Every Cent!!!!	We Stayed At Le Meridien San Francisco During A Holiday To California September 2008. From The Moment We Stepped Out Of The Taxi Cab We Were Treated Amazingly By All The Staff At The Hotel. The Concierges Were Helpful in Giving Directions And Suggestions For Restaurants. Check-In Was Simple And The Hotel Was Able To Accomodate Our Early Check-In Request With No Problems. While High-Speed Wireless Internet Is Available At The Hotel, There Is A Fee Charged Per Day. However, The Hotel Does Have A Business Centre With 3 Computers With Highspeed Internet Available To All Guests. The Room Was Quite Spacious &amp; The Bed Was Extremely Comfortable. There Was A Large LCD Television, But No DVD Player. However After A Day Of Sightseeing, We Found No Need For A DVD Player Anyways. Overall, Our Stay At Le Meridien Was Amazing And Worth Every Penny!!!! Would Definitely Stay Here Again.	
Oct 10 2008 	Amazing Stay!!	The hotel staff was very helpful in booking a last minute stay and everthing turned out great!! We had a beautiful room on the top floor with a great view! We will definitely return...	
Sep 28 2008 	Spectacular View and Best room imaginable!	We are loyal Starwood fans and have stayed in the St. Francis and the Palace in San Francisco. Le Meridien's rooms are far superior to these. Our two rooms on the 23rd floor had spectacular views of coit tower, Washington Square cathedral, the bay and the transamerican building. The view was better than any of the hotels we have stayed in S.F. (Marriot Fisherman's wharf, St. Francis, The Palace, Omni, Milano, Grand Hyatt, Sir Francis Drake, etc. - we are in S.F. a few days each year) The staff was very cordial and professional. The rooms were amazing! We can easily say the amenities, linens, spaciousness, and luxurious bathrooms were among the nicest rooms we have stayed in anywhere. Everything was beautiful and we feel we have discovered a new &quot;favorite hotel&quot;. The financial district is great if you want to enjoy the entire city rather than just Union square. We were in S.F. for the Opera and to have brunch with a friend. A taxi to the opera was less than $10. This would mean a taxi to Union square would be under $5 and within walking distance or California street cable car. Chinatown and the Embarcadero are walking distance. Farmer's market is nearby. Museums of SOMA are a 15 minute walk or under $5 for a taxi. The restaurants of Belden Place are closer to the Omni, but only an additional 5-10 minute walk from Le Meridien. Of course the rooms at Le Meridien are far more spacious and luxurious. We had adjoining rooms at the Omni last year and viewed an alley with half the space in the rooms. If I had to choose something negative to say about the Meridien - the parking was $49. A little ridiculous.	
Sep 21 2008 	Beautiful Hotel Fantastic Location	My girlfriend and I stayed at Le Meridien in San Francisco for 3 nights in September 2008.We were able to land a suite for under $200 US because we booked it in the week before we travelled and prepaid the entire stay. Fantastic rate and great value.Anyway, the hotel is very nice, and the room was very large and very well designed as well. There was a large screen plasma TV that could rotate between facing the bed or the sofa area. The staff were very pleasant and the valet service (which is mandatory if you have a car) was very quick to bring the car up.We didn't eat in the restaurant so we can't comment on that, but definitely thought it was at least a quasi-five star experience, and coupled with the value (again, under $200 a night!) left us very happy with our experience. Be sure to check the hotel website for these types of discounts, because it was much cheaper than anything we saw on other websites.The location was also tremendous. It's in the financial district, which wasn't so useful, but is a only about a 5 minute walk to the piers, 15 minutes max to Union Square, and 20 minutes to Fishermans Wharf. We also caught a Giants game and it was a nice 20 minute walk along the Embarcadero from AT&amp;T Stadium. All things considered, would absolutely stay again.	
Sep 17 2008 	Fabulous Location	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Le Meridien in San Francisco. The hotel was clean, the rooms comfortable and the location was fabulous. The rooms: On the small side for $300 but the view was great (Room 707 - a lower floor in this 22 floor beauty) and the room had a very functional plan. Mini bar was not overpriced for SFO.The hotel: Bar 333 &amp; Bistro serves a stiff drink and is a great place to relax. Our friends enjoyed eating in the Park Grill on the 3rd floor and felt the menu was great. The fitness center offers some nice equipment to run on and lift weights. The location: Wow! A few blocks up hill and you are in Chinatown, a few blocks to the west and you are at Pier 39 and a few blocks to the east and you are shopping at Union Square. Don't overlook the Embarcadero Center across the street which has some great stores and places to eat. Late night drinks can't be beat right next door at the Elephant &amp; Castle Pub.We did a Sonoma Wine Tour with Beau Wine Tours and it was great. We had an 8 person limo for 9 hours for under $1000 with tip and it came with champagne and a knowledgeable driver. Ask for Steve! He took us over the Golden Gate Bridge and we stopped for pictures in both directions. He recommended The Girl &amp; The Fig for lunch in Sonoma - it was fabulous!	
Sep 16 2008 	My visit	I had a great stay in the Hotel. The staff of this hotel is the tops and very friendly. I would recomend this hotel highly. I stayed on the 24th floor and the views were outstanding. Also the food in the hotel is second to none from the breakfast to dinner. I will be back soon.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great Location	My husband and I just returned from a great weekend in San Francisco. We travel often, but this was our first trip to San Francisco. The Meridian Hotel was a great choice. We booked our trip through the American Express fine hotels program, therefore we received an upgraded room and daily breakfast. We arrived early in the morning and the hotel was able to accommodate our request for an early check in which was very much appreciated after a long flight. Check in was smooth and the bell service was prompt and informative. The rooms are clean and well maintained with very modern decor. We had a great view from our room on the 22nd floor. We ate breakfast in the restaurant each morning. The breakfast menu was diverse and the service in the restaurant was excellent.  The location of the hotel was great. It is close to many attractions. We were able to walk to Fisherman's Wharf, the Ferry Building, Chinatown, and the Alcatraz Ferry. The street car that runs along Embarcadero is also close to the hotel. The Alcatraz night tour was great and we especially enjoyed taking the ferry to Sausalito.  I would highly recommend this hotel for its great location, good service, and helpful staff. We followed up our weekend in San Francisco with a couple of days in Napa and Half Moon Bay. I would return to this hotel.	
Sep 7 2008 	nice hotel	The room was very nice and spacious. The bed and sheets weren't as comfortable as I expected. The service and staff was very good and friendly. Favorite thing about hotel is the complimentary house car that will take you around the city.	
Sep 1 2008 	An amazing hotel!!!	I booked this hotel through Hotwire (4.5 star hotel in FInancial District) and was very impressed! The hotel was amazing...super luxurious...and the best part was the hotel car that takes you anywhere you want to go with a reservation for FREE! It was a beautiful Mercedes too! Let me tell you - is so nice to have a ride take you directly from the hotel to your destination without having to look for a taxi, etc. Everyone was so welcoming an nice. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.If traveling for the first time to SF like me...do the bike tour of the Golden Gate to Sausalito and Tiburon. Highlight of our stay.	
Sep 1 2008 	Very Nice Stay	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights at the end of August. The location was very convenient. We actually flew into SFO and took the BART train to the Embarcadero stop and were able to walk to the hotel. It's a bit of a process, but significantly less expensive than taking a taxi. We also walked down to the Embarcadero shops and restaurants and even walked all the way up to Pier 39. Being that the hotel is in the financial district, there aren't quite as many options for dining and bars at night as some other neighborhoods, but we were always able to find something. As for the hotel itself, the room was large and clean. The bathroom was fine as well. As others have mentioned, the beds were very comfortable. We had a nice view of the bay from the 18th floor. We also appreciated that they accommodated us when we requested an early check-in. We made the mistake of going to the hotel restaurant one morning for breakfast. While the omelette was good, it wasn't quite worth it's $30 price tag (I don't remember exactly how much it was, but it was something ridiculous). We used to concierge several times for recommendations and each time, we were happy. We asked for a restaurant in Chinatown and were sent to nice little restaurant where the majority of patrons were locals (which makes me a lot happier than being sent to a tourist trap). The other two restaurants the concierge suggested were also right in line with what we asked for. They also gave us good directions to a couple other places we wanted to go.All in all, I have no complaints about the hotel. We would stay there again, no question.	
Aug 30 2008 	confortable hotel	Excellent hotel , good location , nice room , frendly concierge .	
Aug 29 2008 	Great great great	Excellent excellent excellent - from the moment we checked in to the moment we checked out, the service was exceptional.The young man on the front desk (with a goatee) was wonderful. He greeted us by name each time we walked in and out, he meet our needs when we asked the change rooms (our room was next to the elevator and we could hear it go up and down the shaft all night).The hotel is in a great neighborhood, close to the ferry building and the embarcadero. The best thing about it is that there are no homeless people near it (this is a HUGE problem in SF)The views were magnificent!Best of all, although this is a big hotel, it felt like a small boutique hotel.The rooms were well decorated and were very large! I liked everything about this hotel, if I ever go back to SF, I will definately stay here again if I can get it for a good rate.I used to work in SF and have looked at rooms in just about every hotel and stayed at a lot of the hotels, and this is by far the best hotel I have stayed at in SF!	
Aug 26 2008 	Le Meridien = Le marvelous	location...concierges...food...great shows=teatro zinzanni...ferry building for ferries to sausalito and tiburon...room had flat screen, great for olympics...le meridien=le marvelousBOOMERS FROM SAN DIEGORALPH AND MARJORIE	
Aug 22 2008 	Awesome location	Stayed here for 6 nights with my husband and son. We arrived at 11am thinking we would just drop off our luggage and hit the town. The room was surprisingly ready so we were able to check-in early. Since there were no rooms with two double beds available, we were given a room on the 17th floor with a king size bed. I requested a roll-away bed and that was delivered the next day. If I had any complaints at all, it would be having to call again for the roll-away bed but this is really a non-issue.The hotel is in a great location in the financial district. We took the BART between SFO and the hotel. At $5.35 per person one way, it is more economical than a cab. The BART station is only a few blocks away in the Embarcadero area. Also, the hotel is within blocks of lots of MUNI bus and train lines so travel is convenient. In fact, I would discourage renting a car unless necessary since valet parking is $50 + taxes per night. The pillowtop bed is incredibly comfortable. I usually don't sleep well in hotels but the Le Meridien bed is an exception. Also, the hotel was extremely quiet. Our room was very close to the elevators but I did not hear people in the hallway or in the rooms next door. The lady at the concierge desk is amazing. I swear she is a human GPS. She'll give awesome recommendations for restaurants.Check-out was easy with no surprises. Overall, this upscale hotel is highly recommended and its location is hard to beat.	
Aug 18 2008 	Most comfortable beds ever!	The hotel was very beautiful and the service was impeccable. The rooms were relatively spacious for being in downtown San Fran. Most of all though, the beds were like sleeping on a cloud. They were extremely comfortable so much so that I almost over slept and missed my seminar. All in all I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 15 2008 	Perfect Experience	I stayed at Le Meridien for three nights and everything was exactly what we wanted. We were in a room on the 21st floor with a 180 degree view of the Bay and the City. The view was great. This was my first time to San Francisco and had a lot of sightseeing plans. The hotel was in the perfect spot to use as a homebase. Walking distance from Union Square, North Beach, Chinatown, Nob Hill, SOMA and Fisherman's wharf. The staff was great. A relative surprised us with wine and cheese in the room and the staff handled it tremendously. Angela the concierge was great always able to get us reservations and sending us to restaurants that were exactly what we were looking for at the time. The room was big with a modern feel. I would highly recommend staying here to everyone.	
Aug 13 2008 	Nicely remodeled a bit overpriced	The Le Meridian located is located in the financial district of San Francisco, and has recently undergone a major renovation. Rooms are nicely appointed, staff is friendly and efficient, and I'd recommend it to anyone wanting to stay near the Embarcadero or Market Street. Rates are a bit high ($250+ per night) but that seems to be the going rate for the downtown area.	
Aug 11 2008 	In the Middle of the City	Le Meridien is a wonderful hotel. The wife and I stayed in a King mini suite, on the 18th floor. The view was spectacular, and because you can actually open the glass door to the outside you can take in some air. We were able to lean out and see much of downtown, including the Bay bridge. The place is first class, and takes care of you. As we were already in the city, we attempted a 12:45 check-in, they were more than willing to accomodate our needs. As others have stated, my only complaint is the $55 valet parking fee (only motel parking fee available). But I am sure my car was very comfortable. If you have the time, walk over to Union center, and eat the Cottage Pie at Foley's pub, excellent.	
Aug 6 2008	Very nice Hotel	We 2 A, 2 c) booked Le Meridien via Expedia. 40% off + 1 day free. Got very nice, cleany spacious room on 20th floor. Beds are comfortable, batrooom clean and new with marmor / granite, LCD screen + large window with GREAT VIEW on downtown + bay.It is just one block to califormia st. cable car line, starbucks is across the street and a shopping mall just beside. The only down turn is the valet parking which is very expensive. if you solve this, no reason to take any other hotel &lt; 200 USD in San Francisco.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Le Meridien for three days this past July (2008) and could not have been happier with our stay. I booked the hotel through Priceline at half the published rate. The room was spacious, the bedding very comfortable, and the room nicely furnished and very clean. Staff were polite and helpful. In fact, the front desk employee upgraded our room upon check-in to one that would be more spacious than the one originally assigned to us. Great location in the Financial District. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 5 2008 	Fantastic hotel	What a wonderful hotel. I highly recommend it. Our room was fantastic. As it was our honeymoon, we were upgraded to a room on the 20th floor with a view of the city and bay. The room itself was great - modern, amazing bed and nice bathroom. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. I didn't want to leave!One complaint is the price of parking - it is valet only and was $56/night. If you stay here, park next door at the Embacadero Center as it's $30/night.	
Aug 1 2008 	Great Hotel	Excellent all around, no complaints. Stay here!	
Jul 31 2008 	Excellent Property in Financial District	I've had a number of business trips to San Francisco recently and have been slowly trying out various hotels. I have to say I was bit skeptical about staying at the Le Meridien given its location, but TripAdvisor reviews convinced me otherwise. And they were right. While I was only there overnight, I was very impressed. Check-in was the one area I'd leave for improvement, although that always comes down to the specific person. Otherwise, the hotel was immaculate, well-designed and user-friendly. In typical Starwood fashion, I was given an available upgrade to a junior suite, which was very much appreciated. The room was spacious, comfortable and trendy. They gym was iniviting and impressive. All-in-all, other than not being in the center of a lively nightlife, this is a hotel I highly recommend.	
Jul 29 2008 	Bedbugs	On the one hand, I am amazed at the positive reviews on this site, while at the same time I can appreciate them -- that is, if you avoided a room with BEDBUGS.I spent two nights at Le Meridien in October 2007. As a loyal Starwood member (though I typically stay at the W Hotel chain), I stayed there (and spent $400+/night) based on my positive prior Starwood experiences.I thought the hotel on its face was great -- excellent location, nice rooms, great views, etc. Unfortunately, I awoke Saturday morning after arriving late Friday with a series of bug bites on my torso. Given that it had been a warm fall night the evening before and I was out walking in the city both before and after dinner, I thought it possible they were mosquito bites. Not having had any prior experiences with (or knowledge of) bedbugs, I didn't give it much thought and headed out for the day.When I awoke the second morning (I returned to New York later that day), I found yet more bites -- this time much more uncomfortable and prolific -- on my arms and hands. At this point I should have figured out something was amiss, but I was in a rush to meet friends and catch my flight.Only upon returning to New York where the bites continued did I do some research, ask around, etc. and discover that I had brought home bedbugs. They ultimately infested two rooms of my home, and cost me $4000 in extermination costs and to replace my couch and headboard.Upon notifying the hotel of what had happened, I was blithely informed that &quot;after your inquiry, we checked the room and, thankfully, no pests&quot;. Multiple e-mail and phone exchanges with management were fruitless, and ultimately I gave up after a final conversation with the manager who assured me that they had received &quot;no other complaints&quot;.Having (sadly) become an expert on bedbugs, I can assure you they were acquired at THIS HOTEL. I would say stay at your own risk, keep your bags off of the floor and take all other precautions you will find on the internet on avoiding bringing home bedbugs.Good luck out there....	
Jul 26 2008 	Wanted for nothing at this fine hotel	If staying in the financial district of San Francisco, I cannot recommed Le Meridien enough. The rooms are all newly renovated, with tasteful furnishings. Service was absolutely exemplary. The in-room dining was excellent (I only ordered breakfast) although quite expensive. The room was reasonably priced for this part of SF, and if you appreciate fine service and attention to detail, this is your hotel.	
Jul 24 2008	Solid/A-	My fiancee and I stayed at the Meridien over July 4th weekend. Excellent room at a reasonable price. Clean, spacious, great concierge! The gym was wonderful and the staff friendly. We even enjoyed the little hotel bar, where the staff were personable and interesting. Excellent location. So-so bathrooms. Fine views. A fine hotel for business, vacation, or first-timers to SF.	
Jul 24 2008 	First class!	Stayed at Le Meridien SF for five nights. Superb room with small terrace and views towards Bay and Bay Bridge. Beds were wonderfully comfortable and the bathroom was a good size - but the power of the shower left a lot to be desired. I wonder why hotels of this category still use shower curtains.Hotel staff could not have been more friendly, helpful and efficient. In-room dining very good.Hotel well-situated but area rather dead at night.All-in-all a wonderful stay.	
Jul 20 2008 	Fantastic hotel	We stayed in this hotel for three nights over independance weekend, we had a corner room which was fantastic, the bathroom was huge, complementary internet in available, staff were very friendly and helpful, the hotel is in a good location, easy to catch the cable cars and about 15 minutes walk to the piers. This is a hotel we would recommend to any visitors to san Francisco.	
Jul 13 2008	Excellent Location	Clean attractive hotel with wonderful view. Very friendly. Close walk to downtown shopping, North Beach and Ferry Building. Close to buses and BART. Very friendly staff and helpful concierge. Used Best Rate Guarantee with posted Expedia rate for 50% off. First we were given the run around as exact room not listed. After almost one week, Expedia posted new room and we booked it directly through website. It was then honoured. Staff first gave us wrong room number and cleaners let us in wrong room. Water pressure is awful and sometimes only drips out and you have to take a bath, esp. mid-week when business travellers there. First time we complained, front desk said sending someone to fix it but it wasn't fixed. Next day, more mature person told us the truth that this is a problem in the hotel that will be fixed later in the year through extensive renovation. Lower floors are supposed to be better. 2nd to last day our keys were de-activated and I had to show my ID although I had been in hotel for one week but my partner was &quot;remembered&quot; and did not have to show ID. Nothing was offered for plumbing problem except to switch floors. Overall, it is a nice hotel in a great location but I would wait until their plumbing reno is done.	
Jul 7 2008 	It's Okay	I stayed at the Le Meridien for 4th of July weekend with my fiance in a Studio Suite. The bed was comfortable and the LG tv was great (the tv did not rotate so we could not view the tv in the living room area). The bathroom was too small and it did not have enough counter space. The bell boys never asked us if we needed help with our bags,they just looked. The conceirge was slow and we waited for over 15 minutes for help. We liked the bartender but the bar was too small and people were standing over us while we enjoyed our drinks. Room service had great food. Overall I wouldn't stay at this hotel again. There were too many small problems that we did not like.	
Jun 28 2008 	Pretty Nice Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Le Meridien from June 20-24, 2008. We checked in around 11:00 p.m. and the lobby bar was hopping and the front desk staff were very friendly. We stayed on the 10th floor in a studio suite. It was a great room. We had a bathroom that had a separate tub and shower and our views from our two windows were of the bay bridge to the right and one of the Transamerica building (pyramid shaped building) in the financial district. I enjoyed the separation of the living room from the bedroom with the big flat screen TV. I did notice something in the shower at the bottom of it. It felt slimy all the time, but I tried to wipe it off, but it never went away. Not sure what the slime was, but it looked and wiped up clean??? We stayed at the end of the hall and never heard one person coming in or out of their rooms. Super quiet! We did eat breakfeast on the 3rd floor and it was fine. I did have room service and they were very accommodating with my order. Fast and friendly service. Oh by the way, I made the housekeeper on the phone laugh until she cried when I called down there and told them I needed a new hairdryer becuase I dropped ours in the toliet (long story) :) The location of the hotel was also fabulous. You are three blocks from the Piers and the start/end of the street cars (trolly's). The staff and location was great and I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Happy traveling!!!	
Jun 20 2008	Amazing location!	My boyfriend and I were in San Francisco for the Memorial Day long weekend and had a wonderful stay at Le Meridien. It's the perfect location for people who want to throw on their walking shoes and explore the city. We did a walking tour through China Town (fodor's has a great one on their website), North Beach and Fisherman's Wharf. We did opt to rent a car for transportation to and from the airport as well as two day trips (Muir Woods &amp; Napa), but the parking is extremely expensive. Park across the street at the Embarcadero Center lot for only $30 per day (vs $50 at the hotel). We actually parked on the street on Sunday since you don't have to feed the meters and we had to leave early Monday morning anyway. If you plan on going to Muir Woods, definitely get there early because by noon (Saturday or Sunday) parking is hard to find. Also, we did a tour of Alcatraz which we highly recommend. Make sure to book your tickets online well in advance of your visit because it's highly unlikely that you can get tickets within 72hrs of wanting to take the tour. The tour was sold out for 6 days when we arrived. Last transportation hint, use the Embarcadero trolley line for $1.50 per person (exact change only) instead of cabbing it or parking near Fisherman's Wharf. The ticket can be used for hours after purchase, so it's a great way to save a few bucks.One great perk for the hotel (which my boyfriend found) was the free shoe-shines. There are special bags in the closet which have the details on them. You call down to the front desk, they pick up yours shoes and have them back within a half hour. The last night, we checked out a comedy show right across the street from the hotel at the Punchline Comedy Club. It was a great time!	
Jun 16 2008 	Wonderful!	Le Meridien was excellent. My first trip to San Fran and this was a great hotel. I had a wonderful view of the Bay and the bridge from my window. The staff was very welcoming and friendly. I would recommend this hotel and hope to stay there again.	
Jun 2 2008 	Will be back!	We got a great rate $155. Stayed May 31 and June 1. We loved it.Fabulous large room with view of bay. The room had a huge comfortable king bed with premium linens. Spacious marble bath with all 5 star amenities. Hotel is in great location close to Chinatown, NorthBeach and Embarcadero. We opted for room service 1 night and like most big hotels the room service was really pricey $68 for 2 burgers and 2 iced teas. (excellent burger by the way)I think the most notable thing about this hotel was the service. With the exception of one clueless doorman, everyone was wonderful. We requested a coffee setup in our room and it wasdelivered in 5 minutes. Excellent service from the bell service to housekeeping. Be aware that parking in San Francisco is expensive so if you do come by car expect to be charged around $50 per night to park it.As we have stayed many times in the City this is about the going rate. We parked the car and either took a cab or walked wherever we went. Taxi's in the City are not that expensive. I felt they were a lot more reasonable than what we encountered in NY City.	
May 24 2008 	Really Good Hotel	Stayed at Le Meridien this week on a business trip and I was very impressed. Check in was quick, room on the 17th floor was large, clean, modern with a wonderful view. The bathroom was quite large and the bed was a king. I'd stay there again in a heartbeat. Plenty of power outlets and internet connection was easy. Location was quite favorable as well. Found the staff to be very friendly and they served free, good coffee in the lobby!	
May 22 2008 	Awesome weekend stay in SF	I was working in Sacramento and had to stay over the weekend, so I went in to SF on Friday night. I booked the Le Meridien over Expedia for an amazing rate. The hotel was insanely busy, but the check-in process was reasonable and they had my room, so I was happy. Upon arriving in my room, I discovered the amazing views they have. A corner of the room is floor-to-ceiling windows and in hangs out of the edge of the building. You can pull the reading chair in to the space and just stare out at the city.The breakfast price was a bit ridiculous, so I went out for b-fast both days, and also ate out for lunch and dinner. The location is very convenient for all the tourist sites and catching a trolley.	
May 19 2008 	Very Nice Rooms	I checked into the hotel on Friday evening. I was given a business suite. The suite was very spacious. Although I was only on the 8th floor, I had views of the bay out of all of my windows. My room also had a small balcony. My only criticism is that the hotel advertises that a courtesy shuttle is offered a night. Although the hotel does have a Mercedes S Class sedan that takes guests around town, you have to make a reservation well in advance. I was never able to use that service and I suspect that most guests will not be able to use that service.	
May 9 2008	Loved it	Stayed Friday to Sunday in a studio suite here. The rooms are recently renovated, they need new pictures on the web to show this. It was a fantastic stay and I found great restaurants and nightlife within easy walking distance. The bed was the best ever, everything was top notch. My room had a tiny balcony, really just a ledge, but the door opened fully for fresh air. I did not dine in the hotel, but have no doubt it would have been excellent too. Staff was friendly and great. Hotel is pricey, but has great weekend rates. Go stay here, you will not be disappointed.	
May 4 2008 	Excellent service and value	Spent Friday and Saturday night at the end of April for the grand price of $ 121. per night for 3 persons through Travelocity. Suggest parking at the Embarcadero across the street - $30.00 for 24 hours. Parking at the hotel is $ 49.00 per night. Cab ride to Fisherman’s Wharf is $ 7.00 each way. For a meal, suggest the Cheesecake Factory at the top of Macy’s – Union Square location. Great view from the ninth floor including the activities at Union Square. Walk to the Ferry Building which has a market and restaurants as well as a great view of the bridge to Oakland. Comfortable walk to Chinatown, Union Square, Nob Hill, Embarcadero, Fisherman’s Wharf etc. Our room was spacious, clean, beautifully appointed, comfortable bed with white linens and comforter. While we did not pay for bay view room, we were given a room with a partial bay view facing the ferry building and Embarcadero. This was a bonus for us as it was very pleasant view. There was a night club next door – Friday night was quiet but could hear the loud music on Saturday night – would be an issue if you are a light sleeper. For the price we paid we had no complaints and we would return. Excellent service, very polite and courteous staff – check in took all of 3 minutes.	
Apr 26 2008 	Great Hotel - Get what you pay for	A very nice hotel. Clean, QUIET, high quality, nice service, great location, beautiful room...Don't forget how expensive parking is all around San Francisco. $50 a day at this hotel with full valet.No perks here. Just straightforward - expensive but excellent.	
Apr 22 2008 	Great stay great hotel	My girlfriend and I just spent the weekend at the Le Meridien and had a great time. From the initial contact at check in, to departure the next day, the staff was very helpful. We had a room on the north side, 18th floor. The view from the room made it had to go out for dinner. We will be back, as this was one of the best hotel experience we've had in the CIty. Be sure to make dinner reservations in the area early since the restaurants around the hotel were busy and the grill at the hotel was expensive.	
Apr 18 2008	Rooms just ok staff needs training	I recently stayed at Le Meridien on a business trip. My problem with the hotel was not that it had problems, but that staff members didn't even pretend to care. When someone (from staff) knocked repeatedly on my door at 6:30 in the morning for no reason, there was no apology. When I told them at checkout, there was no apology. When I asked about wireless access in the lobby (which I had already been promised and I had paid for), I was told casually that it didn't work. When I pointed out that I had paid for it and it was a problem, no one seemed to care. Management needs to take a closer look at teaching staff to at least pretend like they care about guests.	
Apr 14 2008 	Lovely hotel in San Francisco	I stayed on business at Le Meridien this month. It is conveniently located for business and pleasure. My room had sliding glass doors that opened (an increasing rarity) and a view of the bay. the fitness room was well equipped and clean.I ordered room service for breakfast - service was great and the coffee was piping hot.The best part of my stay was the luxurious bed, comforter and sound soother. I had one of the best nights of sleep in a hotel room at Le Meridien!Needless to say, I'll be back the next time I'm in SF.	
Apr 9 2008	Good if you can get a deal.	We were quite happy with our stay at this hotel. It was clean and designed well. We paid less than $200 for the night, but the regular rate in normal seasons is more than twice this. We would consider staying here again if the price is right, but for what they normally charge, it is outrageous. I'd put it in the same quality as Hotel Nikko, The Orchard, The Argent (all which are good, if under $200). But if you aren't looking at a deal, look elsewhere (like the Fairmont, if the price is similar). We didn't find the hotel to be anything special compared to other hotels we have stayed in in the city. That said, it was a good stay. The room was nice. The location was good. If you like to walk, it is easy to get to Chinatown, North Beach, Embarcadero, etc. I will disagree with the poster who stated there was nowhere to eat nearby. As long as you are willing to walk 5 - 10 minutes, you can reach more than 100 options (Chinatown and North Beach). If you do stay here, park across the street at Embarcadero One. It's $30 for 24 hours. The hotel charges $50. On a weekend, you can find street parking for free. Just make sure you read the signs and know if you need to move your car. We parked at the Embarcadero.	
Apr 8 2008	Gimme a break	I can only guess that the other reviewers stayed in some other version of this property than i stayed in, as the loud party next door only ceased to be a distraction when i was moved at 2 AM. Also, the renovations that were to have been completed, and feel free to confirm this, but they were definitely still painting. Kind of sad because the location, the exterior, the setting, everything the others said is true, it's just the staff, ask them for anything, toothpaste, shaving cream, no help, but directions and they draw a map of the state of California. Could use quality control but mostly, they could use selectivity when it comes to parties. I'm not sure there is anything special about the property but i can see where others could think so, as it could be so much better.	
Apr 7 2008	Hip SF Hotel	We stayed in a suite that was very nicely decorated with a big plasma tv that was in the center of the room so you could watch it in bed or in your private living area. That was the first nice suprise. It was such a pleasure to stay in a hip luxury hotel. I highly recommend this hotel since it's very central making cab fare moderate for going to different neighborhoods. Our stay was too short so we didn't have a chance to check out the bar in the hotel lobby, next time.	
Apr 7 2008 	Good Location Hotel	the hotel located in a very convenient place.walk to Embakardero and China town.the people in the hotel are very warm. they remember your name after you check-in.	
Apr 5 2008 	Le Meridien-The Best	I travel extensively throughout the US and this hotel should be 5 star in all areas. Best service, polite staff, quiet room, knowledgable concierge, comfortable bed, great spa products in the bath, best room view, great exercise area, nice pool, great restaurant with superior service and wine list. Spent one day in meetings and these accomodations were located on a quiet floor with welcoming staff. And, if that weren't enough, superb location to the bay and shopping! A hotel that will be first on my list when visiting again.	
Apr 2 2008 	Loved Loved this place	Was looking for a weekend get away to SF and found a great deal on this hotel. Booked the room through Expedia. According to them, the normal rate was $500+ per night. We got the room for $159.00 for a Saturday night. Great place to stay, so clean, fresh, modern, excellent staff, room was beautiful, nice flat screen, DVD player, stereo, perfect. No complaints at all. Location is near the Embarcadero and the Ferry Building. Great location if you like walking around and blending in with the locals. Since it was a weekend, most restaurants near the hotel were closed, but that was fine since we had dinner and evening plans elsewhere. Another bonus, since this is near the Bay Bridge side of the City, it was rather quiet at night so we were able to sleep with the window open and not be kept awake with road/street noise! This is my new place to stay for weekend get aways to SF.	
Mar 29 2008 	PERFECT IN EVERY WAY	There's a reason I like staying in Starwood Hotels--they strive for excellence and meet all of my expectations as a frequent Starwood hotel guest. Le Meridien Hotel is no exception. Perfect hotel in every way. The staff was extremely competent, helpful and polite. I stayed here on business, but also brought my son. The hotel provided me with a babysitter (licensed &amp; bonded) who was an absolute gem. We were upgraded to a studio suite with a king bed. Gorgeous view of the bay. Huge room, huge bathroom. Every amenity you could think of. Plenty of room to move around, even with an extra rollaway cot, ironing boards and multiple computers. Room service excellent, especially breakfast. Great coffee. Close to everything. Valet very quick. The bed was the most comfortable bed ever, and I never wanted to get out of it. The most restful sleep ever in a hotel. I will definitely stay here again. Best hotel I've stayed at in San Francisco. This hotel is rated 5 stars and deserves every star.	
Mar 25 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	Beautiful hotel from the moment we walked in! Concierge lady very nice, and helpful. Hallway carpeting smelled new. Our guestroom had 2 double beds, and large sitting area. Gorgeous room, and bathroom. We didn't eat at the hotel. There is a Starbucks across the street, and Embaradero Center also across the street. The Center is comprised of 4 high rise buildings with a continuous walkway through street level, with outdoor entrance stores and eateries. The area is great. About a 30 minute walk to Pier 39, or Union Square. Financial district is kind of dead at night. I wouldn't walk alone. Overall a fabulous weekend stay with my two daughters!	
Feb 28 2008	wonderful weekend getaway	Beautiful hotel with attention to detail. From the moment we dropped off our car @ the Valet to breakfast in the restaurant before our check-out. Housekeeping was very prompt with request for extra pillows. Room Service was extremely efficient. Nice touch to have complimenty coffee &amp; tea in the lobby! The sound music in the elevators was enjoyed and different, also enjoyed the music in the lobby. Our room was perfect, spotless and very modern. The beds are dreamy. Complimentry beauty products were delicious &amp; luxurious (basil &amp; lime body soap!), granite bathroom with everything you need (scale, hair dryer, magnifying mirror!). Le Meridien is first class operation and well worth every $. I have stayed @ many other hotels in SF and Le Meridien by far was the best. Easy, enjoyable and relaxing from start to finish!	
Feb 27 2008 	nice hotel good location great concierge	Hotel rooms are nice, but typical. The concierge desk is really fantastic. Always very friendly with great local advise. The resturant is the lobby bar - not special and the breakfast is slow and very expensive. Eat elsewhere and you will really enjoy your stay!	
Feb 21 2008 	Best hotel in Financial District and city	Firstly, the statement from the last reviewer commenting that Le Meridien Hotel in San Francisco does not have an on-site gym is incorrect. It actually has one of the best on-site gyms featured in a hotel-a weight machine for every body part, free weights and every cardio machine you can think of, not to mention it is open to guests 24 hours a day. For a daily gym-goer this is very important to me and I will always stay here for that reason alone. As far as the rest of the hotel, I find the service to be impeccable and apparently the concierge staff are know to be the finest and most knowledgeable in the city. The rooms have breathtaking views of the city and bay and are extremely spacious. The hotel has implemented an art program and now provide complimentary passes to Yerba Buena Arts Center for all guests at check in. A nice, classy touch I would say! I love this hotel and would recommend highly for any type of traveler!	
Feb 18 2008 	The same old business - and not a hint of French romance	My wife and I live in the Bay Area and stayed at the Le Meridien on SPG points for a single night to get away from the kids for a bit. Because the property was recently taken over by the Le Meridien brand of Starwood (it was formerly the Park Hyatt), we were hoping that Starwood would have spruced the place up a bit, consistent with other Le Meridien properties. How wrong we were. The place is pure business hotel, and a rather dark and musty one at that. Not a hint of charm on the property. Also, there is no on-site gym - you must travel ten blocks, although then you do get to use the swanky Bay Club. Nothing was particularly awful, we just hoped for much more from a hotel of this rating.	
Feb 18 2008 	Comfy modern rooms...	Just returned from a weekend stay (Feb 16-18 2008). After reading the reviews on TripAdvisor, I checked out the hotel's website and and discovered they were running a &quot;sale&quot; good for select weekends of 2008. Found a room for $150 (+taxes) and decided to jump on the opportunity for a weekend getaway. We flew into Oakland and used the Airbart+BART system to get into SF (the cost is $6.55 each way). It's very convenient to use either SFO or Oakland to get into town; I highly recommend it. We packed light so it was no problem at all to walk the 3 blocks from the Embarcadero (or Montgomery) BART stations to the hotel. We arrived at the hotel at noon and expected to drop off our luggage, we were surprised to find that our room was ready so they checked us in early. The room we booked through the sale was for 2 double beds, but we requested a King bed instead and were quickly accommodated. Nice, easy process with polite and professional staff.Rooms are tastefully decorated with very modern, but very comfy furniture. Nice bathroom, great-smelling toiletries, nicely stocked mini-bar but you can expect to pay 4 star prices for the snacks and drinks.For some quick, inexpensive breakfast choices walk through The Embarcadero Center mall. Or keep walking and check out the choices in in The Ferry Building.The hotel is located in the financial district so entertainment/night life in the immediate surrounding area is non-existent, but this is SF so walk just a few blocks and you'll join the hustle and bustle of the city.The concierge was very helpful in booking dinner at Chaya. My only slight disappointment is that the complimentary car service was never available for our use. I guess we'll try to do book that way in advance the next time we visit this hotel.	
Feb 14 2008 	Loved Le Meridien!!	We came to SF for the NADA Convention, so we booked through their vendor. Paid $299/nt for a King room. Not a bad price when every hotel in town is booked. We arrived on a Thursday- early, that is key to attending a convention. We were graciously upgraded to a King room with a city and a bay view on the 23rd floor. Ask for room 2310 for an awesome view! Our view encompassed the Trans America building, Coit tower, part of the Bay Bridge and the surrounding water and city. The best of both!! Many thanks to the front desk staff- Joshua.The room was very comfortable for the two of us, my husband and I. The bed was great - pillows/comforter, etc. Contemporary, simple elegance was the decor. The location gets an A+. No crowds, no noise and seemed safe- always a big factor for us when travelling. The Ferry Terminal was a quick walk-great! As were several restaurants and shops. We took a quick ride on the Muni tram ($1.50 each) from the Ferry Terminal over to Fisherman's Warf. Fast and very easy. We also took the BART to and from the airport- very easy. Take a cab from BART stop to the hotel-short ride.Save the $45 for dinner! So many great choices. We loved Ozumo's for Sushi! The Concierge staff gets an A+ as well. William stood out for his very professional manner, knowledge and his ability to help you with every situation. He always recommended the perfect restaurants. While multi-tasking, He always gave VIP service to all. Many thanks William for all of your help. You are a great asset to the hotel. The Fitness Center is also very good. Very Clean, neat. Fresh towels, water, fruit. The machines were all working. The Housekeeping staff will even wash your workout clothes for free that day! We ate one breakfast at the hotel's Park Grill. The food and service was excellent- A+. The only downside is that they charge $6.00 for a cup of coffee. Go in the Lobby and get a delicious free cup first. You can't go wrong with this hotel. My husband said after we were home that he missed Le Meridien. That is a very rare statement coming from him. Don't hesitate to book it. I did because of what other Trip Advisor reviewers wrote and they were right- it's great!	
Feb 5 2008 	If you find a good price you need to saty here	My husband and I went on a short trip to San Fran. I wanted to stay downtown and found a really good deal on hotels.com This hotel was the nicest hotel I have stayed in for a long time. The room was big, we had a great view of the Bay bridge and coit tower. It is in the finial district so pretty quite at night. there were a few bars around and also a movie theater. The hotel does have a town car sercive so we had them drop us off at Fog city dinner and then we just walked back. i woudl not pay the listed price for the room but we got a great room for $170.	
Jan 19 2008 	Felt like a celebrity!	We found a low rate on Travelocity. Contacted Le Meridien directly and got the low rate, plus another 10% off. I mentioned that it was our anniversary and asked for a room on one of the higher floors. We booked a junior suite for $135. When we arrived, we found out that we were upgraded to a full King Suite on the 24th floor. The room also had a jacuzzi tub. The view of the bay was beautiful. (Ths was a $600 room) The concierge knew our name and greeted us by name whenever we entered the lobby. Location is great and you can easily walk to Union Square and the piers. Had a wonderful stay and would love to stay there again.	
Jan 12 2008 	Well Done!	This was the former Park Hyatt Hotel in San Francisco. Recently the hotel changed hands and is now Le Meridien. It's a perfect business location in the heart of the financial district and near the embarcadero. Business travelers will love the location, however leisure travelers may find it just a bit too far from the heart of the city, things like Union Square.The hotel's lobby feels a little cold to me. It is all marble and chrome and seems a little dated and a little sterile and cold.However the staff is great and very helpful and warms up the cold lobby with their smiles.The rooms are nice, they are a bit on the small side, but have nice amenties like cozy comforters and great products in the bathroom.Some of the rooms have stunning views of the bay. We were not so lucky as our view looked into buildings and you could just make out some of the bay.The service level was good, I personally like the location that is a little out of the hussle and bussle of the tourist mobs. However I think the lobby is dated and the hotel could use a make-over.This is a good choice for San Francisco, but not my first choice.	
Jan 11 2008 	Absolutely wonderful...	We (My wife and another couple) chose this hotel originally because of a great deal we received. When we arrived, the bellhop and valet were right there and ready to offer assistance. When we checked in we asked about the possibilities of getting DVD players in our room, there was a brief bit of explaining that would be an extra charge. However, when we explained we were told when we booked the rooms the DVD players would be included in our rate, the front desk immediately checked and before we had unpacked our bags they were being installed. After this brief problem we headed to our rooms. On opening the door we were greeted with a very plush, modern room that was nicely decorated. What put this stay over the top, and made us in awe of this hotel was the concierge. We stopped by the desk for some recommendations on dinner and when we were finished the concierge had scheduled reservations at two restaurants, scheduled the hotel's car to take us and pick us up on one of the evenings, and rescheduled our cancelled Alcatraz tour. Every restaurant recommended was delicious. The staff at this hotel rose above and beyond and made our stay wonderful.	
Jan 5 2008 	I loved this hotel	I have stayed in Le Meridien chain a lot and have never been disappointed. This one was no exception. It has beautiful rooms, marshmallow-like comfortable beds and marble bathrooms. The staff were also very professional, courteous and friendly. It is conveniently located near the Embarcadero Center, but not very well-known to taxi drivers.	
Jan 5 2008 	Wonderful Hotel- Always enjoy staying here	We decided to spend our New Year's in SF. After checking many hotel sites for prices, we turned to Hotwire saw a great room deal for a 4 1/2 star hotel, and by the comments figured it was Le Meridian. We were frequent Park Hyatt customers, so were anxious to return. Well the hotel is the same, with high quality standards. We checked in quickly, and had a nice room with two sliders opening to a view of the Bay Bridge and Ferry Building through the Embarcadero office towers. Nice big bathroom and really comfortable bed. Room was spotless. Our bags were delivered by the bell man, and he filled the ice bucket before he left us. We had contacted the concierge before arriving for help in making brunch reservations, and what a pleasure it was to deal with the concierge staff- very friendly, helpful, and professional. Would definately return to this property, it is very relaxing to return to after a day out in the city.	
Jan 3 2008 	Highly recommended	Not a place I usually stay in SF but the price was right so I took a chance and boy was I surprised! The entire family loved the hotel, everyone went out of their way to help with the slightest request and the location was perfect for walking to Chinatown or even Union Square (a nice 10 minute walk). Rooms were large and the bed very comfortable. Bathrooms were all done in marble and very nice, only thing I wished for was a larger tub to soak in after walking all day!Really enjoyed it and will be staying there on our next trip to SF.	
Jan 3 2008 	Not that good!	My family stayed there for 3 nights, loved some things and disliked others. The concierges were great! Front desk staff were lousy. The walls were also very thin, you could hear everything that goes on next door. Our stay hit bottom when we checked out and was charged 3 nights instead of 2. We had reserved our room under the stay 2 nights and get 1 free package that was on their website. Not only was the offer not honored but the staff on duty was rude and lazy, didn't want to lift one finger to help, basically just refused to do anything about that mistake. I had to yell to get the manager to reverse the charge. Bottomline, would not stay there again for that price. Want to find a hotel with better service.	
Jan 3 2008 	Can't Wait to Go Back!	I was a little apprehensive about the financial district location on the weekend, but after visiting the Union Square area for shopping, I was thankful to have such a peaceful place to return to.The hotel was the best I've stayed at in SF. I rarely say this, but the staff were incredible. Everyone aknowledged you coming and going, the concierge was friendly and helpful, they pressed the elevator button for you if they saw you coming loaded with packages, etc. In the morning, coffee was available in the lobby and in mid-morning, hot cider and tea cakes. (I learned later that you could request an in-room coffee pot.)The room was huge, and with SPG Gold, I got a bay view room for $139. The bed was incredible. I don't understand the previous comment about the sliding bathroom door. In my mind, it gets the door completely out of the way.I would go out of my way to stay here in SF. I didn't want to leave, and I can't wait to go back.	
Jan 1 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel; the staff was extremely friendly and helpful along with a great location just two blocks from the Wharf and China Town. The room was clean and the bedding was first class. I would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 27 2007	Very nice stay	I had stayed here when it was a Park Hyatt and it still is a great place to stay in SFO. We had a studio suite with a separate living room separated by an awkwardly placed tv credenza. Clean, sophisticated, and a good deal as well. Will return on the next trip to San Francisco.	
Dec 26 2007 	VIP treatment and comfort with value	This is a great hotel, especially if you are staying several days and are using it as a &quot;launch pad&quot; for destinations in and out of the city.The rooms are exceedingly spacious, comfortable, and feature a lot of nice amenities that make you feel at home. A mild criticism is that the lighting could be slightly better, and that the Internet connection price is a bit steep. The rooms - and facility as a whole - are very quiet, so even when the hotel is busier, you feel as though you have the entire place to yourself. Check-in and check-out took less than a minute, which was outstanding. The customer service is impeccable - with the staff making sure to address you by name - and gives the guest the feeling that they are VIP's.The neighborhood where the hotel is situated is in the heart of the Financial District, which felt very safe and was quiet. It is within easy walking distance to transit and the cable cars. I would think this is a plus to those traveling with family and/or children.All in all, I highly recommend this hotel, and will definitely stay there again. What you get for the price is quite a bargain for San Francisco, and the customer service is definitely a reason to compel me to return.	
Dec 22 2007 	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Le Meridien for two nights this December. Had an excellent experience. The staff was very friendly, calling my wife and I by are names fromthe moment we arrived. the hotel itself is of modern decor and very clean. The room was spotless. The bed was very comfortable and clean. We were traveling with a 9-month-old and are always concerned about the cleanliness of a hotel.The hotel is located in a financial district, so it tends to get quiet in the area after business hours. There is a Starbucks right outside the front door which is convenient, as well as a SF Soup Compnay (fast food) right around the corner. There is a shopping area directly across the street, but it appears to cater to the working crowd and closes early.You can walk to Union Square; however, a cab ride from the hotel to the Westfield Nordstrom Center only cost us $7, so I recommend the cab depending on the weather.Overall, we got this room for $129/ night on Expedia and for the money, I highly recommend the hotel. It was also kid/infant friendly.	
Dec 9 2007 	Clean efficient good location	We stayed at the hotel 5 nights and service was impeccable. Newspaper was at our doorstep each morning and near reception desk self service coffee table is available for guests. I also needed to use the hotel's overnight dry cleaning service and my coat was ready for me early in the morning. Concierges were also friendly and helpful. Other than that location is very good although in weekends you may feel a wee bit deserted. Our room was spacious and the veranda with view to the bay bridge was magnificent. I would expect, however, a free use of internet.	
Nov 6 2007 	Average hotel service so-so	I stayed a free night at Le Meridien using SPG points. Upon check-in, staff was lukewarm at best. Not friendly nor rude, just indifferent. The room was clean and quiet despite being next to the elevator. It took awhile for the bellhop to deliver the luggage and to help pick it up upon checkout. Average stay.	
Nov 4 2007 	Fantastic time	We stayed for two nights and it was fantastic. The room was very clean, the concierge was brilliant and the location was great. Would definately stay again.	
Nov 3 2007 	Great hotel for business travel - but avoid rooms ending in 06	Service is what you'd expect at a Starwood hotel - great! Staff is gracious and extremely helpful. Top notch conceirge. Even the doormen are excellent. Also, if you are a Starwood member, there are perks - I got upgraded to a suite. My only fuss is that there is no coffee maker in the room if you like your burst of java right when you get up. Perfect hotel if you are here on business. The hotel is always full but extremely quiet. Please read the following closely if you are a light sleeper: Do not stay in any room numbers ending in 06. Those are the corner suites w/living room that give you the fabulous view of Coit tower and Bay bridge (sounds like the best), but the rooms are also directly above the hotel's parking garage! In the middle of the night, I heard a beep, beep, beep - - and it was the garage sensor. I was on the 14th floor, so maybe if you were higher it would be okay? Anyway, I wouldn't risk it. I called guest services, and they immediately relocated me to the opposite corner &amp; highest floor, 24th. Suite rooms ending in 01 are city view corner suites but noise free. Would I stay here again when traveling for business? Most definitely. Just not in 06 rooms! Love the location, the comfortable beds and top notch service. There are always variations with rooms regardless where you stay, what differenciates this hotel from others is their great customer service &amp; how they respond to issues, which is key for a good stay!	
Oct 29 2007 	Great Location Nice Hotel	We stayed there for 3 days while doing everything possible in San Francisco and it was great. Of course, the great part was that we got the hotel for $93/night off Priceline, and the hotel that weekend was going for $469/night. :-)When we checked in, we could tell there were problems. The staff seemed a little stressed (but they were still pleasant) and some people were waiting a long time. We showed up looking scruffy, having just driven for about 9 hours down the coastal highway. The guy who helped us was most pleasant and professional. He said they were overbooked, and we said we'd already purchased and paid for our rooms. He went into the back to check with a manager, and then checked us all in. One of us (me :-( ) got the last standard room they had in the place. The 2 other couples with us were upgraded to Suites! All for $93 a night. Amazing. Never once did they balk at giving us those rooms at that price. The rooms were nice and clean. Beds comfy. Robes great. Sliding door to the bathroom just plain stupid. I liked that you could open a window to get fresh air. Couldn't hear any street noise, but we were in the Business district on the weekend. We didn't eat there so I can't comment on the food. But the location was excellent. A few blocks to Chinatown and the water. Not a bad walk to Fisherman's Wharf. The subway is also just a few blocks away. The Embarcadero Center is attached to the hotel via a walk-way; we ate there for dinner one night and parked our car there. Cheaper than Valet and very convenient! We paid about $30 a day.We ate at the Elephant and Castle across the street and it was fine. The staff was really pleasant, food ok. (not real British food, but they tried!)Overall we'd stay there again.	
Oct 28 2007 	Excellent but pricey	My husband and I spent 7 nights at Le Meridien as the first leg of our honeymoon. I chose Le Meridien after the wonderful experience we had at the one in Budapest some years ago and the good ratings it had received from other travellers.We booked it via American Express as they were doing a deal, buy two nights and get third free, so we booked in blocks to make up a week.We arrived at the hotel at approx 10pm. Check-in was quick and efficient and the staff were very pleasant.Our room was on the top floor and was on the corner so we got views of the city and the sea which was great.The room was amazing. Spotlessly clean. It had a separate lounge area, the bedroom and then a bathroom which was absolutely massive.The king-sized bed was really comfy and I probably had the best nights sleep in it that I've had in a long time. There was plenty of wardrobe and drawer space. The bathroom was all marble tiled with a huge sink and a bath with shower over it. Toiletries were very nice.The room was made up every day.The hotel concierge were very helpful and only too keen to assist when my husband left his coat and jumper in the back of a taxi. We eventually got them back. They also supplied is with very large umbrellas upon request to cater for a very rainy day at Alcatraz.There is a little business room hidden at the rear of the concierge desk that you wouldn't otherwise know about. We were informed of it by some other English guests who we met. We just asked to use it and there is free internet use and facilities to print out.A good thing I noticed towards the end of our stay was compimentary tea and coffee served in one side of the entrance lounge in the mornings. I think they only did it until about 10am though, because one morning I checked and there was nothing there.The hotel's location in the financial district was excellent for us. It was a bit out of the way of the main shopping area and therefore a little bit quieter I think. It was still only a 5/10mins walk into the main centre and it was still very close to restaurants and pubs.We ended up paying about £300 per night for our stay, which at the time of booking we didn't mind because it was our honeymoon. However, having stayed in a Marriott hotel for the second week of our honeymoon, for more than £100 less per night, I think we did pay quite a lot of money for what we got at the Meridien. We did enjoy the huge room and brilliant view but I'm sure there were other just as nice hotels offering more for their money.	
Oct 25 2007 	Best Concierge I have ever met	We got an excellent rate for this hotel on Expedia. Since we have been to San Francisco many times, we didn't care so much about where we stayed and the price was right. Our room was very nice and comfortable. Quiet. Good view of the TransAmerica tower...partial view of the bay. Location was tourist friendly. Easy to get to most tourist sights. The shining star of this hotel was the concierge staff. They were all good but Laura stood out. She sent us to 4 very good restaruants. I watched as she greeted &quot;regulars&quot; and how she handled a problem with a tour operator that failed to pick up some guests. She had the patience of a saint while helping a couple book multiple tours over a 4 day period. She was awesome!	
Oct 24 2007 	This property is not on a par with the Park Hyatt it replaced	Since I stayed at this property many times when it was a Park Hyatt, I decided to try it out as Le Meridien. The property looks the same with some very minor furniture and rug changes in the lobby. Our suite on 19 looked the same with the exception of new carpeting. Perhaps I am nitpicking, but my sense of the lobby staff was that they are not as polished as the prior Park Hyatt staff. I did see some familiar faces and was greeted warmly by the outside bellman who remembered me. We ordered room service dinner that evening and I must say the food was substandard for the level of this property. The caesar salad was terrible and the chicken and fish dishes we ordered were mediocre. The room service tab was $100 for diner style food. Housekeeping staff was excellent, both in room cleaning and turn down service, friendly and efficient. I hated the soaps in the tub and sink. Seemed like ' natural' soaps that were slim in size and melted too quickly. I prefer a hard milled soap in a hotel and these seemed like craft fair soaps, more natural ? The guest profile during my stay struck me as convention or tour group types. Call me judgemental but the people staying at this property were a few notches below the previous Park Hyatt guest. Most were loud, mannerless, annoying to my ears, oh well. All in all its a good location in the embarcadero close to sights and good restaurants, a good long walk to Union Square. Good views if you're lucky to get a bay view room/suite. I just feel for a supposedly luxury brand this Le Meridien falls a bit short.	
Oct 20 2007 	nice rooms but but nothing outstanding	great location / very nice rooms / clean / modern / my only complaint was at check-in .... if I'd been a full paying guest it would have been totally unacceptable. We sat in the lobby for at least an hour waiting for our room from about 2:30 to 3:30 ... maybe even longer, I forget now. We did great on Price Line at about 144 for the room .... so I over looked the wait !	
Oct 9 2007 	Wonderful room!	Excellent room with an excellent view! I work for the government and even got the government rate for my stay (it was a slow week for hotels though)! I would highly recommend for any business visitor!	
Oct 8 2007 	Very very nice hotel	This is a truly excellent property. I only stayed for one night on business. When I checked in I got upgraded to a &quot;studio suite&quot;, which was a very large room with a seating area and an excellent view of the Bay Bridge. The bathroom was huge and had a seperate tub and shower. The concierge recommended an outstanding restaurant for dinner (Rubicon) and was very helpful for a couple of other questions I had. No doubts that I would stay here again.	
Sep 25 2007 	Class Act	This is a very nice hotel. The front desk and concierge were very friendly and helpful. The room was nice with an bay view. I really liked the bed with the down pillows and bathroom. The location was within walking distance to the Ferry building and North Beach. We got the room on Priceline and paid around $180 a night. It was more than we like to pay, but the town was sold out. I would stay here again. I thought this was one of the better hotels in San Francisco.	
Sep 24 2007 	Great mix of corporate and boutique	It's in a great location in downtown San Francisco - about two blocks from the Ferry Terminal Building, and about three blocks from the TransAmerica building.The person who checked us in was very friendly, and although we were on the lowest hotel floor (7), we had great views of the Bay Bridge from a small balcony. We had a small office area with a desk and two chairs, which was great for setting up a laptop. Unfortunately the wireless access isn't free.The decor is modern - more boutique hotel than corporate. The bed was really nice and comfortable. The bathroom was large and the products were nice. There's a large gym in the basement of the hotel. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 20 2007 	Good price nice room snotty staff	I got a good deal on this hotel through Hotwire. The locations was very good, close to markets and restaurants at the old ferry terminal, a relatively short up hill stroll to Union Square, but in a quiet area of the city. The room decor was nice, pretty much what I would expect of a Le Meridien, and the bed very comfortable. We had a small balcony which looked out to the water and I think the Bay Bridge, if you peered between the other tall buildings. The room was quite dark inside due to the location in amongst other big buildings. The reception area is elegant and modern and there is complimentary coffee available in the bar area in the morning. Although they are usually of a good quality I tend to find these chain 4/5 star hotels a bit faceless and samey, and unless there's something special there I can only really ever describe them as 'nice'. Often it's the customer service that makes all the difference. Unfortunately the check-in at Le Meridien did nothing to create a good impression - the condescending guy behind the desk talked down to us (I wondered if it was because I'd booked on a discount website...), and as none of the staff did anything else to make a lasting impression, that set my final feeling on the place.	
Sep 18 2007 	Great location very comfy hotel	The beds are extra comfy and fluffy, the bathrooms are decked out in marble. It's a very cushy place in the middle of the business district. We had a great view and enjoyed opening up our sliding door to get a San Fran breeze. The bar is fun downstairs and bartenders very nice to chat with. Ended up chatting with the nicest couple from England at the bar. The concierge was excellent and pointed us in the right direction every time. It's a short walk through the Embarcadero buildings (with lots of shopping to distract you) to the Piers and cable car line.	
Sep 17 2007 	Terrific	Stayed here for 7 days from the labor day w/end. This was my first visit to San Francisco and really did not know what to expect, there were so many hotels to chose from. What a bonus to have picked Le Meridien. Had a room on the 21st floor with a lovely view, but the best thing of all that it was Quiet- quiet - quiet. Our room was opposite the lift but honestly did not hear a single thing outside of the room for the entire seven days. Remarkable!!	
Sep 14 2007 	Lovely Hotel Worth the Walk!	I Booked this hotel very last minute on spg website becuase one of the night (sat) at the hotel that I stay at (westin market street) was completely sold out so I decided to give this hotel a try since this used to be a park Hyatt. The hotel is kinda off-center so it required a bit walking but its not a bad idea the area is very safe even at night so it makes the walk a light exercise. The hotel lobby is small (was surprised about this) but the staffs at this hotel are extremely friendly. They made you feel that they actually enjoyed working at this property. Upon check-in, I got upgraded to a nice studio suite at room 1806 over looking at the coit tower and transamerica. The room is large with a sitting area. big bathroom as well. Shower pressure was great and also the bed was very comfortable. I am going to order a famous Westin Heavenly bed after this trip. I would just sit on my bed looking at the bay in the morning enjoying this wonderful view. I now understand why people are sad about leaving their favorite hotel. Its just so peaceful (and quiet, you don't hear ur neighbor's voice, nice soundproof) that you can totally relax while you are in the room.One of the most remarkable thing about this hotel is the concierge team. William was very nice gentlemen who gave me lots suggestion for places to visit and to eat in SF. He made my trip much easier especially when I am walking by myself in this town. As for the gym, you can not compare to the 24 hour fitness or other profesionall gym facility, but its adequate size and not many people are using it. Trust me, they have all the machines that you needed to workout, ignore other reviewer's complain. The machines are in the good condition as well. As for the swimming pool. This is SF, not LA. Most hotel built in the early to mid 1900s, the land is very expensive, its not cost-efficient to keep a pool in a hotel thats in a business / financial district since most of the customers are business man, they need a place to relax and sleep, not a swimming pool or beach scene. SF is not a city thats famous for its beach scene, go to LA if you want a hotel with a swimming pool!.As for the elevator, its fast, but i do agree with others that the music that they play was a bit creppy.Overall, this IS a lovely hotel and I will return again when I return to SF for work/fun!	
Sep 10 2007 	Ok - nothing special	I came to San Francisco on a business trip and having read some of the other reviews here I'm wondering if I'm staying in the same hotel. I've stayed in a lot of hotels around the world and for me this hotel is strictly average. Why do I say that?? Well ... 1) Location - it is 20 mins walk to Union square area, 10 mins to China town and there's little in the immediate area. Overall not really very great for anywhere - there are many hotels much much closer to the main shopping areas 2) The rooms - decor is fine but they aren't very big. I had a bay view room on the 22nd and would have expected more for this class of hotel 3) Gym - it is really small, no pool, about 15 machines, not even a changing room so you have to go between there and your room in your sweaty gym kit - nice for everyone else using the elevator ! 4) Other facilities - well there aren't really any apart from a bar and a restaurant. Overall, this hotel for me as a 4* is ok but that's all. It is small and lacks anything to make me feel that I would want to stay here again. I'm sure you can do better elsewhere for similar or lower rate - try the Ritz Carlton (amazing) or the 4 Seasons (very nice) or the Marriott (good).	
Sep 8 2007 	Overall nice hotel	We stayed at this hotel because we had a wedding rate and close to reception. Very nice room, we were on the 19th floor with a beautiful view of the bay and city. Could see the sail boats and bay bridge from the room. Typical furniture, tv was a little low when viewing in bed. The king bed was very comfy. The bathroom mirrors were excellent, but the bathroom door was a little wierd. It was on a sliding track, like a pocket door, but it didn't close all the way. There was a gap between the door and the wall. It was not broken, that was the way it was. The hotel staff was very nice. When we checked in the lady gave us our keys and we went up the elevator. Looked at the key folder for our room number and she forgot to write it down. Doormen were very helpful, and even drove us to the ferry building in the hotel car cause we were late to catch a ferry. If you are looking to stay close to the piers, I would probably stay somewhere else. In the financial district, this is a nice hotel.	
Sep 5 2007 	Le Meridien San Francisco: comfy beds amazing location and good food	I normally travel on business and truly enjoy taking advantage of my starwood points. And this weekend stay at Le Meridien was no different, except that it's in my home town. I stayed here to rest, eat food, get room service and explore my own town on foot. The location really is perfect and it's almost like our little secret. It's in the financial district which is only a few FLAT blocks from chinatown, union square, fisherman's wharf, giant's stadium and BART. There's good shopping across the street and it's not crowded on the weekends because it's a local mall. The only outdoor mall in SF, actually.But, I didn't spend a ton of time at the mall because I also wanted to just hang out at the hotel. I ate a few times at Bar 333 and ordered lots of room service. One of the best things in this world is room service when it's done right. Le Meridien's team is top notch. One day their soup of the day was to die for and their ceasar salad has the best dressing. It comes with very fresh anchovies, but it doesn't have to if that's not your thing. The bar was good too. Cool music, really comfy down pillows on the lounch couches and it's fun to sit by the window and peopel watch while sipping the best martini I think I've had while living in SF. I highly recommend this hotel and in fact, a ton of my colleagues are taking me up on it. Internet speed is awesome, check in is quick, the rooms are clean, comfy and well suited to single people on up to families wishing to experience SF.	
Sep 2 2007 	expedia price couldn't be beat	We got an amazing rate at Le Meridien -- about $160 per night, which is unbelievable for San Francisco. When I checked in with two teenagers, the kind woman at the front desk said, &quot;I bet they'd like a view...&quot; and promptly put us in a room with a bay view on the 24th floor. Everything was perfectly clean, the view was amazing. The concierge was friendly, knowledgable and helpful. I would call this a great business hotel. I'm not sure I'd agree that it's a five-star hotel, as some ads claim, but it's a solid four-star stay in a great location.	
Aug 29 2007 	Can't wait to go back!	We booked for mid-August 2007 for a 3 night stay in a (Spectacular Non-smoking, Panoramic View, Large Marble Bathroom, Floor to Ceiling Windows, 413 Sq Feet With 180 Degree Views of The Bay) room only to find that it was a bit too small for us. We called the front desk immediately and asked to be upgraded for $50 more per night for the (Studio Suite Non-smoking, City View, Wireless Internet Connection, Separate Bath/shower/toilet, Floor to Ceiling Windows). The bellhop responded within minutes and we were extremely satisfied with our new digs – a corner suite on the 22nd floor. We booked directly from the hotel’s site and got the 3rd night free deal. With the discount, it came to about $360 per night including taxes &amp; fees. Not bad at all for the room and area I think.Room 2219 was fantastic. It was just the two of us, but we would be having visitors from the area to come and meet us at the hotel before a night out so it was very nice to have a separate living area from the bedroom. The bathroom was much bigger than the non-suite room too and even had a nice floor to ceiling window view as well. The room had a small patio balcony that overlooked the Embarcadero &amp; Golden Gate Bridge. The bedroom had a lovely view to the Transamerica, Coit Tower and Telegraph Hill. Everything was very clean and décor was contemporary &amp; efficiently done. The bed is wonderful. Had the best sleep ever, and am planning to purchase a WESTIN BED in the near future. TV in both living area and in the bedroom so it was nice to chill out in a comfy bed to a movie after a day of shopping &amp; sightseeing. The hotel staff was very pleasant from the registration – which was pretty effortless – to the concierge’s, bellhops, housecleaning &amp; the bar wait staff. No complaints about the service or the room at all – both either met or exceeded my expectations. The only thing that I found rather odd about our experience at the Le Meridien was the elevator. Every time we got in, they were playing some sort of “sound”…I don’t even know what to call it as it wasn’t music. It was anything from rainforest sounds, water sounds, Tibetan flute, birds, whales or dolphins, and etc…. I suppose it was better than cheesy elevator music as it always gave us a chuckle although I’m not sure if this was the hotel designer’s original intention. The hotel is situated very close to the Embarcadero (try the farmers market on the weekends!) and within walking distance to Union Square &amp; Chinatown. Keep in mind that being located in the Financial District, many of the immediate areas’ restaurants may be closed on Sundays. The plus side of this is that it is extremely quiet during the weekend nights - that is as quiet as one could be in the middle of a major metropolis. The cost to valet park (no self park) the car in the hotel (or indeed most hotels in this area) would have been about $60 per 24hrs plus the cost of a rental car – together, this would have exceeded our taxi bills significantly, so we relied on taxi’s and our two feet for getting around for the 3 days we were here. We found this sufficient enough plus the exercise was a good excuse to splurge on some fantastically rich dinners at one of the many good restaurants! For those who would like to save money, I suppose the buses would be a good alternative as they seemed plentiful. San Francisco, especially downtown San Francisco is going to be spendy in every way and it is indeed a challenge to make it a “budget” vacation. So make sure to save accordingly even if it means to cut the trip short a day or two to avoid the stress of overspending.	
Aug 27 2007	Great Hotel ... Great Room!	LOVED THIS PROPERTY!! Upon checking in, the hotel lobby had an inviting look and a jazzy soundtrack filling the space. Once I got to my room, I was shocked at the size of it! Like a true Starwood property, the linens, furniture and special touches instantly made the trip excellent. The New York suite was enormous and full of ample seating, windows, views, tvs and room to stretch out. Yes ... two televisions! The work space was large and roomy with a very fast internet connection. Not to mention that room service was not only delish, but arrivied very fast. The hotel bar is a great place to meet friends after work or before dinner ... and the bartenders will even remember your drink if you return the next night! Would I stay again and recommend ... you bet!	
Aug 26 2007 	Great experience at Le Meridien	My family (husband and 2 teenaged daughters) stayed at Le Meridien for 3 nights recently and were quite pleased with the experience. I was a little bit apprenhensive at first when I made the booking because I thought perhaps we should stay closer to Union Square since our two teeenaged daugthers were with us. As it turned out, the location of Le Meridien is actually quite ideal. It's close to many attractions and it's still within walking distance to Union Square.Our room had a great view, was well appointed and we received excellent service from everyone at the hotel, especially from the concierge and housekeeping staff. In fact, one of my daughters left her expensive hair straightener in the room, and when she called the hotel after she found out it's missing, the housekeeping staff (Tecla?) was able to find it right away and shipped it back to us promptly. We were very impressed with her professional manner and caring. We would definitely consider staying at this hotel again on our future visits to San Francisco.	
Aug 25 2007 	very nice hotel and view	Simply stated this was an amazing hotel, Solid 4 star. I upgraded to a partial bay view on the 20th floor and was very pleased. The beds were like sleeping on clouds. If you can get a room on special I would reccomend this hotel. Parking is like 50 bucks a day.	
Aug 20 2007 	Lovely experience and good value in a pricey city	My husband and I stayed for two nights in June as a leisurely side-trip after attending a family event in the Bay area. I booked several months in advance via the hotel's website, and chose a Studio Suite at about $300/nt. In a tricky city for hotels, I felt this would be a good compromise between expense and comfort, and we were not disappointed. In fact, Le Meridien exceeded our expectations in many regards.Check-in was smooth and efficient, and the concierge and door staff were consistently courteous. Location was excellent: we were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go, but were removed from crowds and noise around Union Square.The room was larger than I expected, with a very comfortable bed and a pleasant sitting area featuring wonderful views of the Bay Bridge. The bathroom was also large and beautifully equipped with separate shower and tub. Closet space was adequate but not unusually capacious. Everything--linens, carpets, upholstery, bathroom surfaces--was spotless (and I am the sort of person who notices every speck). Really, housekeeping was superb. The room's other great advantage was its exceptional calm--we heard absolutely nothing from other rooms, and extremely little street noise. In terms of services and amenities, we used the small business center behind the concierge desk to check in with work (ugh) and print boarding passes, and had no problems with connectivity or waiting for a workstation to free up. We took advantage of the hotel's restaurant for breakfast each morning and were again pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and very friendly service. It seemed to be a popular spot for business breakfasts, so we felt a teensy bit out of place without power suits on, but we didn't mind since the smoked salmon and other offerings were so delicious we soon forgot about our surroundings. We were really pleased with our stay here. Historic or romantic it is not, but in a city where hotel rooms are often tiny, outdated, and noisy, Le Meridien made us extremely comfortable for a price not nearly as high as the highest-end options in San Francisco (Four Seasons, St Regis, etc). And we were still close to all of the sights!	
Aug 16 2007 	Great homebase in SF	We had a short stay in San Francisco, but the Le Meridien was a great homebase for our purposes. The common areas of the hotel were beautifully appointed. It is modern and sophisticated, yet comfortable. The hotel staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable. After a long day of walking to see all the sites of San Francisco, concierge Richard made an excellent dinner recommendation for two travelers who wanted something casual, close-by, and somewhat authentic to California. We liked how close the hotel was to Embarcardero Center - especially since we had an 8:30 departure to Napa from the ferry building on Saturday. If we hadn't been on the tour, it would have been lovely to visit the weekend farmer's market that was there. We didn't find that its location in the financial district made it difficult to eat or explore, San Francisco is a very walkable city with nice public transportation. Plus, the doorman/valet has a car that will take you anywhere you want to go nearby.The rooms are also nice, although you would expect as much for the price of the room. As other travelers have noted, the double beds are small and make for &quot;cozy&quot; arrangements. Unfortunately, our view was not of the city but of an office building. =( Nothing special for a hotel of this caliber, but they are well-maintatined, clean, and of a good size.A note on parking: it's expensive (but I'm guessing that's everywhere in San Fran?). We parked across the street at the Embarcadero Center for $30 / night which was about $10 cheaper than the hotel and more accessible.Oh, and one more thing. We found the elevator &quot;music&quot; extremely amusing the first time, annoying thereafter.	
Aug 12 2007 	Love at the Le Meridien	My husband and I celebrated our 4th wedding anniversary by traveling to San Francisco. We stayed at the Le Meridien and just loved it.When we arrived we were quickly shown to the SPG desk, so we were checked in right away. Our room was small, but very lavishly appointed. The bed was like heaven! The bathroom was rather large and pretty with great toiletries. (The lotion smelled heavenly!)The best thing about this hotel is its' concierge service. Right after we arrived I spoke with the female concierge (I can't for the life of me remember her name). I was breastfeeding my daughter at the time, and was going to have to pump while we were on vacation since she wasn't with us. Since the airline restrictions on liquids were so strict, I asked about shipping the breastmilk home. The concierge was able to point us to a shipping store that provided insulated boxes. She also arranged for me to bring the milk to her so that she could store it in the freezer. I was amazed at how professionally she handled herself and how truly helpful she was. The other concierge, William, sent us to a FABULOUS Italian restaurant while we were there. The name of it was La Gondola. It was really romantic. If you were walking very fast you'd walk right past it. I think it only seated about 15 people. The food was great, too. Everyone there spoke Italian, so we just sort of pointed at the menu. It was a wonderful dinner.We did order room service a couple of times. Our food arrived quickly and everything we ate was great. On our last day there we ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant. Be aware, it is VERY expensive. Our breakfast was $129! We didn't feel that we ate THAT much, but, oh well. It was very good!We loved the Le Meridien. It was classy, clean and the service was excellent. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 10 2007 	nicest hotel of my californian honeymoon	This was by far the nicest hotel my husband and I stayed in on our Californian honeymoon. Everything about this hotel portrayed pure class! The reception staff were friendly and efficient. The room was tastefully decorated with a huge bed that was soooo comfortable. From the moment I walked into the hotel I felt special - it is such a nice place!We did not avail of the valet car parking as we felt it was too expensive and used the Embarcadero Center to park in as advised by another TripAdvisor reviewer - I think this cost around $26 for 24hrs compared with $50 for the valet parking!It takes about 15/20 mins to walk into the Union Square area - a visit to the Cheescake Factory located in Macys is a must!!! I'm not a huge fan of cheesecake but the cheesecake there is something worth talking about!! The dinner served in this restaurant is also first class! We actually visited the restaurant 2 nites in a row!	
Aug 8 2007 	Loved Le Meridien	I arrived at Le Meridien on a Friday around 3:30 but my room wasn't ready. They said they would find something else at the same rate or I could wait - I opted for getting a room right away. Stayed on the 16th floor with a partial bay view of the Oakland Bridge, also overlooking the Embarcadero walkways all the way to the Ferry Building- really lovely.As for our room, it was spacious, fairly clean and well kept. There was a fan in the bathroom that ran all night so I just closed the door and then it didn't bother me at all. There was lots of street noise (garbage pick-up, construction????) on the Friday night but nothing Sat or Sun nights. Being in the Finanaical district, I loved that it was very quiet on the street over the weekend. They play some weird music in the elevators though.There was a Starbuck's across the street, open all weekend. There's no coffee facilities in the room but you can get free coffee/tea in the lobby on the weekend mornings in go cups.Room service was prompt, within the 30 minutes as promised, food was quite hot and very attractively presented. Only problem was the pepper shaker was empty but that's a very small gripe. The Chocolate Cloud cake was really good, so was the Ceasar salad and fresh bread. The ravioli was also good and very colourful. They gave me a huge pot of tea-the Lavender Earl Grey tea is gorgeous.Bellmen, maids, concierege were all really friendly, helpful and talkative - a pleasure to deal with. (There was a lady on the front desk on the Monday morning who was a bit uppity when I asked about a secure place to store my computer and luggage before going to the airport.) William the concierege was lovely to deal with. When he made reservations at Neptune's Palace, Fisherman's Wharf for dinner he ordered a complimentary seafood appetizer plate for us which was a very lovely surprise! The other concierege (blond lady) was hugely helpful too, made reservations at Cliff House and told me where to find the closest Ann Taylor store (much to my husband's chagrin).We were there for a long weekend and did the Bay tour and the 3.5 hour City Tour. Bought those in combination for $51 US for both at Blue and Gold Fleet. A great deal to get an overview of the City and Bay!Be warned, summer there is freezing! It was mid-fifties the whole time, foggy, very windy and often rainy. Glad I had a jean jacket but I still bought a fleecy rain jacket with a hood for $20 - it was totally worth it. Lots of cheap sweatshirts/jackets at Fisherman's Wharf.I have to say that the taxis were flithy. We took several taxis to get around and all of them were dirty but a couple of them were truly disgusting. We found it best to order a taxi ahead of time with the restaurant concierege if possible. We were able to find a taxi Sat night at Fisherman's Wharf just before the stores closed with no trouble but at closing time on Thurs. night, there was a long lineup of cranky people waiting for the few cabs that would drop by.If you're walking from the Ferry Building to Fisherman's Wharf, be warned that it's a long walk (30 min) but pleasant. However there are no bathrooms between the two areas so go before you leave! There's really nowhere to get food in between either.Fisherman's Wharf was interesting to see as I've heard about it for so many years on tv, movies, etc. Very touristy, but some good eating places and some fun souvenir shops. The sea lions are smelly and noisy but interesting to see.Hotel was within an easy 15 min walking distance to Union Square - where all those awesome, expensive shops are (Tiffany's, Vuitton, cartier, etc.). The Ferry Building was about a 7 minute walk along the Emarcadero (more shops!). Lots of street entertainment around there and incredibly fresh food at the weekend farmer's market.Whenever we saw a trolley or cable car or bus, they were all jammed to the gills so we didn't bother to go on there.I would certainly recommend Le Meridien and would stay there again.	
Jul 29 2007 	Nice hotel great location	Yes, it is a business hotel, but it is nice, clean, and, if you are in the right room, has excellent views. Apparently, any room that ends in 12 is a corner room that faces the Oakland bridge and is much larger than the other. When we checked in we were given a #12 room and loved it, but the room came with two double beds. We asked to look at one with a king size bed and it was much smaller and not nearly as nice....needless to say, we snuggled up and took the view!There really isn't a restaurant on property, but this is San Francisco!!--Who needs one in the hotel when you are surrounded by some of the best food in the country?The concierges were excellent and provided terrific recommendations and really seem to treat all guests well. All in all, a great place.	
Jul 27 2007 	awesome service gorgeous rooms	We stayed at Le Meridien while celebrating an anniversary, and it was a good thing I let the hotel staff know that, because they went all out. After we got back from a nice dinner, we discovered they had left us a free bottle of champagne, chocolate covered strawberries, and a nice card congratulating us on the occasion. They had even turned on music for us. That aside, the room was large, beautiful (I do like modern decor) and had a great view. I especially liked the bathroom and the bath products. The location is more financial district than downtown, but we had a car, so it was fine for us.	
Jul 24 2007	Great location served to you with a smile...	My trip to San Francisco was a last minute impulse and in doing so not all of the necessities of basic travel made it in my suitcase. A trip to the concierge desk gave me the toiletries I needed along with a wonderful suggestion for a great place for a burger. (Taylor’s-inside the Ferry Building-You must get the Wisconsin sourdough)From the front desk to housekeeping everyone was eager to provide a first class experience. Each time I would pass an employee in the hotel they greeted you with eye contact and a friendly hello. Seems that most places you go you may get a few to serve you with a smile but when the entire staff has a smile you realize that they are doing something right. Staff treated me like a local and not a tourist which made me feel I was getting the inside track on things to do in the city without the other fanny packers.Conveniently located in the financial district you are close to all the fun without the noise that comes with a big city. The rooms are clean and comfortable with big windows to enjoy the sights of the city. The restaurant serves a grand breakfast so wakeup ready to enjoy a relaxing meal.	
Jul 19 2007	Great Location A Little Pricey Clean	We usually stay at the Argent, but it was booked so we cashed in some points and stayed here. I thought I liked the location of the Argent, but in retrospect, this is an even better location.The mall is right next door + the BART is within a 5 minute walk. It's a great location - minutes from the Embarcadero - and on the weekend, we walked over and did some shopping at the farmers market.The rooms are clean and being the heart of the financial district, the sidewalk traffic really clears out after 6pm and on weekends.Would highly recommend it!	
Jul 18 2007 	GREAT location!!! GREAT service!!! GREAT hotel!!!	We stayed at Le Meridien for 3 nights in early July. We booked on Hotwire.com for $149 Saturday and $119 Sunday and Monday for a 4.5 star hotel in the Embarcedero District. The hotel is in the financial district so there isn't much going on right out the door of the hotel on Saturday or Sunday, but we found the location perfect for walking to Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach - the Italian sector, Union Square, and Chinatown. The BART and the MUNI are just a short walk and the cable cars are right outside the door. The concierge service recommended some great restaurants within walking distance and got us in on a Saturday night no problem. The hotel was clean and comfortable with a well-stocked minibar and good showers.	
Jul 10 2007	Go Elsewhere Unless You Like Noise and Bad Attitude	There are two big problems with this hotel: bad attitude from the staff and noise. I booked a lengthy trip, and when I checked in the front desk manager said that there were only 2 rooms available: one right next to the elevator and at the corner of two busy streets, and the other right next to the electrical equipment room, where you hear the elevator rumbling by constantly. The next morning, the day desk manager said there were many vacancies and moved me to a room where I could hear the constant rumbling of the subway. I'm not kidding. Then he told me that for the rate I paid, that was it--despite the fact that entire floors were shuttered because &quot;business is slow.&quot; Well, it's no wonder that business is slow. My request to speak with the General Manager was ignored. Who needs this type of treatment when you're trying to enjoy your vacation. Do yourself a big favor. I've traveled to SF many times, and you can find many better places to stay. I got a very good price on my reservation--but there's no such thing as a free lunch.	
Jul 8 2007 	Friendliest Hotel-Great Location!!	Stayed 2 nights Jun 30-July 2, 2007. Great location for tourism. Everyone was friendly. Knew our names...everytime we entered or exited they would say hello or goodbye by name!! William-, the concierge, was very helpful and friendly. Used the Platinum American Express Fine Hotels and Resorts to book reservations, cost was identical to least expensive web site booking and....we received a suite upgrade, 2 full american breakfasts each day (31.00 per person) and a free dinner for 2 one night which was unlimited in cost (ie: appetizers, salads,entrees, desserts ...definately a great benefit!!Rooms were spacious, good views, clean/updated hotel/rooms. can't say enough nice things about this hotel and staff.........definately would stay again. Thanks Le Meridien, American Express Platinum and the reviews on Trip Advisor for a wonderful stay!!	
Jul 1 2007 	Stylish Comfortable Business Hotel	Checking in to the Le Meridien San Francisco was smooth and efficient: we were greeted by a friendly staff person who told us about the hotel’s amenities and then assisted by a welcoming front desk person who told us about our room. The front desk staff were helpful throughout our stay whenever we stopped by to ask questions. The in-house concierge staff also provided good service and offered recommendations in addition to providing the information we asked for. While the Le Meridien is definitely a business hotel – all of the services seemed geared to that clientele – it’s more stylish than the usual upscale business property. The hotel has very nice public spaces which seem to have been updated – perhaps when the hotel was rebranded from a Park Hyatt in 2006. We enjoyed the Bar 333 with its excellent wait staff and interesting bar and drink menu. Breakfast in the Park Grill was relaxing and delicious, but you pay a price for that enjoyment: the cost of breakfast made us wish it had been included in our nightly rate. We had a Junior Suite with a city view: the room included a spacious, modern bathroom (with pleasant Le Meridien-branded toiletries), a very comfortable bed and a living room separated from the sleeping area by a built-in television, dresser, safe, mini-bar unit. We were impressed by the sliding door that opened, allowing us to get fresh air in the room, and the nice views of the city and bridges/bay in the distance. The Le Meridien is a welcoming, friendly, comfortable hotel and we enjoyed our visit. While it may not be as special as some of its competition (San Francisco is a city of fine hotels), it’s a good choice for both business and leisure travelers and we recommend it.	
Jun 27 2007 	Snazzy Hotel. Well worth the money.	We went to San Francisco for a friend's birthday so we decided to live it up through Hotwire. Le Meridian was somewhat difficult to find off the Bart stop even with the directions. I called ahead and the staff was nice enough to give us an early check-in and gave us a room on the higher floors which have a much better view. We could see the bay out our window. I have this preconceived notion that when you buy something off a discount website that you are going to discount service but that wasn't the case here. Everyone was nice and the Bell Hops were pretty hilarious. The hotel is located downtown so if your there on a Sunday, nothing is really open. All the restaurants and bars close early but it’s a short walk to Little Italy or Chinatown and they stay open pretty late down there. There is an Irish Bar across the street that is about the only thing open after 9pm. We didn't attempt the hotel restaurant though. Good location and pretty accessible to mass transit for the touristy stuff. Rooms were gorgeous and the bathroom was also pretty ornate. They even gave out robs to enjoy during your stay which was a nice addition. Definitely would recommend.	
Jun 26 2007 	Great stay at Le Meridien SF	I visited Le Meridien for a long weekend, 6/21 - 6/24 and found that my expectations of the hotel were fully met.After a long flight from New York we chose to take a taxi from SF International Airport at a cost of $35.00 for the 20 minute car ride to the Financial Center, where Le Meridien is located. As previously mentioned, the BART train does stop nearby somewhere along adjacent The Embarcadero Center.Check-in was fast and courteous.We booked a &quot;Studio Room&quot;, #1906, which had great views of the bay and the city, a separate sitting area separated by a large TV credenza, and the most comfortable bed I've slept in, other than my own Temperputic mattress. Bathroom was spacious, with good basic ammenities, a separate tub, and shower. Room was kept very clean, although turn-down service only happened one night.We chose to go out to eat for every meal, except for in-room breakfast our first morning. Service was prompt and accurate, and food was good; all at the usual elevated hotel prices.San Francisco is a city easy to navigate, partly because it's only 7 x 7 miles (hence the San Francisco 49ers!), and we found that Le Meridien was centrally located for either walking (which we love), taking one of the electric-powered buses, grabbing a cab, or even the Trolley.Everyone at the hotel was friendly, and courteous, specially Angela @ Conceirge services. She was always pleasantly helpful with reservations and directions, and even helped us rent a car for a great day out in Sausalito and Muir Woods.All in all, I was very happy with my stay at the Le Meridien San Francisco, and would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 25 2007 	Le Meridien Rocks!	It was tough deciding where to stay in San Francisco, but my husband and I were extremely happy with our decision with Le Meridien. We let the front desk know that we were on our anniversary trip along with the fact that it was our first time away from our 2 year old. The lady at the front said that she had a great room for us. When we got to our room, we were on the 17th floor and ended up with a suite! The room was gorgeous. That evening when we got back to our room, we had a bottle of champagne and cheese and crackers. This hotel was in a great location for us and wasn't overcrowded. The area is pretty quiet on the weekends, but we were okay with that. The hotel is close to the Ferry Building and if you are going to be around for the weekend, check out the Farmer's Market - it was awesome!	
Jun 19 2007 	Every room's a corner room	We booked through the hotel website, and found a good rate (AAA -- $267 per night) for their bay view king, for 6 nights.Check-in was the fastest I'd ever experienced at any hotel.Our room was immaculate, and the view of the bay (from our 19th floorroom) was spectacular. The somewhat unusual footprint of the building(with stellate margins) gives every room the impression that it is a corner room. The room was quiet, despite the presence of other guestson both sides of us (as evidenced by their &quot;private&quot; tags on the doors).The bed was very comfy (I think it was one of those &quot;bowling ball&quot; mattresses). There was plenty of storage space for two people, and we appreciated that the television was hidden in the cabinet when not in use. The bathroom was spacious, and had the usual amenities one would expect from a hotel of this price point. Surprisingly, there was also a bathroom scale, which yielded somewhat disconcertingresults after almost a week of (too) good eating in San Francisco.Our only deficiency, a very minor one, was that there was just one bathrobe in the room, even though we had made the reservation for two occupants. This oversight was corrected promptly.Breakfast was included in our package, and, with the supplied coupon,one could order anything off their extensive breakfast menu (up to a value of $31 per person -- the unused portion of the coupon going to the servers as tip). The food was very good, but we wouldn't have eaten here if it wasn't included. It's quite pricey.The is free coffee/tea in the lobby lounge every morning until 9 am.The hotel is centrally located, just across the street from the Embarcadero center, and a few minutes walk from the Muni/BART station. In less than 15 minutes walk, one can get to the Ferry Building and both North Beach and Chinatown. Several different city buses also pick up right around the hotel. Interestingly, the room key gains admittance to the Yerba Buena art gallery, as the hotel has some sort of partnership with it.We checked out the fitness centre downstairs, and found it to be wellequipped (free weights and machines), with a supply of water andtowels.We had a very pleasant stay at this hotel, and would definitely come again, particularly if we were able to match our rate again.	
Jun 11 2007	Hotel restaurant always closed for dinner	This is a great hotel, but I have to say that closing the hotel restaurant for dinner each night substantially reduces the value of this hotel, in my view. I don't feel like walking around the city's financial district with business associates trying to find a quiet restaurant after a long and tedious working day. I was told by the hotel staff that I could &quot;eat in the bar,&quot; but who in the heck wants to have a nice meal in the bar? At a hotel of this caliber and price, I would expect full service. It is not, and I will not go back.	
Jun 10 2007 	Amazing View	We stayed for our anniversary and had an amazing view of the Bay. The room was perfect. The staff was courteous. We wouldn't think of staying anywhere else the next time we're in town.	
May 31 2007 	great hotel	Based on the reviews posted on both tripadvisor and expedia, I booked 2 rooms at Le Meridian for 3 nights during the memorial day weekend. Both rooms are quite clean and spacious. My parents’ room was at the corner, which is larger and has a great bay view whereas ours doesn’t have any views. And indeed, the beds are super comfortable. One night, when my husband tried to close the sliding door in our room, the door got stuck. Only moment after he called the help desk, the maintenance person came to help and it only took few minutes for him to fix the door. We were very impressed. Overall, we had a very pleasant stay, the staffs were very courtesy and attentive. I will definitely return to this hotel if I need to stay in the same area next time. (Speaking of parking, since it was long weekend, we were able to park our cars on the street for two nights free.)	
May 30 2007 	Excellence - Hands Down	This property exceeded all of my expectations. From the HUGE room size to the view, to the FANTASTIC customer service. It was conveniently located across the street from my office yet seemed to exude much more personality than most of your standard business hotels. The view from my corner room was simply wonderful. My room included the bedroom area as well as a separate office, two points of egress to the balcony and a very, very well appointed bathroom. I indicated to the concierge that I only had a small amount of time to enjoy the immediate area, and they went out of their way to arrange transportation around the city and then to two fantastic restaurants, one for lunch and one for dinner. Excellent. Note that I have usually stayed at the Four Seasons in the past and I enjoyed my room and the service at Le Meridien much, much more. I look forward to visiting SF again soon (one of my favorite cities in the world) and returning to Le Meridien.	
May 28 2007 	We really liked it!!	We really enjoyed Le Meridien - friendly staff, very nice room (great bathtub and bed) very good location, nice view. It was really one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. Highly recommended. We got it through priceline for $115 + tax.	
May 24 2007 	fabulous!	A fabulous location - great rooms, good views, comfortable beds. What more can you ask for!And helpful staff too.	
May 16 2007 	Fantastic stay wonderful staff	My husband and I have just returned from a 12 day trip to California &amp; the first stop was San Francisco. We got an incredible deal on Priceline for 4 nights staying at Le Meridien 29.4 - 2.5.2007; we paid the equivalent of £50 a night instead of the Starwood hotels website price of approx £200 per night for the same dates!So - we were pretty happy even before we got to the hotel but even so, this was a gem of a hotel. It is adjacent to the Embarcadero Center in the Financial District of San Francisco. The Center includes restaurant staples such as Tony Romas &amp; Chevys (yummy Mexican chain - recommend those flautos &amp; the flan!) plus stores such as Gap, Banana Republic, Victoria's Secret, Nine West &amp; Williams Sonoma. There are sandwich shops &amp; coffee bars - the buildings are essentially offices so the stores etc., cater to the workers on lunch breaks, and the 26 (yes - 26) dentists who work there. Opposite the entrance to the hotel is the ubiquitous Starbucks, with a Jamba Juice and San Francisco Soup Co. nearby too. We can recommend the Elephant and Castle Pub opposite too - 20 or so beers on draft - which turned out to be the only local place we could find open after 9 on a Sunday night (it is the Financial District so it is dead on the weekends hence our bargain stay).The staff were terrific - special mention to the great doorman who was friendly, helpful and apologetic about the valet parking price (steep at $50 inc. tax but we had factored this in to the price of our stay and we only had to use it twice). He also overlooked the fact that I forgot to tip him once - we're English and had been up for 26 hours straight - and always made us feel welcome. All the staff greeted us with a friendly good morning each day, the rooms were beautiful &amp; immaculately clean and we even had a partial view of the Ferry Building down at the Port of San Francisco. The first night we arrived, we returned from dinner to a turned down bed, soft music on the CD player &amp; 2 fortune cookies with a note thanking us for choosing Le Meridien.We loved the location as it was a break from the hustle and bustle of Union Square - we walked down to the Ferry Building then on to Union Square our first day so we certainly didn't feel isolated. Just don't attempt to walk up one of the steepest hills on Day One...Cabs were always out front of the hotel and were reasonably priced ($8 to the boarding dock for Alcatraz). There were also a lot less pan-handlers than the Fishermans Wharf and Union Square areas - as many other reviewers have commented, they make you feel really sad but mostly not intimidated. Having said that, I think I might have felt more uncomfortable if I'd been alone around the high tourist areas - there, you can't walk far without seeing someone begging &amp; you can feel lousy saying no. We have stayed at Starwood hotels in the past such as the Westin Times Square in NY (paying Starwood rates not via Priceline) &amp; there was no hint of a lower standard of room or customer service because we had booked on a cut-price web-site.Highly recommended especially via Priceline &amp; a solid recommended even at Starwood rates.	
May 10 2007 	Quiet Location with a View	Le Meridien San Francisco is in the Financial District of San Francisco. My stay was on a Friday night with a late 3pm check-out on Saturday. This was one of the quietest hotel locations I have experienced in San Francisco. Being on the 21st floor also contributed to the scenic view and calm in the heart of the city.San Francisco has basically five clusters of major hotels. Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf, Nob Hill, and SoMA (South of Market) are the other four areas and they are all much more crowded with locals and tourists on the weekend.A nice feature of Le Meridien is its location at one end of the Embarcadero Center complex. The complex consists of four large buildings and outdoor garden walkways with nice shops and restaurants and cafes. This is one of the more pleasant areas to walk around and shop and eat if the urban center of San Francisco is wearing you down. A walk towards the water leads to the historic Ferry Building about a half-mile walk through the Embarcadero Center complex. It is just a little over $5.00 to take the BART train from SFO airport to the Embarcadero stop and about a five minute walk from the BART station to Le Meridien SF.A unique feature of the hotel was a library room set up in the lobby. Hotel guests were invited to take books to your room for reading. As a former elementary school teacher I always enjoy seeing reading encouraged.The price of the hotel is generally high. Rooms on the south side of the hotel (facing towards Market Street have balconies. Rooms on the north side of the hotel have better views of the San Francisco Bay. Try to get a floor above 12 to allow views over adjacent buildings. There are 24 floors and the higher the better.	
May 7 2007 	Fantabulous Staff	This hotel has the customer service thing down!!!! The hotel staff was absolutely amazing!!!Location of hotel very good. Having lived in New York City for 15 years, it was amusing to hear the staff talk of long walks as 7 blocks or more.We had a a large room on the top floor with a city view and a parital view of the Bay Bridge along with a small patio. Great for a late day drink after a long day of sightseeing. The bed was so comfortable my husband wanted to figure out a way to bring it home along with the down comforter, and at least 300 thread count sheets. My 76 year old mother in law had a room 2 floors below and her view was even more amazing. She had a bay view with a spectacular, up close and personal, view of the Transamerica building.When we arrived it was raining slightly and we asked Kristen, I hope I remember her name, dark hair extremely polite and pleaseant, if she knew where the nearest drug store was because we wanted to buy an umbrella, she happily provided us one from the hotel and asked if we would mind, because the name of the hotel was on it. If it's free, it for me darling,!!! We walked to Fisherman's Wharf had dinner and walked back and upon return Kristen told us to keep it because it looked like rain in the morning.. My mother in law asked if there was a microwave on her floor and one was brought to her room immediately the same for a request for a stronger hair dryer.I slightly sprained my ankle doing the sightseeing thing, those nasty San Francisco hills, and when I returned, I asked the concierge, Laura, I believe, if the hotel had an ice bag. She provided a laundry bag for ice, and said she would call the room once she checked thorougly. About 20 minutes later I received a call in my room from Laura apologizing for there not being one in the hotel and asking if she needed to contact a physician.I know these seem like small things, but I have found that it is usually the small things that can make or break a hotel stay. Unreceptive, stiff staff do little to recommend a hotel, however, Le Meriden should be very proud of the people I came in contact with. I hope everyone who chooses to stay here has at least some contact with the people I mentioned and I am assured that there stay will be as wonderful!!!	
May 1 2007 	Definitely 5 Star - We will definitely stay here next time.	We stayed here 6 nights, from Saturday 21 April to Friday 27 April. When we come back , we are definitely staying at Le Meridien. It rained upon our arrival as expected, but then the rest of the week was excellent for this time of year. After several hours of searching, my wife found a deal on Priceline.com for $1035 which included round trip tickets for two from Phoenix to SF, and six nights at the hotel. After checking the hotel out on TripAdvisor and reading the excellent reviews, we took the deal. The TripAdvisor reviews were very accurate. The staff was very friendly, helpful, and always ready to assist. Housekeeping was superb. Our hotel room was immaculate, upscale, and in perfect condition with no odors or obvious aberrations. The beautiful bathroom was a spacious 6’x7’ not including the bathtub/shower area. High pressure shower, fast hot water, high quality toiletries. The main room was about 18’x14’, and separated by a wall from the large entryway which included the bathroom entrance and closet area. Our room contained a king-size bed which was very comfortable with numerous and various pillows and a down comforter. We slept in late every morning which is a rarity for me since it I normally get back pain – even on our highly rated mattress. We were pleasantly surprised that this did not occur at all. The room also contained a night stand, desk, coffee table, love seat, single chair and end table. The 27” TV sat in an 8’ long x 4’high center which contained the mini-fridge, mini-safe, and side of drawers. Air conditioning was steady and consistent with little fluctuation. Half of the outside wall of the room is a floor to ceiling window. The wall protrudes out at an angle so that the glass side of the room juts out 4 feet from the building, and gave us a much better view of the immediate area. It also brightens the room very well. On the down side, you can hear a little bit more noise from the street than you otherwise would (at least in room 517). Considering a fire station is located around the corner on the opposite block, this is significant. Regardless, I much prefer the window than not. The PPV movie selection was better than normal with many genre’s to choose from including international and art films. Movie prices ranged from $11 to $15, and also included a pre-release sneak preview movie for $23. In the two fortune cookies we received every day during the week , we received a total of 3 free PPV movie coupons. The hotel is in an excellent location, outside of main tourist areas, but only a few blocks from major transit hubs from which one can easily get anywhere in the city with little effort. Arriving in SF at 10:30pm, we missed the BART coming in from the SF Airport and paid $40 plus tip for a taxi. On the way back we paid $5.15 each for the BART and it was only a few minutes more. During weekday traffic, the BART would actually have been faster. We were here once before about 8-10 years ago when we couldn’t afford to rent a car and found that not only did we not need one, seeing the city was far more enjoyable without one. Due to our location, it was even better this time. We were able to tap into WiFi hot spots from our room on the 5th floor, but with poor communication speeds. We then opted for the $13 per day WiFi charge (as needed). The internet was an indispensable tool in our exploration of San Francisco in addition to our collection of brochures, maps etc. We highly recommend the $3 transit map that you can purchase in many places. The fitness center was excellent. Very clean, new, 3 treadmills, 2 recumbents, 3 ellipticals, free weights, universal, fresh fruit, towels, cold water. We are value oriented but do not sacrifice comfort and quality. We got all three. Next time we come to Frisco, we will not need to search for a place to stay, only the best price.The EMBARCADERO CENTER is across the street from Le Meridien. Nice place to shop for a short time. They also have an arts cinema. We watched The Black Book which was in Dutch with English subtitles. We suppose the fact that it had subtitles precluded it from mainstream release, but the movie is strictly a first-class suspense thriller with exciting twists and turns, and centers on the resistance in WWII. With time to burn before the movie started, we ate at Fuzio’s Pasta across from the Cinema. We both shared the Chicken Picatta which was very good.	
May 1 2007	Great business hotel in SF	I stayed in this hotel numerous times when it was the Park Hyatt, in the summer of 2005, while I was on a consulting project. I loved it - understated, quiet, great service, friendly staff and convenient location made it a perfect base. I returned again and again. Hopefully the staff and style have not changed with new ownership. The views from the north facing, upper floors are wonderful on summer mornings. If you like morning exercise, the fitness room is good and the location allows morning runs along the Embarcardero.	
May 1 2007 	Horrible staff	We came down to San Francisco to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary and decided to stay at your establishment. We have long been loyal customers of the Starwood Brand and have decided to try Le Meridien. Needless to say, we were greatly disappointed. Upon arrival to the hotel, we were greeted with a valet, when my husband inquired as to where the cars were parked, he was informed that the parking was 5 blocks away. Understandable, but when my husband inquired if it was secured, the parking attendant rudely replied, &quot;this is San Francisco, what do you think?&quot; We had no issues with the parking, as our concern was the shopping bags in the back of the car. Okay... the valet was rude, but we decided it would not ruin our stay. Upon check in we discovered that the room with the king sized bed that we had requested was unavailable and that we would be in a room with 2 double beds...that too was fine as we were both tired and my husband was beginning to have a headache. Later that evening, my husband's headache was beginning to get worse and so I decided to call the operator to see if there was any Tylenol on the premises that we could purchase and was advised that the concierge would have some. However when I called, I was informed by the concierge that she was incredibly busy and she &quot;cannot deal with me right now&quot; as she put it , as she had several people in front of her. Now we have stayed in hundreds of 5 star hotels in cities around the world and NEVER in my experience have I been spoken to by a hotel staff so rudely. Needless to say, it was getting late that evening and my husband and I decided to retire for the evening. However, that would not be the case- at 3 am in the morning we were woken up by the sounds of what sounded like people having a party in the next room. We called down twice and were informed that the noise would be taken care of, we even requested to switch rooms, but we were assured by the management that the noise would be taken care of, but that was not the case as it continued on until 6 in the morning as the noise would die down shortly after being told, and then start again. My husband and I did not sleep that evening. We decided to check out early and when asked by the woman how was everything, we told her about our dis-satisfaction and she basically just nodded and proceeded with checking us out. Which makes me wonder if she is just required to ask, but obviously does not care about the satisfaction of the customer as she failed to offer solutions. When our car arrived , from valet we discovered that the window had been left open all night as there was bird feces inside our car, something that would result in my husband having to take the car professionally cleaned later that day.	
Apr 26 2007 	Very Impressive Hotel	Wow! I was very impressed with this hotel. The rooms are absolutely beautiful. I appreciated the large shower, which is a nice change from most hotel showers. The bed was excellent. I'll stay here again.	
Apr 24 2007 	One of the best hotels in San Francisco	This hotel has the most comfortable beds I've ever experienced at a hotel. It is a beautiful property. The rooms are very spacious. We had an excellent view of coit tower and the water. Room 2411 has a skyline view - ask for it! They have special touches such as giving you the weather report everyevening for the next day, leaving fortune cookies in your room, turn down your sheets, provide many blankets and extra pillows. Additionally, the concierge there is very helpful. The location is good, just a few blocks from the Embarcadero Ferry Building, which by the way has excellent food markets and restaurants. This hotel is always clean and quiet, perhaps that is because it isn't located by tourist zones. This is my favorite place to stay in San Francisco.	
Apr 21 2007 	excellent beds and very well equipped gym	Unsurprisingly, Le Meridien provides the expected comfortable mattress I've come to expect from Starwood. For San Francisco, the rooms were reasonably spacious with the usual desk and office chair. I especially enjoyed using their gym and worked out 3 times during my stay. The gym has multiple elliptical trainers, weight machines and free weights as well as complimentary water and fruits. Although I didn't utilize it, Le Meridien offers complimentary same-day laundering of work-out clothes (in by 9am, ready by 5pm). The staff were exceedingly friendly and helpful the few times I needed anything. Le Meridien provides a complimentary business center, which I used many times. Only once did I have to wait to use the business center, so I didn't pay for internet access in the room. Overall, I felt quite pleased with my stay and would stay there again.	
Apr 14 2007	Room For Improvement	The only positive thing about this hotel was the bed - big and comfortable. The front desk staff were rather poorly behaved and not particularly helpful. Beware business travellers - if you need a quiet place to stay, this isn't it. The hotel is facing the street and the walls are paper thin, so you can hear your neighbours all the time - walking, talking, singing, etc. The rooms do not include complementary water which is inconvenient to say the least, showers are average, the list goes on. I would have prefered to spend extra $$ and stay at the Ritz which is what I will do next time. This place simply does not warrante $300+ spend on a suite.	
Apr 11 2007 	Marvelous Meridien	Wow...An excellent hotel and staff. We loved the location as well as the great views. We stayed on the 15th floor of the 24 story building.To the hotel management:Thank you so much for taking care of us. My wife and I stayed for 3 nights,April 5-8,2007.Your staff was fantastic,meeting our every need.All our dreams came true as we celebrated our 31st anniversary. May each guest depart as relaxed and satisfied as we did. Have an awesome year.	
Mar 29 2007 	Return Visit Did Not Dissapoint	This is our second stay at this location and once again, it was wonderful! As an SPG Gold Member, they accomodated my request for an upgrade and treated us like Gold while we were there! From the front desk to the concierge to housekeeping, everyone was extremely polite and made us feel so welcome and well cared for. While I typically like to stay closer to Union Square, the service and ameneties make the Le Meridien worth sacrificing a little more convenient location. Thank you to the staff and keep up the good work! I will only stay here or the St. Regis when in the bay area from now on!	
Mar 19 2007 	Wonderful Experience	My family and I stayed at the Le Meridian formerly the Park Hyatt in Embarcadero Center the week of New Years. Our room was very spacious and had a terrific view of the San Francisco skyline. The bathroom was floor to ceiling granite including the shower. The room was extremely comfortable and clean. The beds were very comfortable with down comforters and we actually slept good, something that usually doesn't happen for us in hotels because of the beds. The service in the hotel was phenomenal all around. The front desk staff was very accomodating. My husband had business faxed to the hotel and everytime his faxes came thru the front desk was right on top of everything with the delivery of things. The conceirge was the best!! They were so friendly and they listened to our interests and then pointed us in the direction of what our interests were. Everything they suggested was fantastic! My husband and I used the gym every morning. It was very pleasant to work out in. They provide chilled towels with a scent of mint to refresh after our work out. The amenities in the gym were very inviting. The only downside of staying in this hotel if you have a car is the parking fee. The fee is $50.00 per day. Since it is a business district there are plenty of parking garages that are cheaper, however, after researching it more we opted to pay the hotel fee everyday because we knew we could easily get our car out anytime without walking with 2 young children to a garage. Whenever we did need our car a simple phone call downstairs did the trick and they were always ontime with our car. Although if you don't have young children in tow it's probably worth it to park in a public garage and pay half the price. Across the street is a pub type restaurant that serves great food!! The breakfast is delicious and is way cheaper than room service. We even got breakfast &quot;to go&quot; one day and let the kids eat in bed without the room service price. This hotel is centrally located within walking distance to lots of things to see and do in San Francisco. We walked to the cable cars to go to China Town and walked back from China Town. We did a lot of walking and saw alot of sights. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone that craves great service and ammenities.	
Mar 11 2007	Super rooms and great location	Le Meridien was the kind of five-star hotel that's comfortable, because it still feels nice and home-y and not clinical and unfriendly.The lobby is very small, the bar is really just a few tables. The Park Grill, which is the hotel's restaurant served okay breakfast, it was nothing special. Service was a bit slow, but the staff was very kind. Room service was fast and efficient.In fact, everybody from the cleaning staff to the people manning the desks were really friendly and professional. The concierge was of great help reserving restaurants and booking us the complimentary town car! I haven't had this in any other hotel. There's a free car with a driver that will drive you anywhere you want in the downtown area or thereof. We even got a ride back from our restaurant as we gave him a call. Sadly, the service is not available on weekends, but it's a really great feature of hotel.I stayed in a regular double room and it was great. The beds are massive and very comfy. The toilet is nice and big enough with a separate desk for toiletries, magazines etc. There's plenty of storage space too for everything.For once the wireless internet connection worked without a hitch as did the regular one and the speed was great.The hotel's location is superb. It's in a quiet neighborhood in Embarcadero, with a movie theatre across the street and a Starbucks too. A few blocks away is Chinatown, so North Beach clubs and restaurants are a walking distance. Downtown (ie. Union Square) is also about 5 blocks away, easily walkable. I've stayed in San Francisco many times and location-wise, it's tough to beat the Meridien.	
Feb 20 2007	Le Meridien Shines!!	Reservations: Got a great rate using Travelocity with a AAA discount which got us free parking (N.B.: valet parking is $52 per night!!).Check-in &amp; Check-out: Polite, efficient, fast, and accurate.Room: great beds, furniture, and bathrooms, with great linens, towels, and bath products. The room and the bathroom were spacious and very well maintained. Had a partial view of the SF Bay and Bay Bridge.Additional Services: excellent concierge service; free internet in the lobby and the business center. The hotel gym was the BEST I have experienced in a long time; free weights, machines, and an excellent array of cardio equipment, plus newspapers, water, oranges, and apples.Location: easy walk to the waterfront and the Embarcadero. Some restaurants nearby, but you really need a car to get to a lot of the places you want to go. Short drive to Union Square, Chinatown, and SOMA. Close to the SF Museum of Modern Art and Yerba Buena Center.Complaint: valet parking was a little slow in fetching the car on occasion.Overall: A WINNER!!!!!	
Feb 14 2007 	Great location	We stayed at the Le Meridien right after they took over from the Park Hyatt so things were still a bit chaotic-everything still said Hyatt. Despite that the service was great, the room was luxurious and we had a great time. The rooms are slightly masculine in feel. The room service was particularly good. The location is great right near the Embarcadero with the ferry building and all the shops. Very easy to walk to restaurants, even to walk to North Beach. This hotel is very quiet and convenient. We will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 5 2007	Warm and wonderful And Chic !	It is rare tht you find true class in chain hotels.The Le Meredien San Francicsco is pure class -and no trace of snobishness!Greeted warmly,we were able to check in early,upgraded to a lovely large studio room(jr.suite)with incredibly tastefull furnishings,a fantastic bed,wonderful bathroom stocked with interesting high end bath products,and a great veiw of the sky scapers of San Francisco.Upon return that afternoon we found a birthday cake and card-very sweet gesture.And the cake was scrumptious!There is very good coffee and tea set out in the Lobby in the morning.Every single staff member was smiling and helpful during our stay.Loved the location.While it might not be Ideal for a family looking to explore SF for the first time,it is a great location for those of us that already know the city.Much nicer than SoMa,Union Square,or Market street.I look forward to returning to this fine hotel.	
Feb 4 2007 	Soothing business hotel	I last stayed at this hotel when it was a Park Hyatt. I remembered that the stress of even the most hectic business trip melted away once I entered the Asian-theme lobby. Even though this was a vacation trip, I decided to go back to see whether the magic had survived the change in management, and I can report that it has.The soothing lobby decor remains (though what's with the disorienting art installation that extends to the panels of the revolving doors?). The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. The business center hidden behind the concierge desk was well-equipped and quiet.Our room -- with a partial view of the Bay -- was on the small side, but it was extremely comfortable and noise free. Only flaw -- particularly jarring in the otherwise well-tended setting -- was a light that didn't work.And the location can't be beat. Easy to take a quick stroll along the waterfront to calm jet-lagged nerves, and just a stone's throw from the food paradise that is the Ferry Building.It's a business hotel, but a very soothing one.	
Jan 31 2007 	Absolutely Top Notch	Le Meridien in San Francisco is a great place to stay. The rooms in the hotel are fantastic. My girlfriend and I especially enjoyed the comfortable beds. The service at check-in and the conceriege were top notch, recommending some great restaurants and even providing personal contact with some of the nearby restaurant owners. The hotel is located within a few blocks of the Ferry Builiding which is a great place to spend the day or just to grab breakfast. The location is also within walking distance of Union Square and Chinatown. The hotel also has a complimentary car for guest use with prior reservation. This is a great program to shuttle to and from dinner if the car is available. From the rooms to the location, Le Meridien is a great place to stay in a great city.	
Jan 27 2007 	Great Stay	We stayed at Le Meridien for 4 nights, from Jan. 3 to Jan. 7, 2007, and had a wonderful stay. We booked a standard room, which had 2 double beds. The room was spacious and well laid out. Because the hotel is new, the room's furnishings were nice and new (which is always pleasant). The bathroom was fabulous (marble, super clean, large, great water pressure in the shower and good soap). But, what really set Le Meridien apart were the concierges. They booked us into some of SF's best, most difficult to get into restaurants on very short notice and, when we went to Micheal Mina, sent us to the restaurant in a chauffured car, at no charge. Plus, making a reservation for us meant making a reservation for 2 adults, 1 child and 1 infant - i.e., a table for 4 where only 2 diners will be ordered! I would not hesitate to recommend Le Meridien and want to stay there again.	
Jan 14 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	My fiance and I stayed here for 4 nights in January. This is a great hotel. We had a room on the 21st floor, overlooking the bay and the bridge, with floor to celing windows. The bed was very comfortable, although not as comfortable as the one at the W and Westin Hotels. This being a Starwood Hotel I expected it to be the same. The service was top notch, comparable to what you would experience at a Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons. Overall a fantastic stay.	
Dec 14 2006	Terrific experience	Wow, what a great hotel. The rooms are spacious and clean with marble countertops in the bathroom and a very comfortable bed. This used to be a Park Hyatt hotel, and the amenties are fantastic. Skip the valet parking and park at the Embarcadero Center across the street. It's much cheaper.	
Nov 13 2006 	Loved Le Meridien	Stayed at this hotel for two nights in late Oct. and really enjoyed our stay. Loved our room - spacious, very comfortable beds, and nice bathroom. We stayed on the 23rd floor, near the elevators, but it was incredibly quite. Had great views of the city (check out photos)! Hotel is in a great location - about 10 minute walk to Union Square and China Town. One thing - if you bring a car, don't pay their outrageous overnight parking fee (I think it's around $45 per night), There is a parking garage across the street that is only $28 ner night. I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially if you are a Starwood member.	
Oct 30 2006 	Great location for a stay in San Fran	This hotel is a nice clean hotel which huge rooms in a great area of San Francisco! It is very new and recently was in the San Fran Chronicle about the design of the windows (Sunday, Oct 29th issue). You can walk to Union Square in 10 minutes or walk down the Embarcadero and hit Fisherman's warf in about 15-20 minutes.We only stayed one night but enjoyed our stay and if we went back to San Fran would stay here again. We were upgraded to a Junior Suite (we are Gold Starwood members) and the room was just awesome! It had an amazing view and a great size bathroom and sitting area.We had breakfast with our room and the breakfast was very good.Definately if going to the area book here!	
Oct 23 2006 	Lovely hotel great rooms great location	We spent 3 nights at Le Meridien in San Francisco in October 2006. It is a beautiful hotel with great service, huge rooms, and in a very good location. Our room was very spacious with a king bed, 2 upholstered chairs, a side table, large desk and desk chair, and large armoire with minibar, drawer space, and a large TV. The closet was huge and out of the way. The bathroom was VERY large, newly refinished with a marble tile and vanity, lots of mirrors, and a great shower with massage and hand-held options. The toiletries were luxurious and the towels and robe were a soft, fluffy treat!The service was excellent, and everyone was very pleasant. Two staff at the concierge desk all weekend, just there to cater to our needs. They knew everything, had great advice, lots of maps and brochures. Very knowledgable and pleasant. We paid about $120/night through Hotwire, which was an incredible deal. The staff never made us feel funny or unwelcome despite our low internet rate (I've heard people report this about other hotels in the past). The concierge didn't look down on us when we asked about cheap, touristy things like bus routes, and treated us like any other customer there.Restaurant and room service are incredibly expensive - $65 for breakfast for two, which was delicious, but nothing extravagent. Starbucks is across the street, and the bar across the street also sells a good breakfast at a much more reasonable price.The hotel is across the street from the Embarcadero Center, a business district with lots of shops, fast food, cafes, etc. Two Walgreens are blocks away. Chinatown is about 5 blocks up the street, the Ferry Building is a few blocks the other way. North Beach begins a few blocks away, too. A wonderful location!My only criticism of this hotel is the odd bathroom door - on a runner, like a closet door, so it doesn't close tightly. The bathroom door always has a gap open. Not a good thing if you want some true privacy in the bathroom!	
Oct 17 2006 	High priced but delivers (mostly)	Great room, great (though narrow) view of bay &amp; Ferry Bldg, easy access to Saturday morning farmers market, and an amazing array of fresh stuff. The place is expensive, but for the location, view, and service -- worth the splurge. Parking is a rip at $49 (tax included). Didn't check the fitness facilities: who cares when you're splurging? Get your exercise walking to City Lights bookstore, Brandy Ho's Chinese food, or along the Embarcedero after glutting at Cowgirl Creamery and the bread shops inside the Ferry Bldg.	
Oct 5 2006 	Pricey but worth it!	This hotel used to be the Hyatt on Battery and was recently purchased by Le Meridien. I have stayed at the hotel several times and love it. The bed linens are luxurious, the rooms are always clean, and the views are great. I think that the price is a tad high, but the quality of the gym, rooms, and location makes it worth every penny. Best hotel gym that I have seen in an SF hotel. This hotel is central to the Financial district which makes it perfect for business trips. This is my first choice for all business trips in SF.	
Sep 25 2006	Very Impressive...	Most of my recent stays in SF have been at the Mark Hopkins, but after my last, very disappointing stay there, I decided to try the much hyped, new Le Meridien (formally the Hyatt). I've previously preferred being closer to Union Square, however, on recent visits to the City, I discovered The Ferry Building, and can honestly say that I'd much rather be within walking distance to it (I can literally spend a day there!). There's also the Embarcadero right next to the hotel, so there's no lack of nice shopping choices in the immediate vicinity.The hotel itself is gorgeous. Not in a grand, over the top way, but very simple and elegant. Nice art deco decor throughout the lobby and bar(s). My room was a fabulous surprise. I booked a studio room, but was shocked when I entered and realized it was much more like a suite. There were 2 separate rooms (living, and bedroom) and a nice sized bathroom with gorgeous fixtures. The best part was the small terrace which gave way to both bay and city views. It was quite impressive! The only negative thing I could point out on the room was the fact that there was a shower/tub combo in the bathroom, which seemed really out of place in such a nice, modern space.The hotel service was flawless. Granted, I didn't ask for anything unusual, but everyone I encountered was friendly and polite.I used the small, but functional gym. Nothing impressive there, but still, it was clean and had new equipment.Bottom line... This is where I'll stay from now on.	
Sep 18 2006 	Good location; nice hotel	Located in the financial district, this hotel is well within walking distance of the SOMA area (SF MOMA, Yerba Buena, etc.) and the Ferry building, a great place to spend a weekend morning/early afternoon perusing the farmer's market. It's only a short drive or cab ride to Nob Hill and the pier from which the ferry for Alcatraz leaves. The public areas of the hotel are rather cramped and pretty average.Our room had a nice view to the bay--it is probably worth paying the extra $20 or so for the views. The rooms are really quite spacious and very clean, with very comfortable beds and a nice sized closet. The TV sits a bit too low in the entertainment stand, but it all works well nonetheless. There is a nice Nakamachi stereo system that sits on top of the entertainment stand. The bathroom had a tub/shower combination and Le Meridien brand toiletries. I would say that, on balance, the rooms are very comfortable, though they could perhaps use a little freshening up--maybe new furniture, or at least, new coverings for the sofa and armchair. We ate breakfast at the hotel--we got it free as part of the deal--and it was excellent, though of course, would have been outrageously expensive had we paid. The breakfast/dining area--the Park Grill--is quite nice, with a little outdoor terrace and plenty of space between tables.There is nothing about this hotel that makes it an absolute standout, but for the money--we paid 199, all in--you would be hard pressed to find a better option.	
Sep 8 2006 	Made our stay	We stayed here for 2 nights to celebrate our anniversary. The hotel upgraded us to a junior suite on the 23rd floor overlooking the bay. Needless to say, the room was impressive: great bath amenities, nicely appointed suite, and an impeccable service to match. On our last night, the front desk sent up a bottle of champagne and chocolate-dipped strawberries, very toughtful and a nice touch. The hotel was centrally located, walking distance to restaurants, Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf, etc. Since the hotel is in the business district, parking is expensive. There is also no pool and wireless internet (cable still available). Overall, this is a great property and staff were quick to help with smiles all around.	
Sep 4 2006 	Nice hotel wonderful views at the top floors	I stayed three nights at Le Meridien San Francisco in August. The room was beautiful, wide and with a grat bed. The staff was very nice and helpful. They gave me a room on the 22nd floor, with a nice view over the downtown and the bay.The hotel is located in the downtown, near Jackson. Nice place to stay with lot of restaurants around and just a few blocks walking from Chinatown. Just one objection: the parking was veryexpensive (49$ per night). Anyway, you have a public parking in the next building with a 28$ daily price.	
Aug 30 2006 	Great rooms great beds great time!	We stayed at Le Meridien for my wife's birthday and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Located close to Jackson Square, Le Meridien is walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square and the Ferry Building (great farmer's market on the weekend). The rooms were large and very clean and looked renovated within the last two years with the bed very comfortable. Water pressure was excellent and we had both a bathtub and a shower to choose from in the large bathroom (bay view room of the Bay Bridge). We also enjoyed a great breakfast in the morning in bed. We could not have been happier with our experience and will definitely be back on our next trip to SF.	
Aug 23 2006 	Beautiful Property with Some Service Issues	I selected Le Meridien for a romantic weekend in San Francisco for my wife's birthday after finding an excellent rate at the hotel's website.When I checked in at reception and mentioned that it was my wife's birthday, they were nice enough to upgrade us to a large corner room with a spectacular view of the bay. Unfortunately, the key cards they provided did not work. Neither did the second set, or the third, or the fourth. Each department was blaming another for the problem with the keys, as if I cared why the keys were not working. Eventually security let us into our room. When I left the hotel for the afternoon, I was assured that engineering had resolved the issue and the next set of keys would work. Unfortunately, they did not. The security guard who let us in the next time told us that he was surprised that they are still using this room, as the electronic lock had not worked properly for several weeks. After an immediate call to the manager, we were offered free cocktails and free breakfast for our inconvenience, which I felt was an adequate, albeit overdue, response from the supposed 5 star hotel.Other than this service (and maintenance) glitch, everything was fantastic. The entire property was modern and tastefully furnished and very clean. I hope to give them another opportunity demonstrate how nice this hotel can be.	
Aug 22 2006	Great Stay	We were on trip starting in San Francisco driving down the PCH to San Diego staying in 7 hotels in 10 days. Our experience at the Le Meridien on August 4-6, 2006 couldn't have been better. We were given a great room with a view of Coit Tower, etc...The house car was also available to take &amp; pick us up from a Giants game on Fri. night. Everyone at the hotel was most helpful. I liked being within walking distance to the Ferry Building &amp; shopping at the Embarcardero Center. You can walk over to the Ferry Bldg. &amp; ride the F line over to Fishermans Wharf to eat at Bourdins &amp; then take a cable car to union square to shop also. I had read to take a ferry ride to Saulsilito for lunch which was fun too. Don't miss out on the Golden Gate Bridge. I would defintely stay here again. It was a beautiful hotel &amp; great location.........	
Aug 8 2006 	Nice Property - Jaded Staff - Poorly Managed	LeMeridien's around the world are renowned for their lovely appointed rooms, and this was no exception. Nice beds, nice linens, curtains, and contemporary bathrooms. But the staff, who are all former Park Hyatt employees, seem jaded about the recent take over. When I checked in, one young lady made a comment about not having a bellman because it's Meridien, and that we might not be used to the service. Also, when they saw that I booked on hotwire and got a discounted rate, they actually told me that I get whatever is left over, that's how it works. So they put me in a double room, which was no big deal at all, I just thought that it was inappropriate to imply that because I got a good rate and prepaid through hotwire that I would be treated differently. The service only got worse from there - the next night the 'acting manager' wouldn't allow me to take a bottle of alcohol into my room, citing it was a State of California law. Um, what? I have stayed in many 5 star hotels around the world, and have NEVER heard of such a rule. I surrendered my bottle of alcohol, which they kept until I checked out. The night before check out, I called to get a wake up call for 4AM, and asked them to bring me my bottle of alcohol - she said that the note said that they weren't allowed to, under any circumstances. I know some people are reading this thinking I must have been a rowdy guest or an impossible to please person, but that is not the case, I am a physician, stayed in my room alone, and had no intention to consume the alcohol that was purchased in my room, in fact, I had already patronized the mini bar. Beautiful property people, however, don't let their poor management spoil your stay.	
Jul 30 2006	Great friendly service	I stayed at Le Meridien for an outside meeting .It was an easy walk to the Ferry building. I loved the rooms .The extended hour concierges were extremely helpful.I had gone to St Regis (too much attitude) to check it out for a drink and I greatly prefer the service at the bar at Le Meridien .The service at the Le Meridien bar was great ,professional yet friendly.I realy enjoyed the view from my room of the bay bridge .My only comment is that the CD player in my room was glued to the counter and too high for me to read the dials . I will stay there again with my I pod	
Jul 8 2006	Just average	This wasn't the five star experience I expected. There was no doorman or bellman when I arrived. There was only one person attending the registration desk and three guests in front of me, making for a wait to check in. I had reserved a King non-smoking. I deliberately did not reserve the double-double, which was 20 bucks less. Even though I checked in at thier check-in time - 3 p.m. - they said my room was not available without a long wait but they offered me a double double. But they wouldn't give me the lesser rate! It was ridiculous to stand there and argue with a line piling up behind me and an appointment to get to so I took the lesser room and the higher rate. What a sucker. I am going to follow up with the management. Any other hotel when this happens they either upgrade you or throw in a little something, not to mention correcting the rate. The room itself was fine. I was surprised that it was so small, and there was absolutely no view. It was clean and well furnished. I thought it was a little weird that the soaps were open (not wrapped up) making me think that maybe they were left from the previous stay. Nice bath amenities. The bathroom was large and really beautiful but a little dark. It helped that there was a lighted shaving mirror. The room was also pretty dark so I had to have all the lights on to see anything. The location was fine for me; walking distance to the various places I needed to be in the financial district. But I won't stay here again. One more thing -they were renovating the building across the street from my window. At ten oclock (midnight on the body clock) they began flinging large metal ducts from a fourth floor window into a dumpster below, reverberating throughout the alley. I called the front desk and they said that it was allowed until 11, that it happens every night, but they will stop at 11. They did.	
Jul 7 2006	Couldn't Be Better	Visited the Le Meridien (formerly the Park Hyatt) over the Fourth of July weekend. Got a deal on the bay view room ($209 through Expedia). The room was on the 23rd floor. The view was amazing, from the Coit Tower and TransAmerica building to the Bay Bridge. The furnishings were good, the room was large, and the orange blossom-scented toiletries were delightful. More importantly, the hotel staff was friendly and helpful, greeting us with a smile everytime we passed by and offering to store our luggage when we arrived early and later, between check-out and the time our plane departed. I would highly recommend this hotel, which boasts a comparatively quiet location in the financial district.	
Jul 5 2006	Excellent Excellent Excellent!	Terrific service. Courteous, friendly, attentive staff. Clean, comfortable rooms. We had a lovely view in ours. Will definitely stay here again when in SanFran.	
Jun 29 2006	Great Stay	My husband and I loved this hotel. Clean, large room and great service. The concierge is great (especially William) and the bartendars are also friendly and helpful. We will be visiting there again without a doubt.	
Jun 26 2006	Gem of a Hotel	My husband and I stayed here for a quick weekend get away using our Starwood points. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Our room on the 20th floor was clean, contemporary and spacious compared to the size of the room we stay in at the San Francisco W. We had a small but nice view of the Bay Bridge. Bring cd's so you can enjoy the room cd player. The toiletries were very nice. Very usable for both sexes. The bed was a sleeper's delight! The concierge was extremely helpful. The staff is attentive. We didn't eat at the hotel but enjoyed a nightcap in the hotel lobby after dinner. I highly suggest you have dinner at Jeanty at Jack's. It is one of our favorite (french) restaurants in the city. The tomato soup in puff pastry is a must! It is a leisurely stroll a couple of blocks from the hotel. Go to the Ferry Building for a light breakfast. There are a few places to buy coffee or tea, fruit, juice and a pastry. For lunch or dinner try the Slanted Door in the Ferry Building. North Beach and Chinatown are within walking distance, too. The next time we need another getaway, we'll stay here!	
Jun 21 2006	Great Hotel	We've stayed at this hotel before when it was the Park Hyatt &amp; loved it then. This past trip we had a junior suite - which was fabulous! It was a corner room facing the bay with a small balcony. The living room was separate from the bedroom, so we could entertain guests &amp; share the great view! The decor is very modern - we had black &amp; white marble/granite bathrooms, the doors are a cherry wood, and the carpet is dark. Robes were provided for us to use, as well as an umbrella just in case.... the bathroom amenities are great!We didn't dine in the hotel, but the concierge was excellent at making suggestions &amp; confirming reservations. Little Italy is just a short walk, and for the more active, the Wharf is manageable as well. We'll definitely be back ... great location, great hotel &amp; great prices if Travelzoo has a special.	
Jun 20 2006	Great experience at Le Meridien!	Stayed here with my parents (2 different rooms) on a vacation in Northern California. The experience was great. I can't imagine a better place to stay in SF (unless you need a lot of nightlife). The staff were all outstandingly pleasant and helpful. The rooms were not just clean and comfortable--they were stylish! We had a great view of the bay (paid a small charge to upgrade). Easy to get to any place you like in SF, but really quiet and safe at night.I got a great deal on the hotel through Hotwire. Count yourself extremely lucky if you land something similar. But given my excellent experience, if I were travelling to SF again, I'd try to stretch my budget to make sure I could return here.	
Jun 18 2006 	Excellent service and comfortable but nothing special...	After having read a lot of the reviews here I was expecting a lot from this hotel. Unfortunately I didn't feel the Le Meridien (formerly Park Hyatt) lived up to this. On a positive note, the service is impeccable - all of the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful and the hotel certainly felt very welcoming. However the room I stayed in, whilst very clean, could definitely do with a touch of renovation. I also thought that the room was extremely dark inside, even with all the lights turned on. In addition, there's no swimming pool - that's quite surprising for a 5* hotel. Even at the corporate rate that I paid at this hotel ($235+tax) I don't feel that this represents very good value for money. The week before I stayed at the Hilton Hotel &amp; Towers on O'Farrell St, which I booked myself via Hotwire at $145+tax, and I thought the Hilton was considerably better, especially in terms of the interior of the room.In terms of location, this hotel is ideal if you need to be in the Financial District (it's right next to the Embarcadero Center), but not so well suited for access to other areas. If visiting San Francisco on holiday, I'd recommend staying further west towards Union Square.This hotel definitely has a lot of potential, particularly due to the wonderful staff who work there. I hope that Le Meridien will carry out some well-needed improvements to make this a first-rate place to stay in San Francisco.	
Jun 3 2006	impeccable service beautiful views	Le Meridien, formerly Park Hyatt is a fantastic hotel where service is top priority. The rooms are beautifully appointed, great bath amenities, plenty of space, awesome views. I booked through hotwire so didn't know where I'd be for my in-town getaway, and I loved this hotel so much, I'm returning at the end of the month. The room service food is very good, however the menu is limited, could use some more choices. It's served perfectly, with all the little touches. Turndown service is excellent and the staff is really there to meet and exceed your expectations. The location is quiet at night and close to north beach, chinatown, ferry building, california street cable car, and union square. The bathroom was huge and gorgeous. You can't go wrong here.	
May 21 2006	Still a great hotel	I spent a night at the Meridien, my first stay since it changed from the Park Hyatt. Same quality, comfort and service as under prior management.	
May 13 2006 	Great hotel in need of renovation not worth the current rates.	I spend over 100 nights a year in hotels, and have spent several in this hotel. I'm sort of a hotel snob. If it were not for the free up grades I recieve at this property I would stay some where else. The service is good to excellent. The concierge desk, bar, and restaurant staff are fantastic, the front desk, bell stand, and housekeeping need some work. Druing the weekends the hotel and this area can be dead.The rooms are on the dark side, the one that face the city can be dark to gloomy with little or no sunlight. Bay view rooms have wonderful bay views and are much brighter. The decor in the room are on the dark side as well. Hyatt had replaced the carpet, wall paper and added new beds, but the rest of the furnishings are over 20 years old and its shows. The marble bathrooms are luxuious with nice amenities. The lobby bar and lobby need to be renovated, most of the 20 year old furniture shows it age. There is no pool, spa, jacuzzi, or even a restroom near the small gym. Most of the photos you see on the hotel web site are of the newly renovated penthouse suite not the guest rooms. This is a nice place to stay if you recieve the upgrades and services I get as a frenquent guest. But for the current rates I see posted I would stay some place else. There are several newer or renovated hotels in the city that offer more modern facilities, and services. Most of these hotels are around the same price range or are worth the extra buck. Le Merdian needs to do some major renovation to this property if it expects to keep offering the current high rates. Just a name change alone do not merrit an increase in rates, it's still the same old hotel in need of a face lift.	
Oct 13 2009 	Excelente hotel excelente ubicación		
Oct 7 2009 	Posizione super strategica		
Sep 13 2009 	Muy buen hotel		
Apr 10 2009 	belles chambres dans un hôtel très bien tenu		
Oct 27 2008 	Sympa mais peu mieux faire		
Aug 19 2008 	Top Hotel in Top Lage !		
Jul 31 2008 	Nach einem langen Flug genau das richtige Hotel!		
Jul 18 2008 	Hôtel bien situé		
Oct 2 2007 	Super toller Aufenthalt		
Aug 20 2007	Hotel très agréable		
