Nov 24 2009 	Wonderful Place to Stay	We really enjoyed our time at the hotle. The service and food were wonderful. Our room was a good size and it was very clean. It located in a very good location and would def consider saying there again.	
Nov 13 2009 	Outstanding service	I travel to San Francisco a couple of times each year and have been fairly loyal to the Hilton Financial District which has a great location and wonderful views. I have had drinks in the bar at the Omni and thought it was lovely. This time, I found a terrific weekend price at the Omni and decided to try it. It was a great decision. From the moment I walked in the door, the service was uniformly outstanding. The doorman asks for the name on the reservation - and from there, they hand you off, by name, from staff member to staff member. I was particularly impressed when the next morning, the bellman still referred to me by name - good memory! The room I had was probably not the best location, but I didn't expect their best room for the price I paid! The room itself was lovely, extremely well equipped. It faced inwardly to other rooms of the hotel and a nearby office, but frankly that was wonderful because it was extremely quiet for sleeping. The location of the Omni in the center of town does not lend itself to views in any case. When I checked in, they gave me door tags to hang each night with a requested beverage (coffee, tea, juice, etc) for the morning. What I particularly liked was that on the back, you could also order small breakfast items - muffins, yogurt, etc. for a very reasonable price rather then ordering an expensive breakfast from the room service menu. If you were happy enough with coffee and a muffin for breakfast, it was possible for a very small charge. All in all it was a lovely hotel, I hope I can find another fairly reasonable offering in the future, as I would love to stay again.	
Nov 12 2009 	Fantastically wonderful!!!	Everything about the hotel is lovely! We were celebrating my boyfriend's birthday and when we arrived they told us they'd upgraded us to a suite. It was a corner room and we had windows on both sides, a very nice sitting room, beautiful bathroom and huge bedroom. Everything about the room was first class. It was extremely clean and the bed was very comfortable. When we came back to the room after riding the cable cars around for a few hours there was a big piece of chocolate cake and a split of champagne waiting for us! We had dinner at Bob's, the hotels restaurant, and they gave us one of their intimate, private dining rooms. The food was wonderful! The hotel employees could not have been more helpful, welcoming and courteous. I can't say enough good things about our stay there and will definitely go back. I recommend it without hesitation!! Don't miss it, you'll love it!!!	
Nov 8 2009 	Amazing service location and comfort	We were totally wowed with the service and comfort of the Omni. We live in the Bay area and go to San Francisco every few weeks for fun in the city. We have stayed at several hotels, and this was by far the best experience we've had. We were given Express check-in, which was amazingly smooth. All of the staff is super friendly and accomodating. We ordered breakfast each morning (very yummy blueberry pancakes) and got coffee and the New York Times promptly at 8 am, as requested. The room was huge, quiet and the beds very comfy. The shower was so luxurious -- my husband is 6'5&quot;, so a high, large shower head is something he really appreciates. The workout facility was also very impressive - high-end treadmills, eliptical machines and free weights.The location is unbeatable -- right across from the Bank of America and a few short blocks from Union Square and the Embarcadero.You absolutely can't go wrong with the Omni!	
Nov 1 2009 	Once again--a wonderful experience at an Omni hotel	An absolutely beautiful hotel--a retrofitting of an old bank building. The location is perfectI got a great rate when I booked on line thru Omni and when I arrived I was pleasantly surprised to find out I had been upgraded to a one-bedroom suite--I can't say enough about the Select Guest Program at The Omni. A fleet of black Town Cars were waiting in front of the hotel to take you shopping, to restaurants, to the airport. The restaurant and bar are excellent as well. The suite was traditional in styling, and very elegant with a large walk-in marble shower. This is a perfect example of why I always stay at Omni hotels.	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent Value - Great Location	Traveled to San Francisco over the Labor Day weekend with my husband and another couple. We got a great deal on the rooms - prepay for $106 per nite. Never having stayed there I couldn't resist. I'm glad we took the deal. The Omni is in a fantastic location - China town just around the corner, short walks to embarcadero, Union Square, and the trolley runs right in front of the hotel. Tadiche's is only a block away (one of my favorite restaurants). The Carnelian Room is across the street in the Bank of America Bldg. (go quickly - it is set to close at the end of the year) on the 52nd floor, beautiful views of the Golden gate and the bay. Go for a sunset cocktail. It's an intimate room so try to be early for the best tables. The hotel itself could use a little updating. The rooms are big enough, just not very contemporary. A little old fashioned decor-wise. Everything perfectly clean. Comfy bed. The food was great at Bob's in the hotel (love Bob's - we know it from its origins in Dallas) and the scene at the hotel bar was lively. We went every day for an afternoon toddy. All in all a great trip. Don't miss Fisherman's Wharf and the bay cruise - interesting and beautiful. We had an absolutely perfect day. September really is the best weather there.Eat a bowl of chowder out of the fantastic sour dough. MMMM making me hungry!Would definitely stay at the Omni again.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent Hotel - wish we could of stayed longer	My wife and I stayed at the Omni for 2 nights in Oct as part of a 2 week trip of the West Coast. We picked the Omni via the good reviews in trip advisor and were not disappointed. From the moment we entered the foyer we knew that the reviews were correct. Check in was quick and friendly, we had asked for a room with harbor views and a high floor and received both these requests. The room was good size with comfortable bed and loverly bathroom. We had room service the first night - which was delivered quickly and was of good quality. The dinner included a birthday cake and red wine for my wife. The cable cars run outside the hotel which is handy for trips to Fisherman's Wharf. Union Sq is about a 10 minute walk. Dinner the second night was in their Chop House restaurant , which is a must, especially for wine lovers as they have been voted as having one of the top 10 wine lists in the world. Steaks and Seafood were of high quality and service excellent. Our last stay was at the Monaco which was also good but at $100 night extra is not as good value as the Omni. We will certainly come back to Omni, next trip to the states.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great Service	Picked the Omni after reading all of the reviews on TA. All as said before - great service, rooms, etc. In terms of location I didn't find it too far from Union Square, etc - 5-10 minute walk tops. I quite like the fact that it's in the financial district; means that local starbucks, cafe's etc are open nice and early for business (I'm a morning person!) although agree it's a little quieter in the evening once rush hour is over, but it's hardly dead.Walgreens, Mcdonalds, Starbucks and lots of cafe's are all within 100 metres of the hotel so you don't have to go far for anything.Would certainly recommend.	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent Base in Financial District	This is an outstanding hotel with an excellent staff. The rooms have everything you need with very comfortable beds. The bar is quite pricey downstairs and their breakfast and room service prices are absolutely ridiculously expensive. They would sell a lot more of each of those categories if they didn't charge so much. The location is unbeatable (unless you have the scratch to stay in the Ritz.). Highly recommended.	
Oct 22 2009 	Elegant hotel in SF	I like this hotel a lot! Very professional service, great food and good location. Omni is located in financial district on California Ave. You can walk to China Town; catch a cable car or a trolley. Our room was very clean, comfortable, and spacious, room service was always fast. I wish this hotel was part of Starwood or had some kind of reward program since it's not cheap. Another time I stayed in Le Meridien, just a few blocks away and I wish I was in Omni :) This is definitely great and beautiful hotel.	
Oct 20 2009 	highly recommended	Really great place to stay in San Francisco. walking distance to cable cars, trolley, China town. The staff is incredible - very helpful and friendly. Beautiful hotel. I would definately stay here again.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great hotel	Nice &amp; attentive costumer service in front desk and very funny and attentive bell boy. We had ordered a king deluxe and we got a very big room with extremely good and huge bed and a very nice view. Free wifi and if you become a member of their club, which is free, there is free coffee and such brought to your door in the morning. The location is also very good - i was afraid that we had ordered a room in the financial district because it often means empty and scary neighbourhood after business hours, but it was just on the edge of Union sq.It is a bit on the expensive side compared to us prizes, but we thought the money was well spent...The valet is like 50 bucks or something.	
Oct 18 2009 	A Warn welcome To California	Following a long flight from the UK we arrived to a very warm welcome from the staff at the Omni. Check in was fast and loads of useful info was offered. The room was very comfortable. The bed had a memory foam topper which made it really comfortable. The toiletries were great and everything was spotless. We didn't have breakfast here as there is so much choice nearby, however the bar is a bit pricey for drinks and snacks compared to other bars. Overall a great choice in San Francisco.	
Oct 13 2009 	A Jewel	This hotel is in financial district on California ave close to cable car, MUNI bus and trolley. The rooms are well appointed , the hotel staff are extremely out going. They know the area well and it's advised to ask for directions and input for dining etc. We enjoyed a relaxing stay and though it was our first experience staying at this hotel chain we cancelled our internary and stayed at Omni of LA,, Just a rubber stamp of what hotels should be and how staff obviously are in tune with helping there guests achieve the most out of there business or leisurely stay.	
Oct 11 2009 	Wonderfully welcoming great location fantastic for our 1 yr old too..	This is a great 4 star hotel that we only used because it was the cheapest in its class on Expedia for the night we wanted. The hotel is in a great location - only 10 minutes walk from the Ferry Building in SF and an easy walk from the rest of the waterfront and loads of cafes and restaurants. The staff were kind and attentive - I know they're paid to be, but they went the extra mile with our little daughter. A kid's toy-pack was handed to her immediately we came through the door, and there were cookies and milk left along with her crib. The room was beautifully kept and equipped and was immaculate. We were very happy with this hotel and would definitely consider staying here again!	
Oct 9 2009 	Nicest hotel in the city!	We stayed here for the Emerald Bowl 2008. It was fantastic. The staff was wonderful and always more than willing to accomodate any need. Probably the best thing about the Omni is their &quot;club&quot; program. If you sign up, they deliver free coffee/tea/cocoa to your door every morning. We were in SF during my birthday and came back to the room after the game to find a little birthday cake and a small bottle of wine waiting for us. It truly made a great trup even more special!	
Oct 8 2009	Pricey small rooms great location.	Hotel lobby was nice. Room was small but clean. Bathroom was terrific and clean. Check-in was difficult. Reserved room several months in advance and requested room w/2 beds (traveling w/my adult daughter). Was given room w/1 king bed. Had to wait an hour for room to be reassigned. Was offered a coupon for a free breakfast to compensate for the inconvenience, but it was not offered until we were checking out and leaving for the airport! Consierge was very helpful and knowledgeable. Housing keeping staff were friendly and prompt. Restaurant was very expensive and food was not what was expected for the $$ charged.	
Oct 4 2009 	Awesome hotel!	We stayed here in August for 3 nights and absolutely loved it! Service was excellent...location good (quiet on weekends...) but close to shopping and restaurants. Highly recommend it!	
Oct 2 2009 	Great Hotel in a Great Location!!!	This is a Great Hotel in a Great Location!!! All of the staff members were the BEST!!! I will be back.	
Oct 2 2009 	Excellent in every way	Attentive service, bordering on being too eager to help. Rooms are good size, with all the amenities. A plus for this hotel is a nicely appointed fitness center which is complimentary for guests. All in all, you will be quite happy here. Tip: Join the Omni Hotel frequent stay club, it entitles you to amenities including free newspapers, water, complimentary hot beverages delivered in the morning. Sign up is free. Another tip: Do not spend $48/night to valet park your car here. Best bet is not to have a car, if you must there are cheaper self-park alternatives (parking at corner of Sutter &amp; Stockton is a municipal garage)	
Oct 1 2009 	Had High Expectations and Omni Exceeded Them	I was in San Francisco for a conference and needed a room for 3 nights. I used a third party booker (starts with Price and ends with Line) and got an amazing deal on the Omni. I was very happy, because Omni is one of the highest ranked hotels in San Francisco. Now I know why.The Omni is located in the Financial District, which means it’s a fairly short distance from touristy spots such as Union Square, Embarcadero, Chinatown and Pier 39. It also seems relatively safe. There are plenty of restaurants nearby, both dinner style and “grab something quick” like Jamba Juice and Subway. Upon arrival, I realized I’d forgotten my phone charger. The front desk clerk, seeing that I was a little upset, offered to check housekeeping for a loaner. Five minute later she came back with a charger and said I could use it for the duration of my stay. Her helpfulness plus the cheery, happy, glad-to-be-at-work vibe given off by the rest of the employees in lovely lobby got my stay off to a good start.I had to wait a half hour for my room, which was no big deal since I’d arrived earlier than 3. One of the most cheerful porters I’ve ever encountered took my bags and held them while I ran to get some lunch. When the room was ready, I was surprised at how large it was – especially considering I’d booked third party. Omni didn’t discriminate and attempt to put me in the broom closet, which to be honest, has happened only once at a different hotel where I’d booked through the bargain booker.The room had a very long hallway – so long I could run laps back and forth. The bathroom was huge, the bed was big and comfy (as usual for Omni) and the room had a sofa, desk, chest of drawers and two flat screen TVs which could be adjusted so that I could view them from about any point in the room. The room didn't have a lot of light, but it didn't bother me, and the view was of people working in the offices in the building next door, which wasn't scenic, but slightly entertaining. As for the noise level, the only noise I ever heard coming from another room was a shower in a nearby bathroom. Overall, the room was very quiet.So the location was great, service was outstanding and the room exceeded my expectations.Room service prices were very, very expensive, but that’s to be expected. However, I was able to order from the bar at the restaurant downstairs (Bob’s) and take the food back up to the room. That cut the costs down tremendously and the cobb salad I ordered was excellent. I’d love to go back to San Francisco for a longer stay at The Omni, and hopefully, with family. I read they have a kids’ suite with bunk beds attached to a king suite. Final Note: Omni's Internet was free to members. To be a member, you just sign up on their website or when you get to the hotel. It's free and you get free Internet access. The room I was in wasn't wireless, but they provided a cord and I didn't have any major issues getting or staying online.	
Sep 29 2009 	Not perfect But a Good Stay and at a Reasonable Cost	My wife and I vacation in the Bay Area frequently. Given the number of top-notch hotels in The City, we usually pick and choose a new one each trip. This time we landed the Omni on a discount website for about $125 per night. Given all of the good reviews on Trip Advisor, we were excited to give it a try.The location of the hotel is better for business than leisure. While I like the Embarcadero area for its proximity to BART and the ferry building, we found ourselves constantly trudging up-hill toward Union Square or Pacific Heights for dinner and sightseeing. We do a lot of walking when staying in the City anyway, so the additional few blocks (all uphill) was a bit of overkill. In short, we largely prefer staying in Union Square and probably will skip the Omni because of its location on our next stay.All other aspects of the hotel were well above-average -- our check in went smoothly. The staff was attentive and pleasant. Our room was clean and comfortable, although very average in size and accommodations. The lobby area is attractive and the hotel is a very good mix of luxury and value. Overall, we found the Omni to be an excellent value and a good choice for a home base while staying in San Francisco. Our only complaint was the location, but for a business trip it would be perfect.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great location great servicefabulous breakfastexcellent value!	We stayed at 3 different hotels in San Francisco and this was by far the best value and a nice hotel with a good location. The room was spacious and comfortable. we were given through directions for locations we were seeking and good information on arrival. the price was very good.	
Sep 27 2009 	Very Nice	Our stay at the San Francisco Omni Hotel was excellent. The exterior of the hotel is very attractive and the interior is tastefully decorated. The rooms were nicely decorated; not too big and not too small. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The location is convenient to many tourist attractions and the trolley.	
Sep 25 2009 	LOVED IT!	From the moment we got to the Omni hotel, eveything was perfect! My husband and I have never been to San Fran and we came with 5 others for fun. On the day we arrived we came in late from the airport and had 30 minutes to get to Pier 33 for the night Alcatraz tour. Thank goodness for Michael at the front desk, he not only checked us in, took all of our bags and had us all whisked away in time to make the tour. That was just the beginning! Every morning Joey at the font desk would greet us and ask whats on the agenda today. Well he made lots of suggestions and was very helpful in teaching us how to take the cable cars to the Piers, which was very easy. It picks you up right in front of the hotel and you take it to Powell street. On Powell you can either take the Hyde Cable car or the Mason. They both take you to the water at the different spots but the Hyde takes you to Lombard Street where you can get off and walk down the famous street and its only a couple of blocks to the Pier. For us taking the cable cars and walking around was the best way to see and experience the life down there. Parking would be crazy, so if your able to walk, that is what I recommend. We also did the Night cruise to Alcatraz. We bought our tickets a month in advance and believe me if we hadn't we would not of been able to go. It is definately worth the price and a great tour! We also top the Hop on Hop off Bus tour over the Golden Gate Bridge. It was ok I was a little disappointed that we got on the wrong bus and didn't get to go to Salsalito. Once your on they do no transfers so your stuck on the bus going where its going. It wasn't bad we went to the Exploratorium, the Presidio, over the bridge and the Pacific Heights Mansions. It was nice but really heard that Salsalito was a great town to go to! Other than that the Bread from Boudini's and the seafood is Awesome! We went to a show in North Beach, Beach Blanket Babylon and thought that it was great! Different, funny with great costumes and the humor was with all the current events that are going on today and Singing. If your up for a funny show you will have to get your tickets ahead of time for this too! Had no problems taking the BART to and from the airport. Hotel was just 5 blocks away. A special thanks to Joey and Michael at the Omni for always helping and going way out of their way to make our stay better! Definately planning a trip to go back with our kids next year and would definately stay at the Omni again! It was nice and quiet for us, the bed very comfortable (needs extra pillows, you can request) and the rooms very comfortable. Hope this helps!	
Sep 23 2009 	Loud loud loud!	The Omni is a beautiful hotel in a great location. My wife and I stayed here as a treat and I thought it would be worth the cost. Unfortunately there was a loud wedding party when we were there. The hotel has an outdoor &quot;party patio&quot; on the third floor in the center of the building which just echoes and creates a terrible amount of noise. We had an early flight the next day and weren't able to sleep. I had to call several times to complain and beg to get moved to another room. Would I stay here again? Not a chance for 300 dollars.	
Sep 20 2009 	So Glad I booked the Omni	Stayed at the Omni for 3 nights over the Labour Day Weekend based on Trip Advisor reviews. From the moment we stepped out of our taxis I knew we booked the right hotel. The hotel was beautiful, all the staff we fanastic from check in to bell boys, housekeeping were great asking us when passing in the corridor if we needed anything. A special thank you to Darryl at the door for the great service we received. Room was very clean and the bed was very confortable. Sign up to their guest programme on their web site as you get free internet, tea or coffee to your room every morning, newspaper etc. Would defintely stay again	
Sep 14 2009 	Loved it - and such a deal!	We stayed at the Omni for Labor Day weekend and it was terrific. The staff did everything possible to make our stay a pleasant one, with special kudos to Lex, the concierge, who so generously shared his knowledge with us. Our room was clean and very quiet, the bathrooms were large with plenty of amenities, the WIFI in the room acutally worked every time and the location was perfect for walking to the Ferry Building. And - the nightly rate was about half what we would have paid at comparable hotels in the neighborhood! Definitely join the (free) Loyalty program when booking to get a few extras. Note: valet parking is costly ($30 per day on weekends and $48 during the week) but necessary.	
Sep 12 2009 	Working Vacations	This was an exercise in opulence. The room was gorgeous. the facilities were top notch and the hotel itself is centrally located just a stones throw from the financial district, and a great steak house on California Street ( I think it is). I even found a street vender that sld black roses..But that's another story..	
Sep 9 2009 	Absolutely fabulous	We found an outstanding price at the Omni San Francisco for Labor Day weekend. It is very centrally located so that we could (and did!) walk almost everywhere. The entire hotel staff from the door men, concierge, front desk, and housekeeping were friendly, helpful, and seemed to really enjoy working there. Our room was clean, cozy, and had a luxurious decor. We were very happy with our experience at the Omni and will definitely be back! We'll probably look for an Omni in other cities we travel too as well.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great hotel and staff! We would definitely stay here again!	We stayed here over Labor Day Weekend and everything was fantastic! We called ahead to find out more about the BART system and the concierge, Tara was very helpful. Mass Transit is the way to go in San Fran! Of course you must take advantage of the infamous Trolley cars (NOTE: pick up the trolley in the morning one block down from the hotel. You can buy tickets on-board. Otherwise, you will wait nearly an hour to get on the trolley at Powell Street or at Ghiradelli Square. Don't forget the MUNI. It is great too!! We took the MUNI to Haight/Ashbury and walked to Golden Gate park. The BART is fantastic to go to and from the airport. It cost $16.20 round-trip from SFO to Montgomery Street. The hotel is 5 blocks from the BART station. Don't waste your money on a $50 cab fare one-way! Anyway, we were greeted by Justin who check us in. We did not have any issues with check-in as some other people had indicated in other reviews. Justin was very friendly and cordial. He recommended a restaurant close by (Tadich Grille) so we had a quick dinner. Justin called some tour companies for us as we wanted to see Alcatraz. NOTE: If you plan on seeing Alcatraz PLEASE book your tickets in advance. I had been to SF ten years ago and never had a problem getting tickets to Alcatraz. I was told SF is so popular now that Alcatraz is sometimes booked for 3 weeks! We ended up getting tickets but it was by pure luck!! If you want to book tickets in advance, the Alcatraz ticket agent told me to book on the official Alcatraz website NOT a broker. We saw people turned away because their tickets from a &quot;broker&quot; weren't valid. All of the staff were very friendly and knowledgable at the Omni. We booked a 21-day advance so we got the best rate. Albeit, the rooms were a little small but VERY nice. The bathrooms are very nice with granite countertops and VERY clean as well. The lobby was nice with complimentary coffee. The hotel is a short walk or trolley ride to Chinatown and North Beach (Little Italy). Please check out Calzones in North Beach. It's a great Italian restaurant. It sounds like a pizza place but it's not. They have great food! Albeit, I don't think you can go wrong at any of the Italian restaurants. They all have outdoor cafe style seating. The Omni is in the financial district so there isn't alot of nightlife (which we liked). It was very quiet at night. If you want a hotel closer to bars or entertainment you might want to find something closer to Union Square. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at the Omni very much and would definitely stay here again!!	
Sep 6 2009 	Uspscale hotel with a moderate price!	I did book this hotel through priceline, but wow what a great stay!! I have never been in a hotel with such nice staff from the doormen, to the concierge to the cleaning staff there has been a lot of attention to detail. The room was spacious, clean and well appointed with higher thread count sheets, marble and brass fixtures and 9 ft ceilings. Our room peeked at the Transamerica Building but also a gray roof top but who cares there is lots to few out of the hotel. Location was perfect as you were in a quieter part of town but close to everything too. The cable car ran out the front door and you are 5 - 10 minutes away from Union Square, Chinatown and the Embarcadero. We didn't go to the Restaurant as we thought the menu was stuffy and way way overpriced for what else is out there around you!	
Sep 5 2009 	Elegant hotel with impeccable service.	This hotel far surpassed my expectations for the price. Beautiful lobby and rooms. The staff were extremely friendly and accommodating.	
Sep 3 2009 	Good but nothing more than you'd expect at the price	We traveled to San Francisco as part of a tour of the Western USA during the summer and stayed for three nights at the Omni. The location is excellent and the valet parking (at a cost) very useful in a city where parking is tough to find. Chinatown is a 5 minute walk and the trams up Nob Hill leave from basically outside the front door. The staff are friendly, courteous and very good at making you feel at home. Food at the in house restaurant is also good - I can highly recommend the breakfast! However, for the price you pay the rooms are small and nothing special (though bathrooms are good) and I just can't bring myself to give somewhere this expensive 5/5 as in reality it's not great value for money. A very pleasant stay nonetheless.	
Sep 2 2009 	Excellent location and good service	We selected the Omni based on TripAdvisors reviews - thanks to all of you who take the time to post your experiences!We loved the location of the hotel which is walking distance to Union Square, the Embarcadero, China Town, etc. It is a business hotel though so don't look out your window and expect a great view of the city. We did have a few little glitches upon arrival, but Sarah, at the front desk, was very very helpful and more than corrected the situations. The staff's restaurant recommendations were very good. Our experience in the hotel's restaurant was not good - so I agree with a previous post that you should eat elsewhere.I have to give Sarah, and the room staff a big thanks. I had left some medication in the refrig and called to see if they had found it. They did and even though they didn't think they could get it out on that Friday, somehow they managed and it arrived at my home the next morning by 10 am. I was so impressed. We will stay at the Omni on our next visit.	
Sep 2 2009 	Old San Francisco Charmer	If you enjoy &quot;old school&quot; service and city elegance, you will love the Omni San Francisco. The decor is elegant and the service friendly and impeccable. From the moment we arrived, everyone on staff bent over backwards to accommodate every request and everyone down to the maintance guy in the hall had a cheerful greeting for you. The concierge, Lex ,was incredibley helpful. The room was well-appointed and the bed with crisp sheets and duvet very comfortable. Sign up for Omni' frequent stay program and enjoy benefits on your first stay including complimentary beverage (you can choose both coffee and juice/bottled water per person) and choice of newspaper delivered each morning at the time you choose. Yes - the bar and restaurant are on the expensive to the OMG side - especially if you dive into the steak menu at dinner ($54 for a veal chop - wow!) but have to say I had a wonderful burger in the bar one night and did not begrudge the $19 price tag because it was so good. Breakfast was also pricey (and not as outstanding) but you can add pastries, fruit and even a breakfast sandwich on to your complimentary breakfast beverage order for not too big a hit so we went that route and enjoyed a more affordable breakfast in our room. As for location, you cannot beat this spot for convenience to the Ferry Building, Union Square, China Town and all other points. Buy a three-day pass ($18) from the front desk and you can ride the trolley (stops right in front of the hotel), the vintage buses and regular buses to your hearts content. Also, if you plan to go to the Tut exhibit, ask the concierge if they have any leftover VIP passes. They cost a few bucks more but you can go whenever you want and bypass the long line by using the VIP line once inside the museum - you just have to promise the concierge that you will be discreet and not a big blowhard about having a VIP pass.....	
Sep 2 2009 	I don't know other hotels but...	I suppose you'll get more comfort or luxury only at an even higher price...especially if you wanna stay close to Union Square.It's a 10 min. walk to Union Square and just around the corner of Chinatown so location is not bad but could be better. Rooms are very small and not offering much of a view, however, they are clean. The inhouse Restaurant is one of the best Steak houses in town and we liked it a lot! The staff is very friendly and helpful, they are used to tourists rather than business people and know everything about guided tours, rental cars (they act as an agent for Alamo/National) and so on. What I didn't get was the fact that they charge for the limo from the airport to the hotel some 130 bucks but when we asked for a cab from the hotel to the airport they offered the hotel limo for a flat fee of $50 -&gt; so you somehow feel ripped off about the first ride...If we would go to SF again we will definitely check other 4 star+ hotels aswell and try to find a good deal with some of the more well known brands. We picked the Omni mainly because of the good ratings here at tripadvisor and honestly, we haven't been really disappointed but expected more based on the very good ratings.	
Sep 1 2009 	A Class Act......	The staff at the Omni is an efficient, attentive, and welcoming group of individuals. The check-in took 2 minutes and the woman who checked us in paid attention to the simplest detail. She noticed my dress on a hanger and asked if we were there for a wedding. We casually explained that we were celebrating our wedding with our family on the West Coast. Upon entering our room after a quick jaunt shopping, we found champagne and chocolate covered strawberries with a card in our room. The next day when my husband realized at the last possible moment that he needed his shoes shined, they were shined and returned in ten minutes! Every time we walked in we were greeted with a &quot;Hello&quot; and a smile by at least 3 staff members. If you want to be treated well in San Francisco you will be very happy here. Also, it is located in a great area which is convenient to many attractions, shopping, and restaurants.	
Aug 31 2009 	an excellent option to visit san francisco	We spent 3 nights in this hotel, we make a 14 days in advance reservation and we got quite a good price.The location is really good, quite, you can walk to Union Square, Columbus Street and the Italian quarter, etc. You get coffee for free until 11 am but THEY CHARGE QUITE A LOT FOR INTERNET! This is something they should change and at least offer some minutes of cortesy if you are a guest in the hotel...Our room was really nice, big and SUPER CLEAN! Perhaps it's true that at the beginning we perceived a funny smell but we opened the windows and it was over after some hours.....If we visit San Francisco again, this hotel will be one of our first options for sure...	
Aug 30 2009 	Excellent!	We were so pleased with our room and the staff were outstanding. Would come again. Very quiet and clean. Bed was so comfortable. They charge for internet.	
Aug 26 2009 	not impressed	didn't like the hotel. lots of problems. room very small,carpets stained and worn out ,room service slow and forgetfull, noisy room, could hear everything from the next room. unfortunately I mean everything!!! Going back to the Le meridien	
Aug 21 2009 	Definitely #1 in San FRancisco	I have stayed in many top 4 and 5 star hotels in San Francisco and other large cities and this definitely one of the BEST I have ever stayed in. The lobby is wonderful, the rooms are large and tastefully decorated! My room included a great breakfast that could be served in the restaurant or my room and it was first rate.I hate to add this BUT:My only negative is the internet service that was a third party in house computer that was $5.95 for the first 15 minutes, this did not go with this first class hotel and needs to be replaced with a free service. They had a free service for airline check in that did not work--it took me about 8 tries to get one boarding pass printer, then I gave up!	
Aug 21 2009 	All the positive reviews are right on. A great stay!	Booked the stay with my husband for one night to celebrate our anniversary - largely based on the great reviews I read here. I have to say - we agreed! Friendly and helpful staff. Clean and well-appointed rooms. Great location. Quiet. We had a wonderful visit and will definitely return.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great Location and Exceptional Service!	Location - Perfect! Close to China Town, Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square, etc.Service - Exceptional! Entire staff was remarkable!Room - Very clean and comfortable!	
Aug 19 2009 	This was even better than i expected!!!!	My husband and i stayed here for our two year anniversary, i chose this hotel because of all the wonderful reviews on trip advisor. Let me tell you, we were not dissapointed!!! from the minute we stepped out of our taxi we had doormen opening the doors, helping us with our bags and greeting us so warmly! Thecheck-in process was so quick i could have blinked and missed it! there were fresh flowers all over the lobby and it was so beautiful with all the marble an the crystal chandeliers. As we made our way up to the 16th floor(i had called beforehand and requested a view, our room viewed part of the building next to us but also a good view of the bay, we could see Alcatraz island from our room!) i noticed that even the elvator was nice, and i dont like elevators! When we got to our room, i was very excited becuase after looking at the hotel photos online i had seen a room decor that i really liked better than the others,an we were in that exact room! White sheets and comforter with gold accents in the room, beautiful! there was a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries waiting for us, along witha card congradulating us on our anniversary. Even the beds exceeded my exepectations, i didnt think they would be so comfortable but i fell asleep so quickly and i didnt want to get up in the morning! we signed up for select guest, so we had coffee and tea delivered to our room each morning, and the coffee was really good! I would suggest getting breakfast at the little bagel shop right next door, they make really good breakfast sandwiches, but they were not open on sunday. We loved our stay here and we will definitely be back!!!	
Aug 18 2009 	Marvellous hotel in a marvellous location	Have just returned from the Omni San Francisco hotel, San Francisco. Selected it because of the previous excellent reviews on TripAdvisor, and this one will simply add to that list. This is a marvellous hotel in a marvellous location. Staff uniformly polite, helpful and knowledgeable (particularly the concierge staff). Rooms spacious, clean and very comfortable. Restaurants excellent, with plenty of outside alternatives nearby. Great location, with east access to cable cars, Fisherman's Wharf, China Town and North Beach (Little Italy). Only minor negative comment is the lack of a business centre (only a tiny room with 2 PCs that charge at $5 per 15 minutes) - but hardly a major issue. Highly recommended!	
Aug 18 2009 	The Omni blew us away!	From the second we walked in the hotel we were thrilled!! The front desk agents were friendly and efficient. As we made our way to our rooms, every employee we encountered was friendly and welcoming!! The rooms were very clean, the decor was nice and the bathrooms were lovely! Every time we left the hotel, the bellmen were a highlight, upbeat, friendly and at our service. The location is awesome, just a short walk to North Beach and Chinatown with easy access to the cable and street cars. I booked at the Omni for a weekend with 7 of my high school friends to celebrate our 40th. I signed up for the select guest program and we received comp beverages each morning. When we returned from our first day touring, they had put champagne, cake and chocolate covered strawberries in our room along with a lovely card!! It just started our trip with a bang and even without this we felt so welcome but this was over and above anything we could have expected!! I found a fabulous rate for all 8 of us on their website. They beat the rate of other luxury hotels by a long shot. We parked at St. Mary's around the corner and saved a mint.Between the employees and the beauty of the hotel, you won't go wrong with the Omni!!!	
Aug 17 2009 	Nice old style hotel near Chinatown	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights at the end of a week long California trip. The hotel was very nicely furnished - lots of tassles and oriental carpeting. The room was ok in size, but we did not have a great view (looked out onto an office building). I was glad that we were 2 blocks from Chinatown, but I didn't like the downtown office location (no one really walking around at night). It is right across from the Bank of America building where you can go up to the top floor for drinks and a nice view of the city on a clear night.We had room service, which the kids really enjoyed. Food arrived quickly and was still hot when it came. We were going to have breakfast in the hotel dining room, but the $25 charge for 2 eggs and bacon changed our mind.This is a nice hotel - accomodating to families. I'm sure there are better bargains out there. Valet parking was $48/day.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great stay!!!	Great hotel, wonderful staff, well located, great food, well maintained...what else can one ask for?!! 3 nights here and I had a wonderful time. Would come back here any time. I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. Will certainly recommend it. You have to have a meal at their main restaurant. It was a great experience. I had dinner on my first night and the service, food, wine, ambiance.....great!!!!!	
Aug 12 2009 	a bit oppressive?	we stayed in the omni for just one night at the end of a long holiday , there's no denying the rooms were spotless, the hotel beautiful and the staff super attentive. For us however it was almost too attentive to be comfortable . Our double queen room was pretty small ( smaller than the room we'd had in the francis drake at the start of our holiday) and at the end of a long corridor through a closed door which my daughter found 'spooky , large dark heavy furniture and heavy drapes ( including around the bath) didn't help'. The location though close to chinatown is very quiet for walking from in the evening. I am sure it's a perfect hotel for many but as a family who like convenience as well as comfort it wasn't right for us. If you like to travel by taxi, want to be looked after and don't mind paying the very high prices for 'extras' it's a great deal .	
Aug 12 2009 	Watch your car.	Because it was a last-minute trip, we booked with the Omni instead of our usual stop (The Ritz). Price was excellent compared to the Ritz and most of the employees were very friendly, especially the front desk and the doormen. But since this is a review to help us all travelers, here's our experience. When we first arrived there was no bellman or doorman. Only one valet person (we arrived at 6pm), who was &quot;forced&quot; to handle our bags. He didn't look too happy to have had to take care of our luggage when nobody answered his call (into his sleeve) for a bellman. We thought he could have at least hidden his displeasure of doing this. Location was right smack dab in the middle of downtown/financial district and they didn't have their own driveway. Since they are located in the corner, if there were a lot of cars in front of the hotel, you would be basically blocking traffic with your car. One last thing are the valet guys who would get our cars. Although there were great ones, there were also the occasional valet who would peel out of their garage (which was across the street) with our vehicle and make a very sharp and FAST u-turn with it in order to get to the front door of the hotel. Did not think that was professional and maybe management can have a reminder meeting with the valet about this. Mind you, we were right in front watching them drive our car recklessly.	
Aug 12 2009 	Excellent stay for family of 4 with 2 toddlers	Can't fault them, if a bit pricey - but you get what you pay for. We had a 4 night stay, 2 during the week regular and 2 'family package' continued on. The hotel linked the bookings to avoid room changing. The room was well equipped, with double bed and enough space for our 2 travel cots. Breakfast was great but not included, fantastic blueberry pancakes - better than naff UK/European breakfasts! Again expensive but it is a quality hotel. We found the portions big enough to share. There was a kids menu as well inc. pancakes, which our 2 year old loved. Overall the hotel were very attentive to our kids, they received a baby bag (backpack) with plastic milk cup and some kids items. Again the kids loved it. For us we could use the cups supplied for free milk refills in the hotel restaurant so could avoid using room service or finding a grocery store for whole milk. We also ran into a lovely small kids playpark just uphill past the Fairmount - very useful to keep the kids entertained between our sightseeing schedule.If we return to SF the Omni will be our first choice again - great stay and location.	
Aug 12 2009 	Wonderful hotel with superb staff and great location	We have just returned back from a trip to california for two and a half weeks.We chose the Omni SF for a three night stopover to savour the delights of San Francisco.Our choice of the Omni was based both on the wonderful experience we had last year in its sister the omni berkshire in new York and the excellent reviews kindly posted by other visitors to this hotel on trip advisor.And wow we were not dissapointed-from beginning to end the omni SF was excellent in every way .Astoundingly central location- walked everywhere ,to chinatown in five mins ,union square not much more,little italy in ten ,city lights book store and vesuvius bar in same.Brilliant and all safe to walk with no threat .The staff could only be described as superb and a credit to the Omni hotel .Welcoming ,accomodating ,helpful in every way and just generally cheerful and desiring to make our stay with them superb.From the concierge to the check in staff to the doormen and bell men they were outstanding.Our room was smart ,elegant and had everything we could ask for .Great downstairs bar too and lovely treats available for the kids to join us .It oozes class but not in an in your face way .Made our 19,17 and 13 year old kids feel comfortable without at all being ostentatious .This hotel has it in every way .Suffice to say two thinkgs.1...I would not hesitate to come back to this hotel or recommend it to anyone.and 2...it was so good that we will not stay anywhere but an omni whenever we visit the states again .If anyone from the Omni SF is reading this -take a bow -you were brilliant and made our holiday and stay in sf supremeA thousand thanks from a happy irish family .well done	
Aug 12 2009 	Excellent service and personal attention	We traveled there on the last week of July on our first trip to San Francisco and were extremely pleased. The hotel lacks some amenities; but they make up for it with outstanding service and location. Would definitely visit again.	
Aug 11 2009 	Enjoyed our Stay	Our stay at the Omni SF was great, we enjoyed the hospitable service and the location. Having the Cable Car right outside the door is definitely convenient and the Concierge recommended getting the 3-day pass ($18) which allowed us to ride the cable car/street car/bus system anywhere in the city. Our room was a bit noisy with the elevator adjacent, but we became accustomed to the humming sound. The room was large with a king-sized bed and a sofa sleeper for our pre-teen. We found the turn-down service inconsistent and our son only received his &quot;milk and cookies&quot; one night of the 4 we stayed. Maybe you had to be in the room when the housekeeper came by? Room Service and housekeeping service were very prompt and courteous when called upon.	
Aug 9 2009 	lovely elegant hotel excellent service	beautiful hotel very helpful staff clean room very elegant would definitely stay again	
Aug 9 2009 	Great Hotel great location great with kids	This hotel was right up there with the Ritz without the price. The staff was so nice, from booking the hotel to arriving and arranging cookies and milk to be delivered nightly to the kids. What a treat. The workout room was great. The trolly car stopped right out front. Considering we had children we decided it was good to ride the trolly car one day, but faster and cheaper to take a cap from that day forward. They have a store called Napa Ranch next door. Great for a small breakfast. Sear Fine Foods, up the street, was better for a large breakfast. The hotel staff was wonderful however, Taufique was very helpful. He helped with booking our rooms and making us feel welcome when we arrived weeks later. He helped with things to do and gave us great recommendations. From reservations to check out he was there. Thank you Taufique!!! The Omni in San Francisco made our week long trip great! Thanks again.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great city hotel	Courteous staffElegant rooms and lobbyPerfect housekeeping - the room was spotless (and I am very fussy!)Quiet and peacefulGood location near China Town and North BeachA faultless experience - the most professional, friendly staff we encountered on our trip to the USA	
Aug 6 2009 	Deserves its high ranking for SF!	In spite of the fact that we were staying over a very busy weekend (the front-desk staff mentioned that the hotel was completely booked), everyone, from doormen to cleaning staff we happened to pass in the hall, was friendly, professional, and efficient. Our room met every expectation: it was exceptionally clean, spacious (for a hotel in the city), tastefully decorated, and had thoughtful little touches here and there – like the glass jar in the bathroom with sealed packets of cotton swabs and cotton balls, in case you’d forgotten to pack your own. And even though the hotel was full, the room was exactly of the kind I’d requested in my Select Guest profile. The room was also well soundproofed; once in a while we’d hear a door opening or closing in the hallway, but mostly there was silence, broken only by the occasional, lovely sound of the cable car bell as it passed up California St.  The hotel is near the Financial District, which means that the area is quieter at night and on weekends. So if you’re looking for something at the center of the city’s action, then this is probably not for you. However, it was only a short distance away from the hubbub of the high-density tourist areas: about 10 minutes walking to Union Square &amp; shopping, around 20-30 minutes to the SFMOMA and Asian Art Museums, and also has easy access to streetcars, buses, and the BART subway system.  Hopefully they’ll equip all rooms with wifi at some point. For now, it’s only available on a few floors (with higher-priced rooms), and upon arrival we had some inconvenient fumbling with cables and such before we got the internet running. But even with this little exception, I’d love to stay here on my next visit to San Francisco!	
Aug 4 2009 	Gorgeous Great Location Excellent Staff Great Rate but Expensive Extras	I would recommend this hotel for overall quality, downtown location, excellent staff, and amazingly comfortable bed. But calculate your &quot;extras&quot; ahead of time. $48/night to park your car; $20 for two scoops of ice cream, $26pp for American breakfast.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great location	My husband and I spent 3 nights there. This hotel is in a great location. It was a two minute walk to Chinatown or North Beach. We found that the staff was extremely friendly and the conceirge was exxtremely knowledgable and offered up some great restuarants for dinner. I highly reccommend joining the perks program for free. You won't then be charged for the internet and will get complimentary juice and coffee brought to your room in the morning with the newspaper. At night, they bring you cookies and milk. The room itself was on the smaller side, but it was clean and comfortable. It was not noisy at all. This is a great hotel and we would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 3 2009 	Great stay - thumbs up from our 2 year old.	This hotel is a great property to start with and then the staff adds a huge plus that few properties can match. We walked in the door with our two year old and one of the bellman rushed off and presented her with a &quot;special backpack&quot; filled with kids toys which was followed that evening by cookies and milk before bedtime, need less to say, our daughter was thrilled by the whole bit.For us, the hotel was located in an ideal location, not too busy, but easy to access the rest of the city via the California Cable Car line and any number of buses in addition to the trolleys and BART just a few blocks further away.The room was very pleasant and the bed was perfect, the only complaint at all was that we did get a bit of city noise through the windows, fortunately it was just enough to put and keep our daughter to sleep!All in all a real gem of a hotel in a fantastic city.	
Jul 27 2009 	Loved it!!	The service at all levels was superb and the room was comfortable and clean and rather elegant. We paid $207 per night (AAA rate) and it was well worth it. In fact, if it was a &quot;view hotel&quot; (it overlooks downtown), it would have undoubtedly been half again as much if not more. Nothing is perfect but given what we paid and the fact that its a four-star (not five) hotel, I really have no complaints whatsoever and would stay there again in a heart beat. Definitely sign up for the Select Guest Loyalty Program; you can get a number of complimentary items that would otherwise incur a charge and there's nothing to lose by doing it.	
Jul 23 2009 	Perfect Stay	My sisters and I spent three nights here.  I have to say that it is the first time that we've had a flawless trip.  The hotel, and all of the staff, were certainly well above what we expected.  From the moment we arrived, we felt like we were royalty.  The doormen, bell staff, front desk staff, and restaurant staff, were all very friendly and helpful.  The room was nice and clean.  The beds were very comfortable, and we hardly heard any noise.  Housekeeping was very attentive, and did a fantastic job. The hotel restaurant was very nice and the food great. The hotel is located in the Financial District, and very convenient to San Francisco attractions.  I highly recommend!	
Jul 23 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed 5 nights in July at the Omni. Our room on the 17th floor was well appointed and very comfortable. Staff were extremely helpful, very knowledgable and nothing was too much effort for them.The hotel is ideally situated for exploring the city on foot or by bus. I am very fussy and could find no issue with this establishment.If booking a trip to Alcatraz Island do as we did and book well in advance from home to ensure you secure the dates you want.	
Jul 23 2009 	Elegant Comfortable Excellent Staff Wonderful Stay	It is always important to do research about a hotel before you stay there. We (my husband, daughter and I) just spent a week at the Omni San Francisco Hotel. Having never been to SF, I wanted to stay in a nice luxury hotel with knowledgeable staff and we were not disappointed. The Hotel is located in the Financial District a short distance from the more chaotic tourist areas but easily accessible to world class shopping, eating, Fishermans Wharf , Chinatown and other scenic areas by walking, cable car, taxi, bus or rail. From the doorman, check in staff, bellman, concierge, housekeeping and restaurant, everyone warmly greeted us upon coming and going and always thanked us for staying with them. They went out of their way to be helpful with really good attitudes. We joined the select guest program for free (on their website) and this entitled us to FREE In-Room Internet Service, coffee/beverages of choice every morning, with a choice of 1 of 4 newspapers along with delivery of ice and turn down service in the evening. Upon making the reservation I mentioned that we were celebrating a birthday and when we arrived in our room, there was a card, birthday desert and bottle of chilled champagne waiting. We were in a regular room but I did request the top floor away from the elevator and got exactly what I asked for. The room was very clean - something I'm very picky about, beds were extremely comfortable and housekeeping service replaced our towels and promptly cleaned our room and bathroom every day when we left to go sightseeing. A concierge was usually available to make dinner reservations or tour arrangements, transportation and help with directions, areas to avoid, etc. They were always busy but always polite and willing to help. We ordered room service one evening and also ate in the hotel lounge. Delicious food and again great service. Bob's Chophouse, the main restaurant in the Hotel was very pricey so we chose to eat at more moderately priced meals in the different city districts. OTHER: Be prepared to tip. No pool. Nice fitness room. Good conference hotel. Family friendly. Parking is $48 per night, but if you have to have a car, there are a few less expensive garages nearby to park. No gift shop in the hotel but there is a little store next door you can buy drinks or get a snack, batteries, etc. Many of the little coffee shops are closed on the weekend in the financial district.	
Jul 21 2009 	bad restaurant no room window no wifi	The restaurant was bad. Stay away unless you're starving or just want a beer. It seems that some rooms look into a hole between the neighboring building and the hotel. The roof at the bottom of this hole is slanted so if you're unlucky you could get a room with a window that's blocked. And at the very least all of the rooms that look into this hole don't get any sunlight. They don't ave wifi. I've never stayed in the 4 star hotel that didn't have wifi - and they try to charge $10 a day for wired internet access - rip offffff.	
Jul 20 2009 	What a great stay - Fabulous service lovely rooms quiet	I am delighted with our stay at the Omni Hotel. We felt looked after - like it was home. We had 4 nights there only 1 week ago. From the moment we pulled up and were greeted by Darrell the doorman, who was warm and humourous to my son, to the time we checked out, I give this hotel top marks. It was easily 4 star+. The service was excellent - the doormen, the front desk, the conceirges, the bellman. Nothing is too much trouble. There are complimentary drinks &amp; fruit in the late afternoons in the front lobby which we had when we checked in. It was the most welcoming check-in I think I have ever had. My son got milk &amp; cookies brought to our room as well.Our room was beautiful, with 2 queen beds and a marble bathroom. As we had one 11 year old child, it was big enough for the 3 of us, (we hadn't found that in some of our other accomodation whilst in the US.) It was quiet &amp; had dark enough curtains so we slept really well. It had great beds &amp; linen, free internet, complimentary tea and coffee and a mini bar. We got great advice when we asked for transport assistance or places to eat. The location of this hotel is great for catching cable cars &amp; getting to Union Square. It is in the financial district but that is one of the reasons it is classy and quiet after hours. (As opposed to Fishermans Wharf which was insanely noisy.) Even when we checked out, I had to wait in the lobby for 2 hours due to delays with our car rental. My luggage was supervised, I was checked on, I got the use of the phone at the conceige desk &amp; was even entertained. I wholeheartedly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 17 2009 	Wonderful Staff Great Location	Like everyone else, we loved San Francisco and can't wait to go back. I can only echo the other raves about the Omni San Francisco. The rooms are lovely, the staff goes above and beyond to make your stay enjoyable, problem-free, and comfortable. The location is fantastic. We didn't have room service but did have a steak in the restaurant, which was quite good and equal to most NY steak houses (except Peter Lugers for you steak lovers out there).	
Jul 17 2009 	beautiful relaxing catering and great location	My teenaged daughter and I stayed at the Omni for one evening before proceeding onto Palo Alto. This was our second stay at this Omni. From the moment you arrive, staff is outstanding and catering. They don't just talk service, they walk service! Fragrant flowers and a beautiful lobby greet guests. Our room was beautiful and quite clean. I would have given a five star (excellent) rating had it not been our room location, immediately off the elevators and on the Montgomery side. Guest noise from the elevators, a quite vocal and inebriated local shouting at the top of his lungs from midnight until 1am on the the Montgomery side and early morning (9am) vacuuming right outside our door (despite a privacy please sign), left us with a less than rest-filled evening. But, the location of this hotel (on the California trolley line), a short walk from the F line for quick access to the Wharf or, if you are inclined as were we, a longer scenic walk to the Wharf and onto Ghiradelli's, plus the hotel's catering staff and beautiful ambiance would lead me to it's doors yet again when I am in the San Francisco area. Also just a block away is a Walgreen's and, our favorite, Jamba Juice! A $50 per night parking fee (for your car) seems high but is likely the going rate.	
Jul 16 2009 	Violently ill after eating room service breakfast	My husband and I spent our 12th anniversary here, and we both became violently ill the morning of our anniversary after eating the room service breakfast. We were sick for days afterward. They were nice at the desk (although they offered nothing for our trouble through Omni management when I told them what happened--just, oh sorry to hear it) and the room was fine, but we won't stay there again, not when there are so many great hotels in San Francisco that don't make you sick.	
Jul 16 2009 	An excellent hotel	Along with many other reviewers we thoroughly enjoyed our 4 day stay at both this hotel and in SFO itself. The service was excellent and everyone was most attentive at all times. We just had standard rooms but that means they were by no means ordinary and well up to 4 or even 5 star standards. The concierge was most helpful and made several reservations for us. The hotel has an excellent steak restaurant by all accounts but we did not go there but if you do want a tip for a quite magnificent steak then go to The Harris Restaurant. It's a short taxi ride but well worth the trip and the food is quite magnificent. I can heartily recommend the 49 steak if you have a good appetite.I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.	
Jul 11 2009 	5 Stars all the way	I loved this hotel. It's officially a four star but it's significantly better than may 5* hotels I've stayed in. It's almost at four seasons level for service and quality of amenities. The hotel is located on California street which is close to all the best of downtown San Francisco and it's lovely to come out of the hotel and see the historic cable cars rolling by. The public areas are very nicely finished and fell very luxurious. The welcome from the staff was also very warm. The room was a nice size and the bathroom was really beautiful. The bed was also extremely comfortable. The hotel has free wifi also which is welcome. On checkout, everything went smoothly and the door staff were very helpful. I booked this hotel on hotwire and it only cost $120 for the night. This was an absolute bargain for a hotel of this standard. Can't wait to go back!	
Jul 10 2009 	Amazing stay and incredible service	I agree with most of the previous reviews. We stayed 2 nights and did decide to go for the signature room which was beautiful. We were greeted at the curb upon arrival by friendly staff who we found helpful throughout the entire stay. They freely offered us suggestions, all of which we took. The guy who brought our bags up suggested a good breakfast place within walking distance and a place within easy walking distance where we could go for drinks at sunset before dinner that had a romantic panoramic view. The hotel is also right around the corner from Chinatown and the weather was nice so we were able to walk there and do some shopping.We had dinner (Filet and Sea Bass, both very good) at Bob's Steak &amp; Chop House at the hotel which I recommend if you're not on a budget. Room service was also good.The only thing we didn't like about this hotel was the parking charge.	
Jul 8 2009 	Awesome Experience at the Omni	The Omni is an amazing hotel. While the hotel itself is very luxurious, the staff, especially Sarah at the front desk, really set the Omni apart. They are unfailingly polite, helpful, smiling and enthusiastic to serve. Do yourself a favor and stay here. Everything works and the staff are really intent on making your stay at the Omni and in San Francisco something you will always remember.	
Jul 8 2009 	Best Service in the City	This is our second visit to the Omni - the first time we were singularly impressed but thought perhaps we just got lucky. On this second visit, it was confirmed this is one of the best hotels in the City! The staff is dedicated, well-trained, genuinely friendly and helpful. They seemed sincerely interested in attending to your every need. The rooms were sparkling clean and well-appointed. The service, however, is what sets the Omni head and shoulders apart from other San Francisco hotels - much better than we received at The Palace, for example. We only stayed one night this second time, but this will be our hotel of choice on our next visit, and we are also so pleased that we are hoping to hold our next corporate retreat at the Omni.	
Jul 7 2009 	If I Could Rate This Hotel More Than 5 Stars I Would!	I have been to San Francisco several times and have stayed in various hotels in the Union Square / Financial District area. We purchased this hotel through Priceline for the 3rd &amp; 4th of July for $100.00 per night. We were upgraded to a top floor room with bay view at no extra cost. Unbelievable seeing as we had booked the room at such a discount. I signed up for the Omni Club prior to our arrival so we were able to get a pot of coffee and juice at no charge to our room each morning of our stay. Our room was huge with a comfortable king bed &amp; 2 flat screen TV's. You can save approximately $20.00 per day by parking your car in the St. Mary's Square Parking Garage (about a 2 minute walk from the hotel) rather than using the valet parking. The location was perfect. 5 minutes to China Town, 10 to Union Square and 15 to the Ferry Building. I highly recommend this hotel!!!	
Jul 6 2009 	A Fantastic Start To A Wonderful Honeymoon	We experienced a fantastic welcome from the staff from the very moment we stepped in the hotel after a very long flight from the UK. Fortunately for us, as we were honeymooning we were upgraded to a suite but the whole ambience of the hotel was wonderful. The hotel is ideally located, and main attractions are easily reached by either walking, tram or a short cab ride. I can only report positive things about this hotel, and was very sad to leave on the next leg of our journey.	
Jul 1 2009 	Nice "grown up" hotel...but great for kids too!	I am often surprised by how the nicer hotels make children feel unwelcome. I know some kids are noisy and unruly, but for the most part well disciplined children shouldn't be made to feel like they don't belong.The Omni was the exact opposite. Upon our arrival, we were greeted at the door by a friendly lady who presented little goodie bags to my two boys. Nothing fancy, but one of the toys in there kept my 6 year old son busy for much of our trip. It was a very nice touch. Also the cookies and milk left in our room the first night was very sweet.The hotel is beautiful, nice clean rooms and has a great staff. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 30 2009 	Trust the Trip Advisor Rating--Great hotel	Half of the time I don’t trust a ranking on Trip Advisor. Everyone has a different opinion on what is important: free breakfast, spa services, pool, and parking. But we got a good rate at this hotel for a long weekend and I must say it deserves it’s high ranking. The rooms were very clean. The staff is excellent(I swear they were so polite and sorry when their cleaning carts were in the hall) front desk, bellmen, and front door people helping with the cars. The beds were comfortable, sheets and towels first rate. Big quiet room, except for the trolley car that runs outside—but once the noise was identified did not keep us awake. The other things that were high lights--- NO fluorescent bulbs, an actually 3-way regular light bulb so you could see to read. NO annoying cards asking you to save the planet and the hotel money by not washing your sheets and towels. A small spray starch bottle that came with a charge but it was appreciated. Not having to sign for coffee service. My husband is a member of the Omni club, and it is easy to join and you get some freebies—like newspapers and coffee. The only thing I can complain about is that the room didn’t have wifi—so only one laptop could be used with the modem in the desk.	
Jun 30 2009 	Wonderful	Just want I expect from the Omni! Great service, super location, first class room. A real value for the price I paid.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great Experience	From the warm greeting when we walked in to the helpfulness of the staff when we left, I felt that this truly is a 4 star hotel. The location is in the business district, 4 blocks from the BART line which we took in from the airport. It is close to cable cars, street cars and buses. We were there to visit the art academy so it was very convenient for that and not far from the Ferry building, China town and some great restaurants. It is very quiet on weekends also, due to office buildings being closed and felt very safe. Our room was spacious, modern and clean, well appointed and nicely decorated. The room temp can be controlled with your own thermostat and the bathroom was modern and spacious. They offered free coffee and newspapers in the bar every morning and fresh fruit and fruit water every afternoon in the lobby. (Also free jelly candies next to the bar). We went to the bar to have drinks and left, thought the drinks were a little pricey ($15 martinis) and went up the street to the Vesuvio, next to the City Lights bookstore. We checked out at 10 and they offered to store our bags since our flight was later in the evening. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to my friends.	
Jun 20 2009 	Great Location and Amazing service	This is a great location at the corner of Montgomery and California, directly across from the Wells Fargo headquarters. Hotel bar made me a killer Mojito, but it was a bit pricey at $14. Room rate was $200/night.My colleague was able to get his shirt dry cleaned at 10:00pm after spilling some red wine...he picked it up in the lobby the next morning at 9:00am. I can't think of ever having been able to expect that kind of service before.Take a taxi to the Embarcadero at night for about $10 each way, there are some great restaurants on the water.	
Jun 17 2009 	The best place to stay in one of the best places to visit.	A great hotel in a great location: it’s only a five minute walk to Chinatown, a five minute walk to the shopping district and about 15 minutes to the ferry building (next to Pier 1). If you’re going further afield there is a tram stop directly outside the hotel and the regular bus service stops can be found within a block. The lobby and reception area of the Omni were modern and tastefully appointed, a theme which was followed through to the bar and restaurant areas. The hotel room itself was spacious, clean and fairly well appointed with nice decor, a modern flat screen LCD TV and cordless phone. The only negative point was that the housekeeping service seemed a little off the pace with drinking glasses not being replaced with clean items and in-room tea &amp; coffee making facilities that were never fully replenished - I lost count how many calls I made downstairs in order to resolve these little niggles. Apart from that, the service given by the rest of the Omni’s staff was first class. Highly recommended.	
Jun 16 2009	The Omni has it all.	I recently got back from a trip through California with my mom. At the end of our trip we stayed 3 nights at the Omni. It was the BEST of all the hotels we stayed at and I feel I booked some nice hotels. There was always a doorman and Darryl is the best of ALL. They were polite and would say welcome back. Darryl would even ask how your outing was. The front desk always said hello to me and my mom as we descended the stairs in the lobby. The room was clean and comfortable. The bath was very nice indeed. The room service was excellent in taste and value. My mom liked the tea they used so much I had to go online to order some for her. I personally loved the blueberry muffins with honey. Some people might say $4 plus tax and gratuity is expensive but go try to buy one at another establishment. It would cost about the same and is not near the quality or quantity. I have traveled coast to coast about 45 times and abroad twice, some was business and some pleasure. Some of the hotel/motels cost $40 a night and some $500. In those stays I have NEVER encountered the service as I did at the Omni San Francisco.I even took mom inside 3 big name hotels at the Wharf to compare our value and we knew we had made the right decision immediately. None of the hotels had a doorman available, the concierge was either aloof or rude (and yes I asked for 'directions'), and no one said hello as we entered. Also, when we left, I noticed there was no one to call a cab.I will say that we got spoiled on a refrigerator to store goodies in along our trip - as the Omni has items stored in theirs to buy, but it is overall TRIVIAL and I can't see myself staying anywhere else the next time I visit San Francisco.Lastly, yYou must try Bob's Chop House in the hotel. My mom had the Halibut which she said was better than a leading restaurant we ate at the night before. I had the crab cakes. They were excellent and I must say that the scallop potatoes with onions and peppercorn gravy served with a huge glazed carrot was superb.Thanks for a wonderful stay. My mom said it was her highlight hotel.	
Jun 8 2009 	Wonderful start to finish!	Check-in was quick and friendly. Great staff-doormen, front desk,housekeeping etc.The concierge went &quot;above and beyond&quot; to make arrangements for us to tour the city in a helicopter. The room (California Suite) #720 was great. Corner room with floor to ceiling windows. Bed and linens were way above average quality. Room safe simple to use. Most anything you might need was in the room.Robes,even an umbrella, but thankfully it did not rain. Did not eat here, so I can't comment on the food. Small business center available for printing boarding passes etc. Overall a top rate, first class hotel. Can't imagine ever staying anywhere else in San Francisco!	
Jun 7 2009 	fantastic	got great Inet room rate. stay room 1525: great view. join select guest program: free delicious decaf coffee and papers. large room. larger bathroom. close to Chinatown and North Beach, 5 minute walk to Market St.or Ferry bldg. try Culinary Institute Fri night Buffet 6-8 pm or Yank Sing AM for very expensive delicious dim sum. J &amp; C on Jackson between Kearney and Grant for much cheaper non-tourist experience dim sum. Noe Valley: eat at Savor, shop at the Chocolate shop next block. Buy 3 day Muni pass for $18, worth it. Great front desk help.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great customer care at a wonderful location	I just finished my first stay in an Omni Hotel, and I am very impressed. This San Francisco hotel is marvelously located because you can easily walk to Chinatown, North Beach (the Italian part of town), the Westfield mall, Curran theatre, the Embarcadero &amp; Ferry Building, etc. The trolley runs by the front door. And of course, there is a Starbucks every half block and a Jamba Juice nearby so you can get coffee as well as an oatmeal breakfast.The beds are very comfortable, the bathroom counters spacious, and bathrobes are provided. If you ask for a wake-up call, a real person calls you in the morning. The front desk is efficient and friendly. The doormen and valets are the same. The fitness center is well-equipped with Precor equipment including 5 treadmills, 2 recumbent bicycles, and several ellipticals.The key to having a really great stay is to join the Omni Select Guest program. Then you get internet free, and they deliver the NYT or WSJ in the morning along with coffee and juice. The downsides to this hotel are (1) parking with tax is about $54 per night, but that's pretty much a standard SF hotel rate. (2) The furnishings in the room are not top notch. The wall decor is pretty sparse, the Sharp flat panel TV has the slowest channel changer I've seen in a long time, and the nightstands are flimsy. (3) The rooms only have wired internet access. Wireless is only available in the lobby.	
Jun 1 2009 	One of the Best experiences ever.	Thanks so much to the entire team at the Omni. We celebrated our anniversary at this hotel and what an experience. The hotel was beautiful and the customer service was perfect. I would recommend to anyone traveling and wanting to be treated like family.. we have always stayed at the Hyatt or Marriott. We will be back.. Thanks again....	
May 31 2009 	Ideal location if you have young children	this hotel is comfortable, very clean, and well located in san francisco. We have three young children and our room had two double beds and a double sofa bed which meant we all slept comfortably with lots of room. We had two tvs/desk/safe/mini bar etc and an amazing bathroom with marble fittings. This hotel is quiet at night at the weekend and the financial area is clean and well maintained. Yet the cable car runs infront of the hotel/china town begins behind the hotel/union square is a 15min walk to the right and the ferry building/coit tower steps and the piers are roughly a 15min walk to the left. Seven minutes exactly straight on takes you to Market St and lots more Muni bus/Bart options. I have read on the forum that this location is not favourable but i totally disagree. Union Square was so noisy and with a tramp on almost every corner was not for young children. Fishermans Wharf was great if you like a Blackpool type area - we were glad we didnt stay there. If you like to be close but not too close to the main areas this is for you. Extra children's goodies included backpack with goodies in and first night cookies and milk. Tips negotiate a parking deal for around $30pn or park opposite sat/sun till 4am only for $7 per day. Join select guests to get free internet and coffee/juice in the morning. Could be improved by milk cookies every night for kids see their disappointed face when you get in on the second night and its not there - cruel. Cheaper parking automatically when you book why should you have to bargain for it!	
May 29 2009 	Very Nice Clean and a Great Location	We were in San Francisco May 21-26, 2009. The Omni Hotel, San Francisco was a great choice of hotel for us as this was our firt trip to San Francisco. We found it to be conveniently located, nicely decorated, polite and professional staff - and most import - clean, well maintained and really comfortable beds in the rooms! Staff was very helpful, and went out of their way to make sure that they were of assistance to us. You can walk to many of the city's attractions from this hotel (the hills are a killer!!) and the California Line trolley is right outside the door, walking distance to BART (which we took from the airport for $5.35 per person without any problem) and nearby to China Town and Union Square. One small drawback - the steakhouse- Bob's was very pricey and while we expected that to be the case, the food was really not quite up to the prices they charged. It was very good, the wait staff was wonderful. I would say the food, while the quality of it was above average, but certainly not outstanding and worth the price of the meal we had there. But, all in all, it was a very nice stay and I would most certainly stay at the Omni again.	
May 24 2009 	Nice Potential But Has Issues	I have always liked this hotel, upscale atmosphere, great location, very good initial service, the door men are first class, and have stayed here previously, but during this visit things have gone tremendously DOWN HILL. First day, an interruptive knock on the door from a supervisory male housekeeping member to issue two packets of coffee to the room (oh please...obviously don't entrust the maids?) Should I now be concerned about theft of my own belongings?Second day, I return to the room to see ONLY a white sheet on my bed with the comforter on the floor and pillows and duvet stacked on my chair (thought the maids were not done yet). Not the appealing grand entrance you want to make in a four-star hotel room you expect to relax in...thought I was back at my college dorm. Complained to the desk, but find out this is the daily policy...and they falsely claimed it was the &quot;turn down service&quot; and I was the first of the day (at 3pm???)...caught them in a lie because the bed is never made up once you check in...their turn down service simply folds the corner of your sheet over....and no chocolate mints or anything typical of virtually every other hotel chain. The comforter stays on the floor during your entire visit. So, you will have to move all the pillows and duvet off the chair so you have a place to sit down (likely throwing them on the floor due to the small rooms. So, don't bring visitors to your room....is really a poor first impression. I also notice there are LOTS of long black hairs all over the bathroom (shower tub, walls, floor)...likely from the maids. Thought it was a fluke, but the trend continued throughout the stay.Next day, I notice that they are not replenishing my shampoo in the bathroom...an embarrassment for an upscale hotel and I feel like they are skimping on me to save money. I'm too embarrassed for them to make an issue of it and fortunately I had some stashed away deep in my travel bag. Now feeling that I am in a two or three star hotel.If you stay here, join the Select Guest club, as you'll receive complimentary internet service in your room and beverage room service every morning. Just an FYI...there are no exhaust fans in the bathrooms (probably due to the age of the building).I won't be returning, as there are better options for the money.	
May 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel!	We completed our honeymoon in San Francisco and looked forever to find the perfect hotel! We couldn't ask for a better find! From the moment we arrived the doorman kindly greeted us and wouldn't let us carry a thing! The hotel is absolutely beautiful (the lobby and the rooms). The location is perfect...easy walk to many fun spots. We will definitely be staying here again!	
May 5 2009 	Service	The Omni staff is professional. They have courtesy down to a science. Our stay was too short. We have found our favorite hotel in San Francisco.	
May 4 2009 	Could Not Have Picked a Better Hotel	The hotel has the feel of a grand hotel. Its location is perfect. We got the kids suite after reading about it on this site. Its an adjoining suite with bunk beds and a puppet theater and kids sized robes and bathroom. MY KIDS LOVED IT and so did we. The charge for parking is ridiculous- but if you park across the street at St. Mary's it was only $7.00. Everyone in the hotel is super friendly and really professional.	
May 4 2009 	One of the Better Hotels in SF	I love this hotel. I come to San Francisco several times a year for work. I either stay at the Hilton, Financial District or Omni. My preference is the Omni. The view at the Hilton is better, but the Omni is more QUIET, clean and friendly. The service is far better than the Hilton. The rooms at the Omni do not have a modern feel, but the beds are extremely comfortable, and the bathrooms are extremely clean. The lobby is very impressive.However, I do have two complaints. The parking at the hotel is $50. If you do not need a car, do not drive to this hotel. Besides, the cable cars are right outside the hotel, or you can walk to many sights. The other complaint is that there is no shopping around the hotel. Everytime I come to San Francisco, I have a long shopping list from friends and family. After working all day, I don't want to travel too far to buy gifts. My wife is a chocolate and wine freak, and I have to walk over to Kearny and Jackson Street to buy Napa wines from this California shop.	
May 4 2009 	Beautiful old hotel in the financial district	The Omni is an 'old world' style hotel in the heart of the financial district. The building is lovely and the staff is absolutely fantastic. I found my room to be fairly large and the bathroom was hugh. All of it was well-appointed though the decor could use a bit of an update as it looks a little old or stale. Overall, I would definitely stay here again though perhaps not on a weekend as the area is pretty quiet outside of business hours.	
May 4 2009 	Helpful staff - great location	We stayed seven nights at the hotel. The staff were courteous and helpful giving hints and tips on what to see and where to shop. Our room was spacious, clean and quiet. Location is excellant near the Ferry Building, Chinatown and the main shopping area with good transport links. Only downside was the first meal in the hotel restaurant - expensive and not particularly tasty but lots of excellant restaurants nearby - especially Perbacco and Kokkari Esatoria.	
Apr 27 2009 	Loved it!	I spent a week at the Omni in SF and loved every minute of it. Worst part was the wedding party that got a little rowdy in the elevators, but my room was peaceful the entire time. Location was convenient to the Financial District. Breakfast was placed in front of my door every morning so that I could eat it when I wished but was not woken up by room service if I needed more sleep. Fitness center was all mine every day. Parking was a problem as there is none. I had to use a public lot. Room was smallish but elegant. I understand this hotel charges a lot more $$$ than it used to. For under $250/night it is a steal. Over that, I might consider somewhere else.	
Apr 21 2009 	Excellent service	We stayed for 4 nights in April and had a fantasttic time. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. The doormen (particularly Barney) were very helpful - more like a concierge service. Bar and restaurant were a bit pricey but the food was very good and we really did not get the carrot thing! If we ever visit SF again we will be back.	
Apr 17 2009 	great hotel and location	Just got back from San Fran. with husband and two children. Omni staff was helpful and very nice. Our room although on the small size (but expected that w/ a hotel) was veryclean and the bathroom was spotless and large enough for our family. The locationsuited us just fine..no big hills to deal with when grabbing a quick bite for breakfast and easy enough with the baby in stroller. The complimentary starbucks coffee in the morning was a plus. We were close to everything and it was easy to get everywhere..we toured the whole city (mostly by foot..we live in NYC so are used to walking!) Again, the staff was extremely helpful especially when we rented a car and they helped us lug our car seat and stroller to the car. We were very very happy with our stay at the Omni!	
Apr 16 2009 	Best Hotel experience in years!	We stayed at this hotel beased on Trip Advisor rating and joined OMNI Express on advance of you stay-concierge John was fantastic; room was impeccable, comfortable and quiet; every one at the hotel is friendly- Daryl the bell captain also very helpful.Every recommendation a winner! We recommend joining Omni Express for the amazing amenities including morning cofee and orange juice as well as paper delivered to your room. San Francisco is a great tourist destination-Omni is in the heart of everything important and it 's hospitality makes San Francisco even better!	
Apr 9 2009 	Beautiful Elegant Hotel	Enjoyed the stay at this hotel only bad thing I can say is the parking fee $50 from memory. Staff wonderful , rooms clean. In a business part of town walking distance to Chinatown but not close to Fishermans Wharf.	
Mar 28 2009 	Home Away From Home (or better)	Everything about the Omni is elegant. The lobby, the elevators, the hallways are, to me, much like coming home to an elegant townhouse. The staff is excellent, the rooms are heaven. I don't often write reviews, but as I sit here in my room I just felt compelled to do so.	
Mar 21 2009 	Nice nice nice	I got in very, very, late due to a late flight.Even though it was late, staff was there to help me with my suitcase and with the door. Very, very good staff, and staff involved in the event were top shelf. Event catering was great, and the food was good!Great room with a great bed. Turndown service is standard, and staff leaves little notes on the stationary (using my name) wishing me a good day.In-room internet is free if you sign up for the loyalty program.If you're going to stay in San Francisco, stay here!	
Mar 20 2009 	Great location service and room in San Francisco	We stayed at htis hotel for the 2nd time and it was as outstanding as our first visit. The location is great, within walking distance of everything and right on the cable car line. We booked a king room adjoining a kids fantasy suite. The kids room was outfitted by Pottery Barn. It had a set of twin bunk beds with kids bedding, blankets, quilts, etc. Bean bags, a comfy chair, a small couch, books, stuffed animals, small table and chairs, mini fridge with kid amenities all reasonably priced, stools for bathroom counters and mini robes. The doormen, Barney &amp; Hugo, are very kind and helpful. The service at this hotel is very attentive. Rooms is sapcious and clean. If you stay in a room that does not face California street it is really quiet.Omni select member program provides dailey beverage and paper each morning, They also have a small breakfast selection that can be delivered with your beverage and it is less money and good quality for room service. Upon check in kids can receive fun bags. This is mostly a business hotel but has some amenities for families and is accomodating yet not over run with kids everywhere. You can walk three blocks to Chinatown, we walked all the way up and down Columbus to the Pier and visited parks along the way. Union square is about a seven block walk. I would recommend the California Academy of Sciences as a 1/2 day event. It is the new aquarium, rainforest, museum, planetarium and living rooftop exhibit.Great restaurants in the area: Hang An for chinese food on Clay, NorthBeach pizza delivers to the hotel, there is now a Cheesecake Factory in Union square, and many great Italian Places in North Beach to eat. Tried Tadich Grill, recommended as local spot near hotel....server was snooty, food was just average, prices very high. The steak was good but not worth the price.	
Mar 14 2009 	Perfection!	I just completed a 3 night stay at the Omni hotel for a business conference. I have to say with being on the road some 150+ nights a year, I was very impressed with this hotel. Check inn was very fast and friendly. The room was spotless with arguably one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. The bathroom was nice with a tall shower, good water pressure and just hot enough. The internet for now is a LAN cable however they are upgrading to wireless and should be done soon. Our conference was on the 3rd floor and the staff were great. In fact every employee I ran into said something to me Hi, Good morning, Good afternoon while using my last name. The bellman out front were always opening the door for you and helpful for any information you may need. I would like to point out that parking valet is expensive at $50.00 per day. You really do not need a car with this hotel's location. China town is steps away or if you prefer other places to eat several are around the hotel and very good. Checkout was smooth at 615AM with the bellman very friendly. Hot coffee was being served in the lobby. Overall I highly suggest this hotel. As I stated above, I am a road warrior and was very happy with my stay at the Omni San Francisco!	
Feb 23 2009 	Perfect Stay....Kid Friedly too	My fiancee and daughter decided to all go together for a quick 1 day trip up to SF for business. My daughter (who is 7) had never been on a business trip with her dad or San Francisco for that matter...so I decided to try and find a place that was kid friendly. After searching many hotels I decided to try out the Kids Suite at the Omni. It was also located across the street from my meeting so it made sense at the time. As suites go the rate was comparable....as to value....priceless!!! When we arrived, the front desk described to me the way the suite was laid out...essentially two rooms joining each other through a common door. When we came upstairs and my daughter opened her room...she walked in with amazement. Bunk beds, stuffed animals, overstuffed couch, books, kid mini bar, bean bags, and the list goes on. She was immediately at home...and smiling...which made us smile.The next day when we decided to check out, we mentioned to the front desk how wonderful our stay was....and told them about Rufus...the stuffed dog my daughter fell in love with....a good touch to keep kids happy. We left to tour China town...about 3 hours later we returned and Justin (who was working the front desk at the time) noticed we came back for our bags...and when my fiancee came through the lobby about 10 minutes later before we got into the hotel limo...Justin handed her a key to the room and told her to go back upstairs and get &quot;Rufus&quot; the dog.....his reasoning was quite simple.&quot;WE WANT OUR GUESTS TO BE PERFECTLY HAPPY&quot;What a great way to end the trip. My daughter loves that dog....it made her experience in SF unforgetable...and we came home with a nice souvenir.We have decided the OMNI is our new home base in SF....Thanks again Justin.	
Feb 18 2009 	Valentine's Day San Francisco Treat	My boyfriend and I had a wonderful Valentine's Day at the Omni San Francisco! We stayed in a gorgeous and spacious deluxe King room with City views. The room was beautifully appointed, and the bed was plush and comfortable! I loved the personalized welcome note from Marina the housekeeper. The door and bell staff, especially Sam, were all attentive and helpful. Taufique and Justin at the front desk were funny, friendly, and professional. They both made sure that a special request I had made to surprise my boyfriend was handled perfectly! The location of the hotel is perfect, walking distance to North Beach and Chinatown. And the recommendation for brunch at Cafe de La Presse was wonderful! Thank you for a memorable Valentine's Day weekend!	
Feb 10 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!!	Stayed at the Omni San Francisco in July / August 2008 after being in Berkeley for a few days. Since my girlfriend was on a conference in Berkeley, I travelled into San Francisco on BART one day and found my bearings and the Omni.We were planning on arriving before the advertised check-in time, so I thought I would inform the hotel and see if there was anything they could do for us?I was promptly informed that it would not be a problem and a note would be put on our booking giving us priority.When we actually made it to San Francisco we were greeted by a very friendly and courteous porter who took our bags and directed us to the check in desk. Check in was swift and as requested, our room was ready early.As the porter took us up in the lift he gave us some local information, this was much appreciated. Upon showing us the room, we were very impressed by the size and comfort. The room (standard) was quiet, serviced regularly (with evening turn-down) and very comfortable.Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful with everything from local information to cinema listings and restaurant reservations (The Cheesecake Factory).Never ate breakfast or any meals at the hotel restaurant as we wanted to explore and try local cafes and restaurants.Location was not a problem (in the financial district - a bit away from main shopping area), as we quite enjoyed navigating the hills / tram cars / grid system and exploring the city as we went!Would definitely recommend as a top hotel in San Francisco - can't wait for next time!	
Feb 9 2009 	Excellent as Usual	This was the 3rd time we have stayed att his hotel and the service has been superb each time. My daughter, who is 8, loved the kid friendly attitude of the staff. The location cannot be beat because it is close enough to Union Square, Chinatown, and North Beach without being too far from Ferry Building and Market Street Malls. Also, it is very reasonably priced if you compare to other similar properties.	
Feb 1 2009 	Omni San Francisco Hotel	Wife and I made our annual trip (actually, last visit was Dec.2007) to San Francisco, and our favorite hotel - The Omni. This is the fourth time in 4 years we've stayed here, and wouldn't stay anywhere else when visiting San Francisco. Stayed in a Signature room on the 16th floor, worth the extra cost. Staff is professional and willing to help in any way possible...from housekeeping to management. Financial district is a great, out of the way area to stay. Hotel bar looks out on the corner of California and Montgomery streets, and is a great place to enjoy a gargle or two with the wife, and people watch. Hotel's restaurant, Bob's, is a bit pricey, but the steaks are exceptional. Sublime luxury, but keep in mind that this is a luxury business-class hotel. so no swimming pool, or party people.....just the way I like it. Our stay is always a treat.	
Jan 29 2009 	A very welcoming place	We had a wonderful 3 nights at the Omni. Perhaps what stands out most is the fact that the staff were always friendly and very professional. Kids are well looked after at this hotel - ours received Omni backpacks on arrival. They loved, among other things in the pack, the tweezers which make jelly beans glow. There is a kids menu available to order from on room service. A note about the french fries for kids: ask for un-seasoned fries if your kids don't like them flavoured with herbs. But the hotel itself was just right in every way - understatedly elegant, with clean, comfortable, spacious rooms and bathrooms. Street noise was not much of a problem, though police car sirens kept me awake one night. The Omni is in the financial district and there is not much buzz around the hotel. However, it is not a long walk to either the Union Square or Chinatown/North Beach areas. As to be expected in San Francisco, it is an uphill walk from Union Square to the Omni and an even steeper climb from the Omni to Chinatown. Trams stop just outside the hotel - these trams are good for those with a day pass (or longer), but individual trips can be expensive at about $5 per person per trip. Cabs are definitely the quickest and possibly cheapest way of getting around.	
Jan 27 2009 	Perect place to stay on your honeymoon	We stayed in the Omni in late Ocotber'08 as part of our honeymoon and we can't speak highly enough of it. We arrived weary from our long trek from Ireland but once we got to the hotel the staff were lovely to us and they had upgraded us as we were honeymooners. We ordered room service shortly after checking in which arrived quickly and overall we found the staff could not have done enough for us. On our second night the hotel sent up a bottle of champagne, chocolate covered strawberries and a lovely congratulaory card on our wedding. This was such a lovely gesture and another morning we were rushing for our alcatraz cruise so they organised a free lift for us to the pier. We loved every minute of our stay. Our room was fantastic so clean and comfortable, the staff were so lovely, the food so good that the Omni was the best possible place to start our honeymoon.	
Jan 15 2009 	Best New Year Getaway!!	We stayed in the California Suite New Year's Eve and it was WonderFUL!! They were very kind and courteous. The staff was very attentive and helped made suggestions for dinner. Overall, it was the best new year ever!!! Thank you	
Jan 10 2009 	Typical Four-Star Hotel!!	My husband and I frequently travel to San Francisco and usually stay in different hotels of the same chain but in different parts of the city. This time we wanted to try another chain and based on so many rave reviews the Omni received booked there. Usually I agree with Trip Advisor's contributors for the most part but not this time. This is what you should expect and what you pay for in a four-star hotel. If you like &quot;old elegance&quot; this is the place for you. The location is great and the area around the hotel is very clean.We booked a sigature room based on the reservations agent description of it. It was not worth the extra money. It was on the sixteenth floor and overlooked Montgomery St but was so high you couldn't see the street, just old rooftops. There was no advantage in being so high up but the major disadvantage was the long waits for elevators.We found the staff to be very nice. Housekeeping was OK- skipped our room once so we didn't have our room done until after we left for the evening. Some days we recceived the number of towels we should have and other days we didn't. We received the fresh fruit and bottled water two of the four days. There were not many hotel guests while we were there. When I booked our room I inquired about the &quot;in-room&quot; safe size and was told my 15.4&quot; laptop would fit in it. This was not the case and everytime we went out we had to take it to the front desk to be locked in security and then wait again to retrieve it upon return - a major inconvenience. When we first discovered this upon checking in we spoke to the on-duty manager who said they were in the process of renovating the rooms and the renovated rooms will receive larger safes. He did not offer to move us to a renovated room nor compensate us with a complementary breakfast or the like for our inconvenience.The on-site restaurant is so over-priced it is comical. We had breakfast there twice and each time there was a major problem. We finally switched to room service - something we never do..After we got home I checked our credit card bill and found some odd charge. I called the hotel and it was a mini bar charge, which we didn't use. Although it was immediately removed it was it was just another hassle.All in all we had a great trip but the hotel was a disappointment.	
Jan 8 2009 	Great Place to Stay in Heart of San Francisco	We stayed here for a weekend in San Francisco. When we were there (fall 2008), quite a bit of rennovation was still going on in the lobby area so things like the restaurant and lounge were not totally available. However, despite that we really enjoyed our stay here. It seemed to be more of a place for business people. During the weekend we barely saw another person, but once Sunday night rolled around, it was crowded. We had a renovated room, which was stylish and comfortable. We had no complaints at all. Our view from the window was not good, but this didn't bother us. We were there during an unusually warm time and I felt the air conditioner could have worked better. It wasn't bad or unacceptable, but it was really the only non-stellar part of the stay. Since it was in the upper 80s, I doubt this would very often be any kind of issue. One great thing about the room besides the typical hotel amenities was that it had plenty of outlets so we could easily charge all our various electronics. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It is totally convenient to the trolley cars and also some bus lines. We didn't have a car at all except our last day and had no issues getting around. This hotel does have somewhat high fees. The wifi was somewhat expensive (maybe $12) and the parking was very expensive ($20+ a day) so I would keep that in mind, but we would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone desiring a comfortable and stylish base for their San Francisco trip.	
Jan 5 2009 	Amazing kid friendly hotel in SFO	I wanted to share our amazing experience of staying for 4 nights at the Omni in downtown SFO. We stayed at the Pottery Barn Suite and the kids absolutely loved it. A big King suite for the adults and a connecting kids suite all with bunk beds, plush toys, duckies in the bathroom, kids furniture, cookies, milk, cereal.... I can go on and on.Amazing service from the staff with great attention to detail - this was easily the best hotel we have stayed at in the USA. Truly a home away from home :-).	
Dec 31 2008 	Great place to stay!	We booked the Emerald Bowl package which was fantastic! This included two tickets to the CAL football game and a very nice room. The staff was warm and friendly. We especially want to recognize Carmen who went above her job to make sure we had our questions about the game answered. The hotel bar was very nice, great bartender and waitress, but they do need a happy hour! If one existed, we weren't aware of it. The hotel is near many bars, restaurants, and shopping. We had a great time and will be back!	
Dec 30 2008 	Omni - Great SF Hotel	Conveniently located within easy walking distance from North Beach, Chinatown, the Embacadero, museums, and great shopping, the Omni is a four star hotel with five star service. The lobby is all marble and highly polished gleam, and the friendly, accommodating staff insure a wonderful, pampered stay. From the doormen to the housekeepers, these hospitality pros understand the meaning of the concept of service. When I asked where I could buy a Chronicle newspaper nearby, one was delivered to my room. The concierge handled all the paperwork for my rental car arrangements, including delivery to the hotel at no extra cost. After a message was briefly delayed, I went to the desk to ask for an explanation of what I had done wrong with the phone in the room, and the desk staff immediately apologized for &quot;our mistake&quot;. There's no question that I was the one who made the mistake, but how refreshing to find employees who see their job as making me feel at ease. Service staff count on tips for a significant part of their income, but I never got the feeling that anyone had their hand out for money. Their hands were always reaching to assist me with a bag, or a door, or a taxi. The food is a cut above most hotel fare as well. I can't imagine staying anywhere else in San Francisco.	
Dec 30 2008 	Best Vacation in Years	From the moment my cab pulled up and I was warmly greeted, I had the idea that this was going to be a very special vacation. Check-in was easy, no fuss, friendly, and efficient. Our room was spacious, welcoming, efficient, and warm, all at the same time. Because we were tired, we ordered dinner in the room. This and breakfast every day in our room were tasty, well-presented, and took very little time to arrive. The robes were warm, towels plentiful, and the shower comfortable for our romantic weekend. The bed was large, yet cozy, the comforter snuggly, and the mattress great for sore backs. Throughout the stay, the staff treated us warmly, and in a dignified manner. There were always little treats available in the lobby, including fruit, cookies, cider, and coffee. We plan to return whenever possible, and make it a Christmas tradition. The location is perfect for shopping and touring.	
Dec 23 2008 	Loved the Omni...well it was pretty good anyway	I booked through a conference website for $160/night including tax. The location is good, near to Union Square, China Town and the Coit Tower and on a tram line. I was initially not impressed since everything seemed expensive (e.g. $6 bottle of water in the room - I used the tap). Also I didn't bother with breakfast at $20 for continental and $26 for cooked (perfectly good Chinese deli next door).You just need to join &quot;Select Guests&quot; and not only do you get free internet access (not Wi-fi yet though) but you are also treated to a free 2 morning drinks (e.g. posh tea and grapefruit juice) and a &quot;turndown&quot; service (which I'd never heard of): you come home to find relaxing music on and ice in the wine cooler and a chocolate mint!Any problems I had were dealt with well (free internet help line) and overall a positive experience. I don't usually like these rather souless posh city hotels, but this was pretty good after early reservations.	
Dec 18 2008 	Nice hotel in a good location!	This is nice hotel in a good location. Reasonably priced within financial district and short walk to Chinatown. Short distance to public transportation and cab rides are a short distance to tourist attraction. Rooms are clean and staff is friendly.	
Dec 12 2008 	Lovely staff	We are a little late with this review, we stayed during September 2008 We travel quite a lot for leisure and always try to find good value, we don’t expect quality to be compromised by the price, and this hotel did not fail in any way. We would have no hesitation is returning to this hotel and would recommend it to anyone.We felt this hotel was quite special; we booked directly with the hotel and got a special rate.The hotel in a good location in the financial area, the cable cars pass the front door but it is only a short walk to most things.From the moment we pulled up at the front door we were made to feel welcome.The person on the door was friendly and helpful, looked after our luggage and introduced us to reception staff. In general we found all the door staff to be really nice. (Every time we entered or left the hotel there was a warm welcome,) Some hotels can be impersonal and cold, the Omni, however, was friendly and welcoming and although this was a reasonably large hotel we almost made to feel part of the family. Reception staff were lovely, as were all the staff throughout the hotel.The lady that serviced our room was cheerful, friendly, and professional in every way,The rooms were of a good size and were clean and tidy and well maintained, the bed was very comfortable, we had fantastic nights sleep, the rooms air conditioning was good and there were plenty of fluffy towels. The water in the bathroom was piping hot and the shower had plenty of pressure.All in all there are no complaints about this hotel but for us the staff made it an extra special place. We really want to thank for staff for their great work that made us feel so at home.	
Dec 8 2008 	Fantastic Hotel in SF	Very friendly and knowledgeable staff (from the operator for directions to the bell staff for restaurant recommendations). Room was spacious and beds were incredibly comfortable. Flat screen TVs were a nice luxury. Valet parking was incredibly quick. Lobby entrance was filled with dramatic Christmas decorations by the end of our stay. Will definitely be back.	
Dec 7 2008 	Best hotel ever!	We stayed here for 3 nights in an upgraded room, and it was heavenly! The bed.. oh my god.. I would love to have one at home, everything was perfect. The friendliness at the reception, the bell boy, door man, the bar... I cannot compliment them enough. We got some excellent dining tips from the lady at the hotel bar, and had one of the best meals I ever had in my life!I forgot my lap top in a taxi, and everyone helped me to get it back. The door man even lent us his mobile phone and sent ut to the bar while we waited for the taxi company to call us back. And, I got the lap top back, how lucky wasn't I???Thank you so much for the best nights I ever had in a hotel, and I travel alot.	
Dec 2 2008 	The Omni is beautiful with great accomidations.	I would say the front desk staff was very helpful getting us there over the phone. Check-in and check-out was very smooth. Overall they were very helpful and accomidating. Valet was great and they were very prompt both taking and bringing our car.We stayed in a really nicely furnished Suite. The internet was fast and had no problems the entire stay. Two flat screen tvs and a very nice compact stereo. The Room was spotless and the house keeping staff did a great job keeping the room up and helping us with special requests.I will definitly stay at this property again. My compliments to the Management and staff.	
Dec 2 2008 	Above 	My partner and I stayed at the Omni San Francisco for 8 nights. I knew about this hotel from when I lived in San Francisco and worked in the Financial District. We booked an entire vacation on Hotwire and paid a little more to stay at the Omni only because I'd always wanted to stay there. Little did I know what an experience we were in for.We checked in on Saturday night. Crystal at the front desk immediately upgraded us to a concierge floor room. She was genuinely friendly, professional and outgoing. Check-in was quick and easy.The room was elegantly furnished. The only drawback was that it seemed small. We were there for eight nights and we found that it lacked storage for all of our clothes. I think for a shorter stay, the room would've been absolutely perfect. From the bellman to the front desk attendants to the valets to the doormen to the room service people, the service was nothing less than spectacular. Everyone remembered our names, what room we were in, had our car waiting for us in a timely manner. We had breakfast at Bob's Steak House one morning. The french toast is to die for and the portions are big. Though the food seemed expensive, the portion size made up for the price. The room was appointed with a plasma TV, king size bed with down comforter. We had turn down service nightly with water and fresh fruit waiting for us when we returned from the day out. We had drinks of our choice and newpapers waiting at our door every morning. The hotel was originally a bank that was gutted and rebuilt in early 2000's. It was beautiful on the inside and out. It didn't seem overcrowded at all. As a matter of fact, it seemed nearly empty most of the time we were there. It is located on California Street @ Montgomery, on the California Street Cable Car Line and in the heart of the Financial District. I liked this location because it was out of the way of all of the tourist traps and it was nice to come home at night to a quiet, much more relaxed environment. Though we are planning to move back to San Francisco in the coming year, I do believe that I will stay at the Omni again before we move and I will definitely, definitely suggest it to anyone coming for a visit.	
Nov 19 2008	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the Omni for 4 days and we had an excellent experience. Room was fantastic as well as service. Great location, I would definetely recommend it!	
Nov 14 2008	I LOVE THE OMNI	We stayed at the Omni over Labor Day weekend for 3 nights...I had stayed at this hotel before the year before in December, and fell in love with it... From the fresh fruit and refreshing lemonade in the lobby to the nightly chocolate on my pillow. Its all about the details for me and customer service.The Omni delivers. I love the fresh flowers in the lobby,the warm greeting from all staff members, the housekeeper's friendly notes, the rooms...I can go on and on...But I really love where The Omni SF is located. The financial district is bustling during the week, but on the weekends its quiet. The hotel is walking distance from the Ferry Building,Chinatown, and Nob Hill. You could even walk to Union Square. When we went in September, we spent a day in Napa Valley.The concierge helped us book a rental car for delivery at the hotel the next morning.However, when we went to the lobby the car wasnt there.Because it was Labor Day weekend, the rental car company was slammed.We understood and went to go pick up the car.To make a long story short, we ended up waiting 2hours in line, and it ruined the whole day for us.Although it wasnt The Omni's fault, when we returned that night, I informed the concierge and he took care of the valet.Upon returning home, I received the Omni Hotel survey,and let them know about the mishap.I promptly received a response from the hotel's general manager Carmen Serra and she apologized for the inconvenience the rental car company caused us,and refunded the rental car fee back to our credit cars.She also helped me book another stay at the Omni in San Diego for next weekend.I was very satisfied with how she handled the situation...just another reason why I love the Omni! No one is perfect, everyone makes mistakes, but I appreciated their efforts to resolve the issue.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great Hotel	After a very poor experience at another SanFran Hotel it was a pleasure to check into the Omni.Great hotel and great staff. Service was impeccable throughout and that is the hotels strength. Genuinely warm and helpful staff make a big difference.It could do with decorating I think as its a bit dated now. Its not worn or anything, just could do with bringing up to date. Excellent location, excellent rooms. Bobs Chop House downstairs is great and Town car to airport a blessing.	
Nov 9 2008 	Good experience	We stayed at The Omni in San Francisco for 3 nights while we went on a wine tour in Sedona. The service was good, the rooms were fine, and it was an overall good experience. I have stayed in nicer hotels, but this was in a good location to sight seeing and shopping. The rooms were quiet and the beds were confortable enough. We did, however eat at the restaurnant downstairs for dinner and breakfast and had some issues. The food was good, but the service was not. Waiters were slightly rude and one night at dinner we had to go find the hostess to be seated. We stood there for over 15 minutes. Across the street there is a stop for the trolley and the bellman was good about helping us hail taxis. One night they even had the hotel car take us to the pier for our alcatraz tour. Overall we had a good experience at this hotel and would recommend it to others.	
Nov 4 2008 	Loved the Omni - so friendly!	Had a great stay at the Omni. Everyone was so friendly and remembered our names:o) Check in was a breeze.Lovely, spotless hotel room. 2 nice beds and nice size bathroom. Greeted with a bottle of champagne and strawberries dipped in chocolate as it was a birthday celebration - great touch!Housekeeping were never seen but left the room clean and tidy every day and left chocolates by the bed in the evening with the TV on a chill channel.Lex and the staff were always on hand for information, directions / hints and tips.Debora was also a star performer.Darryl the doorman was great - always took an interest in what we were doing and where we had been. Made suggestions of places to go to and places to avoid. Always very friendly and made us feel special. It made the hotel a welcome sight after being out all day.The hotel was in a great location - close to everything, walk to Union Square, Ferry Building, we walked to Pier 39 and Ghiradelli Square, cable cars run past the front door etc. I wasn't too keen on the Pier 39 location - good to visit and see the sealions and found there were a lot of homeless people around Union Square area so this suited us just fine.Can't comment on the food in the hotel as we never ate there. Noah's do a great bagel in the morning - just along from the cable car turnaround.If I return to San Francisco - I'd stay here again like a flash!	
Nov 2 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed 3 nights on last leg of our honeymoon from Hawaii. Hotel was clean, comforatable, central location &amp; 24 hr room service. All staff are very friendly...from the front desk to housekeeping leaving personal thank you notes from the tip we left in the room for her. Lex, the concierge is very knowledgable and helpful. They even gave us a late check out to 5pm no charge because we had a late flight. Its not a huge hotel with all the ammenities such as pool/spa, but its everything we needed. Bob's steak house which is attached to the hotel was very good...expensive, but good. We dined at both the restaurant as well as the bar. I signed up on Omni's website to be a member...well worth it...we received free coffee, juice, and newspaper every morning. Cable car is out front of the hotel and easy to get anywhere from this location. We would definetly stay here again.	
Oct 31 2008 	Omni Great Hotel!	Stayed at the Omni from October 24th to October 29th. We arrived very late on the 24th and were thrilled at the quick and easy way the whole check-in process was handled. Everyone we came in contact with were very happy and willing to help you in any way they could. Need to make a reservation for dinner, day trip, tour? All you had to do was ask the people at the front desk and they were very happy to provide all the information you might want and and make the arrangements for you. Had a partial bay view room, very nice size, perfect size bathroom didn't have any complaints about that at all. The hotel is in walking distance to the ferries that will take you over to Sausalito. Union Square, and Chinatown are within walking distance too. If you needed to catch a cab all you had to do was ask one of the doormen and you had one in a flash. There are always town cars out front too if you prefer a little more plush ride somewhere, not much more expensive than a cab and a lot nicer. I have to say I don't know what anyone would have to complain about when staying at this hotel. Would certainly stay here again!	
Oct 15 2008 	Perfect	Very nice hotel with all the amenities. Staff is excellent.	
Oct 15 2008	Great Place to stay	Stayed here in Sept for 2 nights location, rooms and the staff where all excellant.	
Oct 15 2008	Love this place!	This place has quickly become my hotel of choice in San Francisco. It's a wonderful location, and the staff is exceptional, top to bottom. From the start of your stay and your dealings with the front desk, through check-out and having the door man hail a cab, all in all you're treated with great care and attention to detail. Highly recommended!	
Oct 13 2008 	A touch of class in everything	Top class hotel with excellent location. Elegance and personal touch make this hotel the best choice in San Francisco	
Oct 13 2008 	OMG!!!! It was just perfect	Service, service, service!!! It was phenomenal. Everyone was so friendly and helpful. It was so very nice to be treated to such wonderful service. Another wonderful recommendation from previous Trip Advisor guests and one that I will highly recommend to others. We were celebrating our 20th wedding anniversary and when we got to the hotel, our room had been upgraded and I was handed a long stem red rose. Later on that night we received complimentary champagne and chocolate covered strawberries that were left in our room.The concierge new perfect spots for us to try in our afternoon travel on foot. We were close enough to walk down to the warf and enjoy the open air market Tons to see and do we enjoyed every minute!	
Oct 5 2008 	Pleasant Stay	The Omni was where we stayed for the first few nights of our honeymoon and it was lovely- but it wasn't take your breath away stuff.The lobby is beautiful, with free starbucks coffee in the morning and the concierge is very helpful.The rooms- i think we had a deluxe- are nice but a bit dated in style and small. The bathrobes they give you are amazing however.They gave us chocolate dipped strawberries and champagne to greet us which was nice.The location is good aswell, particularly if you like chinese food and want to be near china town.I couldn't really fault the Omni- but as you can probably tell from the tone of my review- i'm not overly excited about it either!	
Oct 4 2008 	My New Favorite Hotel in SF	We stayed here for two nights (9/27 &amp; 9/28) and had a most wonderful hotel experience. The rooms are on the small-ish side but the service and housekeeping were stellar! The front desk and concierge also went out of their way to make our stay a pleasant one. We arrived at noon, earlier than the 3pm check-in time, and the front desk found us an available room so we could check in right away. All our housekeeping concerns (requests for extra towels, pillows etc.)were addressed almost immediately. Would love to stay here again!More photos at my blog: virgbee.blogspot.com	
Oct 4 2008 	Absolutely Fine - but not didn't set the world on fire	Lovely hotel that is period USA - well situated in downtown San Fran, all staff without exception were excellent and very helpful. Gym facilities good and clean.The hotel has 1 bar which is more like a small TV longe and a steak resturant that is like a traditional old style steak house. Meat was of an excellent quality and cut but the Chef did a weird thing with a 8 inch whole carrot that was stuck in the middle of the plate........???? Really not sure what was going on there !This place is absolutely fine and ideal for down town shopping location, im quite suprised it makes the top 6 in the trailfinders list but hey ho !	
Oct 4 2008 	More like Oh my	Booked Omni on Trip Advisor recommendation during busy/expensive period in San Fran. Yes, clean, quiet,comfortable,convenient for Union Square. But bland. Creepy handwritten messages from Faye in housekeeping everyday, assumed angling for tip but maybe management think this is being welcoming? Concierge helpful but a bit like a robot on speed (no doubt having to say the same things day in and out)Strange check in lady did not listen that we wanted to split the bill ; intolerable male check out desk guy lectured us when we complained that Omni had deducted whole amount from my card BEFORE we had checked out. Told us that in 30yrs of the hospitality industry he had never heard of guests paying when checking out. Funny that, the 4 Seasons in Vegas we stayed at afterwards, had no problem! (nor the many hotels we stay in internationally)We stayed in the Orchard a few days later; definitely prefer for service.	
Oct 3 2008 	Omni is very nice....	We spent 10 nights at the Omni in September and had a fantastic time. The hotel is convenietly located in the Financial district within walking distance of Union Square, Fishermans Warf etc. Our room on the 5th floor did not have a great view but was very quiet and well worth sacrificing the view for. The rooms are in excellent condition, and the maid service is first class. The staff are very helpul and courteous at all times, ensuring our stay went without a hitch. The only small complaint we have is that the one and only bar in the hotel (Bobs bar) is very small and gets very crowded from approx 5pm onwards, and getting a seat was almost impossible around those times. However it is no reason not to stay here. When we first arrived after our lengthy journey from Scotland, we were informed that our room (booked and paid for 8 months previousley) had been cancelled by Octopus travel who we had booked the room through. The hotel staff could not have been more helpful in rectifying the situation.San Francisco is well worth a visit and has plenty to offer for all. We would recommend visiting Alcatraz and taking the coach tour of the city, however book your Alcatraz tickets online as far in advance as possible to ensure you get the dates you require. We also hired bikes from Blazing Saddles and rode over the Golden Gate bridge to Tiburon via Sausilto. This is a fantastic way to see the bridge and surrounding area (weather allowing). Sausilto is a must see when you are there and can be accessed by Ferry if you prefer not to bike it, dining is recommeded at Angelino's while you are there. We also took a wine tour to Napa valley etc and would recommend this trip, with plenty of samples included in the day ensuring the hoilday spirit was flowing. Union square is packed with all the usual big name shops, but visit the hippy district at upper Haight street for some of the funkiest shops available. We visited the zoo but found it to be dated and shabby with many of the animals not available to view. Of course you must take a ride on a tram while you are there, we would advise getting a day pass for 11 bucks, which allows you to hop on and off all day at your leisure. Finally Lombard St aka the most crookidest street in the world is worth a look with camera in hand.We had 2 days of cloud followed by 8 days of glorious sunshine while we we there.Book it up, you will enjoy!!!!	
Oct 2 2008 	Excellent hotel Great location Good Value!	Based on reviews about this hotel, we decided to stay here the weekend of October 3rd to attend a wedding in the city. We were just as pleased with the hotel as the recent reviews and high ranking indicate.The Front Desk and Concierge were very pleasant and always willing to assist with questions. We had a great room with a very nice city view. Housekeeping was very detailed and the room was impeccably clean. I thought a very nice touch/detail was a personalized handwritten note from our housekeeper welcoming us. You dont see that too often.We did room service on Friday night and ordered off of the Bob's Steakhouse menu, which is the hotel's restaurant in the lobby. The food was awesome! The filet was so tender and by far the best baked potatoe and candied carrot I have ever had! The delivery was right on time, the food was hot and the server was very friendly. I travel alot for business and I find Room Service to be very poor even in the best hotels. Not here. They did a great job!They gym at this hotel is very nice with great cardio and weight machines. Little details like complimentary bottled water and a huge basket of fresh fruit are not forgotten.The location was very convenient and the price we paid was a bargain for the value and in comparison to most of the other hotels in the area since we shopped around before making our reservation. I highly recommned this hotel!	
Oct 1 2008 	Omni Very Nice Hotel	We stayed at the Omni for 3 nights at the end of our Alaskan cruise. First impressions were great door men and bell boys and reception very helpful check in was quick and easy, and although we arrived early our room was ready.The lobby is very grand with a classy feel, we ate in the restaurant once for breakfast which was nicely presented although where service is concerned they seemed to focus more time on the business people than the people on vacation we didn't get as much attention as the business people.Our room was nice although we had a few problems phone would not stop beeping and was very loud and annoying,safe was broken and so was the plug in the sink. We reported these faults to the front desk straight away and these faults were dealt with immediatey. When I expressed my disspointment with the faults in our room Richard on the front desk was very apologetic but was unable to move us as the hotel was full due to the Oracle convention being in town but that he would report our concerns to his manager. That evening when we got back to our room there was a letter of apology and a free breakfast voucher which was a nice touch. Our room was spacious with a large flat screen t.v and large comfortable bed the bathroom was again very spacious and very clean.Its the small touches in this hotel that make your stay memorable the turn down service is exellent along with the usual chocolates ou also get a small card informing you what the weather will be like the following day. The location of the Omni is o.k in the financial district so not much around in the 1st few blocks but Union square in only a 15/20 min walk away but a taxi is necessary to Fishrmans Wharf which will cost just under $10.Despite the faults in our room on arrival the Omni is a very classy hotel and would definitely return to this hotel.	
Oct 1 2008	Brilliant Hotel	Just back - hotel was marvellous. Every member of staff went out of their way to help you. Great location too.	
Sep 25 2008 	Omni San Fran - Great Hotel	We stayed at the Omni for 4 nights at the tail-end of our honeymoon - it was perfectly suitable. I great base for tourists. Convenient for the cable car, bus, China Town, North Beach etc. Felt safe walking around at night. The room was delightful - clean and tastefully decorated, falt screen TV, light and airy feel. Nice big bathroom. Robs Steak House was quite nice, although a bit pricey. They did give us free dessert when we mentioned we were on honeymoon, which was a nice touch.Receptionists were generally very helpful, as were the doormen.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great hotel for a vacation	Good location - is on a cable car run, is near the business district which I felt it is a safe area and is also walkable to say Union Square for breakfast. The service is great - Joey Nubla made reservations at restaurants and was always pleasant and helpful. Cabs were hailed on my behalf etc. by the doormen. The rooms are large, and clean - beds are turned down each evening with a chocolate left, and TV set to a &quot;chill out&quot; channel. Bathrooms are good and clean, with a great shower and plenty of clean towels. Only thing missing are complimentary slippers - a small point! I was out before breakfast started on tourist trips but coffee is available in take out cups at reception which is just perfect.Would definitely recommend to business and holiday travellers alike, and if I were to return would definitely stay here!	
Sep 16 2008 	Another Awesome Stay	It is no wonder that this hotel won the Best Hotel for Service and the Best Luxury Hotel in 2008! I stayed here a few times before and travel to SFO frequently. This hotel is CONSISTENTLY GREAT in both service, cleanliness and dining/room service. The Front Desk and Concierge are very knowledgeable and friendly. You cannot stand in the lobby without them greeting you and sincerely wanting to assist. They recommended some wonderful restaurants. BTW, the hotels restaurant, Bob's Steakhouse, is awesome in intself. One of the best steaks I ever had. My wife had the salmon which was equally as good.I was there on business during the week and extended my stay for the weekend so my wife could meet me. I upgraded to a lovely two room King bedded corner suite. The room was clean, the housekeeping staff is very efficient and eager to please by leaving extra coffee and cream after I asked her for it on my first morning. A great marble bath with wonderful amenities too.The location of the hotel is central to all and the cable car runs right in front of the hotel. A very nice size gym too that I used each day.I will continue to stay at the Omni for both business and pleasure. You cannot beat the hotel and it is an awesome value given the service, location and rooms.	
Sep 15 2008	Great Service and accomadtions	At the time of our arrival we were greeted by a very friendly doorman. After a very pleasent check in we were taken to our room by the bellman. He infromed us of all the services avavilable at the hotel.We had a wonderful dinner at the hotel's restaurant followed by after dinner drinks in the lounge.Next time we come to San Francisco we will stay at the Omni again.	
Sep 15 2008	Billing issue	We had a pretty good stay. They staff was nice and efficient. The location was good for us. It seem a bit expensive. When I got come I found they charged us twice for a room (on a different credit card that we used to authorize the room). I called and they fixed the probblem but it was an upsetting inconvenience and lowered my perception of the chain. It was my first time at an Omni. If they'd offered to comp us a night or something I probably would have given them five stars.The bigger concern is that they could not find the record of making the incorrect charge. I had to have my bank confirm it for them. This makes me worry overall about thier IT infrastructure abiity to charge guest accurately.	
Sep 14 2008 	Efficient but not great value	We stayed at this hotel at the end of a trip travelling around California. When we started our trip we stayed at the excellent Donatello, but unfortunately they had no rooms available when we returned to the city. The Omni was expensive and although it did everything it is meant to do it did it without any soul. We booked through Priceline a room with two double beds. On arrival Reception said that as this was booked through a third party it could not be guaranteed and so we had to have a bed made up for our daughter. I have no criticisms of the room, apart perhaps that everything being a bit too frilly - not really our style. I was irritated to have to pay $10 for access to the hotel wifi - why do the cheaper hotels and motels provide this free and the more expensive hotels charge for this?The breakfast was over formal and as their is no buffet we ordered dishes that were OK, but extremely over priced. The staff were efficient and the doorman friendly, but I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 11 2008 	Wedding Wonderland	We were very pickey about where we would stay for our wedding celebration. The Omni exceed all expectations. The front desk was fabulous--all concierge staff which is very smart. But, one person was extra special--Lex. He even met us at city hall as we were going in to be married to give us a very touching, hand-written note honoring our momentous occasion. Yes, he was off the clock, on his own time. While the entire facility was wonderful, including the upgrade to a suite, excellent room service, picnic lunch for the limo, contact for flower bouquet, etc.,--it is the PEOPLE that make this hotel truly special. We are already making plans to return for our first anniversary!	
Sep 10 2008 	Great hotel great location great staff!	Beautiful lobby - I was a little concerned when we arrived because I had booked a discounted rate through an online booking site and thought we might get an inferior room - but to my delight, we got a great room. The concierge was awsome, with details about restaurants (reasonably priced too!) and a great place for a drink with a view across the street. We were there on a Saturday when the hotel arranges a free 2 hr.morning walk with local historians. (different people each week) The hotel is located on the California cable car route (the front desk can sell you 1,3 or 5 day passes which cover all public transit and are a great value). Don't miss the cable car museum - free and really interesting - for kids from 1 to 100! Don't go for breakfast at the hotel - unless you want to pay $25 for bacon and eggs and don't drink the bottled water in the room - it had a price tag of $6.99 on it! Go to the fitness room where you can pick up a small bottle for free that fits nicely into your handbag! Also they have fresh fruit in the lobby - and if not there, then in the fitness room again! We would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Sep 8 2008 	just wonderful -- cannot recommend highly enough	Our experience at this hotel has been great.We arrived around 11 am on a Saturday and were able to check in early. The room was large and clean. (We had two double beds, a table, a large dresser with a flat screen TV inside), a comfortable bathroom with really high ceilings. In the evening, the room was turned down with chocolates placed next to the bed, together with a personal note from housekeeping. We are Select Guest members, so we got free breakfast drinks and newspaper delivered to the room. Everyone we encountered has been nothing but pleasant, helpful, and accommodating. The hotel has fresh fruit and very tasty lemonade in the lobby in the afternoon. One of the nights, when my fiance and I were coming in, the concierge presented me with a beautiful red rose (my fiance did not order one, this is just a completely random, nice gesture -- many thanks to Omni for that!). The lobby is good size and beautifully furnished. The location is convenient. We had a great time and are sad to be leaving tomorrow morning.	
Sep 6 2008 	Formal corporate america	Don't get us wrong for an okay hotel experience (desk staff and porters really good) but it was an impersonal space with no coffee making facilities in the room and a charge of $1.98 if you drank the bottle of mineral water (one third of a liter) that was available, you were also charged if you had the temerity to use the starch that was perched above the ironing board....for a large hotel chain pretty shoddy practice....If you don't mind being in with corporate USA (terrible fashion sense!) this is the place for you. If on the other hand you want a funky experience look elsewhere.....very disappointed.For the price it does not represent good value for money.	
Sep 5 2008 	Beauitful Hotel	This hotel was absolutly beauitful! We stayed here over the 4th of July weekend and had a great time. The hotel is in a great location, we were able to walk everywhere only having to take a cab once or twice. The service was phenominal, and I loved how room service happened in the afternoon instead of the early morning hours. The only down side was that when we needed to print out our tickets for a cruise they charged an insane amount of money to log onto the internet and use their printer (I believe it was $10 for just a few minutes and one sheet of paper!). All in all we would definatly stay here again!	
Sep 3 2008 	Don't stay here	This hotel does not deserve to be voted number 1 hotel in san francisco. I stayed in 2 hotels in san francisco and this one was much the poorer of the 2, the other hotel was the intercontental. This was also twice the price of the intercontenental, and i booked on the recomendation of tripadvisor. (a mistake!!!!!!!) The room was on the fifth floor facing a very busy road and was very noisy. The room was small and shabby. the toilet flooded the first night. The dinner in the restaurant was overpriced and over cooked. Not a hotel to return to.	
Aug 31 2008 	Great hotel great service	I stayed at the San Francisco Omni twice during my 11 day trip to N. California. I have never stayed at an Omni, even though I travel 5-7 times a year. I loved this hotel, specifically because of its superb service. When traveling for pleasure I prefer B&amp;B because of the hospitality, local flavor, attention to service. I have to say that the folks at this Omni treated me and my wife as if we were at their home. We were always graciously greeted by the doorman, front desk, and concierge....they actually remembered us. It is such a surprise to get this level of attention in such a big city, in the heart of the financial district.The rooms were very, very clean. As I was there twice during my trip I was able to compare 2 different room types. Both times, the rooms were impeccably clean. All of the amenities you would expect for a business hotel are available. The hotel is located very close to the Ferry building and Chinatown. Being located in the financial district makes the hotel close to San Francisco's excellent restaurants including, Aqua and Perbacco. We ate at Perbacco and would recommend to anyone.We used the concierge services extensively and they were always courteous, quick, and thorough. It just wasn't the concierge that helped us. Everyone in the hotel goes out of their way to help. The lady that checked-us in, Crystal, was superb!!!They made a number of reservations for us and provided excellent recommendations.It's not close to the touristy areas near Fisherman's Wharf, but I wasn't looking to be in the heart of a tourist haven. If you are looking for a great hotel, with excellent service that makes you feel like you are at home this is the place to be. I will definitely be coming back to this hotel.	
Aug 30 2008	What makes this hotel so great is the staff amenities and location	Our family stayed at the Omni for a week during a vacation to San Francisco in August 2008. The Omni is very well managed and their staff top notch. The concierge, the front desk staff, housekeeping, security and Darryl (the Omni's very cool doorman who helped us secure transportation from the Outer Lands concert at Golden Gate Park to avoid the crowds) are pleasant, responsive and knowledgeable.We had a wonderful time in San Francisco and the folks at the Omni played a huge role in making it so pleasant.	
Aug 29 2008	Outstanding in every way!	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Omni. It was wonderful in every way. We were celebrating our 40th wedding anniversary, a &quot;big&quot; birthday, and our daughter's graduation from law school. Our room was upgraded to a beautiful suite and immediately after checking we were presented with a bottle of champagne, chocolate covered strawberries and roses! The hotel itself is lovely. Old world European look in the lobby, but very comfortable and updated rooms with modern amenities. Perfect location at the edge of the financial district (not overrun with tourists) but close to Chinatown and Union Square. The cable car is right outside the front door. But the best part of the experience at this hotel was the people!Everyone at the front desk was so helpful ( they even greeted me the next morning by my name); the Concierge Lex was an encyclopedia of information about special places to eat, visit etc and would sprinkle his recommendations with personal anecdotes; the bellman Ramon would often strike up a conversation and always ask about our day. This is a special hotel and made our celebration even more special.	
Aug 27 2008 	Overpriced fare for standard experience	Our flight was canceled and we couldn't get out until a day later, and the Omni was very nice about canceling the missed night without a fuss; we did have to shell out $50 for valet parking each night, which is a bit excessive, and our room, while large and comfortable, had a close-up view of the windows of the business offices next door. The staff was extremely courteous, but in a way that made us feel that they were fishing for tips - not warm, just perfunctory - fake smiles all the way. All in all, it seemed very much like a business hotel, not a 4 star luxury hotel.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great hotel in a great location	We stayed at the Omni in July this year. It was our first trip to San Francisco, so we weren't sure of which area to stay in, but the Omni turned out to be perfectly located for us. It's in the Financial District, so it's quiet at night, but we felt perfectly safe walking there after dark. It's also on the cable-car line, within easy walking distance of Chinatown and the Ferry Building and if you don't mind walking a bit further, you can easily walk to the Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf areas from here. The hotel itself is lovely and the room was spacious, clean and comfortable. If I had to pick one thing to fault the room on, it would be the fixed-head shower. I didn't have a particular problem with it, but it was just ok - investing a little money in the shower would really bring it up to the standard of the rest of the accommodation. Staff at the Omni were very friendly and helpful, from check-in, where they offered to help us book any attractions we wanted to see, room service bending over backwards to make us happy when there was a slight problem with our order, the concierge recommending places to eat, right through to the doorman offering us the hotel car when we were leaving for the airport (at only $5 more than the taxi fare, this was a nice option). In addition, when we had an issue with the guests in the adjoining room holding an impromptu party late one night, hotel security dealt with it very quickly.We joined the Select Guest program online for free and this entitled us to complimentary tea, coffee, hot chocolate and juice every morning, as well as complimentary WiFi access and a daily newspaper. We ate breakfast twice in the hotel restaurant, which was somewhat expensive, but excellent quality and really tasty. There was complimentary fresh fruit (peaches, apricots, plums etc, not just standard apples) and juice or iced tea in the lobby every afternoon, which was nice when returning from sightseeing before going out to dinner. And the gym provided complimentary bottled water and apples and bananas too.Overall, we really enjoyed our stay here and will definitely return if we are ever in San Francisco again!	
Aug 25 2008 	Nice but not a wow	This is the second time I have stayed at the Omni, both on business. The Omni is a nice 4 star hotel. The rooms and bathrooms are of average size, but quite adequate. The furnishings are in good condition except for the carpet which is very tired and in need of replacing. The worn state of the carpet really detracts from the rest of the room. The internet connection, although it uses a wire, was fast and reliable ($10/day). The staff was very friendly and helpful. For example, they set up transportation for me on multiple days without a hitch. The hotel food is only average in quality, but very expensive. The hotel is located not far from anything, but not close to anything either; a geographical compromise. I timed the walk to Union Square at 15 minutes via Montgomery, hang a right at Post (note this way is flat, no hills). San Francisco hotels are very expensive for what you get. The Omni is better than both nearby Hyatts. I would stay there again, but will likely try another hotel on my next visit.	
Aug 24 2008 	The best hotel anywhere	I just returned from a wonderful 4 day in San Francisco, and 3 nights at the Omni Hotel San Francisco was a treat. I aways stay there now, and the accommodations, amenities, and staff are the best of any hotel I know. it is well-located and to me it is paradise away from home in America's favorite city.Martin I. Laichtman, M.D.	
Aug 21 2008 	Living Large In San Francisco!	Giving this hotel 5 stars is easy with the type of service they deliver! I am a believer!I pulled up after a night at the newly finished J.W. Marriott hotel in Union Square, bad planning on my part. I was denied late check out and feeling a little green; I thought I would take my chances on an early check-in at the Omni. Having booked through Travelocity, my hopes were not high. I was greeted by the extremely efficient and professional Evelyn. She was kind, sympathetic and sincere. I was not a lesser human being for booking a discount room from an online service, hurray! I was feeling better. Evelyn clicked away on her keyboard and had me in a room within 10 minutes, my day was turning around. Enter Fernando, the very pleasant and chatty bellman that seemed to know everyone. He whisked my luggage away and we had a nice conversation. I arrived in the simple, yet elegant room to find a handwritten note from the housekeeper, Suyuak. I am a sucker for the personal touch. Slipping into a comfortable robe provided by the hotel, I decided to order room service, a Kobe burger would surely bring me around. The burger arrived and it was delicious! The meat was lightly spiced with a hint of pepper and the melted cheddar was just right! The fries were lightly spiced and delicious too. My high school reunion was 5 hours away and I was starting to feel human again. After a nice nap on the comfortable bed it was time to shower and head out for the evening. At the end of a long night, I decided to have a couple of classmates over to continue the reminiscing. I called over from the Sir Francis Drake where the reunion took place and asked room service to send a cart of refreshments up to my room. 30 minutes later when we all arrived, a beautiful cart with stemware, refreshments and snacks was waiting for us. Two thumbs up for Ms. Joanne, the goddess of In Room Dining that was running the floor solo and made this all happen. Mind you it was the manager the next day that told me Ms. Joanne had been alone, Ms. Joanne never complained or muttered a word. She made it all seem effortless. When it was time to turn in, I was so happy to have a minty treat on my pillow and turn down service. Most hotels in the four star genre have done away with this simple pleasure, it was a real treat to see my sheets folded down.When I walked up to the counter to check out the following day, I couldn't wait to shower the staff with praise. Crystal was checking me out and before she had the chance to ask, I blurted out &quot;I love this hotel!&quot; Crystal proceeded to check me out with the utmost efficiency and showered my with savings passes for Nordstrom, Bloomingdales and Macy's. What a smart move! Now I have to go back and book a room for a shopping weekend! All around the staff were magnificent, the hotel was well maintained and aesthetically pleasing, and I left in a really good mood!In the future I will book directly through the hotel and pay the higher price. I don't want to risk ending up at another hotel!	
Aug 20 2008 	Hit or Miss hotel	The Omni hotel is nice enough, and tries to offer decent service. But the rooms are definitely hit or miss and it is quite random whether you will get a nice accommodation. On the plus side, the hotel is conveniently located downtown in the financial district. A bit far from the convention center or tourist destinations but great if you are in town for work. The staff is generally professional and helpful.The lobby is a bit small and it can be difficult to get past all the doormen to get to the desk. Mind you, they are friendly and willing to help, but often there are 3 standing right in front of the doors, sometimes one is on the staircase leading into the hotel, so it feels like you are sneaking past the Secret Service every time you enter the hotel. At some hotels the doormen quickly open the door and get out of your way but here they are usually in conversation and don't notice you until you are already past.Speaking of small, the rooms are on the small side as well, which is not too uncommon for an older property. Don't waste your time on a &quot;premium&quot; room as the extra square footage is mostly in a long hallway that isn't useable. On paper these rooms are larger but they end up feeling the same size.Premium rooms also have two televisions but unfortunately the Omni is one of those hotels that has upgraded to 'high-def&quot; TVs but not high-def programming. Everything on screen is stretched wide to fill the wider screen, which ends up making everything all distorted - all the actors look squat and fat. Some hotels allow you to set the TV back to the regular aspect ratio to fix this, but not the Omni. I guess they don't want the black bars on the sides of the screens. But the result is that they can claim to have high-quality TVs while the picture quality is actually worse than your average Holiday Inn.Premium rooms offer &quot;a courtyard view&quot;. Be aware that this means you will probably get some light through the window but the actual &quot;view will be of a wall, or large machinery. Definitely nothing you would take a picture of if you aren't an HVAC engineer.If they are busy don't gamble on a smoking room unless you really don't mind the smell. The Omni gets a lot of heavy smokers so those rooms truly reek.The hotel restaurant is okay, basic big-city hotel food (at very high prices) but nothing to get excited about.All in all, if you can book during a slow period when you can easily change rooms to find one more to your liking then the Omni is an acceptable downtown hotel. But when reservations are scarce you are better off at a more reliable property.	
Aug 18 2008 	wonderful omni	We had the pleasure of 3 nights at The Omni with our family of 4 including 2 teenage girls one of whom uses a wheelchair. The staff at the Omni could not have been more helpful and friendly and although there were not many families that we could see staying I highly recommend this place to families looking for an up market experience. Milk and cookies were delivered every night for our girls and every time we passed through the lobby they returned with red roses, a toy cable car, chocolates, postcards, an unused cable car pass left by a previous guest, and best of all a big smile. The service was quite simply fantastic and very personal. I must give a special mention to Lex the conciege who was great and even helped us when he saw us looking at the map when he was off duty and we were shopping.I would recommend this hotel to anyone - it won't disappoint. The location was quiet and yet within reasonable, relatively flat walking distance of everything we needed.	
Aug 15 2008 	Terrific Stay	My family of six recently spent two wonderful nights at the Omni San Francisco. The Omni was our last stop on a two week long family vacation. We enjoyed our stay immensely. We loved the location as well as the terrific service we received at the Omni. At first I regretted my decision not to stay in the Fishermen's Wharf area but I came to find the Omni's location to be the perfect spot to explore the whole city. We walked as well as rode the cable cars (there is a stop right in front of the hotel) as well as the F Line street cars to get around. I highly recommend the Omni.	
Aug 5 2008 	Excellent Stay at the Omni	All of the prior reviews are true - the Omni is excellent. It may have been the nicest hotel we have ever stayed in - definitely in the top two. We stayed for two nights at the end of July. We had a 15th floor room with a partial view of the city. The rate we paid included valet parking for each night, normally an additional $48 per night charge. The room was large and very clean. The bathroom had a double sink with a very large countertop.The hotel was very convenient to Chinatown and Fisherman's Wharf. The entrance to Chinatown was only a short walk from the hotel and the cable car route to Fisherman's Wharf stopped right in front of the hotel. Our rental car was parked on Friday afternoon and we did not retrieve it until we left on Sunday.The service had the hotel was exemplary. Each employee we encountered was very friendly and helpful. The hotel concierge gave us a great overview of the area and the doormen provided excellent dining tips.As members of Omni's Select Guest program, we were treated with complimentary beverage service each morning, consisting of a pot of coffee and tea and a choice of several fruit juices, along with a choice of three newspapers. This service was very prompt - we requested 8:00 each morning, and the beverages arrived by 7:30. This service allowed us to enjoy our coffee and tea and newspaper before heading out to breakfast. Two excellent breakfast locations within walking distance were Lori's Diner and Sears' Fine Food.As several other reviewers mentioned, there is free bottled water and fruits available in the 3rd floor Fitness Center.One local feature not to be missed is the lounge located on the 52nd floor of the Bank of America building, located across the street from the Omni. The nighttime view of the city through the lounge's wall of windows was spectacular.	
Jul 30 2008 	Excellent Service	My wife and I stayed at the Omni as part of an anniversary trip through California.When we checked in late on Saturday night the person at the front desk acted as though they could not be bothered. She spoke in half sentences, didn't provide any information and just said &quot;sign here and here are your keys&quot; - and we were the only ones checking in.The next morning we talked to Monica at the front desk about our experience and she could not have been better. She was understanding, apologized and immediately asked what she could do to make it better (she sent up champagne and strawberries and also gave us vouchers for breakfast.) But more importantly she mades us feel like we were the only ones staying at the hotel- like our personal satisfaction was the most important thing.Everybody at the Omni (with the execption of the woman at check-in) was extraordinarily pleasant and helpful. The rooms were nice and the location was ideal. We'll be back for sure.	
Jul 30 2008 	Very Nice	We stayed at the Omni SF, for four nights, in a standard room. Very clean, well furnished and we were very happy. It is clear by the fact that most of the other guests were in suits, it is more for the business person, but although we did feel out of place in our shorts and t-shirts, we were made to feel very welcome by the very friendly staff. The restaurant was over priced for the food, in my view. Better to eat out. Overall, a great stay, and a great location, with a Cable Car route right outside.	
Jul 29 2008	Our stay at the Omni was great!	My best friend and I stayed 10 days at the San Fran Omni in late April 2008. It is a great hotel. It was very clean, the room was a nice size, bathroom was large, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. There was internet available in the lobby for a fee. In the future, I will always look for an Omni hotel to stay at, especially when in a large city. It has a restaurant and a separate bar/grill also. The restaurant served huge portions, everything was cooked to perfection, we ate there twice during our stay. The bar/grill was nice also, nice menu selections, such as crab tacos (yum), burgers, sliced steak. It is in the financial district and on the cable car line also. Close to Chinatown. We also ate at Houston's, across from the Ferry Building, excellent, especially the ribs, it was pricey but well worth it. The highlights of the trip for us were Alcatraz tour, Napa Wine-tasting tour, and Monterey-Carmel tour.	
Jul 29 2008 	Loved it! Fabulous Anniversary!!!!	Everything was perfect from the time I made my reservations until the day we left. We made reservations to celebrate our anniversary and do a quick in-town getaway. The Omni is located in the financial district, but is close to many great neighborhoods. We were able to walk to the Embarcadero, North Beach, and Chinatown. It is also really close to public transportation, including BART and the Cable Car (for real tourists).Originally I was going to just spend one night in a suite, but the reservationist suggested that since we were coming for our anniversary, we consider their &quot;Hearts in San Francisco&quot; package. We decided to do this instead for 2 nights. It included a deluxe room with King bed, champagne and chocolates in the evening, and breakfast either at the restaurant on site or served in your room.I called ahead to see if they had any suggestions for a special anniversary dinner and they made us reservations at Aqua. We checked in online and simply had to pick up our keys and go straight to our room upon arrival. When we got to the room, housekeeping had put a heart of rose petals on our bed. Within 20 minutes our champagne and chocolates arrived. There was also a reminder letter with our key to give us directions to the restaurant which is only 2 blocks away. I also called for suggestions of somewhere to go after dinner and was given the perfect spot at the Bubble Lounge.The next day was just as wonderful and with the same treatment of the room the next night was completely romantic. Everyone at this hotel is friendly and helpful. It all started with Joey Nubla (concierge), to Darrell at the front door, to our bellmen Adam and Joey, our fabulous housekeeper Maria, the room service staff and John and Justin at the front desk. Thank you all for giving us the perfect getaway for our anniversary!	
Jul 29 2008 	Absolutely great	Brilliant location near Chinatown, very friendly staff, beautiful and tasteful room. Excellent breakfast! We felt at home right from the start and would certainly return. A Chinese couple next to us just got married and half of their party came with them to celebrate an after party in the middle of the night. Luckily this did not take too long. We loved the handwritten note of the housekeeping lady, thanking us for giving her the opportunity to clean our room. It's typical to this place.	
Jul 27 2008 	Lovely Hotel	We stayed at the Omni Hotel for 3 nights at the beginning of July. After a 10 hour flight and 8 hours time difference, it was the perfect place to retreat to.We had previously stayed at the Omni Parker House Hotel in Boston, which exceeded our expectations, so after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor we decided to book the Omni San Francisco.The two adjoining rooms we stayed in were spacious, very clean and comfortable; the hotel staff could not have been more friendly and welcoming and the restaurant is to be recommended, although there are plenty of restaurants etc within walking distance.Would definitely stay at this hotel in future.	
Jul 26 2008 	Poor Experience	I stayed here for 3 nights in July 07 for a business trip so a little late in posting feedback but thought I should still contribute.OVERALLI completely failed to see why this hotel is rated so highly. The location and checkin were good but everything else from the lobby, room and broadband were poor. I cannot recommend this hotel especially with other good options nearby. In particular, the Mandarin Oriental is nearby and is often priced competitively which means you'll be paying similar money to the Omni but for a VASTLY superior hotel.Let me emphasize that I do not feel the Omni is bad. The problem is that it is just ok and that there are options.GOODFast checkin. Pleasant staff. Decent location.BADSmall room. Front lobby unimpressive. &quot;Broadband&quot; speeds slow.	
Jul 26 2008 	Good location excellent service comfortable rooms	Excellent location in financial district, an easy walk to North Beach, Chinatown, Union Square, SFMOMA, BART, etc. Beautiful lobby. Truly outstanding service with gracious, well trained staff. Room was large with extra room for a writing desk and a good sized sitting chair. Bathroom was clean, modern, and recently remodeled. High-quality mattress on the bed; room had a small flat screen TV (37 inch?). Decoration is in a traditional style. Breakfast in downstairs restaurant was OK, but nothing special, for example the OJ was not fresh. Only real complaint was the carpet in the room was a little tired - not disgusting - but no longer new and starting to show its age.	
Jul 23 2008 	We Love The Omni	The Omni San Francisco staff made me smile every day of our stay in June. Our check in was great. My husband mentioned that we were celebrating our 30th wedding aniversary (15 years a piece) to Justin Seeto, the Guest Services Manager. Although he was not able to upgrade our room that night, the following afternoon we were moved to a lovely upgrade with a good bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries waiting for us. That is when I really started smiling! Lex ,at the concierge desk was delightful. He took time with us to find out our interests before making some great recommendations for dining and entertainment. If you haven't done it the Alcatraz cruise is a must. We loved Golden Gate park with the De Young museum and the Tea Gardens. A short walk from there is Haight Asbury, interesting. Good restaurant, Cha Cha Cha, Caribean tapas. We loved Mamacita, gormet Mexican and the Boulevard is a must do. We were lucky enough to catch the Frida Kalo exhibit at SFMOMA which we also loved.I digress, in short everyone we encountered at the Omni was friendly, personable and seemed to be enjoying making guests happy. The dorrmen were sweethearts, with a cold water in hand on an uncharacteristically warm summer day, the housekeepers were terrific and I had a great chat with a maintenance guy on the elevator. They all made a difference and made our stay at the Omni an absolute delight. Can't wait to return.	
Jul 22 2008	I'll be back!	From the moment the front door was opened on our way in to check in to the time the front door was opened on our way after check out, my girlfriend and I were treated like royalty at the Omni. I've been to San Francisco many times and the Omni is the BEST hotel I've stayed in. The service is exquisite. Everyone from the doorman to the front desk personnel to the housekeeping staff is exceptionally friendly, always upbeat, and very helpful. The hotel itself is very clean, elegant, and conveniently located close to Chinatown, North Beach, and the Financial District. The California Street Cable Car line runs past the hotel's front door, and the BART station is five blocks away. The room was large, clean, and well maintained. There was a nice flat screen TV and DVD player in our upgraded &quot;signature&quot; room, though not every room may be equipped similarly. Every morning our housekeeper would leave us a handwritten note wishing us a pleasant day. We'd write her back telling her of our travel adventures and leave her a well-deserved tip for her service. She even recommended a great place to try authentic dim sum! Staying at the Omni was definitely the key to a most enjoyable San Francisco adventure! I'll be back to San Francisco soon and, without a doubt, will be staying at the Omni again!	
Jul 21 2008 	Good hotel in central location	We have stayed in the Omni San Francisco before so it was the natural choice for a return visit. The staff in general were helpful particularly the door men - it is nice to get the door opened for you! We had a few probs - the keys issued to our party did not open the doors and we were left standing on the corridor with our luggage whist the security checked our ID again before they could re-issue our cards - no proper apology from the reception desk as I would have expected. Also we had one of our rooms booked for three but only one king bed !- they sent up a rollaway - at no extra charge - I would hope so as we had paid for 3 people!We had booked a suite and a bedroom and they put us in the corner suite area which was very handy - suite was quite spacious - flowers in bathroom and fruit were supplied - nice touch. Beware double beds are tiny and really do not fit 2 people. Thet now charge for use of their internet business room - so take your laptop - it is free for 'select guests ' in the lobby - you can print airline boarding passes for free for a restricted number of airlines - but would be better if they had access to international ones as well! Overall a nice hotel - though like many hotels in San francisco it is quite pricey - SF hotels are pricier than NYC or Boston Breakfast is expensive for what you get - much better value in the Omni in Boston! - which is hard to beat for breakfast!	
Jul 18 2008 	loved the omni	The omni was a great location. The hotel was nice, with nice rooms. What made the stay so great was the service. All the staff were really grade a from beginning to end. The things I didn't like was that the room was very small, with only two double beds, not queen. The food prices were very high, even for san francisco, so eating at the hotel was not an option. Would have been convenient to eat at hotel for breakfast.	
Jul 16 2008 	I can see why the Omni is rated so high.	My wife and I stayed there at the end of June then again in early July while vacationing in San Francisco. The service was excellent, from the check in to the doorman. Everyone makes you feel very welcome. The beds are very comfortable with large plush pillows. The bathroom are immaculate and clean. The location is central to everything, you can walk to Union Square, North Beach, Little Italy, the Bart (subway) in no time. I would definitely recommend the Omni to anyone and everyone.	
Jul 15 2008	10 in all areas	This was one of the most enjoyable hotel experiences I have had in years. The hotel was immaculate and the staff was more then accomodating. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the San Francisco area.	
Jul 11 2008 	Omni was fabulous	We stayed at the Omni over the 4th of July weekend (got a great rate at $169 a night)! We enjoyed everything about our stay there. From the doormen who were super, to the front desk staff and everyone in between--fabulous service. We liked the fact that it was not in the middle of everything, because San Francisco was crazy over that weekend! The financial district is very quiet on weekends, which, like another poster said, we liked. We were at the end of a 10 day trip out west and thought the Omni was the best hotel we stayed at, and we stayed at nice hotels! We checked in early, no problem, and when we were leaving they held our luggage all day because our flight wasn't until 10:00 that night. We loved all the personal touches and luxurious bedding and robes! As an added tip, we joined their hotel rewards program when making the reservations (it's free to join) and that got us extra perks like coffee/juice/paper in the morning, get fit kit and the room and a few more things. I would recommend this!This was our first visit at an Omni hotel and would look for an Omni property again when traveling.	
Jul 7 2008 	Beautiful hotel great location!	I just spent two nights at the Omni in San Francisco at the end of a 10-day trip to various California sites. We had three couples in our party. The hotel is beautifully decorated, had conscientious staff, great sheets. It's location is two blocks from Chinatown in the Financial District, and the street car runs right in front of the hotel. We needed quick transportation one evening in order to make our Alcatraz Tour, and the doorman provided two town cars for our party and we only had to tip the drivers. Because of its location, our 9th floor room overlooked the top of the Wells Fargo Bank and a Subway shop.There is a complimentary coffee maker in the room and a daily newspaper. We were very disappointed to be charged $10 a day for wireless internet access, since every other hotel we had stayed at in California provided this service for free.There is no parking. Valet parking service provided by the hotel is $48 a day plus tipping the driver! There is St. Mary's Parking Garage one block away with the awesome rate of $32 a day! The phone in the bathroom, lighted closet, and nightly turn-down service was nice.	
Jul 2 2008 	Good 4-star hotel in a great location	We stayed at the Omni for 3 nights. Our room was available when we checked in at noon and we had a late check-out at 2pm. The check-in staff are friendly and very prompt. The room is a good size, the bed is comfortable, and the amenities are good. The decor is a bit tired, but clean and tidy. Wi-fi is $9.95 for 24 hours. There is a turndown service every evening, which is a very nice touch. The staff at the concierge desk are knowledgable and very helpful. They sell tourist muni passports which is excellent (1 day for $11), and a very helpful female staff showed us how to get to the various attractions. There is complimentary lemonade and fruit late afternoon in the lobby. The location is excellent. The Ferry Building to the right, Chinatown to the left and Union Square to the south. Tadich Grill, an SF institution is 4 blocks right of the hotel, and we stumbled upon it by a very fortunate mistake. Unwittingly, we were in SF for the Gay Pride parade, which we happily attended. The atmosphere was fantastic. We booked through Expedia.co.nz, and paid NZ$266 per night (including taxes) which was very reasonable.	
Jul 1 2008 	20th Anniversary Stay was Terrific	I have stayed in many hotels all over the world. The Omni service was exceptional which is why this hotel is so highly rated. The &quot;premium&quot; class room on the top floor (17th) was large with the usual first-class amenities - king size bed, armoire holding the TV - mini-bar-drawers for clothing, a writing table and a chair. The room was very much like other major UPSCALE hotel chains but nothing palacial. The room was accurately described as having a &quot;partial view&quot; so I was not expecting more than this. I could see the bay but I also saw a lot of the side of the L-shaped Omni itself. The only hotel that I saw there that I would like to investigate next time was the Intercontinental Mark (somebody). It is a high rise on Nob Hill which is elevated already so I am sure the views were pretty spectacular. I am sure the price is as well. We had brunch at the Top of the Mark which is - you guessed it - on the top floor and we saw the view ourselves. Spectacular. But back to the Omni...When we told the concierge that this was our 20th Wedding Anniversary, they immediately arranged to have champagne and chocolate covered strawberries delivered to our room - complimentary. Having a bottle of champagne around just changes the whole mood of a hotel room - I highly recommend it. I am not suggesting that you lie about it being your anniversary, though.I had the 3-1/2 days in San Fran very well scheduled before we arrived because I wanted to make the most of our short stay, so I took the wind out of the concierge's sails when I showed him my calendar chart of restaurant reservations, Alcatraz cruise, Wok Wiz Chinatown tour, etc, but I would have missed the opportunity of eating at the Slanted Door if the concierge had not pointed out that they were in fact open for lunch (I had seen information indicating they only opened at 5 and could not work it into our evening time slots.) Tiger prawns, Vietnamese crepes, beef short ribs. WoW!One complaint: when you stay at the hotel that is rated #1, any little thing that is wrong will seem like a big deal. For instance, I had to take the coffee service tray out of the armoire and set it on the table and then I had to crawl under the table to reach the electrical outlet just to get it plugged in. I found myself getting quite indignant (silly pride) at the effort I had to personally exert just to hook up the thing. I have done this before in other hotels and not been nearly as bothered. Lesson: limit your expectations and you will always be more satisfied.Also: This is in the Financial District. While we never felt like we were out of the main part of town, it does get quiet on weekends. This was pleasant to us. You are still only a few blocks from Union Square, the Ferry Building, and Chinatown and you have cable cars running directly in front of the hotel. You will not feel isolated in the least. The location was perfect and in no way diminished our stay.	
Jun 30 2008	Loved the hotel service sucked!	While the hotel itself was nice, if not bit pricey, the service was not. There was a conference while we were there and a disco had been set up right below our room for the conference attendees. The floor was shaking the music was so loud. As the hotel was oversold we couldn't be moved and the only thing they offered to do for us was pay for a cab to another hotel, no offer of rooms elsewhere or anything. Oh...we did get a &quot;free&quot; overpriced breakfast out of it. Don't eat in the dining room, way overpriced for what you get...$25 for Bacon and Eggs?Would not stay there again, not for the amount we paid and the service we got.	
Jun 29 2008 	Memorable Stay - Superb Service	My husband and I recently spent a birthday week-end at the Omni San Francisco. This was our first stay at an Omni property and we were so impressed that we actually checked to see if there was a hotel in Fort Lauderdale which is where we'll be vacationing next (We have a reservation at a Hilton property but would have switched to the Omni given the wonderful experience we had with them in San Fran.).The front desk staff were very helpful and courteous. We were quite impressed with Crystal who not only answered our questions about hotel amenities but she also anticipated our needs and made arrangements to have them met. We were always greeted with a friendly hello by all staff we passed - be it at the front door, in the elevator or in the hallways. There appears to be a seamless team effort to provide polite service at all times and this was quite refreshing to experience. There were personal touches added to the room which we really appreciated. The linens were fresh and clean. Our only disappointment was that there was not much of a view from the room (perhaps because we had requested a quiet area of the hotel?). The hotel is in an excellent location, albeit sedate on the week-end as it's in the Financial district within close proximity to the shopping area on Market street, Little Italy and Chinatown. BART and MUNI are available nearby. We hope to be returning guests.	
Jun 26 2008 	A few glitches - but nice	My wife and I decided to take a long weekend, including a Monday off work, and spend it in San Francisco. We chose the Omni based on its reputation and location. Both lived up to expectations but for one glitch - the internet was down our entire stay.First the good. The location is perfect; in the heart of the embarcadero and financial districts and on the outskirts of China Town. You can easily walk to the farmers market (Sat and Tues), Coit tower, China Town, North beach or Union Square. The hotel staff were friendly and efficient and the Hotel was a pleasant level of old school; clean, comfortable and well cared for. We booked a &quot;signature room&quot;, which was a good size and high up on the 16th of 17 floors. Our package included parking and internet for $239 a night. Ask for this package when booking. The restaurant bar in the lobby, Bob's Bar (not the steakhouse) had great food and drinks and seems to be where locals and local business people hang out - it was fun.Now the minor bad - which left a bad taste. The internet, which they charge for in standard rooms and even the business center, was out all three days. Each time we called, the front desk gave us a differnt explanation and a different timeframe for its solution. We wanted the internet to search for restaurants, events and attractions. We also needed it to access our offices to justify a last minute day off. I asked if we could use the business office internet and they said sure, &quot;swipe your credit card&quot; Internet was free in our room but we had to pay - not cool.	
Jun 23 2008 	It was purdy good	This hotel was purdy good.	
Jun 22 2008 	Outstanding Customer Service/Wonderful amenities	We just arrived home from a four night stay at the Omni San Francisco to celebrate our Anniversary. The Customer Service and attention to detail was outstanding. They took care of our every need and far exceeded our expectations. We had such wonderful celebration and stay as we knew if we needed anything, they we be there for us. We felt so pampered, we almost hated to leave. When we inquired how to get around by car, cable car and even buses, where to mail letters, packages the Front Desk and Conceirge staff provided every detail. When we needed to send a package, they gave us a box, the tape and even shipped it for us. The had every amenity we could need and more. When we inquired as to where to eat or get a bottle of wine to celebrate, they gave us all the help we could possibly need. The Valets and Bell hops were on top of every thing, even when we just needed to find out where to stand to catch the cable car. The location of the hotel is wonderul to get around the city and see the sites, as you are in the middle of it all. The bed was heavenly and the room was quiet. We look forward to the next time we will be able to stay there.	
Jun 21 2008 	Where's the pool??	Its a nice hotel but contrary to the reviews, its not fantastic. Someone rated their pool as above average. Foolishly, I didn't look into it as i actually wanted to use the pool. I was surprised on arrival to find out that they don't actually have one!!!The staff are very friendly but that is usually a standard american thing in a high star hotel. The rooms are all nice and reasonably spacious for the price although a little stuffy for some reason (maybe the weather) but again, not all that fantastic as the reviews seem to suggest. The location is great in the center of town, the breakfast and the food average, the bed was okay, not fantastic. I've definitely stayed in better	
Jun 21 2008 	This is what every hotel should aim to be like	We arrived very late after a long drive from Vegas as part of our honeymoon tour of CA, and were greeted by exceptionally friendly helpful staff, unbelievably clean rooms, excellent facilities...need I go on. An absolute must for an extra special city visit.	
Jun 20 2008 	Best hotel in San Francisco	I was in San Francisco on business and stayed at the Omni for four nights this June. EVERYTHING is great about this hotel! The staff are extremely friendly, and will go out of their way to help you with ANYTHING you could possibly need. I've stayed at other hotels in San Francisco and there are hotels that more modern / chique, but none of them beat the Omni - It's a classic.	
Jun 20 2008 	would highly recommend this hotel	We stayed in this hotel on a recent visit to san franciso and would highly recommend it, from start to finish the service was impeccable and i could not find one thing to fault. On arriving at the hotel we were greeted by the friendly porter and directed to the front desk where again the welcome was great (but not overwhelming) and check in was quick and efficent. Room was excellent - very comfortable with a huge bed and excellent bathroom (good shower). For me it was the little touches that made the stay so enjoyable - the chocolates, the ice bucket that was refilled every night, the weather forecast by the phone; as well as the attentive and friendly staff. As we spent most of our time sightseeing we only ate room service one night and never ate in the restauarant - both restauarant and bar looked very nice though. Location is great - walking distance from all the sights though can be a bit quiet on a sunday. If im in san francisco again this is where ill be staying!	
Jun 18 2008 	Great hotel location and friendly staff!	We stayed at the Omni hotel after reading all the reviews on Trip advisor. I have to say that they were true! The Omni hotel is a great place with a very friendly staff. We arrived early (10:30a) and a room was waiting for us. After signing up on their website, we ended up with coffee and juice delivered to our room every morning. We also had breakfast included. The restaurant was great. The staff there welcomed us each morninng and we had the choice as far as menu. I had steak and eggs one morning. Just fabulous! The meat was very tender.We will definetely stay there again. Perfect location as well.	
Jun 17 2008	Best Hotel Experience Ever!	We had a wonderful experience. I am 40ish and my daughter, 20. We went to SF for girl's trip. Omni staff was absolutely excellent. Genuine smiles, friendliest &amp; kindest staff..even our housekeeper left hand-written notes daily. Clean &amp; beautiful lobby, halls, &amp; room. Special touches everywhere. Every single person we came in contact with was genuine and helpful. Great location two blocks from Chinatown. Paid $209 one night and $199 the other. Room size was also good for price paid.	
Jun 16 2008 	Omni Made My 1st San Fran Trip a 1st Class Joy!	As always, I checked TripAdvisor first when planning my first trip to San Francisco and based on the No. 1 rating of the Omni from previous travelers, I decided to give it a shot. Was I ever impressed. It is a lovely hotel in the Financial District of the city and very near Union Square. Not only are the common areas and the room truly beautiful, each member of the staff that I encountered was extremely courteous and sincerely willing to ensure that I was having a great time. I plan to return to see more of the city and will definitely be staying at the Omni.	
Jun 14 2008 	Top Class Service.	The Omni is a superb hotel. The Staff from Reception, Concierge, Housekeeping etc. were the best ever I have experienced. ALL HOTEL STAFF WORLDWIDE SHOULD BE TRAINED HERE!. The hotel is located within easy reach of everything with a trolley stop just outside for those who don't like walking. The only minor fault is the cost of Breakfast in the restaurant- it cost us $80 for two &amp; as it's located in the financial district there is not a great selection of restaurants nearby, unless all you want is a coffee &amp; bagel.	
Jun 10 2008 	Omni is a good hotel in a good location	My fiance and I stayed at the Omni San Francisco this past weekend. We found the staff to be extremely friendly. We didn't walk through the lobby once without a &quot;how are you?&quot; or &quot;Is there anything I can help you with?&quot;The room was on the small end but still very nice. The location was good but required a short walk to get to the tourist locations. The price was reasonable for San Francisco. The only downside in my mind was that we were charged $48 / day for our rental car to be parked in the garage. Seemed a bit steep. Overall, we enjoyed the hotel and would recommend it to anyone.	
Jun 10 2008 	what a great hotel	Everything about this hotel is perfect. The location is superb, near the sights but quiet at nightime with a trolley stop almost outside the door. Rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. The staff are amazing, everyone of them went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. One of the best hotels I have stayed in, can't wait to go back.	
Jun 9 2008 	Very Social and fun staff..	I received a great rate in a middle tier room. I reserved the room on the companies website and requested the best (and highest room available) for my room rate. They gave me a great room on the top floor with a great view of the city and bay! The staff was very social and helpful making us feel at home! I would go back and stay at this hotel for the staff alone!	
Jun 7 2008 	A little pricey	We stayed at the Omni for 2 nights we booked through Hotwire. We paid like $730.00. The room was average. They need to update the t.v.'s.It was just an okay stay. I would have rather stayed at the Westin Market street. The concierge is extremely helpful!!!	
Jun 6 2008 	Favorite hotel in 20 years of travel	Traveled quite a bit and stayed in some of the country's top hotels but as far as room quality (including value), comfort of atmosphere and service the Omni SF is at the top of my list. Great place to stay while in the city (was at the Orchard a few nights earlier bc of its reviews and it's not even close), or any city.	
Jun 2 2008 	A great hotel	We had only two nights at the Omni in May. We were on our way home to NZ after 6 weeks travelling in Europe laden with luggage!What a pleasure it was to arrive at the Omni after negotiating the chaos of Los Angeles Airport! We arrived at 8.30 am and our room was not available but hotel reception couldn't have been more helpful in storing bags, offering bathrooms and recommending places for coffee or breakfast. The manager personally hurried up the availability of our room and had us safely ensconced by 10am.Our room was a standard king but so spacious by European hotel room standards. It was immaculately clean and well appointed. Our only negative comment would be that there was no kettle for boiling water for a cup of tea. There was a coffee maker available but to just boil water in that took forever! The bed was large and firm with comfortable pillows and crisp linen. Nice range of toiletries in the bathroom which were replaced twice daily if needed-a nice touch.Our room was facing into a central area so only view was of other buildings. The upside of this was that we got no road noise whatsoever-Lovely and quiet so would probably request same on return visit.Hotel is in financial area so if here on holiday as we were, not too many restaurants or cafes in the immediate vicinity. This was a bit of an issue especially as we were there on a Sunday night and a Monday which was a public holiday so virtually nothing around. North beach though is only a short taxi ride away.The strength of this hotel though was its outstanding staff. They were respectful, extremely helpful and willing to answer all queries and wishes in a friendly courteous way.Wold we stay here again?---A resounding yes.	
May 31 2008 	Great Stay at the Omni	We had a great stay at the Omni San Francisco over the Memorial Day holiday. Although there was no view, our room was well appointed and clean. Staff was friendly and service was above average. Service technician replaced our television set becuase it was not working. Location, in the financial district, was good even though rather dead on Sunday and Memorial Day. Close to the Embarcadero and ferry building where restraunts were open on Sunday afternoon. We would stay here again on another trip to San Francisco.	
May 31 2008 	great service	The Omni is a great find for the price. We paid an average of $180.00 a night. It is a about 2 blocks off the beaten path but in a nice safe area. The great thing is that the California trolley line goes right in front of the hotel so transportation is easy. We walked to the North Beach district and to Union Square. Fisherman's warf is easy to get to by trolley. (buy the daily pass for $11 p/p) The rooms were very clean and updated as was the lobby. It is small but has a restaurant and a small bar that serves a small menu. If you want a very quiet room but with no view, request an inner courtyard. I have stayed in both and the street side rooms have the view to the street if you don't mind the city noises - not bad though.	
May 28 2008 	Clean beautiful and amazing customer service at the Omni.	We stayed at the Omni San Francisco for my dad's 65th birthday. My family was so impressed with the hotel. Not only were the rooms immaculate, the bathrooms were so clean you could eat off the floor. Omni's customer service was amazing... Everyone was so helpful in suggesting local restaurants, where to order pizza, etc. The concierge was GREAT and even surprised my dad with a small birthday cake and more. I consider myself to be a hotel snob and cannot say enough good things about this place. The location was GREAT too.	
May 28 2008 	Fantastic SF Hotel!	Everything about the hotel was fantastic - clean, beautiful, central location (walking distance to most everything), restaurant, bar, etc. But, the best part of the hotel was the staff - everyone we came in contact with was friendly, helpful, nice and just pleasant. Great stay. Will definitely stay the next time in SF.	
May 28 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Kids Room Great City...	A great classic and classy hotel. The service is outstanding. The atmosphere is luxurious, and extremely kid-friendly in a city that is not really kid-centric. We were lucky enough to book the Kid Fantasy Suite for my kids (ages 9 and 11) with an adjoining King room for my husband and I. While there is much more the decorators could have done to make it a true kid &quot;fantasy&quot; room, it made my kids feel like they were special. Bunk beds, bean bags and nightly milk &amp; cookies -- what more could a kid want?! (Well, a pool would have been ideal, but they didn't mind too much).The restaurant in the hotel, Bob's Steak House, was fantastic. A little pricey, but typical for the city and the food was worth it. There are several outstanding restaurants within an easy two block walk of the hotel.We were there over a long weekend, and it seemed many cafes and smaller restaurants were closed for the weekend, or had very limited hours. (The closest McDonald's was completely closed on Sunday -- not a big deal unless you have a 9-year-old craving a Happy Meal)But the location was great in regards to the ease in getting to public transportation. Also, there are a ton of things within walking distance -- China Town, the Ferry Building, Union Square.The service at the Omni is wonderful! Everything from the front desk staff to the housekeepers to the room service attendants. I could go on an on about this hotel, but to simply summarize: if you are going to San Fran, stay here!	
May 27 2008 	Solid and convenient hotel	I stayed at the Omni for 2 nights over Memorial Day weekend. I got a great weekend rate at $169 a night. LOCATION: The location could not be any better. We took the BART and walked 4 blocks (10 minutes) to the hotel. Just make sure you don't have too much luggage. The hotel is also within walking distance of Union Square and Chinatown. There are also Muni lines and cable car lines very close by.HOTEL:I knew that it was an older hotel, but I guess I expected the rooms to be nicer. It is very clean, but there was no &quot;wow&quot; factor that I have seen at other hotels like Novotel Singapore or Venetian in Vegas. It was a regular room with regular t.v. with nice amenities but nothing ultra-modern. The bed was very comfortable. The rooms were very quiet, although you could hear some hallway noise, but nothing from outside the building. I guess that is why they are not considered a 5 star hotel. Minus one star for the room.SERVICE:The service was very good overall. Check in was quick and all the staff were extremely friendly. We are a select guest, so we get morning beverage service (you are supposed to get a card outside your room and you hang it out with your beverages). Since this is our first stay, we had no idea how this worked. We never got a card and got no beverages in the morning. When I called the front desk, they forwarded me to room service, and I got my beverages. I also told front desk that I didn't get a beverage card, just a room service, when they asked if I hung it outside. Well, for a #1 rated Tripadvisor and 4 star hotel, I would expect a select guest beverage card the following night, but no. So, minus one star for that. However, when I wanted coffee the next morning at 11:00 a.m. (they have a pot of coffee in Bob's every morning until 10:00 a.m.), the staff got me one, so add one star.Overall, this is a great hotel with great service. I can see why it is not 5 stars, but the service really makes it above the rest.HOTEL TIPS:Get free water and fruit in the fitness room. There is also free fruit in the afternoon and free lemonade in the lobby. There is free coffee in the morning at Bob's bar until 10:00 a.m. But, you get free beverage service delivered to your room if you sign up as a selected guest.RESTAURANT TIPS:We found two great restaurants within walking distance of the hotel. Both are highly rated on yelp. The first is Bix. It is on Gold St., which is about 5 blocks north of Montgomery (10 minutes walk). It's in a small alley, and the food is awesome and moderately priced (entrees $25 to 35 range). Their appetizers are incredible, and the atmosphere is very nice. The second is Great Eastern in Chinatown for dim sum. This place is located on Jackson St. by Kearny. It is very clean compared to the other Chinatown places, and you order off of a menu with pictures (no carts). Service is a bit slow, but if you are looking for an adventure in Chinatown, definitely try dim sum there. Go early (before 11:00) to avoid the crazy crowds!	
May 19 2008 	Great Hotel! Can't wait to go back	My husband, baby, and I stayed at the Omni for 3 nights in March. I've never experienced such great service. From the moment we arrived, we were treated with great hospitality. The lady that checked us in even asked if she could hold our baby and played with him for a little while. it was really cute. We were upgraded to a suite, which was beautiful. Any questions we had, or service, we needed was handled with genuine kindness and efficiency. My baby's blanket was accidentally taken by the cleaning staff. Omni took all measures to locate it, and then refunded 1 night off the bill and treated us to a free breakfast. We thought that was really nice. We have great memories, and can't wait to stay there again. We tell all of our friends who visit San Francisco about this experience, and recommend it highly.	
May 19 2008 	Best Hotel Ever!	We had a wonderful experience at this hotel. Extremely clean (even the hallways smelled clean). Large rooms, windows opened, extremely comfortable bed (most hotels are lumpy and over used), great selection of snacks and other amenities, mints, sleep balm, cards, anything you desire! Wonderful extra friendly staff, always available to help. Went as a surprise for my husband's 40th birthday and they sent up a complementary cake, champagne and birthday card. Great location, 1 block from China Town, Easy access to cable cars!We will definately stay there again!!!	
May 12 2008 	Fantastic weekend	For my birthday this year, my husband surprised me with a trip to San Francisco, and a stay in the Omni hotel. From the second we arrived until we had to return, we found the hotel and its staff faultless. We arrived early, hoping to be able to drop off our bags until the room was ready, but were delighted to be told that not only was our room ready, but they had upgraded us to a suite! The room was beautiful, with loads of space to chill out and relax. Returning that evening after a day of sightseeing, I was surprised yet again, as they had laid on cake and champagne for my birthday. The omni certainly know how to pamper a girl. The next day, we both felt thoroughly relaxed after sleeping in the very comfortable beds. The breakfasts were fantastic, with truly excellent service. My husband booked the champagne and strawberries package which were delivered that evening, and once again the presentation and execution was impeccable. The rose petals on the bed were an extra special touch. I would highly recommend the Omni Hotel and its wonderful staff, and look forward to returning there in the future.	
May 9 2008 	The Omni went above and beyond	My best friend and I went to San Francisco for a girls weekend and had the best time. The hotel was fantastic. From greeting us with roses and first class service upon checking in, to our beautifully appointed room.  It was a deluxe room with two double beds, marble bathroom, with no real views but very comfortable. We are wary of hotels but felt right at home at the Omni, as everything was clean and comfortable. I have stayed in Fairmonts and nicer hotels, and I would say that this hotel was at par with a 4+ star, it was great. My girlfriend celebrated a birthday during our stay and we only mentioned it to the front desk clerk when asked why in town, after dinner one night they sent up a bottle of champagne, two small birthday cakes and a personalized card. It was perfect! The gym was great, tv's on all the equipment and was never full, or even half full. Get your water there as there is complimentary water, and the bottle in your room is $6. Oh and there is also fresh fruit in the gym, which might be a nice snack as the mini bar and room service are quite pricey. Which isn't too much of a problem since the Omni is near alot of nice cafes, restaurants etc. (right beside the Omni there is a cafe which has everything and makes delicious panini's.... which are worth the trip back to San Francisco). We never ordered anything from the hotel.... except a bagel and fruitplate in the morning.... and it wasn't outrageous. No pool, no views, but what the hotel lacks in those areas, it completely compensates for in friendly helpful staff. It is close to China town, Union square, North beach and across the street from the Carmelian room which has amazing views while you dine. Become an Omni select guest member (free online) and you can get a complimentary morning beverage and paper, turn down service and upgrade after so many stays. Being on California street, alongside the cable cars, the Omni makes it easy to get around without a rental car. I would actually say avoid renting one if possible as parking in San Francisco is expensive and hard to come by. The hotel charges $45 I believe. So we rented one to drive up to win country, and returned it the same day, just to save us the hassle of paying for parking and returning it the next day.  San Francisco is a fantastic city and the hospitality extends far beyond the hotels and tourist areas. Everyone is so nice and made our trip so enjoyable. The Omni is a great hotel in a great location. We will return and as soon as we can.	
May 4 2008 	Perfect	Beautifully located walking distance to North Beach for restaurants, Union square and fishermans wharf. Brilliant, friendly service - nothing was a problem. The service team went out of their way to help me - I felt like a King! The rooms are spacious (I had a king bed), and bathrooms are good size and have high quality finishes. The gym has all the gear you need, about 5 treadmills, some new resistance training gear and is very well presented.Whether you are staying for pleasure or business, this hotel is first class, highly recommend - it was also outstanding value!	
May 4 2008 	Great staff	From the moment we walked through the door at the Omni, the staff could not have been more helpful. John on the front desk, gave us maps with directions to all the tourist areas, recommended restaurants and because the bellman was very busy even brought our luggage up to our room himself. The location was great a 15 minute walk to union square and a pleasant 20 minutes walk to Fisherman's wharf. If you don't like walking the cable car stop is very close to the hotel.The only mild disappointment at the Omni was the high prices in the restuarant especially for breakfast.The trip to alcatraz from pier 33 is must, so remember to book in advance online as it will be very difficult to get tickets on the day as there tends to be a wait of several days.San Francisco was very enjoyable, and it helped to have such friendly staff at the Omni.	
Apr 29 2008 	Excellent hotel	This is one of the best hotels I have ever been in. It is centerally located only a block away from china town and a couple from union square. The staff are the most helpful and friendly I have ever seen. From check in with a lady called Crystal she supplied us with maps gave good advice and was very helpful. Another member of staff from meeting me once remembered my name everytime he saw me. Its not the cheapest place but it is a very nice hotel and you wont regret booking here. The food is excellent as well.	
Apr 26 2008 	GREAT San Francisco Hotel!	My wife and I stayed at the Omni San Francisco for four nights recently - and we simply loved our experience!The hotel has all of the services we could have wanted: very nice, comfortable rooms; an awesome concierge service (truly!); and one of the best hotel gyms that we've come across; among various other features.The absolute best part of the hotel, though, was the staff: everyone was warm and friendly - special rave reviews go to the doormen/valets and the front desk/concierge staffs . . . who were all as helpful as one could ask for.In fact, we happened to mention to the guest services representative/concierge who checked us in (Joey N.) that it was my birthday and that my wife had just arrived back in the States after overseas work travel . . . and he kindly surprised us by sending up a bottle of champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries - so very kind and generous!As for the hotel and the city: one is only minutes away from the Embarcadero (and the Ferry Building, a join in and of itself - but also the jumping off point for ferries to Sausalito, Tiburon, etc.) and Nob Hill - and a cable car line runs in front of the hotel. Given the weather, we walked all over - but even those not disposed to do so will find this hotel most convenient!All in all: a tremendous experience - at a very reasonable price!	
Apr 26 2008 	Extremely comfortable welcoming	I booked this hotel because of the great reviews. It is all true. The decor is lovely, the beds are really cozy and the fitness room is adequate. Best of all is the welcoming staff that is always available to offer suggestions or provide directions.We also really liked the location.	
Apr 24 2008 	Delightful hotel in a great location	We spent four nights at this delightful hotel at the beginning of April. When we arrived we had to wait about 5 mins before the check-in staff were able to attend to us and this resulted in my wife being given a rose and also an upgrade to a very comfortable suite. Although the hotel is in the financial area which is a bit quiet at the weekend, it is ideally situated for most of the tourist areas. Public transportation is also very accessible from the hotel.The hotel has a very pleasant restaurant and bar, however I feel the cost of the meals in the restaurant was a bit excessive and the signature giant honey glazed carrot which seemed to accompany most of the meals was a bit wasted on us. On the last night we decided to stay in the bar as we had spent the day on a very enjoyable wine tour to the Napa valley. On this occasion we chose a bar meal which was extremely tasty and far better value for money.Although the cost of the rooms is expensive during the week, it is possible to get a good deal for Fri/Sat/Sun nights but I would recommend contacting the hotel directly. I would certainly stay at this hotel again and would recommend it.	
Apr 17 2008 	A very nice hotel	This was overall a very nice hotel, in the financial district, which was nice, as it is much more mellow on the weekend. Service was very good, but I would say this hotel is probably a bit overrated. Some sites mistakenly say it has a jacuzzi, which it DOESN'T. The rooms are nice (old world style), room service is very helpful (as were all the people at front desk, bellmen, valets etc.) but the sheets were a bit on the rough side, the shower was average (and I'm being nitpicky here).Don't get me wrong: this is a VERY nice hotel. But if you're expecting the ultimate luxury with the very soft sheets, fancy bathrooms, for those aspects, I'd say it wasn't quite up to par with a five star hotel...	
Apr 17 2008 	Loved the Omni San Francisco	I really enjoyed my 2 night stay at the Omni last weekend. The hotel is very beautiful and historic from the outside and the location is excellent to explore the city. We easily walked to Chinatown and Embarcadero. Broadway, which offers the nightlife, is also a short distance away. Public transportation is also very accessible from the hotel.The lobby is really very pretty. The staff is very sweet and helpful. They always have a smile on their face. Our room was clean and very comfortable and tastefully decorated. It also overlooked Montgomery, which was nice.The only downfall about the hotel was the internet connection. WiFi was only available if you took your laptop to a certain location in the lobby. If you wanted a connection in your room it had to be done with a cable connection in the desk and the cost was $15 per day.We never ate at the hotel so I cannot comment on the quality of the food. But overall, I really enjoyed my stay at the Omni. I would not hesitate to stay there again when I return to San Francisco.	
Apr 15 2008 	loved the omni	We booked into the omni hotel after reading the trip advisor and expedia which I might add are my travel bibles. The web sites did not let us down.We were after quiet, gracious accommodation that epitimised San Francisco, and it was ordered.The hotel was everything we thought would make our San Francisco trip worthwhile. The room was well appointed and very quiet, the bar was very cosy and bar staff attentive. The breakfast was enjoyable and the counter staff were spot on in their recommendations for restaurants.As seasoned travellers I would thoroughly recommend this hotel , although it was in the financial district it did not deter in any way from transporting to all the hot spots, eg food, tourist areas etc.	
Apr 14 2008	Nice not dazzling	Meh. After reading all the glowing reviews here, I expected more during my two week stay. The good: The member program is well worth signing up for -- the hot chocolate from complimentary morning beverage service is dense and European-style and comes with whipped cream and cinnamon marshmallows. Umbrellas in the lobby when it's raining outside.Gym is solid, with ellipticals and free weights.Get Fit kit.Most of the staff is attentive (hit or miss though). Seem way more responsive to families with little kids.Great location, decent steakhouse downstairs.The bad:Wireless internet connection blows.Can't leave tip on credit card.My shower curtain had mold on it.O.J. is not fresh-squeezed.Inconsistent housekeeping.Room set up in such a way that trying to close the door of TV armoire resulted in almost knocking over the lamp on nearby desk.Overall, can definitely tell the difference between a four star and a five star hotel.	
Apr 11 2008 	Good stay at the Omni	Stayed Saturday night, the first day of our vacation at the Omni. Our room was on the 6th floor overlooking California St. It was quite comfortable and quiet although I don't know if it would be as quiet during the work week with much more traffic going by. Easy walk to Chinatown and the financial district. The California Cable car line runs right in front of the hotel. Easy connection to the Hyde and Powell line which takes you to Fisherman's Wharf area, Chinatown and Lombard Street. You can buy a day pass at the front desk. Our $200 rate included a Deluxe Room and valet parking ($45 otherwise.) and we thought this was reasonable for San Francisco. We were quite comfortable during our stay.	
Apr 10 2008	Pleasant stay	We spent a long weekend at this hotel and found it to be a very pleasant place, particularly for San Francisco. Everything is gleaming, and in good taste. The staff is excellent; when we asked to have the feather pillows and feather blanket removed due to my wife's allergy, someone was completed the task rapidly and pleasantly. The location is great, with about a bazillion restaurants an easy walk from the hotel. The concierge knows what he's talking about and was very helpful. The apples and apple cider available in the late afternoon was very welcoming. You get street noise if your room faces california Street, so I would ask for a quiet room in the back and/or a room on the top floors. I would also self-park at the St. Mary's garage a very short walk away to avoid the steep valet parking charge.	
Apr 7 2008 	Just returned from an excellent 10 day stay at a truly world class hotel!	We just returned from a 10 day family vacation to San Francisco where we enjoyed 2 connecting rooms at this exquisite hotel. Every moment spent at the San Francisco Omni Hotel was truly a pleasure! I could not have expected more from our entire experience at this hotel. From the timely communication about the reservation and on-line check-in options, the attentive and warm reception received from each staff member at the time of arrival, the wonderful daily amenities received as simply being a member of the FREE Select Guest program, impeccable housekeeping, exceptional dining through room service and Bob's restaurant, the special kid's program that allowed my daughter to feel just as special as we did each and every day...this hotel has all the bases covered! If you wish for your stay in San Francisco to be a true pleasure for both business and personal travel, you will not be disappointed by staying at this truly world class hotel!	
Apr 5 2008 	A Lovely Stay at the Omni	Very impressed with the online check in. We arrived after a long flight and as we had already &quot;checked in&quot; after receiving the offer to check in via email, so we were able to just collect our key and go straight to our room without having to wait to speak to anybody.Our room was beautifully furnished and we couldn't believe how quiet it was given that the Hotel is on a main road. The location is excellent, cable car runs along the road outside the Hotel and it is only a short walk to the shops in Union Square.I agree with a previous reviewer re the cost of breakfast - a little over priced - probably worth a wander to a nearby cafe. This is a Hotel that feels initmate and cosy, it retains a very classical San Francisco look - nicely done.	
Apr 3 2008	Great deal for the money	We stayed in Omni for 2 nights during spring break. They upgraded us to 16th floor which was supposed to have free internet but it was not clear how to get this and we got free internet through their Select membership (another great tip from TripAdvisor), it was spotty but not too bad. The room was not big but nice. Comfortable beds, outstanding linens and blankets. The shower pressure was good too. Nice touches like chocolates, bathrobes, good San Francisco map in the room. I tried to share the bed with my 6 year old, but didn't sleep well, and on the second night I requested a rollaway bed. It was also very nice and they didn't charge us for it. The toilet paper holder broke but was promptly fixed. We didn't go to the restaurant, too expensive. Cafe de la Presse, recommended by one of the reviewer, is a nice spot for breakfast, or you can walk to the Ferry building marketplace.All in all, I might have given it 4 stars if we had really paid the average price listed here, but we paid only $144 a night through Expedia, and compared with other CA hotels where we stayed during this trip for similar price, Omni was clearly in a different league.	
Apr 3 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Omni for four nights and had a great experience. I was attending a business conference, but arrived a day early to see the sights. My husband also came along, and we both loved the service at the hotel. All members of the staff were very attentive and accommodating, from the doormen to the front desk to housekeeping. The room was clean and comfortable and very quiet - no problems with noise. I would definitely stay at the Omni again.	
Apr 2 2008 	Comfortable Stay stay on a weekend!	The lobby is opulent and the staff were lovely. The bedroom was spacious and the decor is high end and not shabby but a little old fashioned. The bed was very comfortable and very quiet ensuring a good nights sleep. We stayed for four nights over a weekend period and when we asked about extending our stay for a further night (Tuesday night) we were disappointed to learn that the rate was double what we had paid for our previous four nights and resulted in us checking into another hotel in the San Francisco area. The buffet breakfast is expensive (breakfast for three cost €90). The bar is lovely and very well decorated and a little music would have created an ambience here. However, overlooking this we had a lovely stay in this hotel and would recommend it.	
Mar 30 2008	Nice but....	We stayed at the Omni for two nights (3/20 &amp; 3/21) and were immediately impressed by the service upon our arrival. Also, the lobby of the hotel was magnificent. We had a Deluxe Room/Parking arrangement which was very economical ($200 per night plus Expedia fees which were a little high) and our request for a quiet room was certainly honored. The downsides: while the staff at the Omni is Excellent (with a capital e), it is obvious that they've been a victim of the &quot;more with less&quot; phenomenon currently plaguing the U.S. There was a false fire alarm which occurred which, while not they're fault, delayed our sightseeing as we had locked our camera in our room safe and the safe refused to open. When we informed the front desk, they assured us security would be up shortly. This took almost half an hour and two more calls. It would have been much better if we'd been kept advised as to the progress of security. More importantly, though, it would have been much better if there had been more than one security person available. This became a recurring theme of our stay. We had plumbing issues and it took, again, about half an hour for someone to come. I asked the front desk about whether one of our bags had arrived; they said they'd call me to advise me. When I never got a call, I had to call them again and inferred, from the desk clerk's apology, they'd forgotten to call me.Lastly, while our room was quiet, it was a bit run-down (carpet frayed/stained); is this how these &quot;discount&quot; rooms become available to the common masses?	
Mar 29 2008 	One Of the Best	Stayed here at the end of a long trip around the USA and have to say it was just wonderful. All the staff were very friendly and helpful, especially the doorman and front desk staff - even when I forgot my room number! The bed was so comfortable and the room very high quality. I can't recommend this hotel highly enough for comfort and service, can't wait to go back.	
Mar 23 2008 	Omni Hotel 500 California	Our family stayed at the Omni for our spring break this year which was March17th-21st. Great service, excellent location in San Francisco and a clean and wonderful room. Our kids, ages 11 and 7, loved the attention from the staff. We loved the location to all the attractions in San Francisco. I would highly recommend the Omni. Only down side was the water pressure in the shower.	
Mar 22 2008 	loved the omni	We stayed at the Omni in December 2007. Overall it's a great location, the rooms and general decor in the hotel is of a high standard. The hotel staff are really helpful. The breakfast is very good and the bar in the hotel is popular and good value	
Mar 17 2008	Great place to give your car a chance to be stolen	The hotel may have received a top rating for service overall, but the front of the house service is sorely lacking, the doorman, the valet and bell service. One of the jobs is to keep the area in front of the hotel open for guests checking in. When we arrived the area was full of empty limos and service people not doing much of anything. We parked further up and had to walk back to get help with the car and it seemed like I was putting them out. The real problem occurred the next day when we leaving to go shopping to find the car at the curb, (furthest from the front door) unlocked with the keys in the visor and the only staff around was the doorman, who was busy on his cell phone, not paying much attention to anything. When asked, why my car was out there, he said &quot;I don't know, someone must have called for it&quot;. No one was concerned or seemed disturbed that my car was out front unlocked with the keys in it, not even the manager who was on duty at the time. I was told that they got the number wrong when someone else called down for their car, the radios have static. I was assured that there was no way that someone else could have taken my car, they check the numbers. The next day when I checked out, I called for the car, I gave them the number, no one asked my name, no one referred to me by name. When I went out front to retrieve my car the valet asked and pointed, &quot;Is that your car?&quot; He never asked my name or checked the number. Now, tell me, how safe to you feel leaving your car at the Omni in San Francisco? Do you feel lucky? My next trip will find me back at the Mark Hopkins.	
Mar 17 2008 	Loved the Omni and SF!	This review is late in coming but as it was one year ago today that we were in SF for our anniversary it made me think of it. I LOVED the Omni (not super modern) and the service was excellent. They upgraded us to a top floor room, with rose petals and wash clothes in the shape of a heart for our anniversary with no charge. The only complaint was the kids in the room next door hanging out their window, smoking half the night. But that was not the Omni's fault. The door men were great and the location was convenient to most of what we wanted to see. Would definitely go back.	
Mar 5 2008 	Omni-licious	We recently stayed for my young daughters birthday. I was a little nervous because I did not know how they would recieve a us since we had a young child. But that was allieviated when we entered the room and there was a chocolate cake , milk and a birthday card waiting for her. She was so excited!! From the time you walk in the staff is so welcoming and friendly. The room was clean, elegant ,quiet and comfortable. Room service was expensive but prompt and friendly. The beds were so comfortable we stayed in on a Friday night. The staff really do their best to accomodate your every night.Cons: The Wolfgang Puck coffee that is supplied in the room. You can avoid this by becoming a Select member.. and you will get free coffee and newspaper in the morning. This was an inside hint that I got on from this site.Suggestions: Would like them to give a little freebie like other hotels i.e. wine and cheese or continental breakfast.Overall I loved it and can't wait to go back.	
Mar 3 2008 	Fantastic experience	I don't know where to begin. This hotel from start to finish was amazing. By far the best service I have ever experienced anywhere. The reservation process was smooth and easy and it just got better once we arrived. The staff at the Omni really goes that extra mile to impress their guests. It was my mom's 60th birthday and they had champagne and a lovely piece of cake waiting for us when we returned from our day in the city. The door man was so charming, he handed my mom a rose and told her happy birthday. The check in process was quick and efficient. We arrived early and had no problem getting our room. I requested the lowest floor available, the man at the front desk was very helpful and friendly. Our room was beautiful and comfortable. The beds are super soft and the bathroom was very nice as well (huge tub, nice bath products!). The hotel provided a black towncar to take us to dinner, the driver was helpful and also very nice. My only regret was that we only had one night at the Omni. I can't wait to return with my husband on our next trip to SF. We visit the city 3-4 times per year and the Omni is most definitely my favorite hotel ever. It is a very short walk to Union Square (about 10 minutes) and the cable cars run in front of this hotel. North Beach is also very close. I can't say enough good things about this hotel and would highly recommend staying here! It just goes to show you that there are still places out there that put the customer first and go that extra mile to make their guests happy. Bravo Omni..	
Feb 28 2008 	Nice place but no internet...	We had a great weekend getaway planned and were looking forward to our stay at the Omni. The valet parking is 51.00/day but we were directed to a garage up the street for a weekend rate of 7/day. Nice downtown location withing walking distance of shopping and dining. Lobby and restaurant were very nice. My wife's martini was $15 and my beer was about $7. Don't drink too much there. The room we had had a great king bed, super comfy. Old style TV set looked out of place but worked fine. Immaculate rooms and very nice appointments. We were disappointed that our in-room high speed internet did not work. Called customer support 2x but no dice. Mentioned it to the front desk people and they shrugged it off as no big deal and didn't offer to try to make it right for us. Needless to say we didn't get any work done in the evenings but I guess that it wasn't meant to be. So all in all we had a good time at an upscale hotel with crappy internet service.	
Feb 25 2008 	Well run property	Spent a two night stay at the Omni San Francisco in January 2008. As a member of their frequent guest program I was sent a coupon for 1/2 off the weekend rate and was able to use it. The staff is excellent. From the on-the-spot front doormen to the absolutely perfect front desk clerk (Bridget? not sure but hope that's correct) I couldn't have been more impressed. Because it was our first stay at this property we were upgraded to a Signature room. The room was beautiful and spotless. Very upscale furnishings and fabrics. The Pecksniff's and Moulton Brown toiletries were much appreciated. Mornings we received complimentary coffee and fresh squeezed OJ delivered to the door along with a newspaper. That perk is yours if you sign up with Omni's frequent guest program online. Overall the hotel was in top notch condition and kept spotless. We enjoyed breakfast both mornings in the dining room. As it usually is with hotel dining rooms the prices were pretty steep for breakfast. However, it was convenient for us and worked out fine. Having lived in San Francisco I would say that the location is definitely geared to the business travelers. It is located in the financial district and is a short walk to the more touristy areas, such as Union Square. The Omni offered us complimentary town car service to Davies Symphony hall which was a very nice surprise! Overall we were treated very well. This was one of the finest properties we've stayed in and it's no surprise it's rated number one in San Francisco. Would return without hesitation.	
Feb 16 2008 	Why I'll never stay at another Omni Hotel	Just a short note to explain to you why I will never stay in another Omni Hotel.I reserved a Signature Room at the Omni San Francisco Hotel through Hotels.com for 4 nights, arriving August 31 and leaving September 4, 2007.When I arrived at the hotel I was informed that they had over-booked their rooms. I was told that I would be put in a lower cost standard room, a room without the Signature Room complimentary services. Needless to say, I was not happy about paying the Signature price for the lower cost room, this because I had paid in advance.When I complained, I was offered a free breakfast. After I refused to accept the room they had offered, I was finally given a Signature Room. No doubt some other poor schmuck got stuck paying top dollar for a standard room. A first-class hotel would never have suggested downgrading a paying customer, regardless of how or how much they paid. But then, Omni isn’t a first-class hotel.Once I had checked into my Signature accommodations, everything was fine except for one minor detail. On Monday morning, September 3, while entering the bathroom in my suite, I stepped on a carpet nail that was protruding upward out of the carpet in front of the bathroom door. I didn’t think I needed to be concerned about walking barefoot in my own room, not in a first-class hotel.I wasn’t as angry about being injured by Omni’s negligence as I was by their response. When I contacted the front desk and explained that a nail had punctured my toe and that I was bleeding profusely, their staff offered me a band-aid. Given the fact that I was in pain and limping, given the fact that I now had to contact my doctor to find out when I last had a tetanus shot, given the fact that I now had to worry about catching some horrible disease from the last person who impaled themselves on their carpet nail - I would have expected a first-class hotel to be more consolatory than to offer me a band-aid.After I returned to my room, the Omni staff sent me a note stating that they were unable to find the nail that had injured me. They insisted that I point out the nail to their building engineer, which I did. As their building engineer was pounded the offending nail back into the floor, he stated that he discovered 2 more nails protruding upward out of the carpet in the same general area. I wasn’t aware that I was entering a “mine field” when I checked into the Omni hotel.But the final straw occurred as I was checking out of the hotel. The desk clerk inquired as to my stay. I explained the whole sordid tale, the nail, the blood, the limping, everything. I then asked what was the best way to get to the Oakland Airport. To add insult to injury, she suggested that I walk 4 blocks to the BART station.Once I returned home, I contacted the Omni management to complain. The hotel manager promised to send me a voucher for several free nights stay. This never happened. A first-class hotel manager would have been a man of his word.But then, Omni isn’t a first-class hotel.	
Feb 9 2008	Nice hotel Annoying fees	I stayed here overnight on a quick business trip to San Francisco. The room and service were quite good.For tourists paying their own way, however, the extra fees are excessive. The business center is deficient, and the fees for using the computer and fax machine are high. Mini bar charges are also excessive. Breakfast at the hotel restaurant was good but also overpriced -- $25 for a basic eggs, toast etc. As is usual with high-end hotels, the extra costs are excessive and annoying.	
Feb 8 2008 	Great hotel with a luxurious feel - Not really for tourists	This property feels very luxurious, and the rates aren't bad either.Nice lobby, accomodating and friendly front desk staff. Rooms are very comfortable with soft beds and great bathroom amenities. The shower was great too (good water pressure, which I find is often a problem). Decor was classy.Windows in room don't keep out any street noise, but at least they opened to let some fresh air in. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to tourists - it's in the financial district and I found I needed to walk quite a bit to even find restaurants that were open for dinner past 7:00 PMI had trouble with the in-room internet - the hotel was not helpful. Other than that, I had a great stay.	
Feb 4 2008	Absolutely Fantastic Stay	We checked in for a one night stay - the Front Desk staff was extremely accommodating and allowed us early check in (and late check out). The room was lovely and very comfortable. The Concierge was great! He recommended wonderful restaurants in the area for our lunch that day. We had an evening performance 6 blocks away (all up hill) and he arrranged a complimentary towncar ride to the event.The Omni has a computer room and allowed us to do electronic flight checkin and print our boarding pass at no charge.Our breakfast in the Hotel restaurant (Bob's Steak House) was fantastic with the service rated above a 10. An early dinner in the Bar prior to leaving for the airport was equally marvelous. Best steak I have ever had (albiet quite pricey). Worth every cent.I'd stay there again in a heartbeat and, in fact, may plan a trip back in the spring and will definietly stay at the Omni.	
Jan 30 2008 	Beautiful/Quiet	The Omni Hotel is beautiful and quiet. Now this isn't the Four Seasons, but it is still along the same lines. Rooms were spacious and elegant and very comftoable and inviting. They even have turn down service in the evening, which is an added bonus. The best thing about this place was the gym. All I can say is awesome!!!! The lighting is great, the equipment was top notch, well taken care of by staff, stocked with towls, headphones, water, etc. AWESOME!Only drawback is that it is a little pricey to say the least. Items in room are a plenty, but it will cost you. My suggestion is to leave those kinds of things alone. LoL I would stay here again.	
Jan 29 2008 	First Class Hotel	My wife and I got to escape our lives and children for one night thanks to Grandma. We decided to stay at tripadvisor's #1 pick. We agree. The Omni is truly remarkable. The hotel itself is beautiful. Our room was spectacular. The shower had two heads plus two coming off the wall. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the place was super clean. We got the California Suite / Sweet deal. They brought us amazing chocolates while we were napping. Then we showered and went out for dinner. When we came back, the bed was made and our used towels had already been replaced. They left even more chocolates by the bedside. I've never been treated so well and we stay at a lot of nice places. This place is top notch!	
Jan 28 2008 	Beautiful hotel	The Omni is a lovely hotel with exceptional service. We loved everything, down to the bath products, which I have been special ordering since our visit. The location is convenient- close to trolley lines and Chinatown, plus cabs are easily available in front of the hotel. At check in we were treated with kind attention and our 5 year old son appreciated the special kid's gift packet, full of goodies and activities. We also thought is was a nice touch to have milk and cookies brought to our room every afternoon (although a bit close to dinner time). Our only complaint is the lack of a pool, which nearly led us to another location. We chose to book at the Omni anyway, since it was the site of the meeting we were attending. Overall, it's a great hotel and they do their best to welcome young children.	
Jan 28 2008 	They surpassed my expectations!	I wrote a review recently regarding my stay last year in September and as you can see, the experience was amazing. After such a great stay I knew that I had to come back to the Omni, and I am so glad that I did. Let me share my wonderful weekend with you.We came to celebrate my fiance's birthday. I made sure to let the Omni know during my reservations and when I spoke with the concierges to arrange for some cider to be sent up to the room. On our way to the hotel I realized we would like a DVD player in our room and when I talked with them I was informed that we wouldn't have to worry about asking for a DVD player because we had been upgraded to a suite (which included a DVD player)! The weather was pretty nasty the day we arrived, but we made it there (sopping wet, but still...). Greeted warmly by the door-man I got my keys and we headed to our suite. It was on the 7th floor, and at first I was disappointed because I had requested a high floor, until I opened the door to our room.The suites have a separate sitting room with a couch and two sitting chairs, as well as a desk and entertainment system set-up (I will post pictures shortly after the review is posted). The stereo was turned on, playing some soft classical music as we entered the room. The ambiance was magnificent. On the table were THREE separate greeting cards, wishing warm birthday wishes to my fiance', inviting us to ask for anything we need to be comfortable, as well as a personally written greeting card from the general manager! This is why the Omni San Francisco won top honors for best service in the United States! Within minutes of settling in there came another knock at the door. My fiance' and I were both surprised to see in-room dining had sent up a slice of chocolate birthday cake! It was very good and we were wondering if they planned to spoil us rotten all weekend. While there were no more additional amenities, the Omni, as always, was very fast and professional with any and all requests that I made. The night that we arrived, for example, I called the front desk to ask for recommendations for a good italian restaurant. The concierge I spoke to (Justin I believe was his name) was very friendly and recommended the North Beach restaurant/area, stating that there were numerous italian restaurants in the area that we could choose from. We took him up on it and sure enough we found a charming little place called Franchino's to have dinner. Our room also came with free breakfast each morning we were there. I've heard mixed reviews about the restaurant from other people, but I thought that the breakfast was very good. Granted that it came with my room and I didn't have to pay anything except for the tip. I'm not sure I would say the same if I actually paid the 25 dollars for the breakfast. Still, as an amenity to a hotel-room package, the breakfast is very good.If there was one thing that I had to say that was not the best experience during this last stay, it was that Cabs were hard to come by this time. I heard something about local taxi services boycotting the Omni, but I'm not sure if that was true or not. Whatever it was, many cabs dropped off their customers and just sped off rather than pick up people waiting in the cab line. So, my fiance' and I did a lot more walking than we probably planned to.Still, if you requested a copy of the 2007 rewards for hotels, you will see the Omni San Francisco won a number of honors. Ranking in at #34 worldwide in Luxury hotels, #3 in U.S Luxury Hotels, Best in the San Francisco Destination (of the top 25), #4 in World- Customer Service and #1 in U.S- Customer Service. That's not the chain, it's this branch! To any Omni San Francisco staff reading this review, thank you so much for making my stay so memorable and I can't wait to come back and visit you again.To anyone visiting San Francisco in the near future: Make your reservations! I can't stress enough how great this hotel is. Affordable luxury, amazing customer service and a great location makes the Omni San Francisco your best bet in this very large city.Happy travels!	
Jan 22 2008 	Very Good	I stayed here for two nights in Jan 08 on the way home from a business trip. The reception was excellent, rooms and bahrooms are very good indeed and all the staff set out to please. Its a bit away from the main tourist areas (Union Square and the Wharf) but thats no bad thing. Its a 10 min walk to Union Square, and approx a 30 minute walk to Fishermans Wharf through North Beach. Its also about 10 mins walk to the Ferry Builiding where you can pick up the F Line tram. The California line cable car stops outside the door so transport is not a problem if you don't want to walk. I booked through the hotel web site directly as this offered the best deal ($169 per night) I also ate at Bobs Steak and Chop House (the hotel restaurant) on the first night. Very good but not a cheap option (approx $70-$80 a head for two courses and a couple of drinks). San Francisco is a great city and I would certainly stay here again.	
Jan 14 2008 	Nice place the Omni San Fransisco.	We did a 4 week tour of the USA over December/January 2007, with 3 older children (girl, 22, boy, 19 and boy, 18), going to San Francisco [Omni Hotel], Miami (South Beach) [Beacon Hotel], Orlando (Disneyworld, Pop Century Resort), Chicago [Drake Hotel], New York (for Christmas) [Beacon Hotel - unrelated to the Beacon in Miami], Boston [Omni Hotel], New York (again) [Roosevelt Hotel] (including New Year’s Eve at the Renaissance Hotel overlooking Times Square), and a day trip to Niagara Falls. It was sometimes very cosy - sometimes downright stressful - with the kids.Anyway, here are my accommodation reviews. I’ll mention side trips and tours too. Sometimes the accommodation was arranged through a travel agent, but on a couple of occasions I organised it direct. The Omni was arranged through a travel agent in Brisbane, though as usual I had checked with Trip Advisor, and then asked the travel agent to book it when I was satisfied. He got me better rates than going to the hotel direct, too. We were also staying at an Omni in Boston, and as I'd joined the Omni's Select Guest program (free, via the internet), there were advantages to be had. Plus, we'd previously stayed at the Omni in Washington and it was spectacular (my favourite of the 3 Omnis I've stayed in whilst in the USA), so we thought it would be good.We weren't disappointed. Fairly large rooms (we had a double and a triple, though the kids weren't particularly happy at 2 of them having to share a double bed - but then, they're not paying!); interconnecting which was useful. Free internet (I had a laptop) for Select Guest members (if you stay at the Omni, the Select Guest program is recommended - free juice/coffee and newspaper delivered every morning). Very reasonably sized bathroom. In all, very comfortable.It's a grand building with an impressive foyer. We received a lovely sincere welcome from the bell captain on arriving. The hotel is not all the conveniently located, but we were happy to walk and find our way around. Finding cheap restaurants (try feeding 5, including 2 big boys, for 4 weeks straight - you won't be eating at the hotel restaurants very much!) was a bit of a task, but not impossible. Speaking of meals, we fell over Francis Ford Coppola's Italian cafe in Kearney Street on the way back from climbing the Coit tower - it was great. Google it if you are interested. I brought some of the wine back to Australia. We decided to eat there purely on the basis of the menu and the look of the place, then found out who the famous owner was. Recommended purely on the Italian food and the venue, if nothing else.We did a tour of the city (booked through the travel agent), which was absolutely worthwhile. Stopped at good views of the city (from a high lookout), and another spot for views of the Golden Gate Bridge (which the bus drove over). It also included a harbour cruise from Pier 39 at Fisherman's Wharf, which went under the Golden Gate Bridge and circled Alcatraz Island. It's a good way to see the highlights.Our time at the Omni in San Francisco was good - nice rooms and ambience, but not budget accommodation.	
Jan 8 2008	I Love This Hotel!!	This hotel &amp; its' staff gives hotels a good name. It is why i love hotels; the staff is friendly/helpful/courteous/kind (&amp; probably thrifty, brave, etc) from the desk staff to the concierge, bellmen, doormen &amp; maids. The lobby IS like walking into the Titanic (as noted in another review). There are milk &amp; EXCELLENT choc chip cookies left in your room each afternoon plus cider &amp; cookies in the lobby.The rooms are beautiful (in contrast to the Madonna Inn where we had just stayed for a night), the beds are comfy &amp; warm.The parking is EXPENSIVE, ($45/day, i think) but i got a deal on Expedia that INCLUDED parking for ~$10/day. The parking is a block or 2 away but only had to wait 5-10 minutes for the car to be brought around.The area has expensive restaurants (Tadich grill, cafe tiramisu) and less expensive ones (House of Nanking); a terrific place for breakfast is Cafe de la Presse a couple of blocks away--reminds me of Paris. You can walk to everything. I want to go again!	
Jan 6 2008 	Great Hotel in a Wonderful City	Reservations: made through Hotels.comCheck-in: fast and friendly.Room: Spacious quiet well-furnished and exceptionally clean. VERY comfortable bed, nice Television, but no refrigerator in the room. Huge beautiful bathroom.Internet: free in lobby, expensive in the room.Check-out: fast and accurate.Complaint: there is NO self parking and valet parking was $45.00 per night, which is rather expensive even for SF!!!!!	
Jan 2 2008	Classy Place to stay	This was a very classy experience staying at the Omni. I stayed in the California room and which overlooked the city. It was so beautiful. You are also within in walking distance of Chinatown, and Union Square.The staff at this hotel are very attentive and make you feel special. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who can afford to stay here. Although even if you can afford to stay here, it can be competitive at times to find a vacancy.When I return to San Franscisco again in the near future I will definitley stay at the Omni again.	
Dec 31 2007 	Outstanding value - impeccable and great location	We stayed at the Omni for 2 nights (Fri and Sat), taking advantage of the weekend rates.The Omni was a very pleasnt surprise as it is a short few blocks from Union square across from the Bank of America tower. We were able to walk to North Beach for dinner.The rooms are spacious and well appointed with marble countertops and shower. Decorated with great taste throughout. The staff was attentive to details and housekeeping keeps the room absolutely impeccable.I highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 30 2007 	Great stay at the Omni	My fiance and I stayed at the Omni for 1 night. I found the cheapest rates on the Omni Hotel's website. Unfortunately nothing else was cheap. $45/night for parking with unlimited in and out privileges. $70 for a steak. $34 for 3 cocktails. $70 for 3 mediocre martinis and 2 appetizers. The onion rings were pretty bad. There is free wi-fi in the lobby, but $10 for an internet connection in your room. The hotel was beautifully decorated for the holidays. All of the staff were very nice and courteous when we arrived. Security was very helpful when my fiance got locked in the stairwell (you can get into the stairwell, but you need a key to get onto the floors). There was complimentary hot cider and cookies for the guests in the lobby. I especially liked the gingerbread men. The rooms were very nice and spacious (for SF) with marble countertops and high thread count bedding. I loved their bathrobes. When we went back to our room at the end of the night the maid wrote a welcome note and left mint chocolates on the nightstand. The hotel is located in the Financial district so lots of people go to the lobby bar after work. It's a few blocks from Union Square so we took a cab to get around town. I would have given the Omni 5 stars but some of the rates for food were ridiculous and the maids knocked on our door 4 times to clean the room.	
Dec 24 2007 	A great choice whether you're there for business or for romance	It may sound a bit strange, but I think it's true. Perfect for business and for romance too (not so for singles, partiers, families with kids and so on).Elegant, quiet, perfectly located in a very good part of town ... I think the Omni really has it all. It's obsviously not an inexpensive choice, but their rates are very reasonable for what you get.The lobby is beautiful and the rooms extremely clean, quite large and very comfortable, with incredible beds and bathrooms wonderfully appointed with marble and green and black granite. Room service was very good and front desk staff was efficient.One of the definite pluses of the hotel is the express check-out. So efficient, as you bypass the usual check-out procedures (unless you disagree with the price to pay). You gave them your credit card when checking-in, so finding your final bill in an envelope at your door room the final morning and simply leaving is always a great thing.The restaurant is average and quite overpriced, but I guess this is somewhat usual in this kind of properties. It was definitely what I like the least. You don't need to pay such prices for breakfast or dinner, especially considering you will find plenty of fantastic places to eat at reasonable prices in nearby North Beach and all over the city.The location is the very best I could personally ask for. I understand that those who visit San Francisco for the first time usually prefer to stay in Union Square (which, by the way, is within walking distance) or in Fisherman's Wharf (which I would never recommend), but, for me, the area around the Omni is the very best. for the following reasons:a) The area is very nice and you're within walking distance to places such as Union Square, North Beach, Chinatown, the Embarcadero, the cable car turntable, and so on.b) It is very quiet, as it is located at the edge of the financial district.So, when I have enough budget for it, the Omni is, for all those reasons and more, my personal choice in San Francisco, my very favourite city.	
Dec 17 2007 	Great hotel for an anniversary stay	My husband and I decided to splurge on a nice hotel for our third wedding anniversary. We live only an hour from San Francisco, but wanted to eat a nice dinner there, plus we had tickets for a football game the next afternoon. We got a decent price for a one-night stay, and we got more than our money's worth at this very luxurious hotel! The staff was incredibly friendly, the standard room was very comfortable, and it's an overall beautiful place. I liked the complimentary bath robes, and the toiletries in the bathroom smelled wonderful! The bar/lounge is nice, although the bartender on shift at the time was a little stiff. Check-in was quick, although we checked in online ahead of time and they didn't have our folio ready. Loved the warm apple cider and cookies they had available for guests downstairs! The hotel is in a great location near Union Square, although we didn't do any sight-seeing since we just had dinner and the football game in mind for our stay. I can't speak to the restaurant (we had breakfast at Starbucks a couple of blocks away) or the business traveler amenities, but I'm sure they're quite nice.NOTE: Parking is a MAJOR expense at San Francisco hotels, and this one is no exception! We did our homework and found a 24-hour city lot one block up the street to park our car - St. George's Square lot, I believe. We only paid $7 for the night (although I think the cashier made an error...it still would have been cheaper than the $45 the hotel would have charged us for valet).	
Dec 13 2007 	Hotel stay part was great marred by concierge and steakhouse	We were there the day after Thanksgiving. It had a nice upscale feel for a reasonable rate of about $160 for a regular room (Thanksgiving weekend). Perfect if you want something nice that is kid friendly. Our family had a room, and the other family we were traveling with had 2 rooms with connecting doors. Both of our families have children ages 5 to 11. We loved the pretty hotel, decked out for the holidays. We loved its proximity to Chinatown (5 mins walk), and around 10 min walk to Union Square. It was a block away from a Walgreens and McDonalds, which is convenient if you have kids. The children loved their Omni backpacks and the complimentary milk and cookies. The staff is nice and attentive, they clean the room 2x/day. Downside is the concierge. They gave wrong information on restaurants twice - once they gave the wrong address to a restaurant they recommended at the Fisherman's Wharf. Another time they assured (and refused to double check) that a restaurant will be open for Thanksgiving dinner. When we got there, the restaurant was closed. They also were not aware of a fun pack that the Omni loans to kids that contains games and activities and such.For the restaurant in the hotel, Bob's Steakhouse... It was &quot;ok&quot;. One thing a steak purist would frown on is that the steak comes to you with a humongous giant single carrot right in the middle of the plate as if it is the main dish. The steak and the potatoes are to its left and right. Also, the carrot was dripping in glaze that contaminated our steak. When we inquired about this, they said that it is a Bob's Steakhouse signature (putting the carrot in the middle), but you can always ask to put it on the side.	
Dec 9 2007 	Great Hotel in a Great City	My partner and I stayed at the Omni for a long weekend, we are former residents of San Francisco and are well acquainted with The City and all it has to offer. The Omni is ideally located, within walking distance to Union Square (great shopping), Belden Place (great dining) and the Cable Car stops right outside the front door of the hotel. We found the staff to be friendly, accommodating and quite professional, the hotel itself has the feel of a smaller boutique hotel and is an excellent choice for lodging. Definitely plan to stay here again in the near future.	
Dec 8 2007 	Top San Francisco Hotel	Two nights on business. Second time at this excellent hotel. Consider this one of the best chain hotels I've stayed in and one of the best in Sand Francisco. All requests made during reservations are met by the Omni. On the way to airport left cell phone in limo and Lex Doherty, the excellent concierge, arranged for the phone to be sent by FED EX to my home the following morning. Hotel has added touches such as a creative way of giving you a semi-complimentary continental breakfast... coffee and juice are free... with minimal charges for extras. CB is delivered to your room with newspapers without all the formality of room service. They leave at door so you don't have to answer immediately early in the AM. Excellent location and very convient and friendly staff.	
Dec 8 2007 	Beautiful Hotel A+	The hotel is beautiful and the location could not be more perfect! However it is the staff at the Omni that makes this hotel above the rest. Upon our arrival the front desk assisted my daughter and myself to plan tours, directions and transportation for our stay. Joey &quot;suggested&quot; not pushed on several choices based on our interests. As we were in the first few minutes of unpacking in our room, Joey sent complimentary refreshments via roomservice. The extra attention the entire staff including the housekeeping service was beyond our expectations. Rooms are nice, clean and comfortable. Chinatown and Union Square are within walking distance. Other transportation we purchased the 3 day muni pass and rode the trolley and cable cars to every destination on our list. The suggested tours of Muir Woods and Napa Wine Country were awesome. Tower Tours picked us up from the hotel front door, they were well worth every cent. The tour guide named Will was outstanding. It is recommended 100%. We will certainly return to the Omni for our next visit to this fantastic city and would not even consider another hotel. Although we did not dine at Bob's, I regret not having done so. It will be on the list the next visit!	
Dec 7 2007 	bland 	we had great expectations regarding our stay at this hotel after reading all the reviews on tripadvisor. We were also able to book 3 nights at a very good rate through omni's website. There was nothing wrong with this hotel except that it was exceptionally bland. It was comfortable (but so are courtyard hotels) &amp; clean (as you would expect) but it had no zing.Not that we were looking for nightlife but, like much of america, it was so processed it was boring. The front desk staff where ok but lacked any connection with their guests (this is, I admit, very common in the states - &quot;have a happy day&quot;!)When we arrived to the room both my wife &amp; I were glad that we had only paid $135USD not the usual $250-$400, as that was what it was worth.We had just come from the Signature MGM in Las Vegas which knocked us out!	
Nov 28 2007 	Great Place Great Location!	This was the last leg of our Honeymoon (having already been to Vegas and Hawaii) and we were looking for a relaxed atmosphere and comfort and we struck gold again!...The hotel was lovely and clean, the staff friendly and the food excellent in the attached Bobs Steakhouse...hint - try the Massive onion rings..mmmmmm.... just in the right place for you to get to the embarcadero for the F-trams or walking, or turn right to tackle the big ole hills (well worth it!)...Cant fault the place at all!...a perfect end to a perfect honeymoon...S	
Nov 21 2007 	Great Location Nice Hotel	I stayed at the Omni in San Francisco 11/10/07 for 1 night. I have been to San Francisco many, many times and this rates as one of the best hotels I've stayed at. They have a great location, the rooms were above average, and they have a restaurant that is definitely better than most hotel restaurants. (Bob's Chophouse)What prompted me to stay at this Omni for the first time in San Francisco was a free upgrade room pass I received for my horrible stay at the Omni in Austin, TX. I swore after that experience that I wouldn't stay again at an Omni, but wanted to use the upgrade and liked this location. Well, the upgrade (and what I was told I'd receive when I made the reservation) would have been an upgraded courtyard view. That didn't happen...we were given the inferior room anyway with an alley view so they didn't even utilize the upgrade or give us the room promised. If that hadn't occurred my experience would have been rated as &quot;excellent&quot;.	
Nov 20 2007 	Overall a great place to stay	We stayed at the Omni Hotel a family of 4 including 2 small children, for 2 nights. On arrival my children were given a backpacks with gifts from the hotel which they were delighted with, checkin was also very quick and staff friendly. Our room was a deluxe room it was very comfortable, classically decorated and very nicely finished. The lobby area of the hotel is also very grand with beautiful chandliers and staircase. The hotel is a very short walk from china town where we enjoyed a meal one night, the only downside to the hotel was the valet parking, A call had to be made to request your car 20 minutes prior, we did this 4 times during our stay and twice had to wait another 10 minutes also. Parking rates are expensive at 50 dollars a night.This aside the hotel and our room were lovely and all dealings we had with the staff , we found them to be helpful and friendly.	
Nov 10 2007 	excellent	The staff and hotel were superb. Customer service from every staff member was amazing - recommendations for dining and attractions were right on - never too busy to help. The location of the hotel was terrific for walking to many of the prime tourist areas - safe and secure. Our room on the 5th floor was opulent.	
Nov 8 2007 	Excellent service	This is an excellent quality hotel right in the heart of SF. The service from all staff was superb, location good, bar &amp; restaurant great and so on!!This was just a quick one night stay before flying back to Europe. I was intrigued by the &quot;most romantic hotel in SF&quot; label when searching as we were at the end of our Honeymoon. Truth is it's a chain hotel that pretends not to seek out the corporate clients even though there were plenty of them. However, unlike so many other big name chains, the Omni seems to treat it's private guests very specially going that little step further for customer service. (Too often I find the chains trying to get the corporate money and just neglect those of us that want a nice hotel).Lots of nice little touches too numerous to mention here means I shall return here (and to any other Omni).And was it romantic? - Well this is not a boutique hotel - it's a large-ish city centre hotel. But given those constraints - surprisngly yes!	
Nov 4 2007	Great Rooms Great Management OK Location (for us)	We stayed at the Omni based on reviews and overall pricing compared to other similarly rated large Hotels in San Francisco. We arrived quite late on a Thursday evening (9:30pm Pacific) due to our flight from Atlanta. We had booked online and I had asked for an upper level no-smoking room. There was no availability for either unfortunately I was told and initially we were placed in a smoking-permitted floor and room. I called the front-desk to ask if any accomodation could be made. The night manager, a wonderful person named Ellen K., indicated she would have us moved to another deluxe room that was non-smoking if we didn't mind moving to another room on our third day/night's stay. This was fine with us. Ellen subsequently called back a few minutes later and said the third night would be an upgraded deluxe suite room on an upper floor because of the trouble (at no extra charge of course). The entire stay was extremely nice, the BellHop area held an extra bag for us for three days while we went to Big Sur in a Miata and provided the bag as needed. Overall a great customer service environment. And the rooms/beds/furnishing was top-notch. The only possible knock is that the hotel is in the financial district. The night-life areas, such as Union Square and North Beach, are within a few blocks walking distance so this is a minor point-of-note. Don't wear heels like my wife did though.	
Oct 25 2007 	Top Notch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	The hotel was top notch all the way. From express check in upon late evening arrival, to complimentary coffee, juice and paper delivered every morning to the room.The room was elegant and the bed comfortable. The bathroom was fantastic with wonderful toiletries.The workout room was private, just the right size and had complimentary water and fruit at all times.To top it all off, upon checkout they offered to take us via their Lincoln Town Car to our car rental agency in lieu of us taking a taxi.Would definetely stay here again!	
Oct 24 2007	Horrible Experience with the Management	My stay at the Omni San Francisco started out poorly when I requested a double room (with two double beds) but received a queen room (with one queen). I asked for a rollaway bed, and ages later received a ridiculous inflatable bed not suitable for a comfortable night’s sleep. I managed, but it was very uncomfortable. The worst part, however, came after my stay when I had a $300 charge on my credit card. I called to inquire about the charge and they proceeded to tell me it was for room damage. I had no idea what they were talking about and after further investigation, they told me there was a hole in the wall of the room we stayed in. I of course asked for the manager to call me, and was extremely taken aback at how I was treated. He was pompous and rude and immediately accused me of putting the hole in the wall. He assured me there was no way his staff would have missed the hole and rented out a room in such a state. I told him that they did, and that my friend (who I immediately phoned afterwards) actually saw the hole – but forgot to mention it to me (it was at the bottom of the wall near the baseboard in the hallway near the door, making it easy to miss). After I relayed this to the manager, he made a snide remark about how guests of his hotel are high-class and would call and complain if they received a room with a hole in the wall. Having no idea of the consequences of not reporting the hole, my friend didn't feel he needed to say anything and thus I never knew about it. The manager was horribly condescending and from his last remark implied that I was not a high-class guest and ‘didn’t belong’ at his hotel. I again assured him that the hole was not from me and he had no proof. He again insisted that his staff does not make mistakes and would never rent out a room with a hole in the wall. I was not going to budge and insisted that he reverse the charge. After going back and forth for awhile, he finally succumbed and reversed the charge. However, I was left with a bad taste in my mouth. I should not have had to defend my honor, and I knew he thought I was lying even after he reversed the charge. Even though I got the charge reversed, I still didn’t feel like I won. This hotel should not be four-star, as four-star hotels would never treat their guests like this. The Omni San Francisco is a third-rate hotel with mediocre customer service and horrible management. Yes, it was bad luck that I got that room, but my experience with the management was enough to make me write this review and encourage travelers to stay somewhere else.	
Oct 18 2007	Excellent Service	I have to say I am probably one of the most pickiest individuals with food and service. I will say the Omni surpassed my expectations. The rooms are nice enough (the beds, furniture, and TV) could be updated with more modern furnishings, but after that, the hotel is not only in a great location but their staff is extremely customer oriented and surpasses what you would get at any other hotel. I had one small problem with a smoker being in the room before me and the staff bent over backwards to get the problem corrected and comped a breakfast (with me asking) for the hassle. The check in was very easy and the food and drink in the bar was very good.I was very pleased and would stay there again.	
Oct 18 2007 	Great staff great location	Location - - just a few blocks from Nob Hill (Cable Car Museum, Grace Cathedral and fabulous views), China Town and Union Square! The cable car stops at the corner just outside the hotel.The architecture in the Financial district is also gorgeous. That said, it is the Financial district and there is not much open on the weekend. (even Starbucks is closed on Sat and Sun!) You'll need to walk a few blocks for a coffee on the weekend.Staff - - The front desk staff is pleasant and very helpful. The door staff is fantastic. They give stellar directions, hail cabs in driving rain and even secured us a ride in an 'off duty' limo. Housekeeping is quick and thorough and very nice.	
Oct 12 2007 	Terrific hotel in San Francisco	Omni is in the business district of San Francisco on California St. The room was very comfortable for 2, clean and quiet. Service was excellent. Bob's Chop House had breakfast that ran $25 but there is a Subway across the street. The restaurant seems to cater to the Business Lunch crowd. The concierge recommended a 3 day transit pass for $18. We walked out the door and literally stepped on a cable car. In other areas people were waiting 20 minutes to do the same.Concierge also recommended we take a city tour from Tower Tours . It too was excellentI'd stay there again.	
Oct 8 2007 	Excellent hotel in quiet location	Hotel lived up to the Omni reputation from check in through to check out. Room was clean and standard high - toiletries were top notch!! Location is in the financial district so not too much on the doorstep but all within easy distance and trolley right outside the door. No panhandlers outside which for SF is a blessing!Restaurant looked good and is recommended in guides but we didn't eat there as it is very pricy. The bar was expensive too but cosy and relaxing.Staff were very helpful and you could even buy a MUNI pass (highly recommend for value and convenience) at the desk.We were celebrating our 10th anniversary and at check in I was given a red rose and in our room was complimentary champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. Beautiful touch and greatly appreciated after a long flight.	
Oct 1 2007 	Solid Four Star Property	Great location on California Street, centrally located to the financial district, Chinatown, and Union Square. It's right across the street from the Bank of America building, which helps you find the hotel if you're not familiar with San Francisco streets.Check in was very professional and courteous. I was able to secure an early check in at 10:00 am. It's a mid-sized property, compact, yet business smart and understated luxurious. Getting from your room to one of the conference rooms takes only a couple of minutes at most. Elevators are fast. Rooms are average sized, very comfortable, with nice bedding. Lighting is excellent for in-room working. Bathroom was upscale with granite counters, marble floor, large mirror, nice lighting, make up mirror, scale, and a roomy bathtub. Upscale bath amenities are provided. The banquet food was excellent and well-prepared. Did not try room service or restaurants. Express checkout made my departure smooth and quick.	
Sep 30 2007 	Good value	Nice, clean rooms. Very efficient and friendly check-in and check-out. Excellent value. The steaks at Bob's downstairs are indeed terrific, and so are the views from the top floor of the Bank of America building opposite.	
Sep 26 2007 	Four stars feels like five...	My husband and I stayed at the Omni for our first anniversary and loved it! The staff was SO nice from the moment we walked in the door. They were happy to help and full of information.The location is perfect. It's an easy walk to China Town and Little Italy. It's also about a 10 minute walk to Embarcadero shopping.The rooms were great. We had a small suite, and the toilettries were upscale products that I've only seen in Neiman Marcus. The rooms are very clean and the bed was really comfortable.The hotel restaurant is Bob's Steak and Chop House. There is no wireless internet available - in the room or in the lobby.I would absolutely recommend the Omni to anyone interested in a fairly luxurious hotel experience.	
Sep 20 2007 	Faultless	After two weeks travelling we stayed for three nights here. Uniformly good service from staff. Rooms were welcoming &amp; spacious without being too impersonal. Teenagers got cookies each night, we got an ice-bucket filled and chocolates.Good clean bathrooms. Interconnecting rooms a plus. Surprisingly quiet for central location. Walkable to main shopping &amp; to China town restaurants. On cable car route. Don't bother with valet parking it is only one block to easy parking. Take a cable for the internet. Small but pleasant bar.	
Sep 15 2007 	Excellent Hotel	My husband and I stayed for 3 nights at the Omni in San Francisco and we were so impressed with this hotel, we were compelled to write about it. The price is so affordable that you really don't expect to be 'wowed' by the hotel. But our expectations were far exceeded.The service of every staff member we came in contact with was exemplary. The Front Desk personnel were so helpful in recommending restaurants, transportation, etc. They even booked a (future) dinner for us at a restaurant in Napa Valley, which was the next leg of our vacation.The Front Desk personnel, Bellboys, the Doormen, the Housekeeping staff---every single person treated us like royalty. Our room was perfectly clean when we arrived, the front desk staff went out of their way to see that we had a room with a view, and they always followed up by phone to make sure we received whatever service we had requested. Additionally, the location of the Omni is ABSOLUTELY excellent. We walked EVERYWHERE. To the Ferry Building every day, to Pier 39, Fisherman's Wharf, to Ghiaradelli Square, to Lombard Street, to dinner each night. We never had to take a taxi or other type of transportation. Granted, some of the walks were steep uphill climbs, but that was part of the inate charm of the city. What a fantastic, albeit short time we had in San Francisco. And many thanks to the Omni for making our stay so thoroughly enjoyable. Steve and Tammy Lunn, Laytonsville, Maryland	
Sep 15 2007 	Great location	The hotel had a great location - we walked to North Beach, China Town, the Ferry building and shopping in downtown and felt safe in the area. They switched out their room service menus 1/2 way through our stay and the prices went from reasonable to pretty expensive. R/S was always on time and they were friendly.Our room was small with two double beds, one chair and a desk but it was well kept and housekeeping was very good. Our room was by an elevator on the 8th floor so I was a bit worried that it would be noisy but it was very quite. Service was good in the hotel but sometimes the door staff was a bit too casual.We ate one night in the bar off of the lobby and the food was good as was the service. We also ate at the Market Bar down by the Ferry building twice - once for lunch and once for brunch. It was great and had inside and outside seating available. The Ferry building also had some great gourmet food stores and retail shops. We had dinner at Home in the Lower Haight area and it was very good. It had simple food and a nice atmosphere.Overall the hotel was a great jumping off location to most points in the city and it was a hassle free stay in a safe location.	
Sep 13 2007 	Perfect Service at the Omni	We stayed at the Omni San Francisco for 3 nights at the Labour Day weekend.It was the last stop of our honeymoon to the US and we couldn't have made a better choice.We were upgraded to a Bay View Room on the top floor (17th floor).My wife was given a rose at check in, they brought us a bottle of champaign and chocolate-coated strawberries and had arranged our bathrobes with another rose the first evening.Room service was simply outstanding.I highly recommend joining the free OMNI Select Guest programme which entitles you to complimentary WIFI, beverage and newsparer service.Staff was charming, attentive and helpful with the exception of one gruffy bellman.Dined once at Bob's Steakhouse (belonging to the hotel), waiters so so, but great food, had a perfect filet mignon.Cable Car line runs just in front of the house.The only minor drawbacks:- WIFI service doesn't work on the 17th floor which they &quot;somehow forgot&quot; to mention at check-in (however, as Select guest you can use the cable internet free of charge)- walls are quite thin (the same old story everywhere...)- parking: as usual in SF, street parking is a mess and the hotel charges a hefty 40$ valet fee for 24 hours + 6$ city tax.Hotel is within walking distance of Ferry Building, Embaracadero, Coit Tower, Market Street, Chinatown and SOMA.Would highly recommend and always return there.	
Sep 11 2007 	Travel Agent's review	My husband and I just returned from a wonderful 4 nights at the Omni, and have nothing but good things to say about the hotel.Arrival - we opted for public transportation, taking the BART from SFO airport to Montgomery st and walked up the street to the hotel (maybe a 10 minute walk) It cost us $5.15 per person rather than $42 for a taxi from the airport, and it took about 40 minutes.Check in/out - I had notified the hotel that we would be arriving early (10am) and we received our room right away. We were also permitted to check out late, at 1pm.Staff - were fantastic, very friendly and helpful. I had notified the hotel that it was my husband's birthday, and they sent up a bottle of wine (which was pretty good), a fruit and cheese platter and a birthday card. We had nightly turndown service and were given a weather report for the next day, and chocolates.Room - beautifully decorated room, comfortable king size bed, nice ammenities in the bathroom. There was a desk and an armchair with an ottoman - perfect for relaxing and putting your feet up after a long day of walking!Location - in the financial district, but within walking distance to all the sights (if you like to walk!) The hotel is very close to North Beach (Little Italy) and China town, where we enjoyed a few meals. The ferry building/market was a short 10 minute walk, and pier 39 &amp; Fisherman's Wharf were about a 25-30 minute walk away. We walked everywehre, and never found anywhere too far or more of a 1/2 hour walk. Concierge gave us maps and directions to all the places that we wanted to visit. There were also a few good nightclubs and pubs just around the corner from us.* Sign up for the free Signature guest program - you get juice and a paper every morning and nightly turndown service with a chocolate!Sights / recommendations* Alcatraz - we did the night tour (booked in advance), it was cool, and kinda spooky to be there at night.* Pier 39 - the sealions were one of our highlights, you could watch them play / fight for hours! We ate at Bubba Gump's (just for the novelty of it) but the food was lousy and overpriced.* Fisherman's Wharf - nice to walk around, lots of souvenir shops and fresh seafood stands.* Giradelli Square - go for the sundaes, they are worth the $8!* Lombard St - worth the walk up this hill / crooked street* Tonga Room - just up the street (hill) from the hotel (at the Fairmont Hotel) we went for the $8 happy hour buffet, well worth a visit for an early dinner, and the atmosphere is pretty cool, especially when it &quot;rains.&quot;* AT &amp; T park - saw a Giants game (bought tickets there), what a nice park, with beautiful views of the bay (if you get the right seats - we were on club level)* Ferry Building / Market - there was always some kind of street performance going on there.We'd definately return to the Omni!	
Sep 11 2007 	Excellent Stay	Stayed here with my husband for one night as an anniversary weekend getaway. The hotel was clean and the lobby is gorgeous. Reminded me of the Titanic movie with its 1920's decor. The rooms are spacious...a bit old, but very clean. The front desk was friendly and the hotel really does go out of its way to make you feel welcomed. Upon check in, my husband I were greeted with a rose for me and congrats on our wedding anniversary. We were upgraded to the 17th floor and given a room with a view of the bay. Nice! Then hotel sent a martini glass full of chocolate truffles and a small bottle of red wine with a card that wished us happy anniversary. Totally cute and a pleasant surprise.The hotel is defintely worth its value.	
Sep 10 2007	Omni is heaven	The Omni was great! The room was clean, comfortable and the service at the hotel was second to none. We loved the coffee/juice and paper deliverey to the room each morning. The evening turn down service was perfect at the end of a long day! I very much recommend the Omni and we will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 10 2007 	Beautiful hotel	I booked the Omni based on the reviews here on Tripadvisor and the Hotel was even more amazing than all of the reviews would have you believe. The rooms are beautiful, the staff is friendly, attentive and helpful and the room service was fantastic. It's also extremely convenient to the cable car and Chinatown. I would definitely return to the Omni San Fran.	
Sep 5 2007	Downtown Hotel But with a little more soul than most	This could be just a standard downtown hotel, but it's better than average. The staff is friendly, the housekeeping staff leaves you cute notes, they gave us a rose because we were celebrating our wedding anniversary...The location is very central. The cable cars stop outside and it's only five blocks to the Ferry Terminal Building.It exceeded my expectations.	
Sep 4 2007 	The Omni is fantastic	What a great stay. We had signed up for the Select Guest membership and received complimentary beverages in the morning and evening turndown service. We got to check in early - like 9 am - and were always given great directions and advice for siteseeing. Our room was in great condition - really clean. The location was great too, as it was within walking distance of transportation, shopping, dining, etc. I would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 3 2007 	Perfect Omni Weekend Getaway	I love staying in wonderful hotels, so when my boyfriend and I chose to escape the Los Angeles heatwave and enjoy a romantic getaway in San Francisco, The Omni was the perfect choice. We drove and arrived at 3:00 am and were greeted even in the wee hours with a perfect check in and a smile. Our room was on the 16th floor and had great architectural views of nearby buildings. The room was elegant and cozy with top notch Molton Brown bath products. The hotel location is close to everything and you can walk to all points of interest such as Union Square, Chinatown, North Beach, SFMOMA, Yuerba Buena Gardens, etc. Weather was perfect, concierge made dinner reservations to the Carnelian Room for us on the 52nd Floor of the B of A Building which has spectacular views of SF. It was perfect. We took a trolley from the wharf back to the hotel and were dropped off right in front of the Omni. It doesn't get much better than that!	
Sep 1 2007 	Great hotel and location.	This hotel is in a great location, on a cable car line, near to china town and opposite a great restaurant in the bank of america builing. Our room was of good quality fixtures and fittings, staff were very helpful, with a nice bar area looking onto the street.Hotel is about a 10 minute waalk to union square for shopping, 15 minute walk to the nearest pier area and bay bridge.Fishermans wharf is a cab or bus ride. Book alcatraz prison tour before you arrive in san fran. Open top otur bus of city worth doing as well.No free parking at hotel, have to use car parks opposite, which are not cheap.	
Aug 24 2007 	Elegant hotel and amazing steak restaurant!	We stopped here for three nights as part of our honeymoon. The hotel looks very elegant and the front desk staff are extremely welcoming. They are very happy to offer you advice about 'the sights' and will make every effort to make you feel a valued customer. The price, which is not excessive, was justified in the quality. I'd told them that it was our honeymoon when I booked the room. When we arrived we had been upgraded to a beautiful room on the 16th (out of 17) floor. When we got to the room we were greeted with huge strawberries dipped in dark chocolate, chilled sparkling wine, red wine, fresh fruit, mineral water all dressed with orchid heads and a hand written note congratulating us. It was really wonderful.The room was a very good size, bathroom fantastic - Molton Brown products. Bed was extremely comfortable with very good quality linen. The whole hotel was very clean and the housekeeping staff clearly took pride in their work. There was even a note welcoming us to the hotel from the member of staff responsible for our room- very nice touch.We had breakfast and dinner in Bob's Steakhouse. The breakfast was nice but nothing outstanding. Service on both occasions was good. The steak however was simply the best either of us have ever tasted! We both had the fillet mignon, it was cooked perfectly to our request. Fabulous.I would definitely recommend this hotel and I will happily book hotels within this chain again.	
Aug 21 2007 	Excellent Stay	The Omni San Francisco really was absolutely wonderful. We got a great deal on their website, and we were really thrilled with the room, the lobby, the bar, and the location. The hotel is just a short cable car ride to almost all the tourist attractions, while also in a very safe area. We were very impressed and would definitely recommend it.As an added bonus, I accidentally left my wedding band on the nightstand the morning of our checkout, I finally noticed it when we were driving down the coast on the Pacific Coast Highway...I called the front desk, they connected me to housekeeping, and housekeeping overnighted it to our next hotel in Monterey that very day. Exceptional service.	
Aug 20 2007 	If only other hotels can learn from this Omni	Our family of four stayed at the Omni San Francisco for a too short 4-day weekend. We have stayed at a number of other hotels (including the Ritz-Carlton) over the years and can honestly say that this was the absolute best experience we have ever had. Everyone on staff was incredible and made us feel that we were the only guests there even though the hotel was sold out! This is the only hotel to be in San Francisco!	
Aug 20 2007 	Easy walk to various sites: Union Square by muni cable car BART	After reading the glowing reviews on TripAdvisor, we used HotWire for our one night at the Omni, at a reasonable rate. (less than $200). We experienced the same outstanding service as previous posts mentioned, so I will try not to repeat information, except to recognize our concierge Justin Seeto who sent chocolate-covered strawberries and champagne to our room while we were out, to congratulate us on our anniversary.We called the Front Desk to thank him for the treats. Later, (most likely) our concierge also surprised us with a small bottle of wine, along with more chocolates, probably delivered during turndown service.I had also signed up for Omni's free Select Membership benefits online: i.e.complimentary morning newspaper - notify Front Desk which one, complimentary morning beverages - write on Breakfast menu tag and hang outside door before going to sleep, late check out - after 12 noon but notify Front Desk, evening turndown service, etc.We parked at St. Mary's Garage (entrance on left-side, 1/2 block before California, while driving north on Kearny). $32 for 24 hrs. No in-out privileges, but we didn't need our car since we could take public transportation everywhere, or walk a few blocks to Union Square/Chinatown/North Beach/Market St.We walked less than 10 min. to the Embarcadero stop on the F line (SFMTA's Muni ) to Pier 29/Chestnut St. to enjoy a dinner &amp; show at Teatro Zinzanni. We enjoyed this European-style cabaret, focused on fun through comedy, music, Cirque du Soleil-style feats, audience participation/interaction, and a 5-course dinner. Since the seats are arranged in concentric circles, all views are good. We hardly noticed that 3 hours had passed when the show ended as we ate dessert.We also saw the da Vinci exhibit at the Metreon (4th/Mission, south of Market), closing Dec. 31. The range of inventions displayed and re-created was astounding, especially the precursors to modern inventions. If you show a BART ticket until Aug. 31, you get a $4 discount off the adult admission price.We may take our kids next time for an Omni stay, or go by ourselves again!	
Aug 18 2007	NIce Stay Absolutely Beautiful	This hotel was and absolutely exquisite place...The Lobby was beautiful, and the Hotel Restaurants were GREAT!!!Recommended even for families with children!Also, it was in a great part of San Fransisco!!!	
Aug 15 2007 	Lots of Class	From the minute you step into the lobby and the eager (but not overly) front desk staff greet you, you know you're in for a great stay.The lobby is beautiful with seating areas for cocktails or dining... all sparkling and impressive. Great steakhouse and bar located in the hotel too...Right on California Street on the Nob Hill cable car line, you can close the double glazed windows and not hear a thing, or slide em up a little for some ambient SF street noise... it's great.The room I had was a king bedded room in front of the hotel on the 11th floor with a view of the Bank of America building. Great pillows! Firm but comfortable bed. The bathroom was marble and antiqued. The amenities were awesome (Pecksniffs) and just everything about the room was classy. It is a very smart choice in SF compared to some of the other long standing Nob Hill establishments who have seemed to take a turn for the worse in recent years (Stanford Court, Fairmont, Huntington).A great business or adult getaway hotel.	
Aug 13 2007 	Fantastic !!!	We just returned from a long weekend visit to San Francisco celebrating our 36th wedding anniversary and stayed at the Omni. The room was beautiful and impeccably clean. The service and accommodations were wonderful. The bed was incredibly comfortable. Since it was our anniversary, the maid had arranged towels in the shape of a heart with a nice little heart shaped note beside it. Our concierge Vida Lau at check-in congratulated us on our anniversary and said that something would be sent up to us later. Well, upon our return after a little walk in China Town there was a small bottle of champagne &quot;chilled&quot; with glasses along with some chocolate covered strawberries. And Vida had sent along a little note. Whenever we wanted to take a tour or ask about transportation either the doorman or the concierge were so very helpful. We had our breakfasts and one dinner at Bob's restaurant there and the meals were wonderful and so was the service. My husbnad and I agree that this by far was not only one of our favorite vacations but these were the best accommodations and service that we have EVER had at a hotel.	
Aug 6 2007 	Loved the Omni	We stayed at the Omni only 2 nights and have never been to San Francisco. The hotel is very plush and well designed. The only problem is the walls are not thick enough to drown out noise from other rooms. We heard our neighbors come in at 1 am and they were quite noisey. The location is in the middle of many attractions so we were able to walk to most everything - although it's quite hilly! Dorian was a major attribute to our wonderful stay. He is a bell guy who was cheerful, wonderful to be around and gave us lots of useful information about a city we hadn't been to before. You've got to meet him! Overall, this is a hotel worth staying at!	
Jul 30 2007 	Perfection	What an amazing experience! Staying at the Omni was the cherry on top of our stay. Excellent service, impeccable room, and fabulous location. The staff is really great too. They even left my daughter a cookie and milk in the room our first night there. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for luxury in San Francisco. Short walk from both Union Square shops and Chinatown.	
Jul 29 2007	Completely exceeded our high expectations	We just returned after spending several days at the Omni. We booked the hotel based on in part the reviews we read here.The hotel is quite beautiful, as we expected, but what we didn't expect was the service. We've stayed in many beautiful hotels, but no one has ever treated us as well as we were treated here.The staff went out of their way to help us, giving us hints that we didn't think to ask about, planning tips that we didn't know about and overall treated us as if we were the only guests instead of one of many.Aside from the great service, the restaurant was delicious and location was perfect.What a great stay!	
Jul 28 2007	1st Omni stay - Great!	We stayed at the Omni for our wedding anniversary. Beautiful hotel in the financial district, because of that the weekends are fairly &quot;quiet&quot; because the businesses are not working. Chinatown is a quick walk and not too far down to the piers. We would stay here again.	
Jul 27 2007 	Great price	The location was pretty good, the rooms were very nice, but the view was &quot;so-so&quot;. We had a view of another building located behind the Omni. I can't complain though cause we got it for an awesome rate off travelzoo.com.I would stay here again!	
Jul 26 2007 	Flawless	Booked a room using Priceline and was lucky enough to get the Omni San Francisco. The hotel pays attention to every detail, and I mean EVERY detail. Upon arrrival at the centrally located hotel, we were greeted by the doorman and others willing to help with baggage. There was a bit of a line at the check in desk and one of the bellmen quickly realized the need for additional resources. After advising those waiting he would secure additional help, he did just that. Soon the line was gone and everyone checked in quickly. The reservation was under my name but they allowed my wife to check in while I parked the car, simply asking that I return to the desk with my ID and credit card at some point durign our stay. Now that is service.When we arrived at the well appointed room, there was a hand written note from the housekeeper welcoming us. That is a first ever!That evening the room was turned down, chocolates were left and the television was tuned to a station that was entirely soothing music and beautiful scenes. Again, what an amazing touch.When we returned to the hotel on day 2, another hand written note from the housekeeper indicating she hoped we had a wonderful day, this time the note was personalized to us (vs. Dear Guest). We visited the bar as well and while the drinks were quite pricey ($15 for a martini) the atmosphere and service were perfect. I would highly recommend the Omni. Many others before me have given high ratings and I completely concurr. Excellent, absolutely excellent.	
Jul 15 2007 	Consistent Quality at the Omni	Stayed here July 6-8. Though this hotel is ostensibly in the &quot;financial district&quot; it is very conveniently located for walking (at the base of Nob Hill) and to public transportation (cable car, for the patient) and BART (take it to the 16th street stop to go to Tartine Bakery at 18th &amp; Guerrero). Pleasant walk to SF MOMA, AME Restaurant at the St. Regis Hotel (recommend) and Bong Su Restaurant. Hotel is representative of the attention to detail and quality that seem to be consistent with the Omni chain. Hotel staff are outgoing and pleasant. Check-in is effortlessly efficient. With &quot;Special Guest&quot; number (only sign up is required), there is free internet in the room. They also provide free beverages in the morning with this SG #. Opening window provides fresh air in the room, though the temperature control in the room is perfect. Nice bathroom amenities - lighted make-up mirror. Superior comfortable bed. Bathroom is a touch tiny. Hotel Manager informs me the hotel is planning a full renovation in 2008, but honestly, everything there is perfectly nice. Did not have an opportunity to use the work out facilities, but they are provided. Check out was automatic and accurate. Car waiting to provide airport transportation - nice not to have to wait for a taxi (and SF taxis make NYC taxis seem positively hygienic).	
Jul 13 2007	Best Hotel in SF 	Best hotel I've stayed in for a long while. Suberb professional service (though I wish there was a doorman opening the door each time I walked through.) Spotless modern class. Easy check in and out and no problems w/ the hotel at all. Location was alright, not that close to Union Sq though.Room size i estimate 300 sq ft. A little narrower than I would've liked but the beds were super comfy. you won't be disappointed.	
Jul 2 2007 	Excellent Stay	We have just return from our stay in Omni. Hotel was beautiful. Service was unbelievable. Bathrobe and slippers were provided. Everyone was extremely friendly. Very convenient location, in front of the cable car line, but very quiet on the weekend. We walked to Chinatown, the Coit Tower, Pier 39, Fisherman's Wharf. You can also take a bus to all the tourist attractions. Great shower in the bathroom. Loved our stay.	
Jun 19 2007	The Omni...beautiful and convenient	The Omni suited my family of four. The room and hotel were beautiful. The level of service given by every employee was unsurpassed. We found the location to be very convenient. Many restaurants were in the area including the resaurants in the foot -traffic -only alley a couple of blocks away. Union Square was within easy walking distance for my husband, me, and daughters, 18 and 20. We took the Powell cable car to Fisherman's Wharf. We took a bus to the Japanese tea garden from Union Square.. We also visited Haight-Asbury from the same location. The Market, Montgomery St. BART station is a few blocks from the hotel and is very convenient for getting to and from the airport.It may be a bit more difficult to get around from this location with small children in tow, but for us, it was perfect!	
May 31 2007 	Great choice if you can get a great rate otherwise maybe not	Found a great deal for Memorial Day weekend....spent five nights here for $139/night (plus taxes).At this rate it was great and well worth my money, otherwise I don't think I'd come here again when rates reach $350+Lobby is fantastic, but as other reviews say, the glamour stops here. That doesn't mean the rest of the hotel is bad.Rooms: Standard rooms are small, but do include a nice size desk. Views from the room are just city block views, nothing exciting. Bathroom was very nice, with marble countertop and shower surround. Room staff left little well-wishing notes and Ghiradelli chocolate squares on the bed each night, a nice touch.Staff: Front desk staff was very helpful.Food: stay away from the breakfast...overpriced like most hotels of this type ($22 for continental breakfast? not for me.) I ordered room service from Bob's Chop House, which is apparently well known in SF as a good steak house. It was pretty good!Location: Easy walk to Ferry Building/Chinatown/Union Square. Beware, there's very little in the way of eating/shopping around the hotel since it's in the financial district....so if you find yourself in the mood for a quick eat, then you'll have to walk somewhere else or eat in the hotel.My next trip I'll probably stay in Union Square instead.	
May 31 2007 	Another great stay at the Omni!!!!!!	This was our fourth stay at the Omni and again was not disappointed. On this trip though we also stayed at the SF Marriot due to a buisness commitment. I have to say that we thought the SF Marriot was big, cold and impersonal as compared to the Omni. We loved the cozy feeling of the Omni---smaller hotel, quiet area on the weekend and not bad during the week, a cable car right out front, North Beach a short walk away, the compimentary beverages in the morning, the hot apple cider in the evenings and the fact that we saw the same staff everyday during our stay. They got to know us and were very helpful and attentive to our travel plans. Not so at the SF Marriot! The Deluxe room was well appointed but not luxurious. The bathroom was well light and had a make-up mirror as well (something my girlfriend wanted to point out). We also ate dinner at Bob's Steakhouse and I have to say that was one of the best steaks that I have eaten in a long while----be aware that the prices are not for those on a budget but if you want to splurge then it is well worth it. For the price [though the Select Guest program] the Omni is well worth it. FYI, we have stayed in a Deluxe room to a Signature room from the 6th to 17th floor. We preferred the deluxe room on the 6th floor as we actually enjoyed hearing the clangging of the cable car bell. If you prefer quit then get a room above the 8th floor. Note that the views from the Signature rooms could be blocked by nearby buildings. Overall the Omni has everything I have come to enjoy about it and is our hotel of choice in SF.	
May 30 2007 	A great hotel provided you get it at the right price.	My wife and I celebrated out tenth anniversary with a four night stay at the Omni, and were extremely pleased with the service we received. The staff we encountered, from front desk to maid service, were extremely cordial. We returned from our first day's explorations to find a bottle of champagne and dipped strawberries waiting in our room, compliments of the hotel staff. It's rare to see this sort of courtesy across the board, even at a luxury hotel, and it's that kind of attention to detail that leads to the almost unanimous raves you see at Trip Advisor.In addition to the excellent service, the location is great for exploration. We walked to the theatre, some great restaurants in North Beach, and shopping. Cab rides were readily available to anywhere else.I'd definitely pay extra for a Signature rooms on the 16th floor, as the little touches, like a high thread-count sheets, are definitely worth it. The bed is EXTREMELY comfortable. I'd also advise you to sign up for the Omni Club prior to check-in, as membership has some nice freebies, like complimentary beverages and newspapers brought to your room each morning. Free wireless access, too.That said, the decor and furnishings at the Omni are nothing special, rather bland and corporate. Our Signature Room was a bit on the small side, the hallway noise is noticeable, especially in the morning, and the TVs are showing their age, so I would hesitate to pay full rate card here. We booked a $189 Memorial Day Special through Travel Zoo, which is a steep discount from their regular rate. At that price, this place is an incredible bargain, and I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again for business or pleasure.	
May 14 2007 	Beautiful 	I loved the Omni Hotel. My boyfirend and I decided to vacation in our own city and treat ourselves to a luxury hotel for a couple nights. The Omni was fabulous. The staff was so friendly and helpful, the rooms comfortable and very clean, th bathrooms all marble. It is located in the Financial district which is a bit dead on the weekends but it is a 4 block walk to the Embarcadero and a quick cab ride to Union Square. I will definitely stay at the Omni again.	
May 7 2007 	Great Hotel	Picked Omni from previous reviews... Some may say being on edge of financial district is quiet, well No! We experienced a Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Saturday was very quiet to get going as most local deli's etc within 10 min walk either do not open on Saturday or open later, say 10am which is fine. It is only 10 min walk from Ferry Building which has many cafes etc and markets at the weekend. Or just hop on cable car that goes past hotel and get off further up California Street to jump on cable car down to Union Square, 15 mins tops. Loads of places to eat there. The cable cars are great, get a $11 dollar all day ticket from hotal reception, valid for the cars and buses. Rooms are lovely, nice and big and great bathrooms, all marble, rooms have air con big TV , video games etc.We used as base to explore, Lombard street, G Gate bridge, Fishermans Wharf, Italian quarter, Coit Tower. Most is easily walkable but those hills can be pretty steep so the cable cars really do make it easy. One tip though.... it can be better to go the end of the line/terminus to get a car and join the queue as some are very busy and nobody gets off, hence you can wait at a stop and not get on at all. Busiest route is from the Market to Fishermansd Wharf via Hyde Street. This one passes over Lombard Street just by the 'crooked street' bit. Great fun standing on the side and leaning out.... which you are not supposed to do of course. We did have one evening meal in the Bob's Steakhouse, attached to hotel and one brealfast. Very good quality although a bit more expensive. Very very busy during the week with business people etc. The bar gets very crowded and noisy but in a nice happy, people enjoying themseleves sort of way.All the staff were very polite and extremely helpful, whatever the question is.	
May 4 2007 	First Class hotel	After a work conference in Monterey (avoid the Hyatt Monterey - yuck) my husband and I checked into the Omni for the weekend on the advice from two business traveler friends. We LOVED it! From the moment we pulled up front (valet quickly greeted us, as parking was part of our $175/night rate) we experienced a very high level of service. When I approached the front desk, I was warmly greeted and notified that we were already pre-checked in; handed our room key; and offered some afternoon hot chocolate and fresh fruit in the lobby. The room was spacious and smelled beautiful - can't ever remember a hotel room smelling SO floral....but not overwhelming. Turndown service at night was nice (Ghiradelli chocolate on the pillow, fresh ice, robes laid out), and the doormen and valets were extremely helpful with restaurant suggestions and directions. We were also offered (for free) a ride in the hotel's town car to any restaurant/bar/shopping in the near vicinity - nice touch! Keep up the great service Omni!! Will stay again at the Omni - anywhere in the U.S.!!!	
May 4 2007 	Great Hotel- A+	Although I have stayed in many hotels for both business and pleasure,I have never felt compelled to write a review. The Omni impressed me so much that I felt it deserved some of my time to write this review.The hotel exceeded my expectations. Many city centre hotels can be dissapointing irrespective of their star rating, as the rating is normally based on facilities rather than outright quality.The Omni was very pleasant, well located and the staff extremely courteous. I stayed in one of their corner suites which had windows all round. Complimentary fruit and water was provided as well as the staff turning my bed down when night came.The only small gripe I would have is that some of the bar staff were a little &quot;green behind the ears&quot; in terms of their knowledge of cocktails!Thoroughly recommended. I would stay there again.	
May 4 2007 	Excellent customer service and beautiful hotel	Planned a last minute getaway to San Francisco last weekend. After reading customer reviews on TA, I decided to select the Omni Hotel. The hotel was awesome! Customer service impeccable. Cleanliness was excellent. Front desk clerks and doormen learned our names quickly and called us by name for the duration of the trip. I would strongly recommend the omni to visitors. Staff very knowledgable on what's going on in town and recommended the best ways to get around. Great location in that it was in the downtown area but a couple of blocks away from all of the hustle and bustle on traffic and people. Would definitely stay there again.A great place to eat Chinese food is the R &amp; G lounge on Kearny Street (two blocks behind the Omni) food was excellent and very affordable.	
Apr 20 2007 	Excellent Service Great Customer Followup!	I stayed in the Omni in March 2007. Booked thru priceline and I was looking forward for this stay since all the reviews are wonderful! Unfortunately, my case is slightly different. There were service issues during my stay so I had to move the rooms several times throughout the stay (Bad luck, maybe?). Most of the front desk staffs are very professional and kind. I like the fact the room service is prompt and the bed is very comfortable. Evening turn-down, personal notes and next day's forecast is thoughtful. As previous reviewers described, this hotel has NO view (I stayed at the Hilton FD last time, the views are GEORGIOUS, check my previous post for pictures). There are few types of the rooms and they do have different amenities in the room but the bathrobes are standard feature in every room and nice marble bathroom (except in the accessible rooms you get showers only).  There are few restaurants nearby (Tadich Grill is a must go!) few blocks walk to the bart station. Its not that bad of the area at night to walk around with but however it is a very boring area if nightlife is what you are looking for. Chinatown is nearby but still a bit of walk. The parking situation is bad, you will need to get a parking package or else you are looking to pay $40ish/night for parking. The gym on the 3rd floor is very nicely eqipped as well but I really think that they should add a swim pool / jacuzzi in the hotel. Make sure to join Omni select guest program, thats the way to receive the most perks such as 1. Free morning drinks, 2. discounted morning breakfast ( limited selection, but GREAT price &amp; quality/quantity for room service). 2. Free intenet access for select guest member. 3. Possible room upgrade.Also, Sat morning city walk program is nice experience! you will get to know the history of this area!	
Apr 17 2007 	Lovely Hotel Excellent Service	From the moment we arrived from the UK to the moment we left the staff went out of their way to please us. Walking into the grand lobby everything had an air of professionalism and efficiency. Our room was on the 17th floor with a wonderful view out across to the bay. With this standard of hotel you can expect to find the usual bathrobes and nice arrangement of toiletries, turn down service was provided each night along with the next day’s weather report, which was a nice idea. The extra touches made you feel that this was a hotel that really cared for their guests. Within a short walk from the hotel were a number of restaurants, shops and cafes around Union square. We enjoyed staying just outside of the main tourist areas however being close enough to easily walk around to places. We will definitely stay again when we visit San Francisco in the future.	
Apr 16 2007 	As great as everyone says it is	We booked the Omni after reading a lot of reviews online. It definitely lived up to all the great reviews. The service is incredible, the hotel is clean and the location is great. The front desk manager went out of her way to accomodate our special needs, calling us on her day off. It was all very much appreciated. We didn't eat in the restaurant except for dessert one night and the chocolate cake could feed 4 people! It was delicious. The restuarant recommendations were wonderful from the staff. We walked to Union Square and the hotel is on the California cable car line. If we are to return to San Francisco, we'll definitely stay here again.	
Apr 14 2007 	Worked for our weekly vacation!	We arrived and were surprised at how small the lobby was. Not a problem, just a suprise. Our room was fine for the three of us (48, 12, 10) with two double beds. The beds were very comfortable and big enough for the three of us. High ceilings. Nice bathroom. Service was very good. As a Omni Club Member we received free breakfast drinks at the door, free newspapers, and free afternoon brownies. A nice touch. As with many San Fran hotels, no pool. The location was good but not great. We were in the business district near Chinatown. We like walking so this was fine. (We almost picked the Argunaut but decided to not stay at the Wharf --- a good choice I think.) We never tried the hotel restaurant but enjoyed some hearby Chinese and LOVED the food and charm of the Italian neighborhood some blocks away (try The Stinking Rose and Cafe Greco). Walking to the Wharf was not too far for us. We took a taxi back rather than wait an hour for a cable car. (We luckily did not rent a car.) The Omni --- absolutely professional and no problems, but not spectacular. Would recommend if willing to walk around town.	
Apr 9 2007 	Great Hotel Staff	From the desk clerks to the maids and doormen you can tell that the management’s priority is service. Friendliest hotel I've stayed at, ever.	
Mar 27 2007 	Overrated -- Clean Nice but definitely not outstanding.	I am a little amazed at some of the reviews I have read here. Don't get me wrong this is a nice hotel but it doesn't warrant rave reviews, there are some problems.No wireless internet, I can't believe a hotel in the financial district doesn't have wireless internet. The front desk said we needed to &quot;pay 50 bucks&quot; to upgrade to a room with wireless internet. Huh? You have to be kidding me. The doormen (as all the reviews state here) were not (a) very friendly or (b) very helpful. I would suggest hospitality training.Don't be fooled by the candid pics above you probably won't get the room that shows a duvet (that isn't the room we got), this hotel still uses bedspreads -- very unsanitary (anytime you get a room witha bedspread throw it in the corner immediately) they're a haven for bacteria. Otherwise, the bed was clean and comfortable. The bath, amenities, and towels were adequate though not luxurious. This is nota 5 star hotel or comparative to the Four Seasons though it did remind me of a Ritz Carlton.Our first room smelled like smoke but we were relocated quickly, our bill was overcharged for a mini bar item but was corrected and our room service order was wrong but also was corrected after a call. Park at St. Mary's if you are staying on the weekend it 's 1/5 the price of the $45 parking rate and catty corner to the hotel. Plan on paying for parking, it is San Francisco. We probably would not do a car if we stayed in the city again, it's too hard with the steep slopes and we are used to driving a lot.The hotel was clean and the location is off the beaten path a bit although still relatively close to everything. The rooms were really clean and the young man at check in was nice and helpful. We got a great price for the weekend so the hotel was well worth our price it but I sure wouldn't want to pay full price for my stay. I would defintely move up to higher end. hotel if I were paying listed rates.There is no view, it was of another building but that is to be expected in the city.Here are some other tips: We had a cheap great lunch at the mexican restaurant communal dining Mijita at the Ferry Building and parking was only $5 with validation, we enjoyed walking around the Ferry Building marketplace but skipped the touristy Fisherman's Wharf. We took the ferry to Sausalito and that was great. We walked from the hotel to the Fodor reccommended L'Osteria del Forno for dinner - it'sless than a mile, go late or go early there is often a line but it iscash only, tiny but casual and we enjoyed the food. Great for the price.	
Mar 23 2007 	The Omni is awesome!	Great location, great room, great stay. The hotel is central to all the tourist activity. The room had a large comfortable bed with a nice desk and large bathroom. The staff was there to help with anything from the moment we walked into the hotel. I highly recommend this hotel for couples looking for a romantic weekend.	
Mar 19 2007 	A great hotel	We recently spent four nights in this lovely hotel. The service is &quot;happy to see you&quot; wonderful. The doorman and desk clerk were friendly and helpful. Our room was clean and quiet. One morning, we ate in their small restaurant and the breakfast was teriffic. I recommend this hotel without reservation!	
Mar 15 2007 	Nice Hotel	My family and I stayed at the Omni for a weekend, it was very nice, the hotel location was great, the service was great, the hotel itself is very quite,and we got the best food advice from the guys that work outside. We had the best breakfast from a place I can't recall at the moment, it had a very unusual breakfast specials that were written on a chalkboard. It was a very small place and you have to wait outside for about 30-40 minutes, but it is worth the wait. Will definitely eat there again when I return to S.F. One problem we had at the hotel was taxi service, they usually do not have cabs waiting outside the hotel like other bigger hotels, so they have to flag one down for you,but with everything said, the hotel itself was great!	
Mar 14 2007 	Excellent Hotel Service and Location	I had a overnight flight from Hawaii and arrived at the hotel at 09:00 AM. I had a coupon from the Select Guest Program that enabled me to pay half price on a weekend and get an upgrade. The front desk representitave, Joey Nubla, checked my reservation and saw that my birthday was coming up. He then graciously upgraded me to a suite that was available and later sent a bottle of wine. The suite was large and first class with all the amenties that I have come to expect from Omni. I have stayed in many of there properties, almost always got a complimentary upgrade, and have been very satsified with the accomodations and service.Sincerely,Brent V. Marrott	
Mar 12 2007 	Not bad at all	I spent 8 nights at the Omni when attending a conference in San Francisco. The hotel's location is fantastic, bang in the middle of town without some of the grime associated with Union Square. The public areas and reception are clean and smart. The room was comfortable and quiet (courtyard rooms are quiet but with a view of the neighbouring office block), but very plain - nothing in there to denote it as special in any way. The service, however, was very good indeed - bright and attentive staff at every level from housekeeping to management. Room service food was fantastic, although for the most part I got take-aways from neighbouring Chinatown. I'll certainly use the Omni again.	
Mar 10 2007 	Dont be put off by it not being on Market St or in Union Square	A lot of reviews of this fabulous hotel say its in a quiet part of town (financial district) and coming from London you imagine this means that you'll need a taxi to get anwhere and the area will be quite eerie.WRONG.If you have a pair of legs and can walk you can be on Market St/Union Square in 5-10 minutes.I'm used to big busy cities and there is nothing worse than staying in the throbbing throng with all the tourists. For this reason the location of the Omni is a real bonus. Far from the madding crowd but no so far to be any kind of inconvenience.It is true that most of the guests seem to be there on business but its no problem. Dont eat there if you dont want to hear suits talk turkey. Go out and enjoy the many fanatsic restaurants in San Fran instead.TIPS:Join the SelectGuest programme (a kind of clubcard membership) for free in adavnce and then you get a free paper and drink delivered to your room every morning at a time you specify. You also get the option of ordering light breakfast items at an extremely reasonbale rate. (cream cheese toatsted bage was about $3 or £1.50).The gym is stocked with complimentary water and fresh(ish) fruit. 'Nuff said on that one!Free internet service in the lobby.If noise bothers you stay as high up as possible. (on the 5th you can hear the tram bells, on the 13th you can hear nothing).You can buy your MUNI passes from the fornt desk at their face value.If travelling without too much luggage do yourself a favour at SFO and use the BART rather than pay for a taxi. A jounrey on the BART is only $5.15 and the walk from Montgomery Station is less than 10 minutes. The BART was very safe and clean.ROOMS:Look nicer than they appear in the photos. They're quite dark which is why the photos dont do them justice. It's all very faux-Georgian but tastefully done. Bathrooms are classy too.Not enormous amounts of storage but enough. Avoid the mini-bar.SERVICE:Front-desk and doormen were superb. Extremely friendly and helpful. Nothing was too much trouble.Room service was extremely punctual with the selectguest drinks delivery. (you book a 15 minute slot and they there on the button every time).A Maitre D at Bobs steakhouse (attached to the Omni) was a bit stuffy but thats not their problem. Remember its mainly business people eating or using the bar there so I would avoid.LOCATION:You're in the business district but this does mean the area is well served by espresso bars, jamba juice and diners for workers. Also, a tram stops outide the hotel which is handy.You can walk most places very easily or use your MUNI pass for the transport.	
Mar 8 2007	Perfect location for Family vist to Chinese New Year	We were thoroughly pleased with our stay at the Omni. We had adjoining rooms (a King and a double) and were assistd at every turn by Omnii staff. We have stayed in more than a dozen hotels in S.F. (St. Francis, the Palace, the Milano, Hyatts, Mariott, Sir Francis Drake, Kensington Park etc.) over the years and this was definately among the best. Many hotels will have nice lobbies, but have very ordinary rooms . The Omni had beautifully furnished luxurious rooms with every imaginable amenitiy. I would recommend it to anyone. As San Francisco is developing more and more to the east of Union Square, restaurants, shopping and attractions are near the Financial District location of the Omni. Plus, the California Cable Car line is right outside. We were in S.F. for the Chinese New Year Parade (a block away), Prom Dress Shopping, (5 min walk) and to attend an event at MoMA (10 minute walk). Nearby Belden Place offers some of San Franciscos best restaurants and a truly european bistro experience, that is entirely family friendly. We had dinner at Brindisi. Make reservations for weekends at any S.F. restaurant.. The hotel valet parking is $45 , high even for San Francisco. However, around the corner on Kearny is a 24 hour city parking lot with security. A bargain. If you join the Omni's &quot;club&quot; before your stay, you also get real pampering including morning coffee delivered to your door with the paper and free internet. We loved it!	
Mar 5 2007 	Great Service Great Hotel Great Stay!	We booked the Omni based on two factors: price for 2 rooms as given through Expedia and also reviews from Trip Advisor. This was a getaway weekend for me, 2 adult sisters, and our Mom to celebrate Mom's birthday.BACKGROUND: Each member of our gang is a very seasoned world traveler, and we have stayed in every type of accommodation around the world from the St. Regis and Four Seasons to camping in a tent on Kuaui, with many a &quot;hostel experience&quot; thrown in for good measure. We are also all veteran San Francisco travelers, with one sister having lived in the city at one time. We have stayed all over the city in all types of properties (large and small, cheap and luxury) and we ALL AGREE: The Omni gets our unanimous vote as our new San Francisco &quot;home away from home&quot;!!! From check in to check out, everything was smooth and wonderful and the staff, from the front desk to the housekeeping staff, could not have been nicer or more accommodating.FRONT DESK: We checked in on Friday and arrived quite early (10.30 a.m.) expecting to have to store our luggage until later in the day. Surprise! Two rooms were ready and waiting. However, upon getting up to the rooms, we discovered that we had one room with 2 doubles and one with 1 king. We wanted to have two rooms, both with doubles, connecting if possible. One call to the front desk, a thorough search of the computer, and VOILA: just what we wanted. Not only that, but the bellman brought up the keys to the new rooms so we did not even have to go downstairs again.The bellman made sure to get all of our luggage sorted out, gave us a run-down on the hotel's services, put himself at our complete disposal, and was just a friendly as he could be. It is clearly obvious that whomever is providing the customer service training for the staff is to be highly commended: not ONCE did we ever receive anything less that a gracious smile, a hello, and an offer to assist. We also requested a VERY late check out (3 p.m.) and were accommodated without a hitch.AMENITIES: the hotel has a great fitness center with lots of cardio options, headphones for the plasma screen individual TV units, and free bottled water. Also has reciprocity for the full scale fitness club located across the street.Guest rooms have blow dryers, good lighting in the bathroom and elsewhere in the room, full tub with shower, nice toiletries, robes, and an in-room safe. Lighted closet with lots of hangers, and minibar too. There is FREE high-speed interenet access in the room (hard wired) as well as a business center that offers free internet if you did not bring your own laptop. They will also print free pages for you if needed.....Also: the WINDOWS in the rooms open to allow for fresh air ventilation! We love this! The heating / ac unit if very quiet and powerful too. With the windows open there is some street noise (even at higher levels) but we didn't mind.BEDS: comfy, comfy, firm and soft at the same time, duvet comforters, with great pillow choice. Pillows are an issue with me &amp; I usually travel everywhere with my own to avoid vacation-ruining neck pain, but I left mine behind in the interest of packing light. I was not disappointed!THE AREA: The location of the hotel is downtown near the financial center, near the end of the California cable car line and the Montgomery Street BART station. It is very convenient if you are doing business in the area during the week, and much quieter if you stay on the weeknd as we did. Many of the close-by cafes and coffee shops close over the weekend. However, there are PLENTY within easy walking distance (within 10 block radius) that are open all weekend. You can walk to Union Square in one direction and the Ferry Plaza Marketplace in the other direction and be in either location within 10 minutes. Also: this is a SAFE walk and you will not pass by too many homeless (a problem in any large city, sadly).TRANSPORTATION: If you are uncomfortable or unable to walk, the hotel has Guest Cars (town cars) that will happily take you anywhere in the city you would like to go (or back to the airport when you leave, crying). The doorman will let you know the cost BEFORE you get in the car, and the price is comprable to taking a cab, and much cleaner. The front desk staff can direct you to and make reservations for you at any of the terrific SF restaurants. EATING: This is a city that runs on it's stomach. For morning (or afternoon) lattes &amp; cappucino, we would recommend a stroll through North Beach with a stop at &quot;CAFFE PUCCINI&quot; near the corner of Columbus &amp; Vallejo (next to Tratoria Pinnochio). Also, &quot;MOLINARI'S ITALIAN DELI&quot; (on Columbus) for sandwiches &amp; the Salami. They make their own &amp; are famous for it. For dinner &amp; lunch, we would happily recommend &quot;BOULEVARD&quot; (great location, fantastic food &amp; service, very pricey) as well as &quot;YANK SING&quot; (dim sum, extended lunch hours only, including weekends, great food, traditional cart serving, moderately pricey depending on your appetite, delicious).In addition, if you go over the weekend, you MUST go to the Saturday Morning Farmer's Market at the Ferry Plaza. This is not to be missed, and go hungry, as you will be able to eat everything from pastries to tamales, with coffee bars, cheese, fruits &amp; veggies. Definitely worth a stop an a beautiful weekend to get your picnic fixins on your way out to Angel Island, Alcatraz, or the Marina District or Golden Gate Park.Whew! Thanks for reading through to the end. I hope that if you stay at the Omni, you will be as pleased as we were. Have FUN!	
Feb 24 2007 	Great hotel good location	We stayed at the Omni for three nights in February. A very high quality hotel, located 5-10 mins cab ride from Union Square. Although its in the business district, and so the local area is really quiet / closed at the weekend, there are some really nice restaurants about 2 mins walk away - just ask at reception for recommendations. Rooms are lovely - very clean, spacious, big bed, very quiet etc.. Some great touches like free internet access in Business Centre, free hot chocolate by the lifts - the mark of a really customer orientated hotel.The only downside is the poor choice of healthy meals in the bar - but as there are some nice restaurants nearby not really a major problem.Much better value for a weekend stay than the hotels in the tourist traps at Fisherman's Wharf. Another TripAdvisor winner!	
Feb 18 2007	Heart of San Francisco	Our family of 3 adults stayed at the Omni for a long weekend last summer. The room was a good size for us with great amenities. As noted by other reviewers, the staff was very helpful. If returning to San Francisco, we would stay again.	
Feb 16 2007 	Lovely Hotel	I've stayed at this hotel before, and there was a reason I returned. This time the valet guys weren't as attentive, and one of the guys actually slammed the door on me to help another guest, a total over sight on his part, but nonetheless, a little annoying since my roller bag got caught in the door, and I almost fell. But as soon as I entered the hotel, again your breath is taken away by the gorgeous, ornate lobby....really quite exquisite. The rooms are always quiet, clean and beautifully appointed. Only thing is if you stay during the weekend, there are not a lot of places walking distance to eat. Everything is closed on weekends since it is in the business district. However, we did find some, If you want a real unique lunch, definitely try out the over 150 yr old establishment called the Tadich Grill...great food, and all the waiters are all men over 45/50 yrs. who wear white coats, and who are very entertaining. For lunch they have a $11 minimum per person. Another top restaurant is Aqua, walking distance, but make reservations early, and you are looking at a $75/pp prefixe menu, but this place is a rage right now.	
Feb 13 2007 	Beautiful luxury no complaints	What a beautiful hotel... It was in the perfect location (4 blocks from BART, short walk from Union Square and Westfield/SF Centre), but reasonably quiet and not crowded with the usual tourist throngs.The check-in process was seamless and cheerful, and the door staff was pleasant and helpful.If you're thoughtless enough to have brought a car, as I did, be warned that valet parking is expensive (we were charged $45/day plus city tax) and the nearby garages were full on a weekday afternoon. To their credit, the staffers were upfront about the price and didn't charge us extra, even though we left the car there for more than 24 hours.The room was well-appointed and luxurious, with a nice, clean bathroom, bathrobes and linens. One minor complaint we had was the quality of the bedding... my mattress was sagging on one side, and my friend's pillows were very &quot;lumpy.&quot; The mattresses and pillows seemed to be in need of replacement, in general. But it wasn't bad enough for us to switch rooms or ask for new pillows. We might've been upset if we had to pay a lot (say $250+/night) for our stay, but we got a deal, so... just something to keep in mind if you're expecting pure perfection and paying rack rates. In all, we were very happy with the hotel and would definitely recommend it and stay here again if the price is right next time.	
Feb 12 2007	Small for three	My family (three adults) stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. Although we reserved a quadruple 2 double bed room, the room was very small and just twin room. The bed was only two single beds. Moreover the room was third floor and aside ballroom, and thus very noisy. MN (JAPAN)	
Jan 27 2007 	Magnificent and Wonderful ...	An absolute gem! 4-Star, 1st Class Wonderful Hotel !! Superb staff with friendly royal welcome and greetings, each and every time we entered or exited hotel ...and we were not even royalty !! The service was world class, in very well-appointed rooms. Rooms were of classic decor...spotless and pristine, with comfortable bed, robes, in-room safe, nice toiletries, and ample lighting. The location is quiet at nite, given near financial district, but still very convenient via walk, cab, or even famous cable-car right in front, to anywhere in SF !!! All requests made with the hotel were met without hesitation and perfection by the obviously well-trained, friendly staff. Must stay here when in town !!!	
Jan 21 2007 	Wonderful experience at the Omni	We just returned from a two night weekend stay at the Omni. We stayed there based upon TripAdvisor reviews and couldn't have been happier. Everything was as expected and more. From the attentive, friendly service of the staff to the comfortable, clean room, it was all perfect. We signed up for the Select Guest program when we arrived and had free coffee and newspaper delivered to our room at the time we requested. This was a really nice extra touch. The hotel is in a great location to walk to most of the main attractions in downtown San Francisco. We will definitely stay at the Omni again when we return to San Francisco.	
Jan 19 2007 	Great Time at Omni in San Francisco	My husband and I stayed at the Omni in San Fran on 12/25 and 12/31 (spent time in wine country in between), and we had a lovely time. We purchased the Wrap Yourself in Luxury package which included free valet parking, 2 glasses of champagne at the bar, and a discount coupon for Macy's. We also used an upgrade coupon that we received for being Select Guests, so we upgraded to a bay view room on the very top floor. We have always found the Select Guest program to be very beneficial. As we were getting ready to go out for New Years Eve, there was a knock at the door. The Omni had sent us a bottle of champagne on ice, accompanied by 6 large chocolate-covered strawberries. What a nice surprise. My husband and I haved stayed in several Omni hotels, for both business and personal travel and we've never been disappointed by the accommodations or staff. We will definitely stay at the Omni in San Francisco again. Great hotel, attentive staff, and convenient location.	
Jan 7 2007 	Omni style and service!	We spent two nights at the Omni after Christmas. Having stayed at the Omni San Diego, I was curious to see if the San Francisco hotel was deserving of its #1 rating by TripAdvisor reviewers. I booked directly through the Omni website and the $199 Park and Play offer included parking and a superior room. Having paid approximately $48 a night for parking at a hotel in the Union Square area, this seemed a great deal. As a Select Guest, registration info is on file and so you basically walk up to the desk and receive your room card. I had requested and received a front-facing (California St) room on a high floor. The lobby area was beautifully decorated and complimentary hot cider and cookies were available. The bed was extremely comfortable, as was the large armchair with ottoman. The room is tastefully decorated with a large work desk, many lamps, Bose radio and armoire with television/coffee service/mini-bar and large drawers for clothing. The large closet has a safe and bathrobes. The bathroom was large with a huge shower/tub with great water pressure. Large make-up mirror, too. As mentioned, Select Guest program will get you beverages and a newspaper, delivered at the time you designate. Some breakfast items offered to SGs at $2-4 such as bagels, muffins or breakfast burrito. Great prices! More extensive menu available through room service. This is one of the few hotels that delivers a large carafe of coffee if that is your selected beverage. Bagels come toasted, wrapped in a cloth napkin and with cream cheese and an assortment of fruit preserves. The steakhouse restaurant has very good food- a variety of soups, salads and sandwiches were on lunch menu. Prices a bit high but not out of line for SF restaurants. Staff very attentive. Hotel very quiet but the city, and Financial District in particular, have a low occupancy rate during the holiday period. This hotel is an excellent choice for business travellers.	
Jan 5 2007 	Omni shmomni...	My family and I visited S.F. 12/27-12/30 and stayed at the Omni. We requested a roll-a-way bed and were given an inflatable bed. We stayed in the &quot;signature&quot; room which was suposed to have upgraded furnishings and amenities (for an upgraded price). I called the hotel directly three times to confirm and to make sure our requests of a king bed and roll-a-way bed were received. We thought it might be cleaner than the &quot;deluxe &quot; room we stayed in on a previous visit. It was not. The carpet was stained in several places and the furniture needs refurbishing. The light fixtures in the bathroom were still caked with dust.The mgr. could not understand why an inflatable bed was unaccepatble, but moved us to a &quot;mini suite&quot; after much effort(two hours of back and forth-you know). This room was long and narrow with one small window. It was dirty and dreary and had a bowl of rotten fruit in a silver bowl waiting for us. The bathroom was even worse. It had no tub,just a huge, mildewed and cracked shower with a weird wooden bench and bars everywhere. When I called the mgr. to tell her this was not ok she told me this was the &quot;handicap&quot; suite and all she had. It did have a &quot;kingsize&quot; sofa bed in it with dirty, musty linens on it. We took this over the inflatable bed but we were not happy.The doormen are very aggressive and have never turned down a tip for us..Also, do not join &quot;select guest&quot;. I did and I also called them to confirm our reservation and got nothing that I could see. I think there have been some fake reviews here...Hmm...	
Jan 3 2007 	The Omni Gets It Right	My 3-day New Year's getaway at the Omni SF reconfirmed my committment to this luxury hotel chain. I booked a 2-night stay via Expedia at an incredible rate, about $120 per night. I normally opt for affordablility over luxury, but sometimes you just want to be pampered and are willing to pay a little bit more. For those occasions, you can't go wrong with Omni. They understand the what a true luxury hotel experience is all about. At Omni, the customer is always right, and the customer's needs always come first. Case in point- my room key did not work upon check-in (they had given me a room that was still occupied, oops), and when I returned to the front desk, they upgraded me to a 2-room corner suite for my trouble, apologizing all the while. This was followed up with a personal note of apology from the front desk manager the next morning - and a fresh fruit basket in the afternoon, again gratis. The suite (room 920) was gorgeous, with a sitting room, 2 flat-screen TVs, and a DVD player. One of the nice things about staying in the Financial District is that it's very quiet at night - no sirens, ambulances, etc.I joined the Select Guest program several years ago. As others have noted, I highly recommended joining for the free perks. I enjoyed the complimentary beverages (choice of 2 - try the coffee and hot chocolate together!) and morning paper, and was pleasantly suprised to find that this Omni also offered Select Guests a range of reduced-price breakfast items along with the complimentary morning beverages. For $3.75 each, we ordered the breakfast burritos, which were hefty and delicious, served with fresh salsa. Imagine - a delicious room-service breakfast in SF for under $5! I stll can't quite understand how this place made money off my stay....I guess it all averages out in their favor. Stay here, you'll be glad you did.	
Jan 2 2007 	good choice	Omni was a solid choice. Clean relatively spacious room. Upgraded to a &quot;signature&quot; room. Price was right for San Fran over new years. Wlaking distance to Chinatown, North Beach/Little Italy.A cable car runs in front of hotel up to Van Ness where there is a good movie theatre. Highlight of trip was walking tour of San Fran from Chinatown Alleyway Tours. They have a website and you book online. Also, if you like bookstores, City Lights is a must along with the new Cody's bookstore by Market St.Back to the hotel, a good choice/location, but nothing &quot;fancy&quot;.Note: Cab from SFO airport should be about $35 to $40. Avoid the SuperShuttle unless you want to visit all the hotels in Union Sq.	
Jan 2 2007	Great stay at the Omni	My family (4 of us including 2 teenagers) just spent 3 nights at the Omni. We really enjoyed the location--not among the throngs of tourists in Union Square or Fisherman's Wharf--between Chinatown and North Beach and minutes from the Ferry Building and all that it has to offer. The service at the Omni was extraordinary. Everyone was extremely helpful and kind. The room was nice--but not exceptional in anyway. I would definately stay here again based on the location and service.	
Dec 29 2006 	Excellent Hotel - Highly Recommended	As usual, I left everything to the last minute and booked this hotel the day before I was due to stay. I got a really good deal on it (about £100 per night), I was a bit worried about the quality of the hotel, but it was the only decent one available. I was 100% pleased with this hotel. The rooms are very spacious and decorated very neutrally, really nice and relaxing. I booked a twin room with 2 queen sized beds. Staff are really nice, very willing to help. The hotel is on California street, only 10ish minute walk to union square and only a couple of blocks away from China Town. The Tram line runs directly out the front of the building so you can hop on and go to Fisherman's Wharf. Every evening when we returned to the hotel, room service turned down our beds, put relaxing music on the television and put a little Chocolate on our pillows that said &quot;each day must end with a reward&quot; (something along those lines). I couldn’t have had a better stay in San Francisco and I couldn’t recommend this hotel enough. I stayed in the Marriott for a few nights and the Omni beats it hands down.	
Dec 26 2006 	Most pleasant hotel stay in years!	I visit SF often and, in the past, have stayed in inexpensive hotels on the premise that &quot;it's just a place to sleep&quot;. I've always felt that I'd rather spend my hard-earned money on something more important than a hotel room (e.g. a nice meal or a theater ticket).It was Christmas night and the Omni offered a deal that was too exceptional to pass up. For about double the price of the lowest category &quot;El Dumpo&quot; (including tax), I decided to treat myself to the Omni.The glowing reviews are well-deserved. The hotel, rooms and staff lacked NOTHING. Everything was sparkling clean, the service was friendly and efficient. Replacement batteries for a remote control arrived within 15 minutes of my call. The room-service breakfast arrived punctally and hot. Free internet in the lobby and a daily newspaper on your door. Gorgeous bath with everything you could want (including cotton balls, Qtips and sewing kit). Iron, umbrella and robes in the closet. Turn-down service. All in-room electronic amenities. Get the picture? Absolutely no negatives! As long as I can get a weekend rate near the one I just enjoyed, I'll never stay elsewhere again in SF.	
Dec 10 2006 	Wonderful Stay At The Omni	We stayed at the Omni San Francisco over the Thanks Giving Holiday Weekend period and had a fabulous time. The service was faultless from our initial registration to the end of our stay. We were fortunate enough to receive an upgrade through the Select Guest Membership Scheme from a Deluxe Room to a Mini Suite which was fantastic.The staff were very friendly and helpful and the housekeeping was exceptional, I would highly recommend a stay at this hotel and as an aside, it is well worth taking the time to join the Select Guest Membership Programme.	
