	The Presidio Travelodge proves to be perfect.	My husband and I traveled to San Francisco for a relaxing, romantic weekend and found the accommodations at the Presidio Travelodge perfect. From a free parking spot to gracious hospitality by the staff, we were consistently pleased with the hotel amenities. The hotel staff provided us with a list of current activities, restaurants, and transportation suggestions. I would highly recommend this hotel to any traveler seeking affordable and note worthy lodging, knowledgeable staff and the excitement of being in the heart of San Francisco.	
	Great Service Clean Rooms Free Continental Bfast Parking 	My husband and I drove for 4 hours from Yosemite Park and booked the Travelodge Presidio for our 2-nights stay in San Francisco. The room was compact but very clean and comfortable. My husband enjoyed the free Wi-Fi , HBO and Parking.We liked the location as it was away from the main street and was quiet and safe. We walked down a few blocks for dinner.The staff were friendly and helpful. The next day, we had a continental breakfast. It was nice and relaxing.The location is a bit far from the main attractions but we didn't mind as we hired a car. It was truly a great experience.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great Hotel to stay at!	Tyler the manager is always willing to work with you on room availability. I couldn't recommend a better hotel in the area. Great price, perfect location, highly recommended.	
Nov 2 2009 	Travelodge Presidio is well worth the price	We were two adults and a child for two nights in San Francisco. The Travelodge was just what we were looking for. Privacy, cleanliness, sufficient space, and great location. We found them all. Across the street from the Presidio, an easy walk to the Exploratorium, Palace des Arts, Chestnut Street, marina, Crissy Field. And for $150 in the middle of SF, it's a great price. Okay, it's a little tired around the edges, and there were a few holes in the bathroom walls where fixtures were changed, but that didn't bother us. It's easy to get everywhere, and parking at the Travelodge is free. They even let our visitors park in their lot.	
Oct 23 2009 	Travelodg Presidio Continues to Impress!	My husband and I have stayed at this particular Travelodge at least a dozen times and always leave feeling rested, happy and very satisfied. Tyler, the GM, and his staff continue to take the upmost care in the property and their guests. From the lovely breakfast buffet to their outstanding customer service, this property is a REAL value!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Friendly Staff close to everything	We stayed here for a weekend in early August. Flew in to SF airport, no good transportation late at night to motel, but we called the desk and were given instructions on how to get there via Bart and a taxi. Next mornig desk clerk was very helpful in getting us bus schedules and directions to whee we needed to go. Bus stop very close to motel. Nice room, older but well maintained. Quiet, even though it is fairly close to main street. Not enough parking, so good reason to not have own transportation.	
Sep 30 2009 	Want A Super Place To Stay With Excellent Staff	Recently stayed at the Travelodge at the Presidio in San Francisco. The staff at the Hotel were extremely friendly always going the extra mile to make us feel at home. The rooms were very nice and always cleaned when we got back to our room. Tyler and Raymond &quot;Ray&quot; were exceptional. You were always greeted with a smile and a Good Morning, Afternoon, and Evening. They made sure that whatever we needed was a priority. The Continental Breakfast was ok. Fruit and juice would have been nice but I see that room would be an issue. Parking was tight but was manageable. In the evenings it was quiet. Within walking distance to the &quot;Palace of Fine Arts&quot;, restaurants, and Presidio. All in all our stay was outstanding!	
Sep 7 2009 	awesome staff great location free parking!	travelled from Australia and after looking at many other motels, we decided on the Presidio Travelodge for the loctation and couldnt be happier. its in a nicer part of town, near park, and walking distance to Chesnut Street with loads of shops and cafes. the staff were great, especially Raymond, he was a huge help to us with friendly advice about where to go and what to do around the city. its quiet, safe and clean. we would stay again. thanks Ray!	
Jul 26 2009 	Perfect location great service and staff and a clean upscale room.	The manager Tyler was helpful and friendly. My boyfriend and I really appreciated the Judy's breakfast coupon and the great recommendation! The food was awesome! I loved the view from our room and the bathroom remodel job was fantastic. The staff were all personable, yet professional and the location within the Presidio was perfect. Overall, our stay was made comfortable, affordable, and fun all because of this hotel. Again, Tyler was a great manager, very knowledgeable and congenial. Thank you for providing such a spectacular home-away-from-home for us!	
Jul 16 2009 	The location is prime and we were able to walk to most of the interesting places and the service is excellent.	Ray Archer, the sales person there is a good man and he went out of his way to help us get around in San Francisco in the most economical way and point out some of the Independence day's events and the best place to be for the fireworks. He also gave us the weather forecast for the day during breakfast.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Place to stay fantastic staff comfy beds great internet!	We stayed here for three nights on our arrival in US and the last two nights before departure, rooms are adequate for the price, the beds are the BEST! Quiet location but still handy free parking and free internet, breakfast included for a very reasonable price. But the most memorable feature are the friendly and helpful staff - Ray and Shelley couldnt do enough for us - nothing was too much trouble - where to go how to get there shopping hours etc - anything you want to know just ask! Leaves you with a nice memory of San Francisco - would definately recommend for the budget traveller and would stay here again! Thanks Ray and Shelley - your help was very much appreciated.	
May 29 2009 	Awesome place serves its purpose.	The Travelodge was great. We just needed a room for the night during our memorial weekend. Very quiet and roomy. The staff was super super friendly and helpful in answering all of our questions on places to go, eat and check out. Very conveniently located we did not have to drive far for anything!	
May 6 2009 	What a great deal for a really nice place!	What a great location, for starters....just 1/2 block from the entrance to Presidio Park. It's very quiet, being a block off of the busy Lombard thoroughfare. Raymond, one of the clerks, just couldn't have been nicer and helpful, as was everyone we came in contact with.The room is smallish, but we knew that going in. The beds are very comfortable and the maid service does a very good job. We stayed 5 nights and everything was always clean and fresh.I would highly recommend this motel for a short or extended stay....one big perk is the free parking lot. Very safe neighborhood, close to the Golden Gate Bridge and near charming Chestnut St. for great bars and restaurants. Walking distance to the Marina, too. Thanks for a great, affordable time!	
May 2 2009 	Good Value comfortable beds	We have stayed in Travelodge hotels in the UK so we were not expecting the Hilton. This isn't a new hotel so the furniture is a bit worn, however it was clean, there was hot water and it was quiet. It is near the very end of Lombard street so the busy traffic has turned off at this point. The breakfast was simple - cereal, coffee and pastry - by edible and adequate. The beds were excellent in our room, very comfortable. This was good value for money.	
May 1 2009 	Would never stay there again!	The rooms are small and crowded. The temperature control in the shower is very difficult to control. I turned water on and waited several minutes for the temperature to stabilize. After getting in, the water got scalding hot. There is just a trickle of water and I mean a trickle. It kept changing from hot to cool. The room was supposed to be non smoking but it smelled like smoke. They have 27 rooms and only 16 parking spaces. Parking is a major problem in this city and if you have a car, you may or may not have a parking spot when you come in at night. The parking spaces they do have are very small and only suitable for small cars. They charge you a 20.00 fee when you check in whether you use the safe or not. I still do not have this charge taken off my card even though the clerk told me it would be taken care of. The hotel is not convenient at all and very difficult to get in and out of. The heating/ac unit made a terrible racket all night. The walls seem to be paper thin and we could hear loud people talking on cell phones and arguing in the adjacent rooms. The wireless internet barely works and is very slow.I booked this hotel through travelocity for 5 nights but we checked out after that first night. The clerk offered to change our rooms but there are so many negatives about this place we had to go somewhere else. I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 26 2009 	Our stay at this hotel was excellent!	My husband and I stayed here over Easter- Thurs. - Monday and we wished we could of stayed longer! The staff was excellent! On Thurs. we went to a ball game at AT&amp;T park and had a 3 day muni pass and we weren't sure how to use the bus system but the man at the front desk printed out a sheet of what bus we had to take and where to go. We wanted to go to a beach and the front desk recommended a beach that you could find whole sand dollars and we did! We were a little scared of the parking but we pulled in at 2pm and found a spot and many others empty. We took our car out, one day and came back and there was still a spot. We will definatly be back on our next trip to San Francisco!	
Mar 29 2009 	Great Service and Location!!	We had a great time at this hotel. The customer service is excellent! The desk people were very knowledgeable about how to take the bus, things to do, and great places to eat. The location was great! We drove our car but didn't want to deal with driving and parking around town. The bus that went to Fisherman's Wharf was only a few blocks away . The only downside to this hotel is that the rooms are very small and the parking lot is first come first serve but it's free. It was hard for a family of four to move around the room. Our room was very clean. The breakfast was very simple-coffee, juice, oatmeal, pastries, and cereal. I would definitely stay here again. P.S. The Alcatraz tour is a must!	
Feb 2 2009 	Horrible Experience - Rude staff!	We booked our stay through priceline. Even though I had a printed receipt, which showed our reservation had been paid for in full - manager refused to acknowledge our reservation saying it must have been canceled. She also refused to call priceline to confirm our reservation. We called them ourselves and were told there must have been some kind of computer mix-up. Travelodge had a room available but refused to give it to us at the rate we contracted through priceline. We were told we could have the room at more than double the cost. We ended up going somewhere else and paying much less. I can not overemphasis how rude this manger was. She was completely unaccommodating and unsympathetic to our situation. Do yourself a favor and do not stay here.Thankfully, Priceline refunded our money.	
Nov 4 2008 	Don't do it!	Four of us (2 couples) were on a one month trip in the southwest U.S. We prebooked all our hotels and B&amp;Bs and this was our choice in San Francisco because of the price and the location. We did not expect the Hilton but we sure didn't expect this. We booked two rooms for three nights and the comments apply to both.The room was old, well worn carpet and furniture that appeared filthy in the poor lighting. The bathroom was moldy in the shower, around the ceiling and on the floor. There was no toilet paper holder in the bathroom and when we complained they said it would be done the next day (wrong). I went to the office which was under renovation to borrow a screwdriver to do my own repair in the room and was directed to the maintenance man in the breakfast room. He was sitting at a table with his feet on the table drinking a beer but did manage to find a screwdriver. Needless to say we didn't eat the complimentary breakfast in that room.The bed was clean and comfortable, but that is the extent of the good comments.Parking was another problem and we ended up parking off the premises around the corner at a restaurant as the lot was continually full.We found another hotel and booked out early as we just couldn't manage to stay any longer.	
Oct 15 2008 	Enjoyed our stay.	Staff very pleasant and helpful. Very good location. Room a little dated and on the small side but functional. Bathroom on the small side with older fixtures. Overall good experience. Advise you park the car and use public transportation. You will find that parking in SF is expensive and almost impossible to find.	
Sep 16 2008 	Location is no excuse!	So the location is good but thats as far as i would go. The linen was dirty, the fridge was filthy and falling apart and the room made my skin crawl. Cheap is no excuse for failing to provide basic hygienic conditions. Avoid.	
Sep 3 2008 	Better than expected	We, two adults and a nine years old child, stayed at the Travelodge at Presidio on the 13th of July for three nights.After a warm welcome to the reception staff we entered our room that was the once located to the street side, The noise of the traffic was audible in the room but it was in an acceptable scale. The motel is located in that part off Lombard St. directly near Presidio with only a little traffic compared with the more troubled part a few hundred feet away. Our room was clean, not small but also not very spacious. Usually every room has an own parking lot. But not in this motel. There are less parking lots than rooms in the inner courtyard. Breakfast in the very small lobby was more than poor. Only coffee, cereals, and some kind of sweet soft cookies. The only change to eat or drink something was to put the whole stuff on a tray and took it with you to your room.Our son had a small infection at one eye so we had to go to a doctor. The staff at the reception was very courteous and did everything to help us.Conclusion: Despite of some lack the motel is a good location for exploring SF. An further advantage is the short distance to the Golden Gate Bridge. We would stay at this motel again.	
Jul 22 2008 	Will stay there again	Stay there with my family four nights. Small rooms, old building yet clean and almost everything runs pretty well. The front desk clerks were friendly and very helpful. They did everything they promised. Location is good for tight budget tourists. #45 bus terminal station is only one block away. Not far from the Crissy field and Palace of Fine Art. Hiking to the Golden Gate bridge is also not difficult for young children. My biggest problem during stay is internet access, most of the time it won't work and the manager on duty told me it's the internet service provider's problems, they can't solve it.	
Jul 2 2008 	great location for the budget traveler	Dates 6/24-6/28Spent four days in san fran and was able to do just about everything on foot from this location. (we are in our early 50's) It is literally at the entrance to the Presidio (which is beautiful). Within walking distance of the marina (view of golden gate) then just up a scenic walk to fishermans wharf. If you walk straight up lombardo (and I mean up) you can access the crookedest street. One night we took a cab from fishermans wharf (too much happy hour) and it was only 8.00! Our room was old, bed linens were comfortable but exceptionally clean. New AC/heating had just been installed. Bathroom fan was extremely noisy so we just used the heating light most of the time. Not enough vanity space so I utilized the coffee area for hair/make up. People at the desk were extremely helpful. Continental breakfast was packaged rolls, cereal, milk, juice and coffee. Low water pressure, lots of hot water. Area felt safe even at night. Got a great package deal via travelocity. Well what can I say-definitely not a ritz carlton but I am sure it saved us a lot in transportation. Parking was not an issue on the days we stayed as we did have a rental car-just never used it. Average budget motel-great location.	
Jun 5 2008 	Nice enough for SF.	We needed a place for the whole family for graduation. Since living in SF for 3 years, we knew how difficult it would be to place the whole family and make sure there were things to do in a relatively safe neighborhood. We picked the Presidio area because there was the Exploratorium and Golden Gate Bridge for the kids, Chestnut street for food, and the hotel had free parking. The price was decent for SF ~$100/nt. I booked 2 rooms off their website and 2 directly through the staff. Be cautious because if you book thru the website, you can't claim the AAA discount since they are sold thru a 3rd party. The first room we got was in the process of a remodel and smelled like heavy paint. They told us they weren't going to give us that room over the phone in the AM but stuck us with that room anyway...the bathroom was semi-moldy and not done yet. After the first night, we asked and finally got a completed remodeled room which was very nice and comfortable. (2nd floor middle corner room). They have free parking, but only a limited number of spaces so you had to stake your claim early. Breakfast was nothing special, cold cereal, OJ, coffee, cocoa, danishes. At least it was free. I thought the area was safe since it was off the Lombard main drag, but apparently, the hotel was held up the second night we were there. Otherwise, it was very quiet, and comfortable (if you get the right room), but the staff needs to communicate better. A major plus...free wireless internet!	
Apr 15 2008 	Great location. Great price.	Yes, it's a standard hotel. Yes, the rooms are small. But, at $79 with a RoomSaver coupon, it's a bargain. The huge kingsize bed was a luxury. The staff was very helpful. It's 300' from the East entrance to the Persido, so it's a short drive to Fisherman's Wharf or Golden Gate Park. Quiet Neighborhood. Limited parking, but if you're only going to be there one night, leave your car there and walk around the corner to the Baker Streret Bistro. The property is being constantly improved.	
Mar 7 2008 	Good Value Lodging for San Francisco	This Travelodge is located at the entrance to the Presidio, which used to be an Army Post and is now part of the US Park Service. It is very near to the Golden Gate Bridge and is convenient to the attractions in and around the Presidio and the 'Marina' area of San Francisco. The hotel itself looks to be a renovated motel, but it's located in an area off the busy portion of Lombard St. so it was fairly quiet. I spent 3 nights there and slept well each night. I would recommend the rooms toward the back of the complex. The room itself was nothing exceptional but everything was comfortable, clean and functional. The beds were very comfortable with attractive bedding, a microwave and refrigerator were provided and the room (#301) was a corner unit with windows on 3 sides. The bathroom was very small, similar to european B &amp; B bathrooms with no tub just a shower, but everything was clean and in working order.The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful, the housekeeping staff did a good job. A very skimpy continental breakfast is offered at the front desk; juice, coffee and some breakfast rolls which you have to eat in your room or elsewhere. There is no breakfast room but there are many great places to have breakfast.The location offers many unique eateries nearby, and Chestnut St. has a wide selection of cafes, coffee shops, bakeries, restaurants with every kind of dining and grocery stores selling exceptional produce. There are many boutiques and shopping establishments as well. The area had only 2 franchise restaurants that I saw, an IHOP and a Johnny Rockets, everything else is a one of a kind.Parking is available but limited onsite and an overflow lot is around the corner. Street parking and public parking is expensive if you're not from a big city with similar rates. I paid about $100 a night for the room a double/double but found a $74 rate from the Roomsaver magazine. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Feb 11 2008 	Small room but great location	We stayed there just for a day. Got the room for USD119/night (for 4 persons). The room is really too small for a quad room (see photo attached), the bathroom is clean, though it's very cramped. The breakfast is actually served at a small corner beside the frontdesk, which i find it funny..  The good thing is its excellent location. (i) very quiet- Other hotels along Chesnut Street are definitely too noisy to get a good sleep (due to heavy traffic). (ii) Convenient- within walking distance to The Palace of Fine Arts, and Chesnut St. If u are planning for a short stay and looking for a not-so-expensive room, I'd say, 'It's a good choice'. But do note one thing: When u check out, Remember to them the frontdesk IF U DID NOT USE THE SAFE. I got charged 'safety warranty tax' because I forgot to tell them!	
Nov 19 2007 	Perfect place to stay	This hotel was absolutely fabulous. The room was spotless, the king size bed was comfortable and the location was magnificent! It was in a very safe neighborhood and within walking distance of great restaurants and shopping, plus the bus stopped right down the street. Gary was a great help in securing our shuttle to the airport and helping us with places to eat. The hotel was very quiet as it was at the end of Lombard street. Great place to stay and the price was right.	
Aug 26 2007 	Had a Great Time!	Typical cramped motel room and overpriced ($109). But it was in reasonably good condition, the beds were comfortable, it was quiet at night (being two blocks from Highway 101), we had a fridge and microwave, and there was plenty of hot water. And the best part--the location! Chestnut, the &quot;main street&quot; of the Marina District, was just around the corner with plenty of cafes and shops and a real hometown atmosphere. Also, the Palace of the Fine Arts, and the waterfront were nearby, and you can take a public bus to Chinatown and Downtown.	
Aug 10 2007 	Very Quiet and Convenient	I needed a hotel near the Fort Mason Center, and I needed to get a good night's sleep for three nights. All the other hotels along Lombard St/101 are right on the highway and you can see from the reviews that people have had horrible experiences with noise. The Travelodge Presidio is farther down Lombard, after 101 curves away = quiet! It's right near all the beautiful green trees of the Presidio, and the shops and restaurants on Chestnut Street are a short walk away. My room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom could use some refurbishing, but again, everything was clean. I never heard a sound from the highway or other guests. The staff at the front was friendly and knowledgeable. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone on a budget who wants something quiet!	
May 21 2007	Excellent Location - Great Front Desk Staff	This hotel is in the perfect spot away from all the bustle of a big city. The bus stop is right around the corner by the historic Gates of the Presidio.The bus takes you straight into China Town, shopping at Union Square.Beautiful homes on the famous Pacific Heights is one block away with enough steps offering aerobic exercise for those so incline like myself.On the other side, the Palace of Fine Arts is 1.5 blocks away beckoning in all its serenity. Chrissy Fields is across the road from the Palace which is exercisers haven. You can a beautiful early mornign view of the Golden Gate bridge from here...San Francisco is utterly beautiful!Wish to revisit next year.	
Feb 6 2006	Terrible noisy dirty	We stayed over 1 night on our way to the North Coast of California. We choose this hotel because of the reviews, the price and location to the 101. We were sadly disappointed. The hotel is undergoing renovations, which they did not tell us. There was trash everywhere and not just construction trash (carpet, etc..) there were dirty towels and sheets, lying in the passage way that looked as though they had been there for a while, there were fast food containers everywhere, just thrown on the ground and it looked like the trash had not been emptied in many weeks. There were cigarette butts overflowing the containers and stunk to high heaven (right outside our window by the way) and trashcans from the rooms, lying around the outside. They could have done so much better at making the place look at least presentable during the construction phase, but they truly didn't seem to care that smelly trash was everywhere. It is also a very noisy hotel and the sound carries down through the floors. We were kept awake half the night by other guests coming and going, slaming doors and yelling all night and by their TV at 4:00am. The showers had some mold in the corners and the bathroom floors looked scary. I kept my slippers on the entire time and would not walk on the bare floors. I have a thing about flimsy thin blankets and theirs were aweful. We had to bring in our down comfortable from the car to stay warm. Overall, if this hotel was a little more soundproof, and cleaner, it might not be bad for the price, but I will NEVER stay here again and cannot recommend it.	
Nov 20 2005	Cozy Quiet + Clean Budget Hotel on the Presidio	We booked a single bed room here as a walk-in with a Traveler Coupon for $77 for 1 night, and the place was fine. Very clean and quiet, and about a block or two from the park. Swank French Bistro on corner along with a deli, and a pub just around same corner. Our L-shaped room was smallish, but very comfortable for a 1 bedroom. There were 2 windows facing the beautiful lush backyard, and the breeze coming thru them was great. I do remember seeing others' bathroom windows facing the balconies, as the previous reviewer had - so ask for one with windows to the back. Bonus was the fridge and microwave. Though there were a few other similar hotels lining these blocks (we didn't check on prices there), the neighborhood felt fairly residential, and thru the back windows you see some great architecture of the houses people live in around here.	
Jul 5 2005	Excellent Hotel for Budget Travelers	I'm giving this hotel a &quot;neutral&quot; rating but as a budget traveler my expectations were actually exceeded by my experience there. I was looking for a cheap place that wasn't in the noisy downtown area and that didn't have postage-stamp sized rooms - and I got it! If you're frugal and don't mind not having an elevator, a lobby, or fancy furniture I think you'll be very happy with this hotel.The downside: our room could have used better ventilation. There was no way to open the windows and get the air moving without sacrificing our privacy. The bathroom window desperately needed a curtain as it actually faced into the hallway/balcony. Since the bathroom had no fan(!) opening the window was the only way to keep the steam down while showering so I had to hang a t-shirt in front of the window. Kinda silly. The result was that the room was a bit muggy.Also, as I mentioned, there is no elevator in this kind of hotel so don't stay here if you have trouble carrying your luggage up a flight of stairs. This hotel also does not offer much of a view and as you might imagine -- the furniture, carpeting, etc is not exactly brand new. Also also, HBO is supposed to be included but we didn't seem to have it (But, so what? We didn’t go to San Francisco to watch TV.)The upside: the price was shockingly low. This made it possible for me and my co-traveler to spend our money on more important things (like eating out and shopping). I booked the flight and hotel together through Orbitz rather than through the hotel itself so I would recommend doing that to get the best deal. Our room had 2 queen beds, a microwave, a refrigerator, dresser, vanity, and table -- and plenty of room for 2 people to move around. The location is EXCELLENT. A quiet part of Lombard right next to the Presidio. Very close to 2 bus lines as well as a nice French restaurant and a convenience store.	
Sep 29 2009 	Gute Lage aber viele Schwachpunkte...		
Jul 18 2009 	Pas cher et qui dépanne!		
Oct 5 2008 	Idéal avec une voiture à San Francisco		
Sep 18 2008 	Très bien mais avec un léger bémol...		
Aug 28 2008	Très confortable bien situé.		
May 26 2008 	Sistemazione discreta		
