Nov 10 2009 	20+ years staying here and it's still great	Being a tourist in SF, this is an excellent location for me on Lombard, since I usually arrive &amp; depart via the Golden Gate. I simply leave my car in its own little garage, &amp; take the bus or BART, or even a cable car. When the Loma Prieta quake happened in 1989, &amp; I saw the damage in the Marina District, the Marina Motel was my first concern. Thankfully, it's still here, &amp; still kicking. There's something about staying in a 1930's Mission-style motor court that really feels right to me, and I usually am able to get a room without direct contact with Lombard. I just wish that Monroe's Steakhouse was still open. Oh, well, there's always Tadich.	
Nov 4 2009 	The third time and not the last time	I stayed here 3 times in 13 years and I still would recommend it to people, who like a personal touch. Rooms are a bit old fashioned, but were refurbished at least twice in these 13 years. bathrooms are pretty small, but that didn´t matter to us. If you choose a room in the yard, you feel like in a small village, apart from the loudness of Lombard Street.A very cosy place, not too close to the crowdy center, but still close enough to it. Near to lovely Chestnut Street.	
Nov 2 2009 	Excellent location on Lombard with nicely done rooms!	This place is a little gem in a sea of non-descript funky motels in the area. Flowers bloom everywhere - including the painted motif on the outside walls! The best part is that entrance to the facility and rooms is by a quiet courtyard. And every room gets a small garage to part your vehicle in. Vans and SUV's fit in them as well.We didn't have any pets this trip and we didn't see any except the resident friendly dog, but if you are traveling with pets, they are welcomed here instead of tolerated in other locations. You have to walk a block or two for grass though. Rooms were large enough, nicely decorated, and our bathroom was sparkling clean. A must for me. It's an easy 1 - 3 block walk to small cafe's, light shopping and the Marina Green area where we had business.We choose this location because it was close to where we wanted to be (as opposed to the city proper) and for the great reviews at Trip Advisor.We feel we chose well.	
Oct 22 2009 	A nice motel but pricey and a bit out the way!	We stayed at the Marina Motel for 3 nights. We drove here from the airport, one of the reason's for choosing the motel was because it offered free parking, which was ideal and had our own garage/car port.The room was very small, but cosy and clean. Very traditional and old fashioned.The motel also offered free wireless internet, which was non existant! Not once did we get enough signal to use the internet, the only way i could get online was sitting in the reception.There was a bus stop just round the corner of the motel, which took you straight to fisherman's wharf and if you stay on it, it went to union square too. And the buses are very cheap!It was a nice motel, but think if i visit San Fran again i would stay somewhere inbetween fisherman's wharf and Union square.	
Oct 20 2009	Not dog friendly	We picked this motel because of it's dog friendly web site. Yes there is free parking and the room rate seemed ok when looking at other places to stay. We actually would have been happy staying there except for one detail. This place is not dog friendly. When we checked in I asked for dog friendly restaurants and was told to &quot;look around.&quot; I asked where we could take our dog to her business and was told that there are no areas and that we had to walk about 6 blocks to the nearest grassy area. (Obviously this will not do for a dog that has been very good all night long.) We received no dog treat...no 2 for one coupon at a nearby restaurant for breakfast (per web site) and the person at the desk had no idea what I was talking about and looked annoyed when I interrupted him. We will not go there again.	
Sep 29 2009 	Not what we expected	We spent 2 nights here and it was not what we expected. We stayed in a Family room with 2 single beds, and a box room with 1 queen bed. If you look at the website pictures they show a clean, bright, well decorated place to stay. Our room was nothing like the room pictured on their website, it was in fact in very poor decor and dingey. The steps from the front door of the room go down to the main street, which did not feel safe even during the day. The garage supplied could not be locked, although it was large enough for a large car to be parked off the road. There is no Air conditioning in the Motel. The refridgerator was pumping out hot air in a small space which made the room unbearable at night. You have to leave the windows open at night to get cooler air into the room.Fisherman's Wharf is around 25 mins walk from the Motel. If you are going to Alcatraz book a week in advance. We could not get tickets at all 2 days before the trip for the date we wanted. For the price we paid, $135 per night, we expected more.	
Sep 11 2009 	Superlative in Many Ways	While I was not at first impressed, once I drove into the courtyard and saw the beautiful landscaped flora intermixed with some colorful stenciling and an overall sense of a villa, I was awe struck. The owner of this historic motel has been able to maintain the worderful historic character and yet make it a comfortable, cozy place to be, a great place to resturn to after a full day out on the town. Loved it!	
Aug 25 2009 	Beautiful courtyard environment and pet-friendly	I recently traveled to San Francisco, CA to visit my daughter. For this trip, I like to bring my dog along and make it a road trip. I happened to find Marina Motel on Lombard St. This motel was built in the 1930's, so if you are looking for luxury this is not your place. It is a quaint little motel located in the Marina district of San Francisco.The courtyard is beautiful with blooming fuschias, hydrangeas, and vivd bougainivilleas. Each room sits above a garage which is wonderful to have in the city. The garages are small, but I was able to get my mini van in and out with little problem. It is located near the Presidio which was excellent for walking my dog each morning. After our morning walk, I would put my dog back in the room while I walked just two blocks away to get my morning coffee, delicious baked scones and fresh fruit. The storekeepers in the area were all very friendly. The kitchen at the motel was equipped with a microwave, coffee pot , oven/stove and refrigerator. The office staff was cordial and very helpful with any questions that I had. I never felt that I was imposing or taking too much of their time. The housekeepers did a nice job and kept the room neat and tidy.If you are traveling with a pet or want to have some comforts of home while you travel and want to take a tiny step back in time, I highly recommend the Marina Motel	
Aug 25 2009 	free parking nicer than i thought it would be	didn't have high expectations as i booked this place at 9pm after a long day on the road. but the free parking was great, and the location was easily accessible from hwy 101 north out of the city. wasn't expecting much (we passed lots of dingy looking motels on this section of lombard street, which is basically highway) but got a charming &quot;family owned&quot; and well maintained b&amp;b style motel. not really central location unless you have a car. room was a little small and if you keep the window open you won't sleep as lombard street traffic can be noisy, but it's comfortable and if you close the window you will rest easy. for roadtrips through san fran, this is a very good option.	
Aug 21 2009 	Excellent of its kind	Yes, there are cheaper places. And yes, there are nicer places - more spacious rooms, plusher linens, luxurious amenities. But for a combination of good price, good location, and pleasant surroundings, the Marina Motel can't be beat. The buildings are charming, with lots of fragrant flowers in the courtyard, and the rooms, while on the small side, are clean, comfortable, and nicely decorated, without that generic &quot;chain motel&quot; feel. While this part of Lombard Street isn't particularly thrilling, Chestnut Street, just a block away, has lots of shops, restaurants, and even a couple of movie theaters. Union Street, the Palace of Fine Arts, Fort Mason, and Crissy Field are within easy walking distance, and there's good access to public transportation; you could conceivably park your car in one of the (admittedly narrow) parking spaces and leave it til the end of your trip. When we checked in we were told that the wi-fi connection could be spotty, but it worked fine while we were there. The staff was helpful and friendly. We were happy to discover this place and will be back.	
Aug 21 2009 	Historical charm centrally located	San Francisco has more history and charm than many cities in California and we enjoyed staying in a place that echoed that theme. Our family of 5 had a two room suite off Lombard Street; I wore ear plugs at night to ensure a good night's sleep but the others in the room did not and said it wasn't too noisy. The covered free parking is a big plus in the city and the rooms, while conforming to the standards of 1939, were comfortable with plenty of amenities. We especially enjoyed strolling over to the Palace of Fine Arts and the neighborhood on Chestnut Street has many restaurants and shops.	
Jun 22 2009 	Perfect location...great staff...fantastic start to our vacation	This was the first stop on our trip from San Francisco down the coast of California. This place has been family owned from the start and you can tell. The staff offers personalized attention, it's totally quaint but very clean. Perfectly located - within walking distance to the Presido, and direct bus routes, and of course Lombard Street. Nice fridge, microwave and coffee maker in the room and a convenient Walgreens on the corner made this the perfect stay. And the best part is they're dog friendly. We just had our pug, but when a much larger noisier dog moved in next door they quickly accommodated us and moved the big guy to a room farther away from us. The only hitch was that the radiator in the room made a terrible clanking during the night, however the staff quickly took care of the situation and even made amends on our bill. My son and I loved this place, and would come back to stay every time we go to the city!	
Jun 12 2009 	We were very concerned about parking in S.F. and this motel offered a great place to stay and our own garage.	We found the Marina Motel easy to get to and that was a great concern for us because we were concerned about driving on the hilly streets. We come from the flat, western side of Oklahoma. We came in on the HWY 92 bridge, driving west up the hill to 280 and took it north into S.F. until it became HWY 1. We followed that until it intersected with DOYLE DR. just south of the Golden Gate Bridge and turned back east for just a short distance to the RICHARDSON AVE. EXIT and went only a few blocks south to LOMBARD STREET. The MARINA MOTEL was just east of that intersection. We didn't have one hill to contend with! We also were concerned about finding a motel with parking. We found that there was often a fee to park in hotel lots or parking garages and it was often a very expensive fee. We were enchanted with the exterior of the motel. We found it lovely with the warm Tuscan colored exterior and the beautiful paintings here and there about the motel exterior. We came on blind faith that we were going to get a decent place to stay, with a place to park our car, in a safe neighborhood. We got all three. We even had a cute little kitchen. We were back in the courtyard facing south so that not only did we see the wonderful exterior of the motel outside our windows, but the homes, and often the fog on the hillside. I don't want to give you the wrong impression that this is a luxurious boutique hotel. It's just a very quaint hotel dating back to the 30's that filled our needs very nicely. We were well pleased with it and the price we paid. We feel that we got a bargain. AND, you must eat at JUDY'S on CHESTNUT for a great meal. The french toast covered with strawberries and bananas would feed 3 at least! It was delicious! We would certainly stay here again.	
Feb 24 2009 	Like a home away from home! Perfect location!	Me, my fiancee, and 3 pomeranians. The place is very well situated. Getting there was a pain, but we are talking about getting into the heart of San Fran. Once you are there you are close to parks, water front, restaurants, everything. ===OWN GARAGE UNDER YOUR &quot;APARTMENT&quot;====no need to worry about parking, full kitchens. Very cozy. No complaints, and THIS IS WHERE WE ARE STAYING every time we go back!Clean area, for being dog-friendly we saw lots of dogs and no mess! Thanks responsible pet owners!!	
Feb 3 2009 	Dog-Friendly Delight	The Marina Motel is the best property in San Francisco for value and staff-friendly accommodations in a neighborhood-setting away from the congestion and confusion of the downtown area. We have consistently stayed exclusively at the Marina Motel nearly 20 times over the past 3 years since discovering this delightful dog-friendly property.If you are travelling with or without your dog, in terms of its location; convenience to dog-and-people-friendly restaurants; walking distance to many great activity sites and beaches; and its providing safe and secure accommodations and parking -- this inviting property is hard to beat. Getting to any place in SF is extremely easy and convenient from the motel's location in the Marina District neighborhood.All of the rooms in varying sizes are comfortably equipped and impeccably clean, with spotless bathrooms. There are even one-bedroom units with fully equipped kitchens in the event you want to stay a few days or pick up some grocery items in the immediate nearby Marina neighborhood delis or specialty stores to prepare yourself. Each unit has its own private secure garage located directly beneath the rooms in a wonderful plant &amp; flower-filled courtyard setting.If you do have your dog with you this property is excellent in terms of its nearby access to a leash-free dog area in a grove of eucalyptus just two blocks away inside the Lyon Street gate of the historic Presidio. You are a five-minute walk from the Palace of Fine Arts and the Marina itself. Another block walk and you find yourself at the San Francisco Bay and at Chrissy Field, which has a great Bay-front walking path and a leash-free dog-friendly beach that puts you at the foot of the Golden Gate and provides beautiful Bay vistas -- (bring a picnic). The neighborhood where the property is located is primarily residential and &quot;small-business commercial&quot; and is safe for walking at all hours of the day and night with or without Fido.The staff is extremely courteous and very knowledgeable of the sites and available activities within the San Francisco and Marin County vicinities. They will be happy to provide you with maps and directions and their personal recommendations of places to eat and shop in the neighborhood. The rates at the property include your parking; two-for-one breakfast/lunch coupons at a nearby cafe; and the accomodations themselves -- at a more than reasonable price -- which can vary slightly seasonably.We highly recommend the Marina Motel to all of our friends and acquaintances that are planning a trip to the Bay Area and have never gotten any negative feedback from any of them who have utilized the property. We initially used to stay at the property when we had meetings or appointments in SF -- but now we make special trips down to just enjoy a few days away in SF and enjoy all the City has to offer.Try the MARINA MOTEL -- you'll be glad you did.Patrick O'FlahertyJames O'Dell&amp; Moe	
Dec 7 2008 	Okay for the price	I found this motel via the internet-it was our third trip to SF and we decided to try something different than our first stay, which was in the financial district (second visit was a one day trip). The website was very well written and the photos were very enchanting. We were a bit disappointed upon our arrival. Not having much knowledge of the area, we did not realize the motel is right on a main thoroughfare; very busy with traffic. The pictures on the website and the customer reviews create this image of a motel nestled in a quiet corner of the Marina district, but this is not true. The room was quite small but okay for the two of us. We were right next to a room which allowed pets and the walls were very thin, so we heard the dogs barking for 5 hours straight one night because they left them unattended in their room. We almost called management but it was our last night, so we didn't make a big deal about it. Also, we could hear the neighbors coming in and out each and every time. The room was clean but they had a very old style heater in the room and it only heated the top half of the room. So, when we were on the bed watching tv, we would be cold but when we stood up, it would be toasty warm. It was okay for the duration of our visit and for the price, well, we got what we paid for, in our opinion. The website and the pictures are in a way, deceiving because there are no cobblestones in the courtyard and it wasn't really a quiet stay. I think if they included a picture of their neon lit sign, which is conveniently left out of the pictures on the website, people wouldn't be so quick to fall in love with the place; sight unseen.	
Nov 17 2008 	Quaint and charming	I reserved 3 rooms in this sweet little motel on Lombard Street for my family. Each room was clean, no smells, and well equipped with the usual necessities. My room faced the street and was indeed noisy and shook with the big trucks but this did not bother me at all. It was just part of the city. The other rooms were interior courtyard rooms and were very quiet. There are window boxes full of colorful flowers and there is a little interior hallway  The staff was very friendly and helpful both in booking months ahead and while we were there. Talk to them about the room noise if that is a problem for anyone in your party.  This motel is in the Marina district which proved to be perfect. It is only a short walk to all kinds of restaurants and shopping. We also walked down to the Chrissy Fields Beach one morning. We easily caught the bus to go down to the wharf and another day up to Golden Gate Park. Easy to go anywhere on the buses and trolleys from this motel. There is free, free, free covered parking as a big bonus and the room rates was exceptionally low.	
Sep 1 2008	Great Location for a Quaint Hotel	The last few reviews are fairly accurate. We had a Lombard-side room which was fairly noisy. Lombard is a major throroughfare, so there is traffic at most hours of the night, with just a small decrease in the wee hours. Had we know, I certainly would have requested an inner courtyard or east side room. Also, the DVD player on our TV had tape over it, which seemed a bit tacky.That said, it is a sweet place in a great location. The room was comfortable and well-maintained. The same family has owned/managed the hotel since it was build in 1939, which says a lot. You can see they put some care into the maintenance (they were painting garden scenes on the walls during our stay). There's lots of stuff within walking distance (Presidio, Chestnut St., etc.) or bus line (Alcatraz trip, Embarcadero). And the price is quite reasonable for SF. We would definitely stay again assuming we could move the room.	
Aug 27 2008 	Courtyard Room a Must	The Marina Motel has a great location and is within walking distance of some great restaurants, shops, cinema. 10 minutes by bus to Fisherman's Wharf, free parking..... all as per the Motel spiel.However, unless you are used to traffic noise, I implore you to book a room off Lombard Street in the courtyard. We took sleeping pills to help us get an hour or two of rest, but still found it difficult. We tried to change our room, but the Motel was fully booked, so we decided it was easier to stay for our remaining three nights than to pack up and try again. It did mean we spent every waking moment away from our room. We crammed a lot into our 5 days in San Francisco!!	
Aug 23 2008	Good value-not perfect	My mom and I stayed at the Marina Motel recently. I brought my small dog along too and we stayed for 3 nights. Overall, this was a good place to stay, despite a few flaws. It seems there are trade-offs with every place, so this was no exception. The Chestnut St. neighborhood has a lot of good restaurants and shops (including a couple of pet-related shops and Peets Coffee), and we liked the proximity to the Palace of FIne Arts, Crissy Field and the Presidio. It's close to the Golden Gate Bridge. The motel is also within walking distance to a neighborhood called Cow Hollow. So, the location is one of the best things about the motel. We liked the fact that we could park underneath our unit (most of the time), and the motel setting is very pretty with lots of bouganvillia, fuschia, etc. Cheerful. A real plus is that they allow pets and don't charge you an arm and a leg to stay there. The rooms weren't perfect - the windows had a mind of their own and the radiator was unpredictable and noisy. The door could use weather stripping. It was really nice that there were windows on both sides of the room. The beds were okay - we had 2 full size beds and one of them seemed newer because it was quite a bit firmer than the other one. The room was pretty clean and the staff friendly. One corner of the carpet smelled a bit like pet urine. The bathroom had a window which was nice and the shower was roomy and everything worked well. You aren't supposed to leave your pet in the room alone, which we obeyed, but our neighbors left their dog in their room alone and it barked often. The TV was a modern flat screen. Would I recommend this place? Yes, definitely, despite a few minor flaws.	
Aug 10 2008 	Not the Ritz but a decent place to stay	We found the place thru Frommers and it has already been mentioned that this place is not the Ritz. We got a &quot;family room&quot;. Which is 2 rooms and a bathroom. The front room is facing Lombard, so it is very loud, but our kids sleep like bricks, so they were fine. The back room was alittle quieter, so that worked better for us. If noise is a problem for you, I would not recommend the rooms that are up along Lombard. Ask for the rooms on the back side of the motel. But this worked fine for us and the fridge and microwave were useful.The rooms were both very dated and tiny. There is barely a foot of walking room around the beds. The bathroom is actually spacious in comparison even though very dated.The rooms are kept clean and the maid was always done with the rooms before we came back around lunchtime. There are so many great places to eat on Chestnut street, this was a great location. Alot of sights are within walking distance if you don't mind hiking it. But there are bus stops all over the place and you can get anywhere if you hop on the right bus. It did take a bit to figure out the right bus though, so I suggest you look at the routes online before your trip, or use their free wi-fi when you get to the motel. Or I imagine you can pick up a bus schedule somewhere. Bus 39 on Chestnut went everywhere though: Fisherman's wharf, Little Italy, China Town, Financial district. Or ask for a transfer when you board the bus. Also, the bus drivers were all very friendly if you need help.Overall, the price was nice compared to other places in the area and the free parking would make it a steal if you have a car (we just walked everywhere though).Take advantage of the BOGO breakfast coupon from the lobby. The prices were high, but if you're buying just 2 dishes, then the free one makes up for the overpriced first dish. But be ready, everything in San Fran is expensive, so this is not a bad deal at all. Also, check the times on the coupon before you go. I think Sundays had a time restriction.	
Aug 3 2008	Sleep tight...but be careful in room 28	We are frequent travelers who look for the best value for the money- the Marina Motel seemed to fit all of our requirements- reasonable price, good location, parking included, kitchenette, free wi-fi. With three people in the party we tried to book a room with two double beds, but they were already booked, so we had a double with a rollaway cot- ROOM 28. It was a very small room, but adequate and on the inner courtyard to reduce the noise from Lombard Street. The location is around the corner from Chestnut Street which has good restaurants, a market for groceries, and a stop for the bus to go downtown. All in all we liked it except:After a couple of days, we discovered some strange bugs on the walls and bed-we did an internet search and also took a couple of them to Heidi, the manager, who confirmed that they were indeed bedbugs. She was very proactive and called Terminex immediately, but they could not come until the next day- in the interim the staff vacuumed and cleaned the room thoroughly. Being a summer weekend in San Francisco, with most hotels filled, we did not have many options other than giving them a chance to try to eliminate the problem. However, when we returned to the room after Terminex had been there and steam cleaned, there were still bugs in the room, and the rollaway was too wet to sleep on, either from the steam cleaning or something being spilled on it. The night clerk was less than helpful, seemed to be a surfer dude/space cadet- he did not want to contact Heidi and told us we could &quot;bite the bullet and stay,&quot; or find another hotel ( not easy at midnite on Saturday). He did make a few calls to hotels, then said he couldn't help us anymore because he had &quot;paperwork&quot; to do. When he was finally convinced to call Heidi, she was of course very upset that we still had a problem.  We were able to make reservations elsewhere for the remainder of our stay, but one of our party came home covered with terrible bites, requiring a day off from work for a doctor's visit and steroid prescriptions to alleviate the inflamation and itching. Overall, there were a lot of things to recommend this motel, but under the circumstances it was a disastrous stay, and knowing what we do now, we would have moved out immediately upon finding the first evidence of bedbugs.  We know that this can happen at any hotel and we thought Heidi was very friendly, responsive, concerned and cooperative, but we heard from one desk clerk that this had been a problem in this room before- if that is true, they need to be more agressive in their monitoring of the rooms. Also, a certain desk clerk needs to be a little less &quot;laid back&quot; and more customer friendly.	
Jul 16 2008 	Unique Personality	You can see what we mean by unique personality from the photographs on the Marina Motel website, www.marinamotel.com. The Marina Motel is an excellent value in a good location for anyone who enjoys walking in San Francisco neighborhoods, such as the Marina, and along the edge of San Francisco Bay, which is just a few blocks north of the motel. There are many good restaurants, coffee shops, and other neighborhood commercial establishments nearby, especially along Chestnut Street behind the motel. Although the rooms are small by today's standards, keep in mind that the Marina Motel is a motel of the late 1930s in style and layout, which owners have taken care to respect while modernizing in other ways for visitor convenience and comfort. Although not within walking distance to SF downtown (Union Square area), it's easy to get there by public transportation or driving your own car. Likewise any other SF neighborhood of interest. Wherever you want to go, you can count on the people at the front desk to help you find your way. We look forward to our next visit.	
May 8 2008	Great Place	What a great find, we had a nice room off to the side of the flower filled courtyard. They do a really nice job of keeping the place clean and comfortable.There are no frills in this charming place but they like dogs and the price is great, the location is also excellent and very safe.You can walk to the Presidio in about 5 mins and there is a small dog park just through the entrance. I would stay here again , choose a room thats not facing Lombard as I imagine they would be quite noisy.	
Apr 14 2008 	A Great Bargain for San Francisco	I have stayed at the Marina Motel many times. For one thing, parking is free in individual covered spaces. That's no small deal because a typical hotel will charge $20 - $30 per night for parking in San Francisco. If you are looking for a Holiday-Inn-style place this is probably not your motel. This is a 1930's vintage motel and that's part of its charm. All the bathrooms have been modernized, and the staff keeps the place very clean. If you can get one of the rooms with a kitchen, it will really help you keep your expenses down by eating a few meals in your room. There are a bunch of great restaurants at various price levels within walking distance of the motel. The staff at the motel are really friendly and extremely helpful. One caveat, I always request a room that is away from Lombard street because it is a heavily travelled street with a lot of noise.	
Mar 21 2008 	Good value for your money	This was the 4th time in about 6 years that I have stayed here. It is a room to sleep. It can be a place to call home for a few days if you wish to have the room with kitchen. They would then set you up with all cleaning items and utensils that you would have at home. I think it is a great place to stay. It is not the Hilton or the Fairmont, but then the price is not as well. It is so convenient for the Chestnut St. shops and restaurants and just a couple of blocks to all that Union St. has to offer. I know some other person had complaint with staff, but I have never found them to be less than helpful. I can't say enough about how pleasant my stays have been here.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great value great area in San Francisco	I was a little skeptical about booking this motel after reading some of the reviews, but I'm very happy I chose this motel. My husband and I stayed here for two nights with our two small dogs. Although the room was small, it was clean and had an large dresser and plenty of closet space. The BEST thing about this hotel is the location. It's just a few blocks away from the Marina which me and my husband love, especially with our dogs (there are walking/running paths, a dog beach and spectacular views of the Golden Gate Bridge). The motel was also a block away from great restaurants and shops on Chesnut street where we could eat outside with our dogs. The free parking is also a major plus. I recommend this hotel if you don't want to spend a lot on a hotel, but want a great San Francsico experience.	
Aug 22 2007 	Dirty Unsafe Unacceptable Rude Terrible and Down right Bad	Do not ignore all the negitive reviews....I did and I regret it.The Marina Motel was built around 1931 and boy does it show. Rooms do not have air conditioning , and interior doors on rooms (bathroom and closet) use skeleton keys. The rooms look like something out of a black and white movie, Walls are painted Half and Half, changing color half way up the wall. Rooms are dirty, and old. Rooms have no ventalation except windows, Which either open to the court yard, Lombard Street, or to an makeshift metal roof, that makes your room easily accessable to other guests who are staying across the way from your window. Rooms are Small and show the age, our room had cracks in the cealing, as well as a small crack on the wall. The Beds are horribly small. They Claim they are doubles but I think that they are smaller. Locks on windows are bad and required us to work on them to get them to close. Our Windows had to stay closed all night which made our room feel like we were sleeping with a Fireplace going at full blast!The location of the Marina Motel is good and bad, you have a great little burger joint called Liverpool Lil's located down about 3 blocks, and a Mel's diner not that far in the opposite direction. The morning after our first and last night there I walked to the walgreens in the morning and saw Drug Paraphanala on the ground. NOT SOMETHING I WANT IN MY AREA. When we arrived at the Marina Motel, it was well after check in. We checked in and made our way up the stairs to the room. We swiped our key, opened the door and were shocked to seen Beer Bottles, food containers and an unmade bed. The Maid never got around to cleaning our room and we went back the the desk and told the girl our room was not clean and it had to be cleaned. It took approx one hour to get a made to clean the room. We were orignally booked at the Marina for a couple of nights, we only could survive one night there and it still suprizes me that we lasted that long. When we were quickly getting our things out of the room I began taking pictures of the horrible place they call a motel, and I discovered that our shower had BLACK MOLD growing in the upper corner of the shower. As you know BLACK MOLD is a dangerous form of mold.This place needs to be shut down, renovated, and put under new management. I would suggest not staying at the Marina and if you do have reservations CANCEL THEM NOW!!!!	
Jul 30 2007 	Hidden Gem in San Francisco	A beautiful room in the heart of San Francisco for $95 dollars a night?!? I couldn't believe it! The Marina Motel is truly a hidden gem in San Francisco. Built in 1939, it has retained all its original architecture and charm with the addition of modern amenities. Each room on the property comes with free garage parking in the flower-filled courtyard. Many rooms include small kitchens and all rooms have microwaves, coffee makers and mini-fridges. We stayed a night in July and had an exceptional experience. Booking the room over the phone was quick and easy and check-in took no time at all. The staff was friendly and helpful and even provided us with 2-for-1 breakfast coupons for a local diner. The room was clean and crisp with windows that opened to the courtyard allowing us to enjoy the cool breezes blowing off the bay. Located on Lombard Street, it was a quick walk to dinner in Fisherman's Wharf and close to coffee shops, pubs and other attractions. A small, quiet property offering serenity in the heart of a busy city, this is one to try for a weekend away, especially for those interested in a retro 1930's property.This will be my hotel of choice for future visits to San Francisco	
Jul 24 2007 	beware !!	We are two adults and two children. So we booked a suite with a separate bedroom. The first night we had to sleep with 4 in a narrow room because the owner said they werent avaible. But the second night of our three booked nights we could move. Than we got a room with an old fire, named a kitchen. But we still slept all tohether in an even smaller room. That second night six teenagers took one room at 2 AM next to are room. They had a party there and we decided to search an other motel.	
Jun 20 2007 	Great place to stay in SF	This is one of those places in SF we keep coming back to. It's old, and bit worn, and the rooms tend to be a bit cramped, but it's clean, comfortable, and well-kept. It dates back to the construction of the Golden Gate bridge. There's a lot to like. The location is close to many really good restaurants along Chestnut Street, and it's an easy (and safe) walk down to the bay, where one finds the well-known Greens restaurant with its great view of the Golden Gate. All the rooms are on the 2nd floor, with small parking garages underneath, perfect for a rental car. It's on Lombard Street, with regular bus service, and is surprisingly easy to get in and out of. A 24 hour Walgreens is in the same block. The rooms vary, but each of the rooms we've stayed in have had a beautifully tiled shower stall, refrigerator, and closet,. The facility is arranged in a large square with an inner courtyard that includes a building with additional rooms and is ringed with a spectacular array of flowering plants. The Marina is not a 5-star accommodation, lacking things like a lounge and similar amenities, but on the other hand, the value can't be argued with and its other advantages put it up there with far more expensive places. Besides, in SF, you want to be out and about, not hanging around in your accommodations. We regularly visit the city and in the Winter typically stay in tonier places near Union Square, but this is where we stay when in town during the warmer months when we want to be nearer the water.	
Jun 5 2007 	A great experience	The motel enhanced our week vacation. It was close to public transportation. It has parking for your rental. The rooms are clean and they have great service. Of course, the staff was very friendly. It is located in a lovely neighborhood. Someone should tare down the Bridge Motel or remodel it. This place is just to the East of the Marina and looks like a flophouse.Overall, it was comforting to come home to the Marina each night after our journeys throughout San Francisco. The Marina area gave us the opportunity to dine out or eat in with many options to choose. We do recommend that you get a room in the courtyard. If we return we will definitely stay at the Marina.	
Jun 1 2007 	Great family stay	The Marina Motel is located near the western end of Lombard St., just around the corner from the busy shops and restaurants of Chestnut Street in S.F. The facility was built as a motor inn in 1939 with garages at ground level and the rooms over them in a Mediterranean style, which is now attractively draped in colorful climbing bougainvillea. The Marina is a charming place to stay and has a great atmosphere. It is somewhat funky and a bit frayed around the edges. The motel was last redecorated in the '80's and the age of the re-do is definitely beginning to show. The rooms, however, unlike so many S.F. hotels, are of good size and many have windows on two sides. There is no a/c. Many rooms, the ones really worth having, have kitchenettes. Lombard St. is really noisy, so the best rooms are those on the north side of the facility, well away from it. We stayed in two rooms on the west side of the motel, well in from Lombard, but still fairly noisy. Bus lines into Union Square are conveniently nearby on Chestnut St. There are a nice array of very good neighborhood spots on Chestnut in which to eat.Altogether we very much enjoyed our stay at the Marina.	
May 22 2007 	Well located boutique hotel	This hotel was recommended by another boutique motel that was full for the nights we wanted to stay. They recommended Marina Motel because of its safe location -- I was originally looking to stay around Union Square. I was SO glad to have listened and stayed outside the busiest area of SF -- this hotel provided breathing space, but was very well connected to the city. The bus line is just a block away and runs all hours - the most we ever waited was 5 minutes, both by the hotel and in the city, for a bus...and it also runs to all of the great sights in SF. The hotel was well accomodating and the staff very friendly. Would recommend to anyone looking for a no-frills, conveniently located boutique hotel in SF.	
Apr 24 2007 	Not Picture Perfect LOL	I booked this on line and it was a surprise. Had to fight the birds for a garage, and bathroom was just a hall way. Mirror was on the left side of the sink and you had to stand between the toilet and the wall to see in it. There was steam heat and I froze until the middle of the night then it got really warm. Hard to control! Left the next morning and found a much nicer place two blocks down that was less expensive and welcomed my pet with no additional charge. Marina allows pets but made me sign a paper saying if I left them alone in the room they could call a pet sitter and charge me. Pictures can be deceiving!!	
Apr 5 2007 	Charming Quaint Off the Beaten Path	- Easy to find- Expectations were met after reading reviews on this site. Nothing real fancy, cozy and quaint rooms, the courtyard setting is great with birds chirping, etc. Wild parrots flew overhead a couple of times.- Great location with restaurants, shopping, Golden Gate Bridge, Marina, Palace of Fine Arts, public transport nearby. 10-15 minute bus ride to the Wharf.- Garages - the garages are kind of a free-for-all, but we never had a difficult time finding an open slot. But...if you can park underneath your own unit, it's recommended. One night we missed our spot and in the morning, we could feel the another guests car doors shut and motors start. The entry into the garages are pretty narrow, but we have a 2001 BMW 740iL and we were able to squeeze it in pretty nicely.- No A/C - but, our stay couldn't have had better weather. Spring, sunny, little bit of a breeze and cool temps...nice San Francisco days. We opened the windows during the day-time when we were in the room and closed them in the evening. No noise from the street seems too loud.- Room location - the lay-out of the motel is a big &quot;U&quot; with units/garages along the outside of the &quot;U&quot; and an island of units/garages in the center. We had a corner unit at the north end of the island. Not too much street noise at all. We had two windows in the room itself and a window in the bathroom. I loved the airy atmosphere.- Small microwave, small refrigerator, coffee maker with coffee and hot chocolate- TV had a DVD player. We brought our own DVDs, but a Blockbuster is just up the street on Lombard.- Bathroom - was probably re-done a couple of years ago and very nice. The shower is relatively large with lots of water pressure and nice high shower head (the freakishly tall husband of mine loved that feature), there were two sinks in our bathroom with was actually very nice since we had two teenage girls (phew!), everything worked great. The towels aren't nice 'n fluffy-like, but there were plenty of them. Shampoo and lotion was provided, but bring conditioner.- Steam heater (I think that's what it's called) - the room has an old-fashioned steam heater and it does make noise. We had to turn it off in the middle of the night because it went through some cycles and it made quite a bit of noise. No big deal.- Beds - (2) full size beds - We had my daughter and her friend share a bed, the husband had his own (remember - he's freakishly tall) and I slept on a roll-away. My bed was just right. I didn't hear any complaints from the kids or husband either. Pillows were kinda hard, but not bad.I did see other guests with their dogs and wished I had mine with me. A few families and some foreign visitors (Brits?). The management was friendly and helpful. At check-in we were given a 2-for-1 coupon to Judy's Cafe on Chestnut, about 2 1/2 blocks from the motel. Good food and service.I would stay at this motel again.	
Feb 13 2007	Interesting Hotel	The hotel is in a very busy area of San Francisco and the directions from the hotel website were not correct. The hotel was quaint and had a cute atmosphere but the rooms were quiet small and you can hear everything your neighbors say or do. The area is convenient to buses and taxis to travel to the tourist areas. They allowed our 2 animals to stay in our rooms and the units have a small garage beneath them for your vehicle. There is no air conditioner and we left the windows open at night for air circulation which was not a great thing to do. You can hear everything from your hotel room.A positive aspect of our trip was the night manager who was of a great help in assisting us with our directions out of town and any questions we had.	
Nov 7 2006 	Economic and Practical Choice	I think these were rental apartments. Our &quot;room&quot; came with a eat-in kitchen, which had a full size fridge, microwave, stove and range, and coffee maker. It was great to be able to make hot chocolate at night without resorting to the coffee maker, and also to keep and heat up left-overs. The courtyard outside is super pretty. We didn't have a car b/c the bus stop is right outside but it's pretty amazing that they have free parking. There was a problem with our bathroom lights, maybe they were motion activiated. I was taking a long shower and the lights went off. When I stepped out they went back on though. I'm not sure if all rooms come with this but ours had a DVD TV combo, and there's a blockbuster video about 1.5 blocks away.The room itself was okay, a bit old and dingy, kind of like staying with a grandma. The bed was comfortable and the size (having an extra kitchen) really makes it feel more homey and comfortable. The location is great. It is in a super neighborhood and there are two bus routes that will take you to fisherman's wharf and other fun places. The neighborhood had some excellent restaurants, a great grocery store, and a retro-style movie theatre. You have to walk pass a somewhat scary &quot;bridge motel&quot; and there's always someone asking for change in front of the Walgreens around the corner, but it wasn't too bad.We didn't get a chance to walk over to the marina but I'm sure its very pretty.	
Sep 19 2006 	Perfect for us!	My husband and I own a small motel of our own so we like to stay at those that remind us of ours. The staff was friendly, the rooms were small but very clean. Each room has its own garage, though we did not drive. It is conveniently located in the marina district and the buses run right in front of the motel. There are great restaurants nearby, Judys Cafe was our fave! All of the sights are not in walking distance, but the public transporation is nearby. The Exploratorium is few blocks away and sells a CityPass for transportation. The Golden Gate Bridge is almost in eyeshot of the motel. The wharf area is also very close. We did a lot of walking and felt like we were locals. The motel is right near homes so you are not surrounded by other tourists. I would recommend anyone to stay here. They allow pets in some rooms. We did not see any fleas or anything of that nature so DO NOT let this sway you towards another hotel. I stayed in the financial district at the Plaza my first time for business. I liked the area of the Marina Motel much better! You really do feel like you live there!	
Aug 3 2006 	Lovely stay	We stayed for 10 days at the Marina Motel. Our second visit. After three days we moved to a bigger unit. The rooms are small but cozy, the apartment with bed room is really nice. I love that there are little kitchens, which makes traveling with our dog easier. The staff including house keeping is very friendly and helpfull.I just love the neighborhood, shopping and Presidio close by. The rooms could be a little cleaner, but it is acceptable. This is definitively our place to stay while we are in San Francisco. The courtyard is really charming.	
Jul 31 2006	Interesting place	I wasn't sure how to classify this place. I also was undecided whether to give it an average rating or above average. I guess it depends what you compare it to. I gave it an above average rating because it felt comfortable. I know some of the botique hotels in SF are a bit nicer with nicer touches but this place is a little different.We booked two rooms at the Marina Courtyard Motel. One was $132 for two doubles and the other was $125 for a queen. From the street side on Lombard Street it would be easy to drive by and miss it. But once you turn inside the small driveway you feel like you are in a different setting. Beautiful hanging flowers surround the place giving it an almost surreal setting. You can hear the traffic on Lombard. We have an inside room and whether you have the windows open or shut there is a good chance you will hear the traffic. The rooms are clean and the staff friendly. THe bathroom was clean. Furniture was adequate. Being above ground level you can open all the windows in the room for fresh air. The area is safe and I was able to take a run down to the marina. Anywhere behind the hotel takes you towards the marina. The location is just minutes from the Golden Gate Bridge and the Presidio. Chestnut street is a block over and hosts neat shops and dining establishments. We ate breakfast at Ella's serving the best pancakes around. We also went to a pizza place called Little Star on Divisadero which serves some of the best pizza anywhere. Both places are frequented by the locals. Both places require you to drive.Overall, if you want a true hotel then this might not be the place for you. But if you want something a little different then I would recommend you try this place. I took my family here and would do it again.	
Feb 21 2006	Teensy room but lovely courtyard free parking and great neighborhood	I stayed in room 19, which was tucked toward the back of the grounds and was set back from Lombard; was very very quiet. Also quite clean and felt fairly private. The view was of a wall; but I didn't really care.The courtyard is lovely, with many interesting plants.The motel is in a great neighborhood. I wandered the streets of the Marina/Cow Hollow neighborhood, admiring the architecture and making it down to the water for a lovely view of Golden Gate bridge. Many restaurants and great shopping are within close proximity. Best of all, even though it's tight, parking is included.I'd definitely recommend this lodging for the traveler on a budget who's looking for an active vacation in the middle of a bustling city.	
Nov 15 2005	Noisy	I must agree with the previous poster...perhaps we were there the same weekend - we also had a very negative experience with the noise levels. Upon arriving at the Marina Motel, we were thrilled. It is a cute little place, with a charming courtyard that reminded my husband of places he's visited in the Mediterranean. We checked in, and although the rooms were small and old (old furniture and tv), they were clean and suitable. After reading previous trip advisor suggestions, we requested a room facing the courtyard instead of the street (noisy) and received one. However, I think I would have preferred to hear street traffic all night compared to what we did hear. I'm not sure whether our neighbors were drunk or what, but they walked up and down the stairs all night, slammed their hotel door constantly, and kept starting their car and revving the engine. After about a half-hour of non-stop noise, I decided to call the front desk and complain, only to realize that it was after midnight and the office was closed. So, we had to put up with the noise all night, and couldn't fall asleep for about 2 hours. It was pretty miserable.On the plus side, this hotel is in a great location. It's quite a bargain for the price. Just take a walk around the block and you're on a street with many great restaurants, shopping, a cute movie theater, and cafes (where I had the best white chocolate mocha I've ever had - forget Starbucks!)	
Oct 17 2005	Good Value in the Marina District	We chose the Marina Motel in the Marina District as home base for our first trip to SF. Great location, friendly staff, quirky/charming surroundings, clean rooms, and a good value. From the motel, it's an easy walk to the bay, past lovely art deco styled Marina District homes. From the bay, walk to the right for Ghirardelli Square and Fisherman's wharf and cablecars to downtown; walk to the left for the beach and the Exploratorium and the Golden Gate Bridge. The motel is just one block from Chestnut Street restaurants, bakeries, shops and an old-fashioned movie theatre...very much a neighborhood feel (vs. the touristy Wharf area or the frantic downtown area). You can use the money you save by staying at the Marina to finance some special dinners or a little shopping !	
Oct 8 2005	Disappointed	This hotel has such great reviews that I was sure it was going to be fantastic. To my disappointment, it was average at best. I made reservations months in advance for a room with a kitchen for my husband and I and our 2 dogs. When I called to confirm, they told me there were no rooms with kitchens available. OK... so we had a smaller room. The parking IS free, but the cars are so crammed in that it's next to impossible to get in and out. But my biggest complaint is the NOISE! There were noisy cars in the courtyard, paper thin walls, and a noisy staircases with people going up and down all night. Needless to say, none of us got much sleep. It is difficult to find a hotel that accepts pets, and they were very accommodating. But I just don't think this hotel deserves the raves that others' have given it.	
May 27 2005	great place	We just stayed at the Marina Motel for 4 nights and had an exellent time. We were in rooms 20 and 21 which share a bathroom so it is great for a family or 2 couples. The rooms are a bit small but nicely decorated. Our rooms were in the back corner of the courtyard so they were very quiet. There is enough parking for everybody, it is a tight squeeze at times but really you just want to park once and use the bus when going into town. There is a busstop on Lombard not even a block away but forget about that one, walk one block down to Chestnut and take the number 30 bus into town. It will just about get you anywhere. We did get the coupon for the 2 for 1 breakfast but decided that Judy's was a bit expensive especially when across the street from the hotel (on Divisadero/Lombard) you can have breakfast for about 4 dollars. They aren't very fast but the food was good. There are plenty of restaurants in the area as well so when you don't want to eat in town you can always get something near the hotel. All in all it was a perfect city hotel. You can get to the sightseeing points quickly and easily and there are enough amenities near the hotel (a 24 hr wallgreens for example) as well.	
Feb 9 2005	What a cute place!	My husband, myself and our two small dogs just returned from an overnight stay in San Francisco. Our main reason to visit was to try out the Marina Motel, we saw their ad on a dog friendly website. It was such a nice place. The staff was pleasant and friendly, the room, although a bit smaller than the newer motels nowadays, was very nice and cozy. It had a new microwave, refrigerator, coffe maker. ample closet with and iron and board supplies. The bathroom was very clean with all the little freebies that the big swanky hotels have. The grounds were kept very nice, it had a courtyard the dogs enjoyed sniffing and spending time in. It is just a few blocks away from the Marina area and Palace of Fine Arts which made a great morning walk. The only negative thing I could say would be, the walls were a bit thin, we could here our neighbors getting up and getting ready and we were not right on the street but close to it, so we heard that a bit too. 	
Jan 4 2005	clean and very comfortable	A delightful, homey motel with free parking, in a great part of town (great restaurants within walking distance). Genuinely friendly service. This was our first stay at this motel and we'll return. Great value!	
Nov 5 2004	Charming and Friendly	We felt like we were staying in a small European Inn with a quiet back courtyard and beautiful wall murals decorating the outside of the Spanish style buildings. Although we were just around the corner from some great people watching at the numerous sidewalk cafes, restaurants and cute little boutiques on Chestnut Street, we were also only five minutes away from Fishermans Wharf. Each room comes with a garage so we took the advice of the front desk person and hopped on the bus for $1.25 to Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf and Union Square. The people at the front desk were very helpful and recommended really good local places to eat and the owners golden retriever, Calvin, makes the place feel more like home. The rooms were on the small side but all the flowers in the courtyard made up for it. We were told that the original owner's grandaughters run the place now but he built the motel in the late 1930's for the opening of the Golden Gate Bridge (2 min away by car). The motel was in a really good neighborhood and we walked on the beach to the Golden Gate Bridge and another day to Fisherman's Wharf and took the bus back. Next time we return we want to get a room with a kitchen and we might even bring our dog since a few of the rooms are pet-friendly.	
Sep 13 2004	Price was right!	Stayed here for two days in early september. Room was small, but for the price, the value was unbeatable (for san francisco atleast). Free parking was a huge plus. There is no AC, but in SF you rarely need it. Request an inner room, due to noise on street. Very close to bus to Wharf area.Would stay again.	
Aug 3 2004	Very nice	We got a room with a kitchen. Not recent but very nice. Stayed there 4 days.	
Jul 29 2004	If you're driving to (or renting a car in) San Francisco...	I travel to SF often , and I always stay in a different place and then put my review on this useful website when i return.My most recent stay--at The Marina Courtyard Motel--was excellent. I discovered the place here, but booked my room directly through their website.I paid 89 dollars a night. The motel is located on Lombard Street in the Marina district---this is the long wide busy street full of hotels and motels that leads to and from the Golden Gate Bridge. In fact, the Marina motel was built to celebrate the opening of the bridge, and it does have a unique early 20th century charm, with its Spanish details and courtyard filled with flowers. Ask for a room facing into the courtyard, so you won't be bothered as much by Lombard traffic, though the Marina is at the quieter end of Lombard, close to the park and bridge entrance. The motel is literally two blocks from the entrance to the famous Presido. I jogged every morning there and the big shady forested paths were idyllic. The motel gave us a 2 for 1 breakfast voucher for a really good and popular joint on Chestnut street: an upscale, bustling shopping area right around the corner from the motel.We had an extra car since my friend met me there, and they let us have 2 private enclosed garages for our vehicles for no charge. Try finding that ANYWHERE else in SF. If you drive to SF, this is the deal. The rooms were small but not tiny, and were clean and cozy with nice windows that open into the courtyard. The only thing I will complain about is a personal pet peeve: the use of flourescent light bulbs, which you find here and almost everywhere; they give everything a sickening glow. SO, walk 50 feet from the hotel to the convenient 24 hour Walgreen's Drugstore and spend a dollar or two for your own incandescent bulbs to screw into the lamps and you'll be set (unless u like looking sickly). This is a great find. The staff were super helpful, friendly and accomodating. I will stay here everytime i drive to SF. Note: not all rooms have bathtubs, so ask.	
Jul 29 2004	A wonderful choice	We come to SF each summer for camp at the Exploratorium and are always looking for a homey place close by. The Marina Courtyard Motel fits this to a &quot;T&quot;. The small, but comfortable, rooms are loaded with personality. The kitchens include gas stove, fridge, oven and dishware. Within a few minutes walk is Chestnut Street in the middle of the Cow Hollow district, where you will find everything from groceries to health clubs and enough lovely restaurants to eat from a different ethnicity each day for weeks. The hotel proprietors are super: responsive, polite and enthusiastic. Several of the rooms seem to be in their original 1939 condition, whereas others have been updated. This is reflected in modest price differences.Suggestion: Ask for a room off of Lombard Street protected by the courtyard. Lombard is very noisy, causing us to vacate, for example, the Inn at the Presidio nearby.	
Mar 9 2004	Fantastic !!!! European style	I stayed there with my sister, it was great, clean and affordable. European style (Only desing) you have free parking, no traffic, I reccomend this 100%	
Mar 14 2002	fantastic	This was one of the best hotels that I have ever been in. First, we stayed in an apartment room near the garden, and we had our own kitchen and dining room, so we could have breakfast in the room. The staff is charming, and Oli, the owner is wonderful. The great part is if you just don't want to sightsee out of the Marina one day, the Science Center and Crissy Field are just a walk away. Behind the hotel is Chesnut Street, which has a variety of shops and cafes. On Lombard St itself, there are is a wide collection of restaurants, each with a diffrent type of cusine(we ate a diffrent type of food every night). The hotel has a bus stop nearby, so if you don't want to use a car there is plenty of public transportation. Definitely pick the Marina Courtyard motel for your next stay, your won't regret it.	
Aug 19 2009 	Motel correcte mais un peu viellot.		
