Oct 2 2009 	Yummy Breakfast 	When we first arrived. We had two choices stay at the Civic Center Inn or at Alexis Park. Luckily we choosed Alexis Park. Rate were very budget friendly and front desk staff was insightfull with helping us get around with Public Transportation. The place seemed newley remodeled, they also have a flat screen TV w/ DVD player. And may I add Free Parking! Pros: Great Breakfast, Great Rates, Free ParkingCons: No elevators	
Sep 28 2009 	Good for the price	After checking about 15 hotels, we decided to stay at the alexis park. The price was reasonable compared to most of the other hotels on lombard st. Parking is limited to first come first serve, but compared to other hotels is FREE. Most hotels we went to charged between $5-$30 a day for parking. Staff was helpful with public transportation to help us get around without a car. Rooms were clean. Read the other reviews on this site as we as others, and found nothing wrong with the rooms or the staff. Location is around alot of homeless, and other skeptical areas, but being around in sf for 3 days it seems like everywhere has homeless people. Its part of a big city in America.	
Sep 22 2009 	This place nearly DESTROYED what should have been a very nice trip.	We had previously stayed at the Alexis Park Hotel and had a good time. It was in an admittedly dicey area of town but I am not one to be put off by a few homeless junkies. I requested one room and wanted that one room ONLY because it is a little more privately located, has upgraded features and a window that looks out onto the street. I would not stay in any other room in this hotel. When I made the reservation months before our travel date I was assured that I would be guarenteed that room. Well you can probably guess where this story is going. When I called to verify our reservation on the date we expected to check in I was told...oh your room has been given to somebody else but we will give you comprable accomodations. We arrived at the hotel late the first night of our stay, exhausted from our travel, and were given a filthy room, urine in the toilet, floor sticky, carpet stinky,and so dirty we had to keep our shoes on to walk around. It was beyond gross. It was very late at night and we decided to just pull the bedcover off the bed and try to sleep for a while touching as few surfaces as possible. I wish now I would have taken photos but we just wanted to get out of there and photos would not communicate the smell and sickening miasma that hovered in the place.The staff was uninterested in our discomfort with the conditions in the room. The room they gave us was in no way like the room we had reserved. They took the attitude that if we did not like it we could leave. We were very happy to do so. We did note that theTripAdvisor ratingsfor this place had plummeted since we had first visited a year ago and mentioned it to the 'owner/manager'. His reponse was to shout obscenities at us in broken English as we walked out of the office and down through the parking lot to our car. It took us about an hour to find a nice place to stay for the next two nights, no big deal, but the change in plans added an unwelcome layer of stress and frustration to our holiday. Please do yourself a favor and steer clear of these scumbags and their seedy site.	
Aug 17 2009 	Ok but.........	Hotel is rated 2 stars by AAA. AAA does not rate the surrounding area. This hotel is located in a marginal area of town about 2.5 miles from the wharf. After hours the surrounding streets are filled with transcients, hookers, and transvestites. Also, the hotel does not have ample parking so if your activities take you out after 10pm, beware.On a positive note, the staff is friendly and tries to be accommodating	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Staff!!!	A great hotel and GREAT STAFF!!!Checked into the hotel in the afternoon and all i can say is that the staff there was amazing. i spoke with a nice gentleman whose name was Santos, he did a wonderful job in helping us around the city and telling us places to go and where to buy certain things as well as saving money. I don't think i have ever seen a front desk agent as wonderful as Santos was. i would reccomend speaking to santos when you do check in. the area is not as great but its not bad either being downtown san francisco. just ask for alternative routes and you will be on your way.i would reccomend this hotel for people looking for a great room at a great price and more for the staff quality.	
Mar 14 2008 	Lovely hotel	A group of us, eight in total, went to a conference in San Francisco this early March. We found this hotel on the web and were happy to see lots of good reviews on this hotel before we took the trip. When we arrived at the hotel, the rooms were really nice and very clean. The bathroom had body spray shower heads and was very functional. My room had a LCD TV mounted on the wall. It had all basic cable channels. I didn't have any trouble in falling sleep although I usually have difficulty in sleeping when I travel. My advisor also told me that he also had very nice sleep every night during the stay. However, the neighbourhood was a ittle too noisy. We also saw some weird people walking on the streets nearby this hotel. In general, we all enjoyed this hotel. I would like to recommend it to you.	
Dec 6 2007 	Better that you'd expect and the best value the area	This hotel is way nicer that you would expect given the price and the area. Ok, so the neighborhood is kinda borderline, technically in the Tenderloin, but only a block east of Van Ness which is where Cathedral Hill starts. It's about a 10-15 min walk to Union Square, but I would recommend walking up Larkin and then heading east down Geary or Post rather than Ellis which becomes quite scary about 2-3 blocks east of the hotel. It's amazing what a difference a block makes in this area. The rooms open up onto the parking lot, which is also where the ice and vending machines are. There are no interior corridors. The rooms themselves are very nice, looking recently refurbished, including a wall mounted LCD TV with built in DVD player and input to plug in your own equipment such as a video camera should you desire. There is also free wifi and continental breakfast in the lobby. The bathroom is large with some rooms featuring a big jacuzzi tub/shower combo complete with multiple shower heads that spray in different directions. You can have a great time splashing around like a seal in this thing if you don't mind turning into a prune. The bed is average, about like you'd expect at a Comfort Inn. This is also one of the few hotels in downtown SF with free parking, but it is rather limited, so don't count on a space being available if you arrive late in the evening. All said, this place is an excellent deal, just keep in mind that's essentially a really nice motel in a slightly iffy area.	
Nov 8 2007 	Great hotel Very Nice Staff Clean Rooms	This hotel is wonderful. The room condition is above the average. It is a very clean place. The bed is comfortable, good lightning, good wireless connection, and good continental breakfast. The front desk staff is friendly and helpful. I was a little concern about the neighborhood when I read couple of reviews. It is not as bad as I thought it would be. Actually, it is very convenient location. Couple rental car companies with the walk distance, short walk to the opera, 10 minutes to Cable Car Station, 10 minutes to Union Square. I think it is an inexpensive hotel, perfect for couple days.	
Aug 19 2007 	Convenient Great Staff but the area...?	I've stayed in San Francisco at least a dozen times in the last 25 years. This time I had to attend a conference at Contra Contra College in San Pablo, a suburb just North of Berkeley that is not easily accessible to public transit. So I chose to rent a car and, having read the positive reviews of this property, I booked it for two nights.I tend to agree with nearly everything the previous reviewers have said. The staff are extremely helpful and friendly, the bed is extremely comfortable, and the room is more &quot;upscale&quot; than one would expect just looking at the property. When I checked into my room, the safe was locked shut. The kind gentleman who had checked me in a few minutes earlier arrived within seconds with his toolkit and in a few moments , opened the safe. I also found that the sink stopper in the modern bathroom was missing meaning that it was impossible to keep the basin filled with water. That wasn't a problem for me, but I informed the front desk about it for future guests. And the &quot;makeup mirror&quot; was missing a screw to hold it in postion so it would be virtually usless. As for the shower/jaccuzi, the jaccuzi was nice, but the shower &quot;massage&quot; felt like a dentist's gum treatment particularly since the lower two &quot;massage&quot; nozzles were inoperative. Overall, the room was quite nice, and I've posted photos of it so you can judge for yourself. Now as for the area...I've stayed in this area several times before, down the block at the former &quot;Atherton Hotel&quot; which is now a youth hostel. It is a short walk to both Union Square, the Civic Center station of the Muni/Bart and Van Ness Ave where you can connect with virtually any streetcar/bus to any area of the city. So as for convenience to transportation, it is fantastic. The area is also near the theaters and Opera House and Concert Hall. But I honestly have to say that I have never ever seen so many homeless people particularly homeless youth in any of my previous stays in San Francisco. Have you seen the movie &quot;The Pursuit of Happyness?&quot; Do you remember the line of homeless trying to spend the night in the shelter. Well, that is exactly what staying in this neighborhood is like. Yet, at no time did I feel afraid for there was no reason to. Yes, young gang members hang out in this area. Yes, there are numerous &quot;ladies of the evening&quot; who walk in the area. Unfortunately, I did see several autos who had parked on the street (NOT in the motel's lot) with their windows' smashed. So if you do stay here, make sure you park in the motel's lot! My room was on the ground floor with a window on Ellis and I didn't appreciate the knocking on the window at 2am and 4am by locals who I learned mistakenly thought the previous occupant of the room was still checked in.Oh, and one more thing. That jacuzzi... it may be relaxing, but it's NOISY. That's not a problem when you are in it, but if your next door neighbor or your upstairs neighbor decides to use it at 1am, you may get a rude awakening.To sum up... Nice motel though the owners seem over their heads in upkeep, very helpful staff, decent breakfast. My only concern is the area. If you are comfortable with &quot;tough hoods&quot; you'll be fine here. (Think 1980's NY Times Square). But if you are a church going family from the Midwest or Plains states, I'd suggest one of the comparably prices hotels near Union Square (The Beresford, Beresford Arms, Chancellor, and Cartright come to mind). Or you might consider a motel near Fisherman's Wharf or even the Seal Rock Inn.	
Dec 4 2006 	Very nice motel experience indifferent area....	We stayed at the Comfort Inn for 6 nights when we visited San Francisco as part of our round the world trip.As we were on a budget due to the length of our trip overall, we opted for a decent rate of $71 per night. It did go up to over $100 at weekends, but even so judging by a lot of the hotel prices in San Francisco this was a very good deal.We arrived into San Francisco on the BART system. The hotel is about a 10minute walk from the Civic Center stop, although we managed to get a bus up to the property. First impressions were good, we were expecting a motel type property and upon check in the young guy on the front desk was very helpful. We were able to check in despite it being an hour before the room should have been available.When we entered the room we were totally gobsmacked. The room was as good (and as big) as many of the top end hotel chains. Upon talking to the owner (who is a top guy) we found out that all the rooms were refurbished when they took over the running of the hotel. There was a gorgeous king bed (think Sheraton sleeper bed), a huge TV unit/chest of drawers and a very clean bathroom area. The shower also had the massage option where the water comes out of the panel and relaxes your whole body...a nice touch. There was ample space for bags, and a table and chairs which we later found out would be our breakfast table. All in all it was a fantastic room, up there with the best we have experienced in the USA.To the breakfast. It is included in the price (very rare in the US) and is a help yourself service in the main reception. Now this room isn't very big, so if there are lots of people going for breakfast at the same time I would think it could be a bit of a nightmare but as we were always late up, we tended to miss the rush. I would therefore aim for a 9.15 onwards breakfast, great if you are on holiday, maybe not so if you are in SF on business. The breakfast consisted of waffle mix (with a waffle maker available), muffins, cereal bars, cereal and orange juice. You could then use your tray from the room to take the breakfast back and enjoy your breakfast in the bedroom. I know this might not sound like everybody's cup of tea, but it suited us just fine.One word on parking, although it didn't affect us. There is parking available, free of charge, which for San Francisco is amazing value. I gather it is on a first come basis, but there seemed a fair few spaces but I guess it could fill up quite easy at busy periods. Another nice touch though.Now the area, and the only thing the propery falls down on. Having spent 5 months on a round the world trip visiting places like China, Cambodia, Vietnam and Africa we were pretty used to the odd dodgy area. In fairness this probably helped us when we stayed at this hotel, it's not in the best part of San Francisco by any means. You are just about within the Tenderloin area, a notorious few blocks just north of Market where there are plenty of homeless. Now I can honestly say we were never bothered by anyone, but on some occasions we did put our feet down a little so as to get past a few shady characters. We tended to find if you walked up to Geary and then towards downtown you avoided the worst. O'Farrell and a few of the streets below tended to have large concentrations of people hanging around. It's probably like that in most major cities, but since visiting SF in 2004 we noticed a signifcant increase in the homeless which is not good. I would still recommend staying near this area of SF though, it's away from the touristy Fishermans Wharf (still go there though) and near Market with all the shopping, the theatre district and also on a number of bus routes and of course the tram. We tended to walk up to California and get the tram down to the Embarcadero, great value on your 1, 3 or 5 day pass, especially as each tram ride is $5 anyway.To sum up, we really enjoyed our return to San Francisco for our 2nd visit. On a budget we managed to find a great hotel, with fantastic staff, albeit in a slightly dodgy area. The transportation links around the hotel make it a worthwhile visit and for the price I doubt you will get a room as good as that anywhere in San Francisco.	
Oct 16 2006 	Not bad for the money	was suprised that it was more of a &quot;motel&quot; than hotel. the parking lot was tiny (as are most in SF) and even though i was in a 2 door car, i was worried about tight parking. i saw trucks that did it though! the front desk employee was VERY helpful, offerred us a map first off and explained that parking was gauranteed until 11:00pm. we arrived too early to check in (around 11:30am), was told the room would be ready around 2:30pm. ice machine is outside and coin operated (never seen one of those before!). there is a Walgreens a block away and a California Pizza Kitchen and Burger King with in a block or two. not sure if due to exhaustion or not, but ended up getting a GREAT nights sleep, which is almost unheard of while traveling. breakfast is... better than nothing... has a waffle maker, but is mostly granola bars and packaged breakfast rolls. i think there might have been some yogurt. we got to breakfast at about 9:20am and it was so picked over that there wasn't much left. i initally chose this hotel because i thought we'd be relying on public transportation. instead, we ended up renting a car and didn't need to stay so close to the downtown area where space is SO limited. it wasn't bad, but i probably wouldn't stay here again unless i had a tight budget and needed to be close to downtown with out a car.	
Sep 29 2006	Clean motel in lousy area	I agree with the other reviews that the room was clean and well maintained. However, it is located in a terrible neighborhood. There are hundreds of homeless people within a three to four block radius of the motel. It was very uncomfortable walking outside after dark. San Francisco is a beautiful city if you are in the right area, but this isn't the neighborhood to spend your vacation.	
Sep 4 2006 	Extremely clean!!	My wife and I stayed here for 5 days and we were very happy with the hotel. The rooms are spotless and the body spray showers are a welcome relief after a long day walking around S.F. The hotel is in a part of town that may make small city folks nervous but big city people are used to &quot;homeless&quot; people. They are harmless and both my wife and I walked around till midnight and had no problems.The free breakfast at the hotel could improve as EVERYTHING is packaged!! All in all, we had a great time at this hotel and would not hesitate to stay there again!!	
Apr 10 2006	Excellent value!	I pretty much agree with everything else said here. I stay in hotels about 48 nights a year and this is probably the cleanest I have ever stayed in.Rooms have evidently been recently renovated and are very nice, though somewhat cozy (small). There is a bit of street noise and you can occasionally here people next door, but it is bearable.The showers are the best; they have spa-like sprayers in the wall that give your back a nice massage. Toiletries are basic but included. I forgot my toothbrush and they happily gave me a nice brand name one instead of the cheap ones you usually get.Fairly central location with easy bus access to anywhere. I recommend getting one of the SFMuni Passports; they provide unlimited rides on the streetcars, cablecars and buses.Good deli across the street and several other small restaurants within a block or two although I didn't try them.Area is a little on the gray side but had no trouble; I saw fewer homeless around here than the rest of SF.Staff is excellent and very helpful. I would stay here again, especially for the price. I lucked out and could get a govt. rate which was only $71/night...can't beat that!	
Feb 8 2006 	above expected	a very good motel with newly renovated rooms.everyhting was excellent. night manager was so friendly &amp; everybody helped a lot to make our stay enjoyable.we will definately stay in this hotel again.	
Jan 4 2006	Great Hotel	We stayed here for one night on arrival in San Francisco.We paid extra for a Bay view and this would have been worth it if the fog was not there.Parking in the hotel is $25 which we were surprised about as there is no mention of a charge when booking. Be warned.The room itself was large and clean although the bathroom is showing signs of age, it is not dirty in any way.Breakfast was great and well worth getting up for. Continental Buffet but the American way. Far too much, cereal, muffins, cookies, toast, fruit etc...Good central location for the bay, Chinatown and Downtown too.	
Dec 14 2005 	excellent hotel	a very good deal.we stayed there for two nights but we really enjoyed there. rooms were so clean &amp; comfortable.staff was so friendle specially the indian manager ( mr manish patel ).we cerainly recommend this hotel for future stay	
Oct 27 2005	Good value for price the area is so-so	Rooms were very nice and clean, free parking (though limited capacity), basic-only breakfast (in-room only), 10 minutes walk to Union square, 10 minutes walk to California cable car line. I did not like the area of the motel: many homeless, some are bothering. Overall I'd recommend this place, though I may look for another one, better located, next time.	
Sep 13 2005	Very Friendly Staff	We just returned from taking our daughter to school. We choose the Comfort Inn because of its local., only two blocks from our daughters school. We loved it. It was very clean and the rooms were a good size. The free parking was limited but seems the hotel staff made every effort to get all the guests cars off the street at night. We were also in walking distant to some atractions and buses so getting around town was easy. We will for sure be staying there next time we are in San Francisco.	
Aug 9 2005	Will be coming back!	We decided to stay at this hotel on the spur of the moment. They only had two rooms left at the time we arrived. The staff was wonderful. We were able to get into a jacuzzi room and WOW! The room was comfortable, the bathroom was amazing.....very clean. The only complaints I have are: 1) This entire hotel is a non-smoking hotel. My fiancee smokes, and he was a bit peeved about that. 2) The walls are incredibly thin. I would suggest bringing earplugs. We could hear everything going on in the neghbooring room. The parking is free, however,they only have about 12 spots in their parking lot. If those are all full, you have to park on the street or in a garage and pay for it. My fiancee and I had a wonderful time and will be staying here the next time we visit San Fransisco.	
Jan 16 2005	Lovely Stay	I had decided to stay at Comfort Inn because I had recently seen a commercial for Choice Hotels. After I was greeted by the staff, I had checked into my room and the cleanliness and the decor of the room was superb. I was later informed that they had recently renovated the motel. The breakfast was limited to coffee, tea, juice, cereal and pastries; however, san francisco had many different cuisines to offer us.	
