Nov 4 2009 	Brilliant Hotel Perfect Location.	stayed at this hotel for 5 days in aug 2008.loved everything about this hotel, room, location, on site restaurant.would definately stay there again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Good location - limited faclities	Stayed here on business - hotel is well placed for tourists who want to be in the fisherman's wharf area - loads of restaurants in the area and about 100 yards to the wharf. Hotel is pretty unprepossessing from the outside and the lobby is a bit tired. There is no bar in the hotel and the only restaurant is a Denny's family restaurant concession. Having said that the rooms are fine and clean - the beds are comfy and the wifi is free.The Holiday Inn express round the corner is better appointed - has free breakfast (Cheers !) and about the same price.	
Nov 1 2009 	Beach St. Building and staff over all are disappointing	This hotel not only charges $35 + tax a day for parking, but it consists of 2 separate buildings. We were given a room in the &quot;Beach St. Building&quot;, which is a half a block from the main lobby. In this second building, there is a small front desk were people barely greet you in the morning with a &quot;hello&quot;, and also closes/opens earlier. In fact, upon checking out, we had 4 large luggage cases and there was someone in the front desk who did not even ask if we needed a bellboy (if we would have, we would have needed to go to the main building and request for one). We found staff overall to barely be polite. Also, we checked in at around 6 om and they mentioned that the &quot;main building was full already&quot; and that´s why we were given a room in the other building. Totally false since several couples checked in hours after us and got a room in the main building. Our room faced the hotel´s garbage dumps and maintenance, and at least 3 times a night we would wake up either to street cleaning or noise from maintenance or the garbage truck. The main advantage of the hotel is just being in Fisherman´s Wharf. Minifridge was an extra $10+tax per night. We would recommend this hotel to people who don´t mind a rude service but are just happy about being close to Fisherman´s Wharf and public transportation. We would not return.	
Oct 28 2009 	Wonderful	We had beautiful view of Fisherman's Wharf and we were in walking distance of a lot of sights. I couldn't quit looking out of the window when we were in the hotel.	
Oct 24 2009 	Lovely hotel and fantastic location for tourists	Stayed here for 4 nights as part of a 2 centre holiday to California. The main purpose of visiting San Francisco was to see all the sights that this city has to offer and this hotel is perfectly located to allow for this. The hotel is a couple of streets back from the Wharf (5-10 mins walk on foot). Our room was on the front overlooking the pool, and was overlooked hotels on the other side of the road, meaning it was nice and quiet. There were bars and places to eat all within easy reach. We could also see the top of the Transamerica Pyramid from the window. The room was spacious and nicely decorated. One thing I liked about the hotel was the free internet access, as a lot of hotels charge for this. There is a pay phone in reception and due to the time difference, I found it was quite cheap to call back to the UK from there in the evening (California time).The staff were also good. I would definitely stay here again, and hope to return to San Francisco at some point in the future - it's a fantastic city.	
Oct 24 2009 	Disapointed at being put round the block from the Hotel but good rooms	My partner and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf as part of a package deal booked through Virgin Holidays. When we arrived we were told that our room was a block away at a building attached to the Holiday Inn Express. We were pretty disapointed that the brochure had advertised the restaurants, swimming pool, car park and other facilities of the hotel only to find that in fact these were a block away in what may as well have been a separate hotel. The parking was also extortionate, much more than we'd expected to pay, even in the city centre. The car park was at the main building as well so we had to drag our suitcases around the block. On the plus side, the room was clean, spacious with really comfortable beds. The location was handy for Fisherman's Wharf with restaurants etc, although the area was reminescent of Blackpool. We found a really good restaurant just accross the road from the Holiday Inn Express at the Hyatt called Knuckles, we'd recommend it. The hotel building just had a Dennys, which was handy for breakfast.	
Oct 22 2009 	Central Hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights, very central for everything, good sized clean room. Free internet. The only bad point was the time we waited for the lifts, so sometimes we would go down by the stairs. The breakfast at Dennys always looked crowded so we found a little place at 540 Northpoint Street called Sunrise Cafe, very friendly couple with freshly cooked omlettes/scambled eggs/toast, etc.at a good price. A good location to stay at.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great Location Great Beds!	We stayed in this hotel in Early October 09, we found the check in staff to be very helpful even though we arrived quite late at night we still got a lovely room. The bed was so comfortable it was great. Room decor could do with a bit of a revamp but so long as it is clean and tidy I never mind that and it was both clean and tidy. It is in a great location and as we landed so late we decided on a taxi from the airport which was 40 dollars. There is a good place for breakfast across the road called Joannies very tasty and not too expensive. The free Wifi is excellent and the free facilites for using their computers and printers is very good also especially when you need to print boarding cards. The guest laundry is also quite reasonable and is very handy facility in any hotel. We didn't really need much from the staff as we didn't eat in the hotel but any of them we did talk to were quite nice.	
Oct 12 2009 	Exacly What You Would Expect	We stayed at this hotel for three nights in late September. It was exactly what you would expect from a Holiday Inn. Room was clean and good sized. Bed was comfortable. Free wi-fi was excellent. Reading light was adequate.Location is excellent for walking to many of the tourist sites. We rented bikes right across the street and road to, and across, the Golden Gate bridge. Lots of restaurants nearby.We had a bit of a problem checking in. We arrived at 10:00 AM and, as expected, our room was not yet available. The desk staff said that they would &quot;rush&quot; the room and it should be available &quot;In a couple of hours&quot;. We checked back at 1:00 and it was still not ready. At 2:30, it was still not ready but we decided to sit in the lobby and wait. It was frustrating to see a steady stream of guests arrive at the desk and immediately be given keys to their rooms while we sat and waited. Around 3:00 our room was ready.We paid $159 per night, before taxes.	
Oct 11 2009 	Good location nice staff.	We stayed here for the first 2 nights of our USA honeymoon. The hotel was easy to find, with good, safe parking under the hotel for a OK daily rate and great location if Fisherman's Wharf is where you want to be, close to The Cannery, the chocolate factory, the main trolly stop and loads of little bars and restaraunts. When we said we was on honeymoon they gave us a large corner room in the main building, the staff were alway helpful and on hand to suggest good local places and such. The room was large and modern, very comfy bed, coffe maker etc. The bathroom was a little small with a 3/4 bath but nice supplies. The coridoors and hotel spaces are a little dated but in all a good clean standard. As a short stay never got to try out the restaraunt or breakfast facilities but it looked very nice. Highly recomend hiring a bike from the shop accross to the right of the main entrance and cycling down the waterside to the Golden Gate.	
Oct 11 2009 	Ideal Location	Stopped here for 3 nights whilst touring West Coast and found the hotel to be ideally placed for the majority of attractions. This hotel is a 2 minute walk to the sea front where there are lots of places to eat, the cable car stop is about 5 minute walk to take you into the city centre. The hotel was very clean and tidy with tea and coffee making facilities. There is a 24 hour eating place near the main door where you can get a decent breakfast.Would definately use the place again if we ever visit San Fransisco again.	
Oct 10 2009 	Comfortable Hotel Great Location	Hotel is in central location in Fishermans' Wharf. Amenable staff with pool and small fitness center. Can get public transportation from San Francisco airport to hotel in about one hour.	
Oct 10 2009 	Terrible First Impressions.	We arrived in san Francisco for the final part of our honeymoon (we had been to Las Vegas and Maui as well) at midnight. With it being so late I had emailled the hotel before hand to see if they offered either a shuttle service or if they could recommend how to get to their hotel, I never got a reply from the hotel at all which left us with the taxi option. We were completely ripped off but thats a different matter! We arrived at the hotel at about 1am and were told that the room we had been allocated was in their other building, but we could have a king Sized bed room in the main buliding as another guest had checked into it but not stayed as they wanted a smoking room instead, so we said okay. the room we went to was on the ground floor, right next to the fire escape and suprise, suprise it was NOT a King it was 2 double beds, clearly someone has laid on the bed as the sheets were not freshly made. Generally we did not get a good feel for this room so we went back to the reception and said it was not what he had described. We were offered another King Sized bed room but it would be a handicapped room - right next door to where we'd just been sent, we said no and that we would rather be on a higher floor and asked if we could just have the room we had been first allocated. The guy then said we could have another King room but again it was a handicapped room and in the other building. We agreed as by this time we were so tired and fed up. He directed us back out on to the street where we had to walk down the street and round the corner to get to their other building - now at 1:30am in a city you don't know, pulling your suitcases behing you, you tend to feel a little vulnerable, we got to the dennys entrance only to be greeted by a tramp, begging us for food. We struggled passed him down the stairs into the dennys entrance and arrived into our room. I was so upset, we had been to some amazing places for our honeymoon and this was not how I imagined the final part of it. We obviously were tired, but I've never hated a hotel so much in all my life! The doors were like something from a prison cell, we had a view of a car park. First impressions really count and I cannot understand why the security guard didn't offer to walk round to the other building with us, being greeted by a tramp is not what I want on honeymoon.we rang home to the UK and my Mum got on the phone to some other hotels, my father in law sent an email to complain however he has never had a reply. We moved hotels and stayed at The Fairmont for our other 2 nights. We didn't complain to the other reception staff as I had already made up my mind that I wasn't going to stay there any longer. So we just checked out early and left (they didn't even ask us why).We liked Fisherman's Wharf and I cannot say that the hotel was dirty as it was clean. Maybe if you just need a really cheap hotel for a night this would be okay, but not as part of a honeymoon.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Location - Clean Rooms - Expensive Parking	We stayed in the new wing across the street from the main building. It is clean and nice.There is a front desk in this building but it has limited service. If you plan to park - bring plenty of $$ but you really do not need a car for anything in SF.	
Oct 9 2009 	OK if willing to be part of the herd	This hotel clearly manages large groups of travellers very well. the problem is that if you are a couple or individual, they are not particularly interested as most of the staff tips seem to action around the groups and their bookings and needs.We did however have a reasonable room and the hotel was well located downtown at Fishermans wharf. Our issues were mostly about being invisible to staff unless we really forced their attention to our needs. As we are miidle class slightly inhibited travellers this did not make for a comfortable match...very different from our other large hotel experiences.	
Oct 9 2009 	Location is Excellent but Car park is a problem...	This hotel I think has the best location if you fancy Fisherman's Wharf. It's walking distance (100m or so only) to the Wharf.It's also safe. Entry to anywhere (even car park and common restrooms) in the hotel needs a room key. This location is safe, no homeless ppl nearby.Rooms are nice and clean, holiday inn style.There's a Denny's 24hrs downstairs (the adjacend block only)...so that's nice if you hungry anytime.Only complaint is the car park. We were put into rooms on the adjacent block (across the street from the main reception) which has like 6 car park lots. If those were full (which is 100% of the time), then we had to go to the main building car park which is some walk away, crossing a street, down some stairs etc....not easy when you have luggages and strollers to push. To top it off, car park is $40 a day! This is daylight robbery!Also, the reception in the adjacent block closes at 930pm (or around this time). If your key doesn't work when you come back late...too bad, gotta stroll across the street to the main recep!All in all, if you have a room at the main building, that's great! but if not, bummer!	
Oct 8 2009 	Good Value	We stayed for 4 nights in Holiday Inn fisherman wharf. We were given a room on the 3rd floor facing courtyard in the Beach Building. The room was neat, clean and good for the price we paid. We were satisfied with our location. Every night we went to the pier 39 or fisherman wharf or ghirardelli square to eat the food and icecream. Parking was not at all a problem. We found parking on street every night and never had to pay the hotel outrageous valet price.They had many souveniers shops close to the hotel. We eat the Denny's restuarant one day. It was overpriced. We also ate at the Thai restuarant within one Block from the Beach street back entrance. We also eat the FAMOUS Clam Chouder soup in breadbowl.We took trips to Napa Valley , Big Sur , San jose. Driving on PH1 was a WONDERFUL once in a lifetime experience. Everyone should do one.	
Oct 8 2009 	Close to everything for a decent price	We stayed here when visiting San Francisco this summer and it was great. Decent price, right on the Wharf. It's within walking distance of lots of attractions, and for those that aren't, there are bus stops right out front to get you on your way to other areas of the city. Not to mention street and cable cars within walking distance. And cabs frequent the area if you'd rather not use the PTS.Our room was nice, on the higher end of the standard Holiday Inns, and we were never without anything we needed...towels, toiletries, cups and coffee were replenished in a more than timely manner, and the staff was very friendly. Particularly in the bar/restaraunt. They bent the rules for our large group to have my grandmother's birthday cake in the dining room. 	
Oct 7 2009 	Location is Everything!	This is a great base for seeing SF, just on the edge of Fisherman's Wharf with easy access to other parts of downtown SF. The rooms are pleasant and clean although the hotel does have a rather dated feel - a relic of the 1980's. We were in the annexe which didn't bother us particularly but if you are likely to want to use the hotel facilities such as bar, restaurant, business facilities, it might be more important to be in the main building.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location  Great base to tour the sights of San Francisco	We stayed at the holiday Inn as the first part of or Honeymoon trip .The hotel itself is ideally located right by Fishermans wharf. We arrived early afternoon and were plesently treated on arrival. our room was in the annex building adjacent to the main building which was slightly disapointing however there was a reception area all beit small in that building also with a concierge also. The room was clean and suited our needs we were also able to see alcatraz from our window all beit a little obscured by buildings infront of us. In the mornings it was slightly noisy due to the trams going by but this was not noticeable during the night time so was never a real issue. The annex building has a dennys restaurant attached so ideal if you want a late night snack or breakfast and service etc there was friendly all beit a little rushed as it was fairly busy in the mornings. Location was ideal for touring fishermans wharf etc and the Tram service was just 2 blocks up and was then a simple 20min ride into union square . An all day ticket only costing $11 per person. If you were in more of a hurry you could take a cab. Coit towe an ideal place for great views of San Francisco bay area was a pleasant 30 min walk as was the Alcatraz Tour departure. Fishermans wharf was the main tourist area and has lots to offer food wise if you are willing to pay the prices for chained restaurants like buba gump and rain forest cafe. All in all the Holiday Inn was a nice place to stay to tour the main tourist attractions of San Francisco, just be prepared for the temperature changes the Fog came in very quickly in the venings and temperatures dropped dramatically .	
Sep 21 2009 	Could not be a better choice would go back in a heartbeat!!	We just stayed in this hotel and it was really good! It is in Fisherman's Wharf, which is the &quot;tourist beach town&quot; part of the city, but has so much to offer!! Tour buses pick up right outside the main doors!! A very handy Denny's is in the second building which is on beach street. There is a Walgreen's across the street for any traveller's needs at a good price!! The hotel itself is very clean and we felt safe there, which is always an added bonus. The beds were very comfortable and they have a &quot;pillow menu&quot;. The hotel staff are very pleasant and eager to help, they do the Customer Service industry a great honor, love thier jobs and it shows!! We would stay here again without a doubt. The only downside we heard about was the cost of parking here, but this IS SanFrancisco!!! We did not have a car, which really was not a problem because everything was very close or easy to get to. We would recommend this hotel to any and all other travellers!! Thank you Holiday Inn	
Sep 21 2009 	Excellent location Good stay.	Clean, excellent location. Nothing about our hotel disapointed us on this weekend trip to San Francisco. Reccomend Pergamino's breakfast place across the street, as well as the Mr. Toad's Tours. Great tour of the city, glad we took it.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Location good rooms	Stayed here for 4 nights. Location is excellent, walking distance from restaurants ad Fishermans Wharf. On arrival we got a free upgrade to a business room! Room was very spacious, bed was enormous! Free use of internet/printers, all mod cons expected. Took a little longer than expected to check in but otherwise highly recommended for a good San Fran sight seeing base.	
Sep 13 2009 	Nice hotel in a great location	Stayed here for 4 nights with my family. We had two adjoining rooms in the Beach Street annex and had a view of Alcatraz (albeit far, far away). The rooms were fantastic - spacious and clean with tv, tea and coffee making facilities, safe, iron and ironing board and the bathrooms were spotless with fluffy white towels changed daily. The beds were superb and we could choose from the pillow menu if we needed different pillows. Loved our rooms and loved the hotel and its location as it was a short walk to the Wharf where everything was buzzing. The staff were helpful and polite. Apart from the pool, which was quite small and absolutely freezing (my kids turned blue after a couple of minutes in the water), we enjoyed staying at this hotel.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great Location--very good hotel for a Holiday Inn	As you probably know, Holiday Inn's are average hotels. I have stayed in their hotels that I have liked and some I have hated. Do not be afraid to stay here. This hotel is great. Nothing fancy, but in a fantastic location with great service and clean rooms. The hotel is about 2 few from Fisherman's Wharf restaurants, etc. Check in-We checked in a 2AM so it was very uneventful. We were the only people in the lobby. The staff was great, though.Rooms-Very clean, pretty updated with Bath and Body Works Amenities, which I loved. Room Service-Great menu--a little pricey, but it is San Francisco, so we expected that.The best part about this hotel is the location--right across from the Marriott &amp; Hilton and right by Fisherman's Wharf. Try Joanie's for breakfast right across the street. Very good!	
Sep 3 2009 	Great Hotel	We just returned from a 4-day stay in San Francisco. I booked a package through Travelocity which included the Holiday Inn at the Fisherman's Wharf. The location could not have been better. An easy walk to all the attractions. I was pleasantly surprised that the Holiday Inn was well above mediocre. Very comfortable beds, nice linens, and good service. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great location	Stayed here a few times now because of its excellent location next to Fisherman's Wharf and a short walk from the old tram terminus. Clean and comfortable with good amenities.	
Aug 29 2009 	Perturbed at first but then happy to be so close to the wharf...	My boyfriend and I were tired from a 7 hour drive to San Francisco, so we were perturbed at check-in when we were told that we were being assigned to the Beach building. A bit frustrated, we had to exit the building where we checked in and walked, with our luggage, to another building less than a block away. When we reached our room, we realized that the front desk person didn't ask if we wanted 2 full size beds or 1 queen size bed. We were disappointed to got 2 beds. The room overall is like any other Holiday Inn hotel - it was fine, not the best. The staff could have been a little more helpful and friendlier. The best thing about this place was the location. It was great to have the hotel right on/close to the wharf after a day of walking. We were always so happy to see the hotel at the end of the day. Because of the location, I would recommend the hotel to family and friends.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great location but a liitle tired	We stayed at the Beach Street property and were allocated a room on the 5th floor. We had stayed in this same hotel 5 years previously and did notice some changes. Whilst the staff were very efficient and welcoming and the rooms were clean and comfortable, the windows did not seem to fit properly and the wind came whistling through; those of you who have experienced a foggy San Francisco evening will know just how cold it can be. The location of the hotel is very good, you can walk to most attractions.	
Aug 18 2009 	Old and Noisy	Crowded area in summer (fisherman warf). The hotel is pretty old and was very noisy during all night long - people and bikes yelling, etc.... Bad value. I d rather stay downtown.	
Aug 14 2009 	Location great but be beware of room choice	The hotel consists of a main building where all facilities are located and a seperate block where only facilities consists of an overpriced &quot;Denny's &quot; cafe on ground floor..We were initially allocated a ground (first) floor room in seperate ' Beach St ' block which resembled a dungeon with windows at knee level to people walking along North Point St a few yards away..I immedietely complained and we were re allocated to a third floor room overlooking Jones St..The room was well appointed with a very comfortable king size bed and the location of the hotel is excellent..Travelling with Virgin Holidays parking in underground car park was 16$ per night but everyone else was paying 42$ !!!!....Overall super location, hotel very clean and staff helpful but try for a room in main building or a high floor in Beach St annexe otherwise you could be disappointed	
Aug 10 2009 	Great location - disappoing to be in the Beach building	This was our second visit to this hotel. Its in a great spot at Fishermans Wharf with easy access by car for getting out and abouut rather than being in the heart of downtown.Our room was in the beach street annex. Although still a good standard room and the inclusion of a second lobby and concierge tries to make it feel part of the main hotel it doesn't quite work. Its a stroll across the street to the main hotel and its restaurant, pool and shop. You can't help but feel like the poor relations particularly as the annex has a Denny's in the entrance way and is adjacent to the Holiday Inn Express. You sort of feel thats the standard of where you are staying. We should probably have complained but once unpacked it was too much trouble to think about moving again. But I think we would think twice about returning as a result.The hotel really is the best location though for anyone wanting to spend signficant time aound the Fishermans Wharf area. Right in the heart of the the main attractions with Pier 39 a short stroll and both the Hyde and Mason st cable cars very close.So, in summary, highly recommended but only if you ensure you are in the main building.	
Aug 8 2009 	E bookers and hotel blame each other	In January I booked with e bookers to stay 3 nights at Holiday Inn San Francisco in September. The Cost about $680. The booking page showed a best price guarantee without conditions. I booked but now find that the same hotel room is $408 for 3 nights with various providers. I complained to e bookers who hid behind non cancellation policy and the small print re price guarantee. They blame the hotel, the hotel blames e bookers and says it regularly receives such complaints. Both claim the other is responsible for the non cancellation policy and both say the other sets the price. I am aware the hotel received $639 ie $231 more than they are now selling the room for. Both parties and intercontinental Hotels Guest Services are unhelpful and shift the blame to each other. I accept that prices can rise, but by such an amount is a total 'rip off' . I will certainly never use e bookers again and am now preparing for my first and last stay in a Holiday Inn	
Aug 5 2009 	Nice hotelpity about the noise	We arrived at 8pm after our long journey from the UK,check in was swift &amp; very friendly,the room was large,clean &amp; well equipped,we dined on our first night downstairs in the Bristol Bar &amp; Grill,service,food quality &amp; prices were very good,we found the hotel to be very handy for all attractions,our only gripes would be with the traffic noise,the windows are not double glazed,the traffic is pretty well a permanent feature &amp; is rather obtrusive,the other thing was that the bedroom windows only have net curtains meaning that people can see in when you have your lights on,a starnge idea we thought!	
Aug 5 2009 	Location	Great location to the warf and public transportation. Room was ready at noon when we arrived. Large and very clean room,3 PC;s on the 5th floor with printers. Great staff helpinf with directions and sites to see. Excellent choiceto use as a base to visit the city.	
Jul 30 2009 	Close to the sites	Booked this hotel through Hotwire. Was excited about all of the good reviews. Overall the hotel was a very good one. I was not happy with the 45 dollar car parking fee. Researching other hotels, I found that they charged around 30 - 35 dollars. The rooms were clean and the beds where very comfortable. I enjoyed using the free Internet. I wasn't to happy with the noise that came from the street. It seemed as though many of the delivery trucks delivered around 11- 12 p.m. Close to the sites and down the street was a great breakfast place. They claim to have the best waffles in the country.	
Jul 22 2009 	Good Value Great Location	I've stayed at The Fisherman's Wharf Holiday Inn 4 times now and i'd rate it as one of the best Holiday Inns i've used. The hotel is located at the Fisherman's Wharf end of Columbus Avenue in San Francisco's North Beach area. The Wharf itself is a few hundred yards away but the main appeal for me is the North Beach area itself, restaurants, bars and a great atmosphere. I've always been upgraded to the business Level at the hotel, the rooms are large, airy, well furnished and clean. Service is excellent, the reception staff are helpful and friendly. I can recommend this hotel both for quality and location.	
Jul 20 2009 	A Good Holiday Inn! Great Exploring Base.	Having stayed in several Holiday Inns in the UK I was slightly wary of booking one for my holiday.However, I was pleasantly surprised by the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf. On arrival (after an 11 hour flight) the staff were quick to check me in, give me directions to the room and tell me a bit about the local area - as this was my first visit to San Francisco, this was most welcome.I was staying in the Beach Builing which is just around the corner from the main reception. The location was excellent - just a block away from the main &quot;strip&quot; of Fisherman's Wharf - where all the restaurants are. From my hotel window I could see Alcatraz. It is also only a couple of blocks away from Bay Street tramstation which takes you into the heart of San Francisco City Centre.It is also within walking distance of the piers with shopping and trips to Alcatraz (BEWARE: Book trips to Alcatraz in advance - we turned up on the day expecting to be able to go but were told there were no tickets left. We very nearly didn't make it over to the Island. Definately a &quot;must-see&quot; so be prepared!)The room also came with some tourist guides to San Fran - where to eat, where to shop, transport, sightseeing etc etc which was very useful. It was also a nice big room - a double bed each and plenty of space for me to spread all my clothes and stuff everywhere!There was maid service every day with clean towels and bed linen.During my stay in America I travelled to LA and Las Vegas as well as San Francisco and the Holiday Inn was not my favourite hotel of my trip but was perfect for my 4 day stop over in San Fran as it was close to everything, had helpful staff and was comfortable. Definately much better than the Holiday Inn's I've stayed visited in England.Got my holiday off the a good start!	
Jul 19 2009 	excellent value	booked through hotwire, the room was spacious and clean, hotel staff was excellent the only minus is the 40 dollar a day parking fee, i will definately stay here again when returning to fishermans wharf	
Jul 17 2009 	Bathtub Mold - disappointed	The hotel is well situated and I'd concur with most of the great reviews it has received. Having travelled on business most of my life, imagine my disappointment to be placed in a room with mold prominently visible around the bathtub and with gum on the carpet under the desk.If you do stay here, avoid room 229 or ask to inspect the room before you move in.	
Jul 16 2009 	All that is required.	This was our first stop on a world tour and we could not have picked a better location to start. We were given a room on the 5th floor in the annex building just a block away from the main hotel. The room was very spacous with two very comfortable queen beds, coffee/tea making facilities with plenty of top up's and a nice size bathroom. I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to my best of friends.The location could not be faulted, across the street was Walgreens for all your nibbles, drinks and sandwiches. Hi hop restaraunt is a 5 minute walk away with a very good selection of breakfast and main meals. Just around the corner which was pleasing for us was the Brickyard pub where you can have a nice pint of Strongbow cider!!!Attractions we done and are highly recommended are Alcatraz and the combo City Tour, Helicopter ride over and under the Golden Gate bridge ( a must ) and over the streets of San Francisco and of course the cable car ride up Knob Hill and into the city. Take my advice and have a stroll back ( about one hour ) and go through China Town etc you won't be disappointed. Finally don't forget 10 minutes from the hotel is one of the main sights of San Francisco and a stroll around Pier 39 with it's legendary seal lions and various stalls and shops etc. All in all this was a wonderful start to our world tour and the hotel and city made it a very memorable stay!!!	
Jul 12 2009 	GREAT LOCATION!!	VERY nice Holiday Inn...Soooo close to everything ! We stayed in the annex building and were a SHORT walk to Fishermans Wharf and its excitment!! We were there for the weekend of the 4th!! Fireworks on the bay!! FABULOUS!!Close walk to the trolley turnaround and pickup! MANY restuarants nearby and you can do Denny's in the annex building if you are just to exhausted to stroll out.	
Jul 10 2009 	Excellent Location Be aware of the Plus 26% tax in San Francisco	We did not know about the 26% tax that the city of San Francisco applies to all guests in hotel rooms. So it adds to the price quoted.( Not the Hotels fault)The location of this hotel is close to everything on Fishermans Wharf, but allow a brisk 25 minute walk to Pier 33 and the ferry to Alcatraz.It is a good idea to book online for the trip to alcatraz beforehand, as tickets sell fast and up to a week ahead.The room we had was on the business level ( 5th floor) and room 508)It was very spacious and the king size bed very comfortable, fridge and microwave included.The are two buildings at the Holiday Inn, try and get a room in the main building.There is an ATM at the Hotel (limit $200) and free wireless internet in the rooms.Also a business centre with Internet, printer etc on the 5th floor, but you need nto be staying on the 5th to use it.The hotel staff are very polite and most helpful. The cable car to the city is just around the corner and the queues not too bad.Coming back is a different story, be prepared for a 30 minute wait as the queues are long. The trip is $5 each way, or a day pass for $11 per person.One day we caught a taxi back rather than line up and the difference in cost was $3.I would recommend this hotel to all, thank you to the Staff at the Holiday Inn	
Jul 7 2009 	Great location!	We are staying our last night of 5 in the Holiday Inn at the Wharf. We are in the annex building. Location could not be better. Location is steps away from the Wharf. Walgreens is across the street (we bought muni passes there) and there is a Safeway a couple blocks over. Cable car turn around is also very close. We were here on the fourth of July and were able to see the fireworks from across the street. Hotel is clean and the free wi fi has been handy. We have enjoyed our stay and would stay here again!	
Jul 7 2009 	I thought VEGAS was crazy!	Nice hotel, near fisherman's wharf. It is what it is, Holiday Inn. Comfortable room, close to everything. Lots of dining and shopping nearby, free Wifi, street performers and crowds. Nice to see even with the economy people are still traveling!	
Jul 6 2009 	Fantastic Location 	We booked this hotel through Hotwire and were a little worried about some of the reviews after finding out the hotel name. Many people commented on the inconvenience of staying in the annex building. That is were we stayed and it was comfortable, quiet, and clean. We found no problem with that at all! We had a nice size bathroom and the beds were great! Free wireless is a real bonus and my laptop fit in the room safe, which gave me a great sense of security while out during the day. Cannot say anything bad about this hotel. We had a great experience. The location was perfect. Easy to walk to the Wharf, Ghiradelli Square, cable cars, and all attractions.	
Jul 2 2009 	Terrific Location Comfortable Friendly 	I chose this hotel after DAYS of discussions with a travel agent friend and after reviewing maps of San Francisco hotels/neighborhoods until my eyes crossed. Package prices via Priceline were so similar, I didn't want to miss staying at a high-end 5* hotel when it was only dollars more per night. In the end, I chose this Holiday Inn for several key reasons:Free Wifi: The prices I read for in-room Wifi at some other hotels were amazingly expensive and I didn't want to spend any of my vacation money that way.Location: You're three blocks from Fisherman's Wharf, a few blocks from the the trolley cars, and there's a bus stop just outside of the hotel door on the street. Even though you are in the heart of the tourist area, we never heard a noise except for the morning garbage truck previously mentioned in other reviews - and after the first morning, we never heard it again.Fridge at no charge: The hotel provided a free small refrigerator as we needed it for medication. The fridge was delivered to the room and working within five minutes of our check-in.Large room: We stayed on the 4th floor and the room was huge. It featured a king-size bed, lovely sofa-bed, desk, two nightstands, a dresser, and an entry hall closet area.Other noteworthy items: free in-room safe, coffeemaker &amp; coffee, pool, nice toiletries, thick towels (and plenty of them), iron and ironing board, hairdryer, and a plush bed we just wanted to sink into.We rented a car for one day (to see Napa Valley &amp; Muir Woods) and because of the expensive hotel parking fee, we returned the vehicle that night instead of paying to park it at the hotel. If you must have your own vehicle and must park it at the hotel, be prepared for the price, because it is going to cost you some money. Thankfully mass transit is a breeze in San Francisco, so we did not need a car to see the city.One day house-keeping forgot to replenish our coffee supply so on our way out, I mentioned it to the woman at the restaurant/bakery counter in the lobby, and she gave both of us free Starbucks. That's the kind of customer service that makes a huge difference! The concierge was friendly when arranging our transportation to the airport for the return flight and he even matched the price of a competitor. Every employee we met was friendly and willing to assist so we have no personnel complaints at all!You can stay at more expensive hotels that charge for every little thing and you can stay at less expensive hotels that may give you pause upon arrival. We're happy that we stayed where we did b/c it was comfortable, clean, and fell nicely in the middle of the hundreds of San Francisco hotels at which I looked.	
Jun 28 2009 	Good location but not necessarily peaceful	Facilities good, free internet on fifth floor with access to printers. Room on 4th floor comfortable but noise from street below, especially in the early hours when the garbage truck came round. Staff friendly and helpful. Parking expensive, even with concession, but secure. Didn't eat there but plenty of breakfast places close by. Other guests say rooms by pool where quieter. Overall a good location. Fridge available on request, we needed this for medicines so no charge to us.	
Jun 26 2009 	Excellant Hotel	I had read the reviews on trip advisor and was quietly confident! Once we had got rid of the very rude and unhelpful man who checked us in and wouldnt go out of his way for anybody with regards to rooms and spoke to a guy called &quot;Gerry&quot; I had every reason to be. He was so helpful and clearly happy in his job. This hotel is in such an excellant position to everything. The main front road along all the piers, the cable car turnaround, local bus stops outside. Its just perfect and not noisey at all. The rooms are fantastic and the beds really are toooo comfortable, i never wanted to really get up. The rooms are cleaned so well, new towels everyday and everything renewed. There is an in room safe. The shower pressure is great and the bath is nice too when you want to rest your weary feet!!!Walgreens and Safeway are all a short walk away. My only negative is there is no fridge in the room. The gym is excellant and has everything you need but unfortunately children were using it without supervision, despite a notice saying over 18s only. I did report to the front desk, its only a matter of time before there is an accident in there. But this hotel is excellant. You really couldnt ask for any more. A MUST is the mexican restaurant in the &quot;Cannery&quot; accross the road almost. Try it, you wont be disapointed. Service and food faultless.	
Jun 26 2009 	Great location and price rest is just average	Stayed here with husband and children for three nights. The location was great, only short walk to all the piers. Was also within walking distance of Little Italy, Ghirardelli Square, and Chinatown. When booking our room we were told it would have two queen beds and a sofa. Upon arrival, we were disappointed to find two double beds and no sofa. The room was also small for a family, and would have been better suited to two people. Our room was across the street from the main section, on Beach St. It was extremely noisy at night. The cable cars, buses, and people were right under our window which made it hard to fall asleep, and got us up early. We are from a major city so we are used to loud noise, but this was ridiculous. Also, the bath towels always had a weird smell to them, even though we got fresh ones everyday. Parking was expensive but we were aware of that beforehand. We were not in the room often and only used it to sleep and for a quick rest stop. All in all, you get what you pay for. This hotel really does have a great location, and we got a pretty good price, especially for San Francisco.	
Jun 23 2009 	Quite possibly the best mainstream hotel I have ever stayed in	On first review, it’s a Holiday Inn… nothing special, nothing spectacular, just a Holiday Inn. However, it is far, far more than this. The Hotel is located very centrally in Fishermans Wharf, which is the main touristy area, with plenty of restaurants and bars to choose from. Also, it’s about a 10 minute walk to the Italian district and 20 minutes to china town, with lots of fantastic restaurants. Furthermore, it’s about a 1 minute walk to Denny’s (within the second building) and Starbucks, so you don’t have to pay silly money for the hotels breakfast.The hotel itself is split into two, a main building with reception on Columbus Avenue, and a second building which we stayed in on Beach Street, again with a small reception. Probably best to phone the hotel first to find out which building you will be in as there is quite a walk between the two. Not easy with heavy cases.The rooms are large, mine had a king sized bed, sofa and desk, as well as a large bathroom. They are very well decorated, the bedding is simple &amp; clean and the towels plentiful. Security is good with lifts (or elevators) locked by room key, one-way emergency exits and safes in each room. One issue if you drive there is parking, it’s really, really expensive!I would definitely recommend this hotel to anybody who wants to go to San Francisco for a vacation or even a business trip.	
Jun 20 2009 	Great Location Very Comfortable Hotel	We stayed at the Holiday Inn 12 years ago on our first visit to San Fransisco with Virgin Holidays and we in the Annexe. We were back in May 2009 and got a room in the main hotel as requested.12 years ago one of the big plus points was the free parking so what a contrast to find that parking would be $41 a night. To be fair we had spotted this before booking so had arranged for the hire car to be returned on the day after arriving as we knew public transport was plentiful and reliable. We tried returning the car on the day we arrived but got to the Dollar office 30 minutes after it had closed so ended up scouting around the area for cheaper overnight parking. The best we found was $28.The room we had was on the 4th floor and it was huge. There was a king size bed and a sofa bed for our son. Our bed was extremely comfortable and a pillow menu offered. We did have to phone for bedding for the sofa bed but it was delivered within minutes.The room did not have a fridge or a safe or much hanging space for towels even though the hotel heavily promoted their reuse.We didn't eat in the hotel, although there was a very reasonably priced pasta and salad promotion posted in all the lifts.My son tried the pool but said it was very cold.We spoke to the concierge about a transfer back to the airport at the end of our stay since we were without a car. He advised us to take a taxi since the fare would be less expensive than using one of the shuttle services because there was 3 of us. He was right too.Karen, Ian and David, Leeds, UK	
Jun 19 2009 	Good Clean Hotel in a Great Location	Stayed for two nights with my wife and teenage daughter from Australia.Check in was efficient. I had booked directly with the hotel via email and everything was fine.The room was great. Very large, very clean, two double beds, standard cathode ray TV. The property is only about three stories and we were on the second floor.Location was excellent. Even though it is located on a busy corner. The large carpark out the front and the large size of the property shields you from the road. The rooms are well insulated from sound as I am a light sleeper and was not disturbed by any noise. The hotel is located a VERY short walk from the Fisherman's Wharf area and is very close to bus stops. The concierge of the hotel gave great advice for catching buses to Golden Gate Park.Loved the size and cleanliness of the room and the hotels location. Disliked nothing.	
Jun 18 2009 	The Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf is convenient to everything in San Francisco	The location was convenient and only a couple of blocks from the Wharf, depending on where one wanted to go along the Wharf area. To get to Pier 39, it did take more than two blocks walking, but it was interesting with street performers along the way, and lots of shops to shop in and restaurants to eat in. Tour buses pick passengers up in front of the hotel, and busses pass and stop one after the other all day and night along the three or so intersecting streets by the hotel. We were only a few blocks from Ghiradelli Square and the cable car turn-arounds. The hotel was nice and spotless inside. The rooms were totally spotless, had nice bedding with a light comforter sandwiched between two sheets, and lots of pillows. The TV was programmed to the hotel channel and it was hard to get to the other channels after we first turned it on daily. The towels were large and fluffy and the hotel hopes you will use them more than one day in order to conserve water. Shampoo, hand lotion, and two different soaps were provided, but no shower gel. There are large magnifying make-up mirrors in each bath, which was a real convenience. There is a restaurant/coffee shop off the hotel lobby, but it was very expensive. If you eat there--and it is very convenient--plan on spending 2-3 times above normal. On the downside, we were put at the end of a very, very long hallway and had to walk considerable distance to our room after having walked a great deal sightseeing. This was a real inconvenience and was a sore spot on the trip as we are seniors and don't have the stamina we once had. Don't rent a car unless you really need to as it costs $41 or more to park there overnight, every night. Public transportation is widely available everywhere around San Francisco, so one doesn't need a car unless you drive outside the city. We did have a great time while at the hotel for the 7 nights we were booked there. It was a home away from home, and other than the daily long walks down the hall to our room, and back to the ice and soft drink machines, and back down the hall again, we enjoyed the property and its location. We never did go to the pool or business center as we were always busy with other things, so can't review those amenities of the hotel. One last thought: if booking through an on-line travel website, be sure to CALL the hotel before you go and make sure your reservation is in their system. Ours was supposed to be all set up, yet they didn't have our reservation when we got there, and even though we'd emailed the hotel directly, we never got a response and just presumed we were all set up. Would we stay there again? Yes, if we ever have the luxury of returning to San Francisco--a great city with lots to do and see.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great Location - Nice Hotel - Great rate!!	The hotel was great, staff was friendly, and the rooms were just fine. Check for some some great rates online. Its close to everywhere you want to go and the area was safe, clean, and overall we were very happy with our stay. We stayed in the main building overlooking the pool.	
Jun 16 2009 	Perfectly Satisfied	This hotel is exactly what we were expecting and had hoped for. The rooms were very clean, with exceptionally comfortable beds. The staff were friendly and helpful and keen to assit us, even offering us a pillow menu! The rate we got was good for San Francisco, but be warned the parking is very expensive. We explored other nearby cheaper options, but plumped for the convenience of the hotel in the end anyway, All in all a great stay - highly recommended!	
Jun 15 2009 	good location	We had 3 rooms in this hotel, they seemed a bit faded but adequate when you spend most of your time out. The restaurant was expensive $20 for breakfast, the service we got at the 24 hour Dennys wasnt up to much either. Eating out is the better option. The bar closed at 11pm. The hotel is placed ideally for Pier 39 etc, boat trips, the cable cars, and car hire companies nearby. Dont leave a hire car in the hotel its $41 per night to park. They have internet access but you need a code to use it.	
Jun 15 2009 	Excellent Choice	We stayed at the Holiday Inn to be closer to relatives that were visiting from out of town. The location of this hotel is an excellent choice for sightseeing. It is in walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach, Ghiradelli Square, etc. The bus stop is located across the street for easy access to downtown shopping, catching a Giant's games, etc. An abundance of restaurants, nightclubs, comedy clubs, souvenir shops, etc are all within easy walking distance. As a native San Franciscan I can truly say that this is an excellent location. The hotel was clean both in the rooms and in the lobby and common areas. The pool was nice as was the fitness facilitly. The only complaint I have is the high parking fee.	
Jun 15 2009 	Comfortable Hotel No Frills but Expensive Parking!	The Hotel was ok not a lot different to a Travel Lodge. We found this hotel expensive for what it was and on top of that, if you had a car you had to pay an extra $46 per day. I think they could have at least thrown in the parking if you were staying at the hotel. Locality was good as it was close to the restaurants along the Wharf and close enough if you wanted to walk in San Francisco without the hassle of trying to park the car.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great Location helpful Front Desk Comfortable Beds with upgraded linens	Had very good experience from the time we checked in with the front desk, to the time we checked out and the concierge arranged for a cab to the airport. The location was ideal to the tourist areas. A little noisy from the street, so pack ear plugs! Upgraded bedding and comfortable beds. Will visit again.	
May 30 2009 	Excellent location and quality.	After reading all of the reviews, I was skepitcal, but booked anyway. Was I glad I did! When we arrived, we were promptly greeted at the desk and checked in. We were given a room on the fourth floor with a king size bed of the main building.I was amazed when we got to the room and saw how big it was. I was ready for a cramped hotel room with a bed, a tv, and maybe a desk to put a computer on. Surprised does not even begin to cover it. The room was LARGE with a king size bed and a sofa. There was a enough room to do excercises if you were so inclined. The room did face North Point and Columbus, which could get a a little loud at times, but if you spent all day out and about walking and enjoying the city, you were so tired when you got back that you didn't hardly notice it. The bed was comfortable, the pillows were not. The bathroom was an average size hotel bathroom, which was all we needed. There was free wireless access in the rooms, which wasn't that fast, but it was adequate to surf the web and look at email. There was also computer access with printers on the 5th floor which we took advantage of at one point. There is also a computer in the lobby by the elevators to check in for your flight and print out boarding passes if you wanted to. The staff was friendly and helpful. We did not eat the breakfast mainly because of the reports from everyone else on here. There was however, a very good place, Pergaminos, across the street that was absolutely wonderful fo breakfast.At this hotel, you are 2 blocks from being on Fisherman's Wharf. Directly behind the hotel is a Hertz and Avis rental store if you want to rent a car. Also, you are two blocks from the cable car turn around, which was great. We were able to eat breakfast, walk to the cable cars, and ride them to Union Square in a very short amount of time. Also, you're only a couple of blocks from Ghiradelli Square, which has great ice cream if you are interested. Overall, a very good hotel with great rooms and great service convenient to just about anything and everything you want to do.	
May 29 2009 	Good room good location pool lets it down	Very convenient for Fisherman's Wharf, which seemed a much nicer place to stay than the city centre proper. Room was very large (especially compared to New York where we'd come from) and pretty well equipped. However, we were put in the annex, a block or so down the road, with a Denny's in the lobby. The biggest annoyance with this is the lack of access to the swimming pool because the main building has no changing facilities - and the pool isn't great anyway, located in the car park as it is. Aside from that, you get what you'd expect from a Holiday Inn. Oh, and parking seemed to be extortionate.	
May 16 2009 	Be aware of this hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in April and we weren't satisfied with it at all. When we came there they didn't give us the room that we booked. Even though we had paid for the the room we wanted before getting there they said that they can change the type of the room and that they did not have any more of the rooms we wanted available. We had booked a nonsmoking room with a double bed, but when we came there we could only chose between a smoking room with a double bed or a non smoking room with twin beds. The price we paid was not little so we really didn't find this satisfactory. The hotel overall was not very clean and overall really not worth the price. The only good thing was the location. However we stayed in other hotels later on, and for almost half the price we had equal or better rooms than at this Holiday Inn. We wouldn't recommend this hotel because you can do much better for a better price elsewhere.	
May 11 2009 	Great Place. Convenient location!	This is a nice hotel. It has two buildings but I really don't see much of a difference. I stayed at the main building on Columbus ave, 4th floor which is a business level. This floor can only access by your room card. The staffs are nice and helpful. Easy walking distance to everything. As stated by previous reviews, i would not bother with the overpriced bereakfast. So many other choices just around the corner. Love the crap vendors at corner of Jefferson and Taylor. Would definitely stay again.	
May 6 2009 	Clean and Close to most all the main attractions	I'd have to say that our stay here overall was good. My only complaints were that the staff wasn't the most helpful or friendliest. Don't expect to get a cab from this location very easily. We called several different cab companies with no luck went down to the front desk to ask about a cab as we had dinner reservations and the lady at the front desk told us we would probably have to walk down to they Hyatt to get a cab. My husbands response was next time we will just stay at the Hyatt. My second complaint was when my husband made coffee in our room the first morning the coffee cups they supplied had been used and turned upside down with a clean new one stuck inside of it. That was a bit irritating. We usually left our room every day between 10am-11 and always returned to a made bed and fresh towels which was nice. Bed was comfortable and shower was really nice. Bathroom counter was a little small for us. When I made the reservations through Expeida I had read review and specifically ask to be in the main building in a quiet room and not the location with the Denny's. My request was accomidated but also possibly because I am a starwood member. We arrived on a Thursday afternoon and left on Tuesday morning. This was just about the right amount of time to see everything we wanted to see and also renting a car to drive to napa. (1hour north) The Aquarium of the Bay at Pier 39 is a total rip off so don't waste your money unless you have small children would would enjoy it. The cable cars are near by and I also highly recommend renting bikes and riding to the Golden Gate. This was a lot of fun and also jump on the Red Double decker buses. They offer you a two day ride anytime.	
May 5 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	We didn't have high expectations but were pleasantly surprised by the service and room quality for the price we paid. The very pleasant desk clerk allowed early check-in and met all room requests. The rooms and common areas appear to have been recently renovated. The beds were very comfy with pillow top mattress and white duvets. The location is convenient to all the Fisherman's Wharf tourist traps and close to the street car and cable cars. A Safeway, Trader Joes &amp; Walgreens are a few blocks away and convenient for purchasing snacks, drinks, etc. Bellman gladly checked luggage and arranged for cab pickup so we could spend a few more hours in the city after check-out.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great Location	Hotel was located very near the wharf and all of the activities. The street cars made it easy to get around. The room was very comfortable and clean and the bed was very comfortable. Only draw-back was the $47.00 per night parking.	
Apr 27 2009 	Good Hotel EXCELLENT Location	This was a great place considering its location! We were in San Francisco for about three days and everything was nearby. There was a mall behind the hotel and as we were planning to drive to LA on the weekend, it was very convenient to find both Hertz and Alamo there, as well as a Wallgreens. One can get to it from the airport by Taxi though there is a shuttle. I have to admit with the other reviewers, the hotel staff isn't the friendliest, but they weren't rude either. The room was nice, comfortable, airy and while our view of the pier was partly blocked by a nearby building, it was quiet which my husband assured me was quite important and something he did not find at the Hyatt Regency (where he'd been staying earlier for a business conference). Good value for money, I'd definitely stay here again and was glad I chose the Wharf area rather than Union Square.	
Apr 26 2009 	Good location nice room.	Nice hotel, room well-maintained and clean. Reception staff helpful and knowledgable. Car parking expensive but convenient.Excellent location near Fisherman's Wharf and well-connected for public transport &amp; tourist buses.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great location unfriendly service	The location is great - it is basically close to everything. However, the room was not very clean, with layers of dust on the shelves and when we asked them to clean, nothing really happened. There were also cables sticking out the wall, not very safe I'd say. The service was rather basic - they lost our dry cleaning and when they found it they had forgotten to clean it, so we got our dirty laundry back again. The same applies to the luggage staff, who expected at least a 5 $ tip after helping us look for our bags in the luggage room. All in all, we would not go back, even if the location is fantastic.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great Hotel Great Service Great Value	Stay here mostly due to price comparison. Were pleased with the very friendly service of the front desk staff. Room is clean, and location is great. Loved the shower as water pressure is just nice. Inernet connection was ok...The unsatisfactory area that bother us most is that the aircon was noisy when switched on....we had it on auto and the noise came on for a while, then went off, and come on again after some time.... can't imagine if it needs to be switched on all day during summer....and no breakfast was included...Would defintely choose to stay here again....	
Apr 7 2009 	Great place to stay in Fisherman's Wharf area	Nice hotel. Very friendly, efficient front desk staff, as well as all the staff you pass in the halls. Stayed on Business Floor. Rooms were getting upgrades to bed linens when we were leaving – the ones that were there already were nice too. Restaurant and bar on premises, but no free breakfast during the week. Location was great. Just a couple blocks from the water. Close to trolley line, cable car turnarounds. Easy walk to North Beach restaurants. Wireless not extremely fast, but could get work done. Would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great Location	We read lots of warnings about being housed in the other building, but it saved us $160 over the four days. The hotel charges $40 a day car parking; the road outside our building had no parking restrictions apart from 0200-0400 for street cleaning on Tue &amp; Thur one side and Mon, Wed, &amp; Fri the other, so we left the car in the road. We used the excellent San Francisco Muni system to get around; $18 for a three day pass for Trolleys, Trams, Buse &amp; Metro. The hotel is near everything; Fisherman's Wharf is a short stroll as are the Ferries to Alcatraz. The rooms are clean and quiet and a bargain if you use Hotwire as we did; we paid £72.50 per night.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great Accomodations	We had to check in super early becuase of our accomodations and the Front Office Mgr, Sarah took great care of us! Everything worked out fabulously and we really enjoyed our stay! This is a great hotel with a great location to Fisherman's Wharf. Would definitely return!	
Mar 26 2009 	Great Location great place to stay.	This hotel was close to everything we wanted to see in San Francisco. There were plenty of places to eat nearby. The rooms were typical holiday Inn rooms, clean and updated. The price was reasonable, especially for San Francisco. Overall, it was a great choice for us.	
Mar 24 2009 	Location Fabulous and plan to stay here again.	The location of this hotel cannot be beaten being just a couple of minutes walk from fisherman's wharf, Pier 39 and access to sight-seeing tours etc. Also close by are bus stops, tram stops and the cable car so its easy to get just about anywhere in San Francisco without having a car. We were glad we did not hire one as parking is expensive, being $43 dollars a night and really it is so easy to get about San Francisco on foot if you can get there without a car then I would. We had a room with a king bed on the fourth (top) floor and the room was light, bright and spacious and included a sofa which was great for relaxing and reading about where we had been during the day. We had a ten night stay and never felt cramped or fed up with the room. The hanging wardrobe space was a little tight but there were plenty of other drawers and cupboards to accomodate our clothes. The decor would not be to everyone's taste as it is contemporary and a little quirky but we found it refreshingly pleasant. We thoroughly enjoyed watching the sun set on the city through our bedroom window in the evening. The bathroom was a bit on the small side but perfectly adequate and the maid service was excellent; our rooms being cleaned relatively early in the morning as soon as we departed and we never returned during the day to an unmade bed. We must admit we found the buffet breakfast a bit steep at $19.95 a person (plus tax) but for the odd couple of occasions we treated ourselves and if you breakfast late and take your fill then lunch could easily be skipped. The service in the breakfast room was pleasant and attentive. We did notice that many people enquired about breakfast but were not willing to pay the price and to be honest I don't blame them but don't let this be a reason not to stay here as there are plenty of other eateries close by and, perhaps best of all, there is a Safeway supermarket opposite where we bought our own croissants at a fraction of the price and breakfasted in our room. There is also a good deli at Safeway where you can buy pretty much all your dietary requirements if your budget is tight. (Just take some cutlery, and a couple of bowls for your cornflakes!). We did not have much interaction with the staff but only because we had no cause for complaint or query as all our needs had been pretty much catered for without a need to raise them. We found the check in/check out staff were perhaps slightly more formal than at some hotels but they were perfectly polite and attentive so no complaint there. There is unfortunately quite a bit of traffic noise early in the morning but after a couple of days this didn't even wake us and to be honest all the other pro's make up for this. I really, really hope we are able to get back to San Franciscio if we do we will definitely stay at The Sheraton	
Mar 24 2009 	Great Location....basic room	The room was small and basic which was ok as our days were so full sightseeing. None of the rooms with 2 dbl beds come with a sofa bed, only some rooms with 1king. You can order a rollaway bed and hopefully you wont be charged $20/night for it. Same with a fridge, they can roll one in for $10/night - they may not charge for it? (beware ours had no temp control and our drinks froze) Hotel didn't have breakfast included in our cheap /night deal. When I enquired it was going to be $16/adult, we didn't even bother, I don't know what they charge for kids. Safeway is only a few blocks away and we brought cereal, milk and plastic bowls, spoons back to the room to save on breakfast :)Staff were very friendly and accommodating to requests for the rollaway and fridge. Free internet access and computer/printer use on the 5th level was a bonus. Great location, close to cable car, ghiradelli square, public bus stops out front, easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf attractions. You really don't need a car in this city :)	
Mar 17 2009 	Great Value Good Rooms and Extremely Convenient! Free Wi-Fi too!	I booked this room from 2/18-2/23 and chose this hotel based upon previous reviews. I found this to be the best value at $72, before taxes and fees in comparison to surrounding accommodations (exclusive of parking fees, since we didn't rent a car, but you really don't need one.) I recommend to checking the hotel website directly first, then AAA (if you have a membership), and then finally discount sites such as Orbitz. On this trip (my second visit to SFO), I booked with Orbitz.There are three buildings within two blocks of one another. Two of them belong to Holiday Inn at Fisherman's Wharf and the other is Holiday Inn EXPRESS at Fisherman's Wharf, which is not owned by the same management. I am reviewing for Holiday Inn at Fisherman's Wharf on 1300 Columbus Ave, although I didn't stay at the main building. It is so convenient!!! Only a block away from Fisherman's Wharf. There is a Walgreens that is open until midnight across the street, and you can have an inexpensive breakfast at Boudin's about three blocks away! Everything is within walking distance.Upon arrival at nearly 10pm, I was offered a complimentary upgrade in the main building with the front desk. However, I declined as I required two double beds. So, I had to stay at the other building around the corner, and down the block where Denny's is located. (This is what a previous review called &quot;The Annex&quot;, but when I asked front desk, if they are sending me to &quot;The Annex&quot;, the didn't know what I was talking about.) I read bad reviews about this building, but it really isn't bad at all. Well, except for the grease smell every time you use the Denny entrance to get to the elevators. There is no front desk service, and no concierge on duty, but you are welcomed to the same services as the main building. (Such as complimentary newspapers to be picked up at the check-in counter.) You can only access your room from the lobby elevators, which requires a valid room key. Denny is open 24hrs, which is great for midnight cravings. They even allow you to &quot;take-out&quot; back to your room. There is NO FREE BREAKFAST in the main building, as I have read in previous postings. However, a breakfast buffet is available for $15pp, which includes eggs, sausages, and continental breakfast items.I was very surprised by the size of the rooms, and the two queen beds in this hi-rise building. There isn't much of view from my floor, but it is higher than the main building. On my previous trip, I stayed at the Palace for $169 in 2005. The room at the Holiday Inn is definitely bigger. All you are paying for is the ambiance, service, and decor at the Palace. The beds are very comfortable at the Holiday Inn. We all agreed on that! The staff is friendly, and you only see them about once or twice a day. This building is very quiet. A computer is available on one of the floors with 24hr internet access and unlimited free printing. But you don't need it, if you bring your laptop because there is free Wi-Fi in the rooms. There is even a 24hr laundry area on the floor! There are a few muni buses in the area that brings you to basically any attraction. The 31 runs along Stockton, through Chinatown, and into Downtown. This bus can connect to either the BART or CalTrain. Then, there is the F-Line that runs through Fisherman's Wharf, Embarcado, and Downtown. The F-Line is in front of Walgreens, which is across the street. There is also the 47 which goes across town to Haight &amp; Ashbury area, and Cowhow. We were able to walk to Ghiradelli, Lombard St, Pier 39 and Alcatraz tours a few more piers down.If you are looking for a three star accommodation, with great value, then this is the place to stay. There is a charge for an extra person in the room, but no one ever checks. You can easily have four adults stay in one room, in the building with Denny's because there is no front desk person monitoring. I highly recommend this hotel for families on a budget, but still want a clean and comfortable environment.	
Mar 3 2009 	A great budget hotel	I booked this hotel through Southwest vacation packages after reading alot of positive reviews about it. We arrived there at almost 11 pm and the receptionist was nice enough to give us a King-size bed instead of the double standard beds booked already for me and my wife. The room was very cold and it took the window AC a while to heat it up which bothered me initially but on the following two days of our stay the room was warm. Staff was very helpful and supportive.  I saw a lot of comments about the two building issue and I think it is over-rated and people were getting over-concerned about it. The other building is very close (like one block away). Overall, a great hotel for the price and very close by to all of the tourist attractions.	
Jan 31 2009 	Loved the location - could not have been better	This is the closest hotel to all the action. Believe it or not it is also the cheapest at only $129. You can walk to all the attractions San Fransisco has to offer. fisherman's wharf, golden gate bridge, bay bridge, all the piers including pier 39. boats to Alcatraz., sea lions. the old chocolate factory and the trolley cars..Remember the web site says they charge $40 to park which works out to $46 because of all the taxes there. every place charges to park so if you want to save a small amount you can park at the wharf in a garage for $15 and walk back to the hotel or take the trolley ($1.50 for all day) only downside is this is a low rise so no view at all from the hotel windows if that is what you are looking for. You can do all you need to do there in a day and a half. so don't waist a whole week of your vacation here.	
Jan 28 2009	Fisherman's Wharf Holiday Inn notes	My daughter (22) and I just returned from a trip to San Francisco and the Fisherman's Wharf Holiday Inn. We found the location to be convenient to the sights we were interested in. We rode the cable car (nearby) and caught the city bus directly across the street. Buena Vista Cafe is a couple of blocks, easy walking distance. North Beach restaurants are a short bus ride away. The Wharf of course is walking distanceWe arrived on a Friday night (10:00 pm) and we asked the front desk attendant where we might eat, he told us everything was closed. Not true. He actually sent us the wrong direction. When you come out of the hotel, take a right and you will find a couple of bars/clubs, pizza and an In-N- Out Burger which is open very late.The Bellman and the Concierge were very helpful (just not on duty on Friday night). The hotel has absolutely no atmosphere (typical Holiday Inn) and no view, but the rooms are large and extremely clean and comfortable. We had planned to move to a more historic property with a view but decided we were comfortable. On the fifth floor is a business center with 3 computers and printers and internet access. We booked on Hotwire and got the room for under $100/night (taxes and fees included). All-in-all a very good deal.If you have a car, it is probably better to stay somewhere with free parking like the Columbus Motor Inn. We rented a car for the day from the Dollar counter in the Sheraton. Instead of keeping it overnight, we parked it in its space in the Sheraton garage and returned the keys the next morning. No need to pay parking.Be sure to eat at Mama's on Washington Square for breakfast and Trattoria Volare Caffe on Columbus for an Italian dinner or lunch.	
Jan 23 2009 	great hotel for families and great location	Great location and great price. The staff were fantastic and could not do enough for us during our stay. Breakfast was fantastic &amp; the rooms were very clean. I would recommend this place to any family.	
Jan 12 2009 	What a dump	After staying in Las Vegas for 4 nights before arriving at this hotel, our hearts sank! We were sent to the beach building,around the corner, away from what few facilities there were. Hotel is old, shabby, dated. I wish I had taken notice of the Trip Advisor comments I had read before and changed hotels before we went. We did enjoy our visit to San Francisco as we still went ahead and did all of the things we had planned today, but what had been planned as a trip of a lifetime 11 months before was certainly marred by this hotel. If you have any doubts about this hotel after reading the comments, change your booking!	
Jan 10 2009 	Fair	We stayed at the Holiday Inn at the Wharf last year, arriving on Halloween and leaving on November 3rd. We found it to be fair without being outstanding, but not deserving of some of the criticism I’ve seen on this site. The hotel is situated a block or two back from the actual Wharf area, and it’s a short walk to both Wharf area restaurants and the Cable Car stop. We arrived by plane, so didn’t have to arrange parking. If you’re adventurous and not too heavily laden, the cheapest and probably most fun way to get there is on public transport. Get on the BART to Embarcadero, and then pick up a Trolley (not to be confused with the Trolley Busses) round to the Fishermans Wharf terminus which is literally round the block from the hotel. If you have suitcases, forget it and take a cab! Brits please note.There are Trolleys and Cable Cars in SF, both of which we would call trams. The Trolleys are actually what would be a tram in Britain, in fact there are a couple of old brit Trams there, as well as others from Italy, and other countries. They are quite cheap - $2 I think for pretty much the whole way. The Hotel is divided into two parts; there is a main building and an annex, which also contains a Denny’s restaurant. We stayed at the main building, which has the primary lobby, concierge, a small (overpriced) shop, and a restaurant and bar. All are adequately staffed and we didn’t have to wait too long to speak to anyone when we needed help. There are plenty of Bell hops if you need a hand with the bags, and on check in one was called for us and took us to our room with our bags. The hotel is occupies a whole block, but a small one about two football fields in size. However our room was at one end and the lobby at the other, so we had quite a walk each time. There was a staircase next to our room, but it came out in the car park with the only exit being at the lobby end again meaning we still had to walk 100 yards. The room was well appointed with the usual two queens, TV and shower. There was a reasonable space for clothing, although no wardrobe per se. There was a safe, iron and a laundry service. However like all Hotel laundry services it’s actually cheaper to buy new clothes than get them washed, so we didn’t bother. We were there on Halloween night, and there was admittedly a bit of noise from the revellers. At no point did we feel disturbed or particularly threatened by any of it though. Fisherman's Wharf is a busy area, and San Francisco a compact city. Noise is inevitable, but it didn't detract from our stay in any way.The Hotel has a pool (open and unheated) and fitness centre, remarkably like every other pool and fitness centre we encountered. Free towels and loungers and room key access only. It being November only us Brits were interested in the pool, although the fitness centre did have a few devotees. There’s no lifeguard, so kids need supervision, but it’s a perfectly adequate area, and on the one sunny day was a pleasant afternoons diversion.The Bar and restaurant in the Main lobby area were clean, if a little sparse. When we ate there the food was adequate and of course the kids ate free. They tend to eat only the kids menu, which is pretty cheap anyway, but it’s worth saving a buck or two if you can. Breakfast is also served there, and again they have a buffet, along with the usual fairly uninspiring choices. Denny’s in the annex was poor, and expensive. This seems to have happened to a lot of the fast food joints in the U.S. over the last few years. They used to be cheap and adequate, but both Denny’s in LA and SF we tried were not up to scratch at all. Even allowing for the fact the exchange rate was constantly turning against us while we were there, the prices were on the high side at Denny’s to the point it was worth going to ‘proper’ restaurants to get better quality food for not much more of your hard earned cash.All in all we found the Holiday Inn to be adequate although you might baulk at the room rate if you book directly. Because of a passport problem we had to stay another night and were quoted $170 per night for the room we’d previously occupied. We chose instead to stay at another hotel (nearer the airport) for about 1/3 of that price.I think if I was going back to the City, I might be inclined to try somewhere else, not because of any problems, but there was nothing about the place to draw us back.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great location cheap parking within walking distance	After reading a few reviews on this hotel, I booked it and hoped for the best. The front staff was very friendly and permitted us to check in early on Christmas Day. My sister who was traveling with us was also checked in early.The rooms were nice, not fancy but not subpar, they even had a pillow menu which we never used since we were fine with the pillows we had. The bathroom was tiny but served it's purpose and I would say that would be my only disappointment in the room.We did the buffet the 1st morning but it was alittle pricey. I recommend walking across the street to Cafe Peregonia I believe is the name, its a small place, big portions and nice service. I remember the green awning and that its next to a bicycle shop.Now for parking which is very expensive, DO NOT PARK at the hotel unless you want to part with $40 a day. We parked our cars overnight on the street, BUT we moved it at 7am to nearby parking garages such as the Anchorage Garage for an early bird special of $12 a day, don't bother moving your car from the garage until 7p when the meters do not need to be fed any coins. The cable cars, Ghiradelli square, Fishermans Wharf are all within 3 blks from the hotel and just head up Columbus for great Italian and if you venture further up you will come uopn Chinatown.	
Dec 20 2008	Great hotel in great location	Stayed at the holiday inn fishermans wharf in early December. I was travelling alone before meeting up with friends in Las Vegas. This hotel was recommended by my travel agent and i found it to be fantastic. My room was huge with 2 queen beds and a large bathroom and very clean. The staff were very helpful - after arriving from australia and realising i had left tickets at home for various tours the concierge was very helpful in contacting the tour companies for me. This hotel is so close to fishermans wharf, the cannery, Ghiradelli factory and pier 39 . A short 5 mins walk will take you to the powell and hyde cable car. There are plenty of restaurants close by and also a safeway supermarket and walgreens just around the corner. I had no problems walking around the area alone at night, i felt completely safe, there were always plenty of people around. There are two great cafes across the road that offer great and cheap breakfasts if you want to eat out. I would definately stay here again!!!	
Dec 10 2008 	Holiday inn @ the wharf	Priceline'd this for $85 a night, then realized I needed an additional night and payed $265. Not a smooth move. However, the hotel was very good. Comfy beds, clean, and new feeling. It's walking distance to plenty of things. Parking is expensive - $40+ a night, but it's almost the same everywhere in San Francisco. Bottom line...it's a good hotel and close to many things, just try to not pay full price.	
Dec 9 2008 	Great Hotel in a Fab Location	This hotel is a great base for the Sanh Francisco tourist in the fabulous location right on the doorstep of Fishermans Wharf.Many restraunts are near by and is also within walking distance of famous Pier 39.Downtown San Francisco is easily accesible by cable car, tram or bus. take the tram up hilly Lombard and you will get the great views San Francisco has to offer.This hotel is big with two buildings, it has a fitness center, swimming pool and a fantastic business level with free internet access.The rooms are an average size with a desk, 2 double beds and a bathroom. I would advise using the inroom safe.The bathroom is small compared to other US hotel bathrooms I have stayed in. The rooms are kept very tidy witha maid service everyday, linen was cahnged twice during my 3 night stay. The TV was great with 40 TV Channels, mostly US ENglish language howver there was a spanish channel as well as a Japanese channel.Overall this hotel is a great base for the San Francisco tourist as well as business travellers with it's great business facilities.	
Nov 23 2008 	handy location	This hotel was 3 day pre cruise to Mexico.The hotel is split into 2 blocks,we were in the faraway one so make sure when you check in they deliver your bags to room as it is a long walk.The room we had was adequate for what we needed but it faced out onto main road and was very noisy in the morning.Their is a denny's in the building and very handy for breakfast etc.The hotel is very well situated for trams buses etc.and is a nice walk to the piers.Beware the so called homeless who will accost you every step of the way, you can.t miss them with their clipboards,just ignore them.The wharf pass can be a good idea for getting around and onto attractions and can be purchased online or at pier.Alcatraz is good but if you want to go at night book at least 2 weeks in advance.For a good restraunt go to top floor of macy;s intimes square called the cheescake,the food is divine&amp; so are margarita;s but very busy so go early.	
Nov 14 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	The hotel is in an excellent location within walking distance to all Fisherman Wharf attractions. I loved it!During my stay, the hotel was very busy with Oracle convention guest. Nevertheless, the staff was very accommodating and able to meet all special request I had including microwave in room, refrigerator in room, and cleaning carpet of spilled milk (traveling with infant). The staff was very efficient and friendly and I would definitely stay here again. Check-in was very quick and I received a free upgrade as a Priority Club member.CONS. Parking is expensive ($40 per day), but so is everywhere else in Fishermans Wharf. However, there is unlimited in and out privileges. Business center isn’t the best. Only 4 computers and one of them was down my entire stay. Wait to use a computer was at least 30+minutes. Overall, I loved my stay at Holiday Inn and look forward to returning.	
Nov 10 2008 	Couldn't have been more perfect	Holiday Inns across the US are pretty predictible - uninspiring decor, cookie cutter bathroom, mildly threadbare carpet and occasional elevator issues This Holiday Inn was no exception but has many many plusses - walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, Ghirardelli Square, Chinatown, Nob Hill, amazingly conscientious staff (ask for Valerie the concierge), attentive housekeeping staff and helpful telephone staff.Now this above average rating comes with a few caveats.Caveat #1: Confirm your reservation. We booked through Priceline as a king, non-smoking room. When we got to the hotel they were going to put us in a double, smoking room. Fortunately they weren't fully booked and could come up with a non-smoking double. Caveat #2: Dining at the hotel (i.e. Denny's) is ridiculously overpriced. Walk three blocks to Buena Vista for a truly remarkable breakfast - or take a leisurely walk to a Farmer's Market (Ferry Building on Wed/Sat or City Hall on Sunday) and stock up your room. Also, Walgreen's across the street is convenient, even if they don't rotate their banana stock very regularly. Caveat #3: Parking at the hotel is also ridiculously expensive ($39/night). A tip for anyone staying here (or near). Go to the Enterprise on Beach Street and do one-day rentals. They have 24-hour return (hard to find in SF) at reserved parking spots for only $10/night for those renting from them. It's WELL worth the couple block walk for cheap parking.Like I mentioned, this is a perfect location for a SF stay if you're planning to enjoy the city and aren't terribly concerned with being pampered. It's a Holiday Inn. You know what you're signing up for!	
Nov 6 2008	Perfect for tourist in SF	4 nights in October during a 2 week US vacation, have rated this Hol Inn much higher than Hol Inn 57th St New York where we stayed for 5 nights during the same trip.A nutcase of an Egyptian Taxi driver gave us a bad start to our SF visit, but check-in at this Hotel was extremely friendly and helpful including vouchers for 50% off breakfast buffet every day and tourist maps/directions etc, plus complimentary internet access on the top floor (you need another keycard for the elevator to get you to the top floor).If you are a tourist in SF then you likely want to stay near the Wharf? This is ideal. Great breakfast and friendly staff.Never tried the bar or restaurant since there is plenty on offer at the Wharf.Clean well kept rooms. Fridge and Coffee maker.No complaints whatsoever, would have no hesitation in booking this hotel again.	
Nov 3 2008 	good location	good location, staff friendly	
Nov 2 2008 	Priceline Deal	We got this hotel on a Priceline deal for $ 145.00 / night. Stayed there for 3 nights during Fleet Week. Checked-in at the main building but were told our room was in the Annex. No big deal, just a block from the main building. It was a room with 2 comfortable queen beds, spacious, nice bathroom and most importantly .. it was clean. We were on the 4th floor where you could also use a computer for airline check-in - very convenient. Didn't eat at Denny's as other travellers on here described it as overpriced. Just one block down from the Annex you find enough other places to eat at ( e.g. IHOP ). Across the street is a Walgreens, an F-line stop ( Muni - runs from Fisherman's Wharf all the way to the Castro along Market St. ) and the cable car turn-around is only 2 or 3 blocks away. Glad I got it on a Priceline deal as paying the $200-something / night is way overpriced - but you got the location which is worth a lot. Would stay there again but not for the regular offered price on their website.	
Oct 28 2008 	Fantastic Stay	We stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of our holiday. We were in the second hotel but it was fine. Nice and quiet room - top floor. The room was large and spacious and the beds were very comfortable. All staff were helpful and courteous and nothing was a problem.We loved the location - nice and close to fishermans wharf and outside the hotel is an F line so you could get to where you wanted in no time at all.We booked our stay through hotwire and would have no hesitation to stay at Holiday Inn in the future.	
Oct 26 2008 	nice comfortable hotel	Very nice comfortable hotel, no complaints at all,very helpfull , good location	
Oct 25 2008 	Great base for looking around San Francisco	Like many of the reviewers we found ourselves in the Beach Road property - does anyone actually get to stay in the main building and if so who are you?The walk from the main building wasn't too bad, although we had just been traveling for about 12 hours and had loads of luggage. The smell from Denny's in the lobby is not great, but you kind of get used to it (not enough to go and eat there). Our room was on the third floor at the end of the corridor facing onto the street, though this rarely caused a problem during our stay.The room was reasonably spacious and importantly clean. The shower was good and the bed comfortable. The internet access was wireless and free and that was important for us. We were just minutes away from the whole fisherman's wharf area and had good access to transport systems if we wanted it. The hotel was just what we needed as a base for looking around San Francisco.	
Oct 22 2008 	Noisy Below Average Hotel	To begin with - parking will cost you $40.00 a day. Then, you may find yourself not sleeping in the same building as the place you park. There is a building across the street with rooms. This is where we stayed. If it was raining...we would've gotten soaked going from the parking garage to the room. And you may find this a hassle with your bags. No one told us we could bring the car to the other building, drop off our bags, then park and walk back. The instructions from the front desk were to park and walk. As for breakfast...there is a Denny’s in the building and we ate there once and did not go back. It was awful. The only good thing was they cashed my travelers check and gave me change. As for the room - well we were on the bottom floor - right on the street. Very noisy and we could not open the shades because you could see in so easily. And there was a ton of foot and vehicle traffic outside. The room cleaners knocked on our door at 8 AM to clean... could they wait until like 10 when we'd be out and about by then? Location wise your right on the Warf...near everything. So that was good. But all in all...you can find something better than this place. It will do...but...there are some issues.	
Oct 19 2008 	Clean decent hotel	My husband and I drove up the the coast for our anniversary and when we got to San Francisco we stopped at a couple of hotels near Fisherman's Wharf. This one was the most reasonable.The lady working the desk was really nice and went out of her way to find my husband and I a room with a king bed in the non-smoking part of the hotel. Our room faced the alley where the staff and deliveries came in and out of. I thought it was going to be really loud, but actually it was really quiet for both of the nights we stayed there. The parking charge was ridiculous, but the other hotels we inquired about also had parking charges. We also ate at the breakfast buffet one morning. It was okay, but it was really expensive. We ate at Denny's the next morning which was much more reasonable. The location was fantastic. We walked to Ghirardelli Square, Fisherman's Wharf, and Pier 33 to take the Alcatraz tour. Overall, I think it was a pretty good bargain for the area.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great location	We stayed here for 2 nights at the end of our virgin holidays flydrive holiday. We were actually in the building across the road from the main hotel. The parking is normally $40 a night but virgin holiday customers only pay $16 per night which was great. This hotel is in a great location for fishermans warf/alcatraz/trams etc. Would happly stay here again without hesitation. We even had a view of alcatraz from our room.A good tip: we booked into our flight online and got good seats for our return flight. The hotel has a computer on the 4th floor linked up to all the various airlines (free of charge). We did this the day before our flight home and were able to skip all the queues at the airport.	
Oct 6 2008 	Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf - Perfect.	We traveled to San Francisco for a weekend while visiting family in Northern California. We were there for 2 nights and I would say the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf was the perfect hotel for us.The trip wasn't all sunshine and roses, and i will get into that later, but the SF portion of the trip was great.The Hotel. We arrived around 7:30 Friday night. We were put up in the main building, on the 3rd floor. We had 2 double beds, so when I asked if they had any King's left they said yes, but they were in the other building. Rooms were plenty big. Clean. We didn't have a view at all, but thats OK. We were with our 16 month old, so we needed a crib. Called housekeeping when we got to the room, and the crib was there minutes. We tipped housekeeping $2.50 Saturday morning. I know thats not much, but they seemed to really appreciate it. Left us a note thanking us, and then every time they saw one of us they asked where the baby was (sleeping) and always said hi. The Location. Absolutely perfect. Just a block from the Cannery &amp; Ghirardelli Square. 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. 10 minutes to Pier 39. Plenty of food nearby. Food. The onsite Denny's seems expensive. We had the Lumberjack Slam that we split between 3 ways. It was 2 Pancakes, 2 Eggs, 2 Pieces of Bacon, 2 Sausage Links, Piece of Ham and Hash browns for $13.99. Thats a lot of food, and was perfect for us to split. However Waffles were $11 and Hamburgers were $10+. The first night we were there we ate dinner at the Boudin Bakery on Fisherman's Wharf. I had the Bread Bowl of Chowder and my wife and daughter split a grilled cheese (it was huge &amp; and apparently VERY GOOD). Add a brownie and a bottle of water. Dinner for $20. The second night we went to the Wipe Out Bar and Grill on Pier 39. Standard american food there. Cool atmosphere. Sat outside.Yes parking is expensive, but thanks to Trip Advisor I was prepared for the $88 charge.Must do's. Go to The Stinkin' Rose. Great restaurant with a focus on garlic. Good stuff. Also visit Liguria Bakery (1700 Stockton). Not much of a store but the foccacia bread is outstanding. We got an order of the pizza bread and an order of the raisin bread. Great stuff. Get there early as they run out of stuff as the day goes on. If traveling with children, check out the Aquarium of the Bay at Pier 39. Kids under 3 are free, and adults are $14.95 each.The bad stuff has nothing to do with the city of SF or the Holiday Inn and all to do with Dollar Rental. Terrible. I won't go into all the details here, but it starts with them putting a hold on my check card for the rental, which I know is standard stuff, but they added 15% to the hold and when you are on a budget that extra $120 can go a long ways. I didn't realize this until Friday night. I called the 800 number and was told that I needed to talk to the Customer Service department, which at 8:00 local time was closed for the weekend. Thats helpfull. They said they would release the extra 15% when we returned the car. Which as you could imagine was at the end of our trip and the $120 really didn't do us much good.All in all, we had a great time, and would recommend The Holiday Inn to anyone.	
Oct 5 2008 	Good location for stay in FW	We stayed here for 2 nights as the first stop in our self drive Virgin tour. We transfered from the airport , as we picked up the car on day 3, in a $70 pre-ordered limo (I think connected to super shuttles) but it was not there, as promised, and after chasing on the cell phone eventually turned up after a 40 min wait with little apology - maybe best not to prepay or just get a yellow cab from outside of which there seemed to be plenty! The location is ideal, you can walk to any of the major pier's, Ghirardelli square, the cannery, Lombasrd Street and it's on the major bus lines if you want to catch the bus to Golden Gate Bridge. We heard no exterior noise at all, the room was super clean, roomy, comfortable etc as was the bathroom. All the toiletries were stocked when used and towels.We strangely checked in at the main hotel property to then be sent around the corner to a seperate standalone annex with all our luggage. The reception were not exactly friendly, mannerable, or helpful and advised us that the rooms were adjoining, as requested, but when we got there were about 5 rooms apart - it was too much trouble to go all the way back but did not make things easy for us.There is a Denny's below the hotel (we stayed at the Beach st. location) which we used once for breakfast and was ok but we used Joannie's across the road from the main hotel entrance the 2nd morning and had a great brunch there sat outside and was far more reasonable. We ate for the one dinner at Neptunes Palace Restaurant (we pre-booked before leaving the UK) on Pier 39 which had a great panoramic view of the bay, the GG bridge, Alcatrax and a lovely sun set - the food was good but slightly overpriced maybe but no complaints.There is a Starbucks and Walgreens across the street for your late night snack runs and bits and bobs.  If you are going to San Francisco to &quot;see the sights&quot; this is a place to be and there were other hotels locally that looked just as good. We only had one full day there and pre-booked a combined an all day City bus tour and trip to Alcatraz with Super Sight Seeing Tours (Alcatraz &amp; San Francisco Deluxe City Combo Tour) which was excellent and cost about $70 each. Alcatraz trips can soon sell out so make sure you pre-book to save disappointment.A great city, we fully enjoyed it, although we did not get to see it all.	
Oct 4 2008 	Love this Hotel.	We have just returned from a 3 week tour of California and used this Hotel for 3 nights at the start and 2 nights at the end. The hotel is in a great location for the piers, ferrys, restaurants and other tourist stuff.As mentioned in previous reviews it is possible to walk into the centre of SF from this location but we cheated and used the Cable car from Hyde St and then The tram system to return.The hotel is very very clean and has everything needed for a great stay but I would recommend eating out elsewhere as both Dennys &amp; Brooklands in the hotel are very overpriced. Street noise was not a problem but I would recommend asking for a room on the 5th Floor business level as this has restricted use by using your room card to access it via the lift.The staff are great at this place and will bend over backwards to make your stay perfect. They even have a free daily limousin service to Union Square if you are a priority club member (which is free to join).Only negative about this hotel is the price you have to pay to use the underground car park, $39 a day plus tax but parking elsewhere can be a nightmare as we heard one guy complaining that he had got locked in another car park across the street.We will definately stay here agian if we visit San Francisco in the future.	
Oct 3 2008 	A very nice place to stay in SF	We stayed at Holiday In Fishermans Wharf on 9/26 and 9/27. You could not ask for a better location than this hotel if your destination is Fishermans Wharf or Pier 39. We stayed in the main building which was very nice. The room was spacious and clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Parking was a little expensive at $44 a day, but that is the going rate for SF hotels. All in all it is a wonderful place to stay at Fishmans Wharf.We highly recommend a restaurant called Scoma's at Pier 47. It's a seafood restaurant whose clam chowder is the best I've ever had.	
Sep 30 2008 	Location Location Location	After driving up the Pacific Coast Highway from L.A. and getting into San Fran around 5 PM, we found the Holiday Inn at Fisherman's Wharf to be a welcome stop on our recent vacation. The location is excellent for those that don't mind a little walking. It is only about 2 blocks to Jefferson Street and all the action down at Fisherman's Wharf. The check in was easy and soon we were on our way to our room. Spacious, clean and bright are three words to describe it. Staff was very courteous and more than happy to answer our many questions about the sites in and around the Wharf. One thing about the parking. If you read the Holiday Inn's website, you will see that there is a $39 a day charge. This might seem pricey but it is right there at the hotel. There are parking garages in the area but would be a walk and a question of security. We only stayed one night there but were allowed to park in the parking lot to 6 PM or after. We checked out and loaded up the car with our luggage and then went sight seeing all day without having any concern over our things. It was well worth the money. Overall I would be more than happy to recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the San Francisco area. I will definitely be returning.	
Sep 30 2008 	Amazing stay at the Holiday Inn	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf from Aug 28- sept 1 and couldn't be happier. The location is ideal, you can walk to any of the major pier's, Ghirardelli square, the cannery and it's on the major bus lines if you want to catch the bus to Golden Gate Bridge. We heard no exterior noise at all, the room was super clean, as was the bathroom. All the toiletries were stocked when used and towel refreshed without issue. The bed was so comfortable that I got a fantastic nights sleep every night -which is unheard of for myself in a strange place. There is a Starbucks and Walgreens across the street for your late night snack runs. There is a very overpriced Denny's in the hotel (we stayed at the Beach st. location) but 2 blocks away is a far more reasonable and better tasting IHOP. If you are relatively fit, you can pretty much walk anywhere in Downtown San Fran, we walked all the way from Union square, thru China town to Lombard st then back to the hotel. The desk staff were very helpful when we were asking about food in the area, with directions and where to go. If you are going to San Francisco to &quot;see the sights&quot; this is the place to be - Enjoy!!	
Sep 25 2008 	tried to over charge us	Good location for all the tourist things, Alcatraz, city tours etc. Over priced hotel compared to others we have stayed in in the States, but SF has that reputation anyway.Room was large, clean and nice. Staff were OK when we checked in but on check out weren't as nice. We had our bill come through the door in the morning with 2 phone calls we hadn't made. They weren't for much at all but I still called down to say we didn't make them. The guy on the front desk said he would take them off but (in his words) &quot;they are only for a buck and a half anyway&quot;. Not the point really, we didn't make them and if they add these onto every other guests bill and they don't ask for them to b etaken off then they will make a lot of money!!Would I stay here again...... probably not. It was the ONLY hotel available we could find at the time, so I would probably look around for something better for your money.	
Sep 24 2008	nice hotel but steep parking prices put us off	Stayed here for 2 nights in Sept with my husband- we stayed in the 2nd building across the street from the main building, which was a bit of a pain for check in and check out as you are lugging your cases across the block, tho it wasn't too far. Couldn't fault the room really, clean, spacious tho air con unit (like many hotels) was pretty noisy and we had to have it turned off at night. Good location for Fish Wharf and for walking to piers that did tours ie Alcatraz (which I would deff recommend). Cab to Union Square was about $15 each way if I remember correctly. There was a store right across from the 2nd building which sold pretty much everything, from toiletries to snacks and water/drinks etc. My main gripe here was the parking charge- we paid $88 for 2 nights, self park, across the block from our building. Just to compare, we only paid $36 in total for 2 nights valet parking in an LA hotel later that week and just $70 for a whole 7 nights self park at a resort in Maui, Hawaii the week after. Way too steep. If I remember correctly, there was a Hertz and an Avis across the street from the 2nd building where we could have picked up a car after our stay in SF for our drive down the PCH to LA. A cab from the airport would have been cheaper than our 2 days car hire and parking charges. Having said that, we drove out of the city to Muir Woods and saw some amazing coastline along the way so we were glad we had the car but you can easily do without one if you are staying in the city.We ate at CheeseCake Factory one night (in Macy's), it was too windy to sit outside but would have been cool to do so if weather was better. Good portions, tasy food etc only downside was that our mains were brought out when we were still in the middle of our starter but would still recommend it and the cheesecake was amazing- we go it to take out.Breakfast at on site Denny's tho convenient and tasty was expensive- $50 with tip for 2 breakfasts and 2 OJ's.I think the parking charges would put me off staying at this place again and it's a shame as there was nothing wrong with the hotel itself- maybe all SF hotels charge excessive parking but if you have a car, look around for other places. If you won't have a car, then this would be a good choice.	
Sep 19 2008	Waaaay too pricey	When my wife and I stayed here at the beginning of September for 2 nights, we got offered a room in the new building across the street which we took, but the check in desk didn't actually make it that clear you had to walk a block with your cases to get to the front door of the other building. Also, when they said that the new building has quite limited parking, what they should've really said is it only has 4 spaces! So you have to park your car in the main car park and walk across the street each time, which is only really a hassle on check in or check out. But be very aware if you are staying here and you have a car, it ain't cheap. Our conversation at check in went something like this:&quot;So do you have a car with you?&quot;&quot;yep&quot;&quot;are you going to be wanting to park it in the hotel car park?&quot;&quot;yes please&quot;&quot;ok no problem, just place this on the dash, and you can pay for the car park when you check out&quot;&quot;ok thanks, oh how much is it by the way&quot;&quot;oh it's 40 dollars a night plus tax&quot;&quot;sorry i think i just misheard you, I could've sworn you just said 40 dollars a night&quot;&quot;yes that's correct, plus tax&quot;&quot;................&quot;So be warned, 2 nights parking will hit you with a bill for 88 and a bit dollars, which is steep for 5 star hotels let alone a Holiday Inn.The new 2nd building also has a Denny's in, which we used for breakfast one morning. 2 breakfast's and 2 orange juices came back with a bill for $40. Again, not what I'd call a cheap Denny's breakfast.The rooms were clean and spacious, and can't really fault them at all. Plus the hotel is in a great walking distance from everything in fisherman's wharf, and a cab to Union Square was about $20. I'd recommend staying here only if you don't have a car. Otherwise steer clear and find somewhere else that doesn't want to bleed you dry.	
Sep 15 2008 	Excellent hotel	Stayed 5 nights at the beginning of Sept, the hotel is in a good central location. We stayed in the second building, had a spotlessly clean room, the front desk and concierge were there to about 3pm, very helpful when needed. Would recommended this hotel and would have no hesitation staying there agin if I returned . The buffet breakfasts are a bit expensive but the restaraunt is nice and clean and has good selection. We tried a cafe over the road which claimed to be world famous for everything, I had an american breakfast which was 2 eggs 2 slices of bacon some chopped potatoes and bread not exactly the big breaskfast I was anticipating. Why spend all that money getting there and scimping on food at some greasy spoon.Booked through Hotwire, no problems, practically stayed for nothing. If anyone is not sure about Hotwire don't be,do a little research and save a lot of money, got it for $65 a night.San Francisco first time, in my opinion is 3/4 day stay max.Fishermans Wharf bit of a dump.Biked the bridge, very good but beware of oncoming bikers who think because they have a fancy bike they have right of way and race across. About 8 miles in total, longer trip than it looks.Did Alcatraz, brilliant.Got a taxi to hotel $44, 30 mins Got shuttle back $38.For conveniance and just $6 more just get a taxi.We moved to Yosemite for 2 nights and then MGM Las Vegas ( see reviews )Any questions just ask	
Sep 10 2008 	good convenient hotel	stayed here for 5 nights after staying in Las Vegas.given 2 adjoining rooms which were clean and reasonably sized, but in the annex. Only real inconvenience was in having to walk to the main building to use the pool.the hotel is very conveniently situated - easy to get around and the cable car stop is very nearby which was useful as were the trams outside the hoel. Easy to wald or tram to pier 33 for alcatraz tours.The Dennys was convenient but not the best cuisine ever! The staff were helpful and friendly, Car parking charges were high but we had virgin discount so wasn't too bad.all in all a good stay and would definately stay again	
Sep 5 2008	hotel is fine - tacky location	I was last in SF 20 years ago and loved fisherman's wharf. Returning this year it has turned into a tacky tourist hell hole - there really is nothing appealling about the area though if you want to be surrounded by naff shops, tourist tat and burger restaurants then it could be for you. Granted, it is close to ferries (alcatraz etc) , bike hire, tour buses etc so handy in this respect but I didn't feel comfortable there. The Holiday Inn itself is like any other - clean, efficient and so on but choose your room carefully. This hotel is full of british people on virgin holidays which I didn't like - I wanted to get away from Britain. Unknown to me at booking there are two bulidings, a main one and a satellite called the 'beach' building. It is only staffed in the lobby at peak times which is inconvenient, there is a Dennys in the lobby which stinks the place out and the pool is in the main building which means a 5 minute walk on the main street in your cossie. Get a room looking out onto the courtyard - ours was directly above the main street where trams and taxis woke us up at regular intervals all night - they did move us when we complained. In short - the hotel was fine but its a busy, noisy tourist area so beware.	
Sep 4 2008 	Good for the price!	We got an excellent deal through Hotwire so this was good value at $73 per night. It was the usual Holiday Inn high standards of cleanliness &amp; a comfortable fairly spacious room, situated in the Beach Street Annexe. The pool &amp; main facilities were at the main building which meant crossing the road &amp; a 2 min walk. Otherwise, our only grumble was the smell of stale fried food in the lobby ( a result of the Denny's situated there).We didn't have a car with us, fortunately!The staff were all helpful &amp; the service good.	
Aug 26 2008 	Good hotel in a good location	We were in San Francisco for 4 days at the end of our 2 week holiday and from the reviews on Trip Advisor weren't expecting great things. However, we were pleasantly surprised.We were upgraded to a business room which was spacious and clean. We had a fridge where we could chill drinks - the supermarket was close by.The pool was ok - not huge amounts of loungers, but we always got a seat and it was quite busy with children.The location was excellent - 5 minute walk to the main Fishermans Wharf area with all the boat trips, cable cars, bike hire etc and the bus stop was opposite which you could catch up through China Town to Union Square.Breakfast was very pricey - nearly $50 for 2 buffet breakfasts!	
Aug 24 2008	Great hotel!	I really liked the hotel - they allocated us a large room on the 4th floor which was spacious (for 2 adults &amp; 2 children sharing), clean and well equipped.Breakfast in the restaurant was a welcome change from the buffet type meal served in so many establishments.Good location - I would definately come back here	
Aug 22 2008 	So disappointed	We were so disappointed in our hotel. The location was great but the amenties were lacking. We paid an outrageous fee for parking. It had almost doubled from when we booked the trip and when we stayed there. When we complained, they just basically said, &quot;Too bad.&quot;This was also a very noisy location. Unfortunately staying on the wharf meant trash trucks and street cleaners at 2-4am. The Denney's in the hotel was not clean. I paid $14 for a simple breakfast and got very poor service. There is however a deli right across Beach Street that had great bagels and cream cheese.	
Aug 21 2008 	Wonderful Stay!!	My sister and I had a wonderful stay at this Hotel! The rooms were beautiful, beds very comfortable, Lobby very inviting, friendly staff, conveniently located near all the Fisherman's Wharf activites, and excellent food in the Restaurant. I would highly recommend this Hotel for your travels to San Francisco.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great Location nice hotel.	Booked through Virgin Holidays as part of my California/Nevada tour, San Francisco was our 1st port of call.Before I start, this is my expectation of a hotel, clean, tidy, up to date, hot/cold running water, good maid service, safe &amp; in room coffee makings, decent location &amp; ultimately I'm not going to spend a lot of time there, I'm just going to sleep &amp; store my clothes there !Firstly the HIFW is in the ideal location for Fishermans Wharf, less than a minute from Hyde Street Pier &amp; the beginning of the wharf, if you book with Virgin, chances are that you will stay in the Beach Rd building, which is 30 secs walk from the main building &amp; where you check in, no big deal really even dragging cases. The Beach Rd building does have it's own reception &amp; that is also where the Denny's restaurant is located, you would just have to walk back to the main building to use the swimming pool, fitness centre, gift shop &amp; Bristol Grill.The room was large enough for 4 of us with 2 Queen size beds, no view other than the sports bar opposite &amp; was clean, tidy, had tea &amp; coffee making &amp; a decent shower/bath.We ate in Denny's most mornings prior to going out for the day which was fine &amp; reasonably priced, it is after all just a big chain of restaurants.We managed to walk all the way to pier 41, Crookedest Street, Chinatown &amp; O'Farrell St to pick up a hire car from the hotel without any bother &amp; we're not superfit walking freaks or anything like that. As far as security is concerned, the room lifts are accessed by your room key, as are the stairs, the lifts broke down once but only because a group of school kids overloaded it, maintenance had it fixed &amp; working within 15-20 mins no problems.San fran is a great city with plenty to see &amp; do, we were there in the holidays &amp; it was as busy as can be expected, only getting uncomfortbaly busy on the one weekend we were there.	
Aug 18 2008 	Fishermans Wharf	Good location in Fishermans Wharf (that is a bit of a dump in some areas) basic but clean hotel split into 2 buildings stay in main building if you can all the usual Holiday Inn features.Small pool but Ok for a quick dip	
Aug 18 2008 	Average Hotel but a great prive	This hotel has a great location and was booked through Priceline for $135.00. The major problem is that the Holiday Inn is two separate buildings with no convenient way to commute between them.Most services in the secondary building are usually closed and you really feel isolated. Rooms were nice and large but a bit noisy. Still a great bargain at $135.00. No breakfast is offered and the in building Denny's prices are double the standard rates.Stay away from it and try one of the many small restuarants nearby.This Hotel certainly does not compare to the others in the three star Priceline group and should be dropped to a 2.5 star rating.For the price I would stay there again but would prefer one of the other three star hotels such as Holiday Inn Express, Marriot, Hyatt, Hilton, etc.	
Aug 16 2008 	Great Location nice hotel	This was a nice hotel. The main advantage is the location. Within a few blocks of Fisherman's wharf, and just a block from public transportation. I would certainly recommend the Holiday Inn Fisherman's wharf to anyone traveling to San Francisco. The hotel is showing its age somewhat, with worn hallways and common areas. However, the rooms were clean and well maintained. The hotel is in two seperate buildings across the street from each other. So if you are in the &quot;outbuilding&quot; you have to cross the street to go to the pool or fitness center. the seperate building does have its own front desk and concierge, but they are not consistently staffed. For the location and cost (I booked on Priceline) I would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 12 2008 	Good location	We have four nights here.Friends had advised us that a car wasn't needed in San Francisco, so we took a cab to the hotel and arranged to collect our car on the day we left. This saved us money on rental and the expensive parking rate at the hotel.Check in was efficient, although somewhat brisk.Room was spacious, clean and a good condition.We were on the Priority Club Floor. But we didn't get a Priority view. View was of air conditioning units on roof level with our window. This was dissappointing.There was no fridge in the room and no complimentary tea bags/milk (not everyone drinks coffee). Although they were happy to supply some from the bar when asked.Forget Dennys for eating, worst breakfast every, place felt dirty needs complete refurb and meal not good value.Location of hotel was good, plenty of things within walking distance.Pool nice, although on the warmest day during our stay there were not enough loungers around the pool.Average value for money.	
Aug 11 2008 	Perfect location	We stayed at this hotel for 4 days and had no problems. The rooms were what we expected from Holiday Inn, very comfortable and clean.The staff very helpful and quick to our needsl. The concierge helped us get sold out tickets to Alcaraz. We requested an additional pillow and two extra towels and also the sink did not drain properly. All of our requests were done in a timely fashion. The location was perfect, perfect, perfect and cheap public transportation is very close by( cable car, street car or bus). The parking was $39.00 per day.If I would have planed better I would have left the rental car at the airport. We had the best breakfast at the Hollywood Cafe every morning just down the block at 530 N. Point Street, lots of good food at great pricesand a cheerful attentive staff. We walked with our children every morning and every night to see the sea lions at pier 39.We would stay there again.	
Aug 6 2008 	great location	Excellent location. we booked 2 rooms and requested adjoining or adjacent which we didn't get. We ended up just down the hall from each other on the priority club floor. Stayed 5 nights and the rooms were very nice with a fairly good sized bathroom, king bed, sofa bed and the usual desk and chair etc. Street rather noisy at night with motor cycles!!!! Didn't breakfast in the hotel but had good evening meals (quantity, quality and value given some of the procey restaurants on the front) - The hotel was fully booked but both times we ate dinner in we were the only or 1 of 4 parties in the dining room!The hotel offered a free airline online checkin kiosk to print boarding cards which was a bonus ( except BA website wasn't responding at the time of our stay). Outdoor swimming pool was rather cold but very nice amenity and there is a guest coin op laundry in the parking garage. surface car park very tight but additional parking in garage. Very expensive though. I think it was $36 per night. We took the car back to alamo early as you really don't need a car in SF unless you want to drive well out of the city.	
Aug 6 2008 	so so hotel	The Holiday Inn at Fishermans Wharf was an okay hotel. The location was great. In walking distance to Pier 39, Ghirardelli Square and many restaurants on Fishermans Wharf. The building seemed a little old and could use a few more updates. Parking was extremely expensive and it was inconvenient that the main lobby was in another building. Overall, we were pleased with our stay at this hotel.	
Aug 2 2008 	excellent location	The first good thing happened when we arrived. You are allowed to park for 20 minutes for checking in (but no one's counting).Location of this hotel is brilliant, within walking distance of the Embarcadero, bus stop and cable car.I would have preferred the Radisson location because it's the only hotel that is actually exiting onto the Embarcadero but their roomrate was way higher than the Holiday Inn's.Room was good, spacious with two good queen beds and all facilities you would need. Wifi available but they also had a business floor (5th) accesable with your roomkey in the elevator.Check-in staff was a bit distant, they were not too helpful when you had questions about exploring the city.We had stayed at the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf before, which we liked better roomwise but even stopping your car at the entrance was not done so i'd rate these equal.	
Jul 31 2008 	Wonderful Stay At Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf	My husband and I had the pleasure of staying at the above hotel at the beginning of July. We have stayed here on two previous occasions and then and during our last stay, we could not fault anything. The service was excellent - we requested a room that we had stayed in the last time we used the hotel and it was allocated to us without any fuss. It is a typical chain hotel with decor and furnishings the same as you would see anywhere else but of an attractive nature and it was very clean. The on-site restaurant, Dennys, is open 24 hours and placed well away from any guest-rooms so there is no problem with noise. The actual hotel is located in the hustle and bustle of the Fishermans Wharf area but a few blocks away from the main hub so you are not disturbed by any noise. We found the reception staff to be exceedingly helpful and they could not, in fact, do enough for us.	
Jul 31 2008 	good location	This hotel is in a great location for exploring san francisco, fisherman's wharf is just a short stroll as are 2 cable car turnarounds which take you straight into the same place in the centre, you can take powell-mason or powell-hyde. If you are going to be using the cable car get a 3 day pass which is unlimited for $18 as opposed to $5 for a 1 way trip. There are also plenty of restaurants and cafes nearby for breakfast, closest is Denny's right around the corner and a Walgreen's pharmacy is round the corner too.Hotel itself is nice, when we arrived we were offered either a room that wasn't ready yet or a smoking room that was ready and was an upgrade, so obviously we took the upgrade in the executive floor, a few blasts of the air con kept the smokey smell at bay. Room was nice, bed massive and comfortable and there was a pillow menu by the bed where you could order from a range of pillow changes! Our room also had a view of Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge.Concierge in the lobby can organise tours for you, the supersightseeing tour we did was great and was around $50.The absolutely only bad point was that the noise from the street at night was shockingly loud, the windows must be made of paper, luckily we were so busy during the day that we both conked out at night, otherwise that could have been a problem. Overall great location, nice hotel and i would stay there again	
Jul 25 2008	Good location and clean	I booked our stay on hotwire for only $75 per night and we stayed 3 nights. We got a room with 2 beds which is what we wanted and we were in the 2nd building across the street which was fine. The room was dark but comfy and cosy. The Dennys in the building is convenient but not where I would want to eat the whole time, but there is a Starbucks across the street for breakfast. Lots of other restaurants in the area. Close to buses, cable cars and trolleys and we walked most places. Nice to sit by the pool as good weather, but still with clothes on! A chilly wind! Overall, a good stay and nice hotel.	
Jul 11 2008 	Perfect Location!	Although the room was a bit pricey, the location was excellent. It was very close to all of the main attractions in the Fisherman's Wharf area. Our room was clean and the bathroom was big and bright. The beds were decent, and the pillows were awesome. The decor was nice and modern and the employees were helpful. They even allowed us to check in 2 hours early!	
Jul 8 2008 	Decent convenient good for kids	My family stayed here over the July 4 weekend at the Beach St bldg. We paid $60/night so this turned out to be a fantastic deal. Pros: clean, comfortable, friendly maids/room service staff, close to Fisherman's Wharf, walked to fireworks, convenient to restaurants, Walgreen's, transportation. We had no car. Cons: when storing bags on our last day, it took a long time for the porter to help us. The reception staff (one female at Beach street location) was busy texting when I went up to ask about bag storage. She answered questions curtly. Bag retrieval was equally slow. No view from our window except the other rooms. Lots of families. I'd stay here again if I wanted to be close to Fisherman's Wharf.	
Jun 29 2008 	Good Location	This was the first half of our California vacation. We spent the second half in San Diego. It was also the first time my husband and had been to California. Due to weather issues, we didn't arrive at the hotel until the early morning hours. There was no problem at check-in. We stayed on the first floor of the second building(the one with the Denny's). The security card escorted us to the build due to the late hour. The room was clean and well maintained. Since it was our first time in San Francisco we had alot of sightseeing to do and spent very little time in the room. The first morning we had breakfast in the restaurant in the main building. The service was a little slow. We ate breakfast for the rest of the trip at Denny's in our building. It was more convenient to come out of the room and go there. The Wharf is a short walk away, so is the F line trolley which you can take to get to Union Square and Chinatown. Also, a Cable Car line starts a few blocks away. You can get an all day Muni Pass from that station. The hotel staff was also very helpful in letting us know which transportation lines would take us where we wanted to go. We had a good experience with the hotel overall.	
Jun 29 2008 	Nice and afforable	We spent a total of 4 nights at this hotel. The location was great; it was a block from the F line, a few block from the Hyde-Powell historical cable line (get there early to avoid the crowd), and very close to all the Piers. We have a 5-year old with us and we were able to use the public transportation to go places.Unlike other hotels, this Holiday Inn has two separate buildings. The secondary building, which we were in, was across the street from the main one. That was not a big deal except for checking-in and checking-out; carrying all the luggages and a kid across the street was not very fun. Although the second building has a front desk, it doesn't open until 7am.Overall, this is a nice hotel, and for the price that we paid ($80/night via Hotwire), we would come back again.	
Jun 17 2008 	Perfect location for a first visit.	We stayed at this hotel for six nights during a very warm spell and didn't have any problems at all. Our room was on the second floor and had two comfortable double beds and a spacious bathroom. The view was of the road but we were only in the room to sleep so that was irrelevant. The shampoo and body lotion was fragranced with mint and was very refreshing after spending all day out in the wind and sunshine. Check in was quick and easy, as was check out. Mary at the front desk was notably great during check-in. The restaurant breakfast was quite expensive but there was a good range of food and it was very tasty. There were plenty of other restaurants nearby as alternate options. The hotel was very clean and I thought the housekeeping staff were very polite. I only saw a security guard twice during my stay and didn't come in late enough to discover whether or not the main doors were locked at night. This hotel is within walking distance of so many tourist attractions. Public transportation can take you where your feet can't. We took the #30 bus to see a baseball game without any problems. The bus stop was just across the road! Both cablecar line turn-arounds are within walking distance and the streetcar L-line runs along the wharf. There was a wedding reception and an 18th birthday party held during our stay and we didn't hear any noise at all. The only bad thing I can come up with is the noisy air conditioner/heater in the room and we just turned it off at night.	
Jun 15 2008 	A good value some problems.	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf for two nights for a business meeting and found the room to be just fine. It was clean and we had everything we needed. Our &quot;view&quot; was the wall next door, but we weren't in the room much and we just kept the curtains closed when we were. That really didn't matter because we've been to San Francisco so often that we've seen the views and weren't particularly interested in one. It's always nice, however. If I had been a tourist seeing San Francisco for the first time, I'd probably want a better view. Wifi is free everywhere in the hotel.The service at the front desk was delightful and helpful. A big problem is that the bar is dark, gloomy and the service surly. We didn't eat breakfast at the restaurant because it is very expensive. Not a fan of the Fisherman's Wharf area, I hopped the street car to the Embarcadero for a Noah's Bagels breakfast sandwich. If you like the area, Denny's is a block away from the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf. There are many other restaurants within an easy walk - 15 minutes to North Beach and 20 to Chinatown. The cable car and street car lines are within a block or two, so getting around is easy. Another problem is that the hotel allows the &quot;we're cheaper than the taxi&quot; limo scam to take place on their property. Don't ask the doorman to get you a taxi, he'll steer you to the limo - don't fall for it, the limo is always more expensive than a taxi. Just take the taxi waiting on property, call for one, or walk up to the street and one will appear soon. One convenience is that there is a Safeway, Sav On pharmacy and Trader Joe's a couple of blocks up Bay Street. The best shopping is in Union Square or the Embarcadero but again, transportation is easy. I prefer the Embarcadero or Union Square locations in San Francisco but the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf is a good value.	
Jun 3 2008	fawlty towers	Coming from LA we had to phone ahead for a 1 night stay directly prior to a pre-booked 1 week stay and discovered at check inn that we had to pay a $38 plus tax a day car parking charge that we were not told of previously even after asking about parking on the phone as i am a permanent wheelchair user, we did get a reduction but were still not happythe room booked was to be the same as the pre-booked room so we would not have to cange but they'd put someone in it already,so we were given another room for the stay after waiting at the desk for 1/2 an hourOur room seemed nice at first but we didn't sleep all night at the air-con/heater blower unit kept cutting in and out but was thermostaticly controlled so it was either that or be cold as it was windy/cold outside, eventually we turned it off but got little sleep as we found our room was on the side that backed onto a road with a T-junction and the buses were stop-starting from 6am!!In the morning we discovered the shower head wouldn't stay up and it leaked badly and sprayed water out everywhere,we asked for 2 days before it was fixed,we just laughed at the toilet that made a sound like foghorn when flushed!Wheelchair acess was ok but the bed, like most in the US was very high and hard to get onto, i needed assistance to be safe,also there was only a handrail on the wall-side of the toilet, just a little more thought needed here and thereBreakfast was not included in the price,the restuarant was a bit overpriced too as were the films/gimmicky Nintendo in the roomFishermans Wharf was very near but personally after a couple of day's we'd had enough,a bit touristy/tacky only Alcatraz made up for it a little bit, wish we'd stayed in LA area for longer	
Jun 2 2008 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	I stayed at this property with my elderly father when showing him San Francisco for the first time. I was very pleased with the friendy and helpful staff, the clean rooms, the great breakfast, convenient parking and the wonderful location. If you are visiting San Francisco to check out the many sights I would definitely recommend staying here as it is a very short walk from Fishermans Wharf and the famous Cable Car route.	
Jun 1 2008 	its a good location but 1 or 2 issues	First off, we got a great rate on this one via pricline $59, so anything in this review has to be tempered with that.I wanted this hotel as we were only staying in SF for 2 nights, basically breaking our journey from Dublin to Hawaii.So locationwise this is great, literally 2 minutes walk takes you to the fishermans wharf area, another 7-8 mins to Pier 39.The &quot;separate&quot; building feels like you are being assigned 2nd class option, its a 2 min walk from the main reception, with luggage and after an 11hr flight, you really just want to get checked in and get an elevator to your room. Help was offered to walk to the other building, but we just did it the ol' fashion way.Room was a great size, not too noise, and had 2 double beds.Night before we left I pre-booked a car to the airport at the main reception, AS I recall it was $50, which wasn't much more expensive than a shuttle for 2 people. Driver was duely waiting for us at our building reception (which was another reason for booking car, saved having to go back to the main building to get the shuttle), and the car was excellent as was the driver.Overall a great location, clean accomodation, but not being in the main building gives a feeling of not qutie having got what you thought you were getting.	
May 31 2008 	$42 for parking!! Outrageous	we stayed for one night. I booked through priceline and I thought iI got an ok price but I was shocked to find out they charged $42 just to park. When I asked how much the parking garages were she supposedly didn't know. The parking lot was inconvenient since you have to walk from one end to the other just to get around the gate to walk across the street to the hotel which was separate from the main hotel. The rooms were just ok, beds weren't that great. I couldn't check out through the tv due to some error on their part and had to go back to the main hotel to check out. Had I known about the $42 parking I would have bid much less. The parking price should really be highlighted somewhere on the website. The price of the room shouldn't be close to the same price for parking. And I was mad to read one review that said they were given a third off the parking price without asking. I was never offered any discount or other options for parking. I won't stay again.	
May 28 2008 	Good location.	We had a room on the ground floor of the Beach Street building. I had called in advance to request/confirm a baby crib but it was not there when we arrived. I had to call again for it.Being in the Beach Street building was good for the 24-hr Denny restaurant, but is no good when we needed information from conceige. That said, the conceige at the Columbus building was knowledgeable and friendly, as we expect them to.There is a self-service laundry room in the Beach Street building ($2 wash, $1 powder, $2 dry) which takes only quarters. And if you need to change for quarters, you have to go to the front desk at the Columbus building..The room is of a reasonable size, bathroom as well. I cannot find any fault with the room. Beds are comfortable. Carpet is clean.Location - it is one street away from Pier 47, which is a short walk to Pier 39 and Pier 33 (Alcatraz cruise). It is a 3-min walk to the bus-stop outside Marriott Hotel for the bus #30 to Chinatown/Union Square, or bus #30 in the opposite direction to Golden Gate Bridge. Lombard Street is a 10-min walk away.	
May 26 2008 	Great start to our holiday	This was destination #1 in our 2007 summer holiday which took in San Francisco (Holiday Inn, Fisherman's Wharf), Yosemite (Yosemite View Lodge), Carmel (Carmel Mission Inn), Santa Maria (Holiday Inn), Beverly Hills (Beverly Hilton), Anaheim (Sheraton Anaheim) and San Diego (Paradise Point). This review is for Holiday Inn San Francisco Fisherman’s Wharf, about 3 minutes walk from the popular ,if a bit touristy, Fisherman's Wharf area.This is a good quality hotel in a good location. Being a Holiday Inn, it is very err.... &quot;Holiday Inn&quot; i.e. you know what you are going to get. There is amply parking for guests and as a Virgin guest we were surprised to get it for a third of the usual price without having to ask. Staff are attentive and polite.Rooms are have the solid, corporate feel of a Holiday Inn and are pretty much faultless in that respect. Working desk, free safe and coffee machine are welcome. There is another HI just around the corner with a Denny's diner inside which is handy for breakfast. Out hotel offered breakfast but we hose to explore. There is also a pool but SF in July is not the warmest place to be swimming especially when there is little sun. Overall, no nasty surprises and well recommended. Great price. We are making a return stay in summer 2008.Tip: SF taxis - be very clear with your directions to the driver. The roads can be long and you can get dropped off at the wrong end.Tip: Choose this hotel for easy access in and out especially with a car to outer lying areas,Tip: Fisherman's Wharf can soon feel tiring with all the touristy shops and some of you may well hate it. It is however only a few dollars by cab into the main shopping area. The hotels here are more expensive and car parking starts to become a problem.	
May 21 2008 	Great Location; Great For Pets	We stayed 4 nights at this hotel while on a recent roadtrip with our small dog to San Francisco. We were very pleased with the accomodations,which were even a little nicer than expected given the reasonable price of the room per night. The room was very clean, well maintained and comfortable. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful and available all night long. The food in the on-site restaurant and the breakfast cafe was quite good. The hotel was very conveniently located to shops, tourist attractions and restaurants. The parking was also extremely convenient (which was imporant since we traveled throughout the city in our car -- which was actually, contrary to popular belief, very easy to do). In addition, we found the hotel to be quite convenient for pet owners who travel with their pets because there is a small park across the street from the hotel for those required early morning and late night visits. All in all, we really liked this hotel. We will stay there again. In fact, we have a visit scheduled for next month.	
May 20 2008 	Great stay	We paid $72/night for a Friday to Monday stay in May through Priceline. I can easily say I would have paid more for the room. We were in the Beach Building (where the Denny's restaurant is located) next door to the main building on the third floor and I didn't think there was any issue with being in the other building. We had an interior room, so we heard no street noise. The room and bathroom were both spacious and very clean. Beds were plenty comfortable. We had a desk and an arm chair in the room as well. The street cars that run along the wharf pick up right outisde the rear doors and two cable car line pick ups are within a very close walk. There is a Safeway grocery store about 3 blocks down the street (handy for cheap eats/drinks). There was also a much cheaper car parking lot (I want to say less than $20 a day) on North Point Street.	
May 20 2008 	Nice Hotel Nice Location	I booked this hotel through Hotwire for just $62 per night and when I checked their website the same room would have been $200 so I really got a bargain. The rooms are nice, spacious and comfortable. Same with the bathrooms. Usual toiletries, hairdryer and towels are provided and house keeping come once a day. We we initially given a room on the 5th floor which we thought the toilet didnt flush properly and when we complained we were moved instantly. There is a bit of street noise but it is a busy area so you will get that at any time of the day.The location is so convenient. The hotel is literally one block back from the main fishermans wharf. There is a street car stop and a bus stop outside which can take you to Union Square. Pier39 is less than 5 minutes walk.The downside is the cost for parking but everywhere is like that in San Fran and with the location and the public transport you really dont need a car.I enjoyed my stay here. It is a good hotel. I am not sure if it is worth $200 a night but accomodation is not cheap in San Fran and it is comforting to know that it is safe to walk around the area at night as there are some dodgy areas in San Fran.	
May 14 2008 	Very Nice Stay	Booked threw Priceline The hotel room was large and clean and well located for all tourist activities The restaurant located in the hotel was ok but over priced ( only had breakfast there the day we left to save time)	
May 6 2008 	Good for Tourist	Our overall experience was good here. We stayed 5 nights and it was truly only a place to sleep. Too much to do! The parking is OUTRAGEOUS--$42 a night. (FYI--it's only $40 if you get a parking ticket on the street! Oops!) We needed our car for our trips out of the city otherwise don't get a car. The trolley stops right outside the front door, so that's handy. This hotel was convenient for everything we wanted. There is a Denny's on the first floor. We ate there once and it was all right--nothing special. The room cleaning ladies were all very friendly. With the exception of one desk clerk, all other staff was friendly as well.	
May 3 2008 	Great location / well suited / good Hotel	Stayed for 3 nights recently. After a long flight from Australia, we woke up the next morning very relaxed and ready to go exploring. Very handy location to fishermans wharf, bay area and all public transport. Room comfortable and clean. Would stay here again if we were back in San Francisco.	
Apr 25 2008 	Quality Stay	A friend and I stayed here for three nights for a girls weekend get-away. We booked through Hotwire so didn't know exactly what hotel we were getting until after we booked. But the location was great, close to cable car line, F-Line, Ghiradelli and the Buena Vista, a great place to stop in in the evening for an Irish coffee. rooms were spacious, beds were comfortable, staff was very friendly. Only draw-back, single-pane windows allow alot of noise in through the night and early morning. We could hear everything from garbage trucks emptying the dumpsters to people shouting and laughing on the street after a night of clubbing. But all-in-all, great value. Would definitely return.	
Apr 23 2008 	Great Location	Before booking my holiday I read Trip Advisor to get an idea of what the hotel was like and thought it seemed okay. Just before we went I looked at the reviews again and got a bit worried, however, I didn't need to be - this was great.We were located in the 2nd building, which is literally just round the corner from the main building, and although there was not anyone on the front desk here, we felt very safe as you need to use your room key to access the lifts.There is a Denny's in the lobby and this proved to be a great help - the first day after arriving we went on a day trip to Yosemite National Park and had to leave at 6am, so with this being open 24 hours, it was ideal for breakfast before we set off.We ended up eating here a few times just because it was so convenient and cheaper than other places around as you are situated in the heart of tourist land!San Francisco itself is great - the Fisherman’s Wharf area is a bit like Blackpool but if you go up to Pier 39 (about 10 min) walk it’s much better - still very touristy but much busier and of course home to the famous sea lions.The cable car turn arounds are a few blocks away in either direction and take no more than 10 mins to walk to - we rode the cars just once but it was great to go up and down the hills and see the city this way.Lombard Street is about a 10-15 min walk away - be warned it is up hill all the way, but well worth the walk and the views on the way back down are great.Because we only had a limited time in the city we went on an organised Tour that included a trip to Alcatraz as well as a few hours on a coach being shown the sights of the city. I would recommend doing this as you get to see the major things and we even got to walk across the Golden Gate Bridge. We booked this ourselves via the Internet before we left the UK and had no problems at all. We also used the same company to go to Yosemite on a day trip - although this was a long day, it was well worth it - Yosemite is beautiful.We had a quick dinner in Chinatown at a place called Chef Jai's - this is next door to the famous House of Nanking but without the queues! The look of the place isn't that inviting, but don't be put off - the food is amazing and cheap!Overall the hotel was great - in a really good location. There was a free key operated safe in the room, free internet access in the main building, tea &amp; coffee making facilities in the room as well as a telly and a good sized bathroom. The beds were really comfy, which was just what we needed after an 11 hour flight. The rooms had blackout curtains in them, so you weren't disturbed by sunlight.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who only has a few days to explore the city and wants to be somewhere central as you are really close to everything and the hotel is good value for money.	
Apr 18 2008 	Exceptional Value	Booked a room on Hotwire for $79 per night. The hotel is located a block from Fisherman's Wharf. If that part of the city is of interest to you then this hotel is for you. Check in was easy. Parking as everywhere in San Francisco was absurdly expensive. We were charged about $40 per day including tax to park the car in their underground lot. I could not find a good alternative and you really need a car to get to all the attractions especially outside of the city. So I had to bite the bullet. We were put in a building across the street from the main Holiday Inn Building. They called it the Beach Street Buidling as it was on Beach Street. It has a 24 hour Dennys in the lobby and access to the elevators required your key card. The hotel was well maintained and the hallways and public areas were clean. Our room on the 5th floor was roomy and comfortable. Free wifi was a plus. We had two double beds, tv, coffee maker, excellent heating and cooling, great water pressure and hot water, good towels, good housekeeping services, lots of space to store your belongings, a safe for valuable, etc. It is a budget hotel especially if booked on Hotewire or Priceline so you will be with budget seeking people. If you are looking for the upper crust go to the Hyatt. Only drawbacks were I would have liked a fridge and they were asking 9.95 for 24 hours of the Disney Channel. Pretty slimy if you ask me. The hotel was also a bit noisy but a towel at the bottom of the door helped with that. We arrived from New York so Midnight in San Fran was 3 am according to our bodies. Takes a couple of days to adjust. We brought our 9 month old son. The hotel provided a free crib. Metal and very sturdy and clean. Also I used the laundry on the 2nd floor. Two washers and two dryers. 2.00 a load quarters only. 27 minute wash...40 minute drive. Room was immaculate. All in all considering how expensive San Francisco is for just about everything this was a bargain and a great place to stay. If I return I will definitely check this place out again.	
Apr 17 2008 	Ideal for tourists	Good in hotel in a great location. Good value for money. Hotel set in the middle of the tourist spot and all the restaurants. Great transport system with the trams and cheap as well.	
Apr 8 2008 	Thumbs up	Got this on hotwire.com for USD69 a night, arrival 4/4 departure 4/8 (4 nights). We were given a room in the beach tower across the street.I found the quality and standard of this property to be of a very high standard. From the pillow menu, to the individual temperature control, to the free internet, it was an excellent stay in every way. Room was of a good size, bathroom was well laid out, in room safe was free with key, and housekeeping was very effective at keeping everything exceptionally clean.I would like to thank the poster who mentioned the car park at 350 Beach Street. We used this on 3 of our 4 days, and it is an easy 5 minute walk from the hotel. At USD20 a day, it beat paying the USD35 at the hotel. We got free street parking on the Sunday. If you search hard enough, there is free parking on the street down North Point a few blocks, but it is very hard to get. There is also a Safeway a few blocks down which had great pre-made &quot;to go&quot; sandwiches and cheap alcohol for those looking to save money like us.The only thing that annoyed me about this property was the Denny's in the foyer. They wanted USD12.99 for the Heartland Scramble, which is USD4.10 more expensive than other Denny's in California. Talk about price gauging! Save yourself the money, and walk the two blocks to the iHOP - its a reasonable price, and the quality of the food was exceptional.All in all, an excellent stay in San Francisco, and an excellent stay from Holiday Inn.	
Apr 8 2008 	Straight to the fifth floor	Good location, a couple of blocks from Fisherman's Wharf and the trolley buses. We got upgraded to the fifth (business) floor when we asked for a king bed with no fuss.Clean and tidy. No real problems. They exceeded our expectations.	
Apr 6 2008 	great stay !	we had a wonderful stay at the holiday inn. we were on honeymoon and they upgraded us to the 5th floor in the main building which is the business suite. The room was lovely, large and facing alcatraz so we had a lovely view. The hotel concierge were really helpful and the hotel is in a great location near the trolleys and little italy and fishermans wharf. Dennys which is part of the other building is a 24hour restaurant and we had breakfast there twice. It was lovely food and cheap. overall we had a great stay.	
Apr 6 2008 	Great Location	We spent four nights at this hotel and found the location perfect . Our room was very nice and large in the main building No complaints until it came to breakfast on the first morning when we were charged $45 for two buffet breakfasts, a little excessive we felt, but we did not get caught again. We found Boudin`s bakery just a short walk away where we had lovely breakfasts at a fraction of the cost. We had a great few days and loved the Wharf area and Pier 39.The city bus tour was excellent where we could hop on and off so we saw a lot in just a few days.Overall this hotel was good value for money without the breakfast	
Mar 30 2008 	Good location	This hotel is in a great location - with tram stops closeby tto take you to the centre and good access to the many fish restaurants and attractions of Pier 39.Hotel is of the standard you would expect from Holiday Inn - nothing spectacular but perfectly adequate.Biggest issue for us was having booked through Virgin Holidays (who have reps based in the hotel), the reps were never available at the times they said they would be. Consequently we found the San Fran Sightseeing Co around the corner very helpfu for excursionsl. Book to go on a trip with &quot;Doug&quot; - you won't regret it!	
Mar 26 2008	Clean and recently remodeled hotel	Checked in on a Sunday afternoon. The check in was a little slow, but the staff was very friendly. We were checked into the tower adjacent to the Holiday Inn Express. The rooms were recently remodeled. The rooms included coffee makers. Bath included a tub/shower combination. The rooms were very clean. The hotel is one short block to the embarcadero and fisherman's wharf. Parking was typical of SF and was $35/day. In and out privileges were allowed. Booked this room on Priceline as a 3-star. Not sure this is in the same category as Hilton, Hyatt or Embassy Suites as Priceline states, but it was clean, convenient, and recently remodeled.	
Mar 25 2008	Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf	We stayed two nights at the Holiday Inn at Fisherman's Wharf. Our room was very large, clean and updated with nice bedding, window treatment, and fluffy towels. The only downside was that we were not in the main building, but across the street. It is confusing, there are two Holiday Inn's -one is a Holiday Inn &quot;Express&quot; that comes with breakfast and then there is the Holiday Inn (no breakfast). The location is GREAT. Walk to everything in the Wharf and Pier 39. Parking was $35 a night - ugh!, so we found free street parking.	
Mar 21 2008 	Great Location Good Hotel	I have stayed here several times over the last few years. I just got back from a two night stay yesterday. It is really in a great location as har as the Wharf goes and there is lots to do in the area. I have always stayed in the main building so I can't comment on the secondary building. I have always been upgraded to the executive floor (5) but there really isn't much to make it &quot;executive. This last stay my coworker had a room on the 4th floor and mine was a little bigger/nicer but his room was fine. I will say it seems they have upgraded some things like bedspreads and such, but it is not a new hotel. That being said, it is clean, comfy and in a great location. Many of the guest seem to be from the UK. I would also say it is a &quot;kids welcome&quot; type of hotel.	
Mar 21 2008 	Great location	This is a great hotel right in the centre of San Francisco. We stayed 3 days and the service was excellent. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 18 2008 	spot on location	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights as a recommendation from our travel agent and wasn't disappointed.We found the room to be adequate clean and comfy bedroom, the location is great just 10mins walk to sea front and pier 39.We didn't choose to eat in the hotel, but this was because there's so much too do outside of it.I couldn't fault it for the money we paid and had no problems checking in or out.The view is limited from your window but this didn't matter to us.There are plenty of bars and eating places within 10 mins walk.We do intend to go back to SF and would stay at the same place again, only for longer.Tips : Full Irish breafast in the morning just as you come out front turn right and over the road. Jacks bar 68 beers on tap! (seafront).Alcatraz tour (try the night tour). China town, and plenty to do down the piers. WW2 submarine very interesting.	
Mar 15 2008 	Great Location	I stayed at the Holiday Inn during a five day convention in San Francisco. I found this hotel to be quite dated and in need of remodeling. However, my room was very clean and provided everything that I needed for a comfortable stay. I was on the 5th floor which is their business floor. There are three computers with internet access and printers next to the elevators on that level.As for convention access, I was a long ways from the Moscone center. Our convention provided complimentary bus service, but it took about 30 minutes to get to the Moscone center. A cab ride was around $10 to get down into the convention center/Market St. area.As for the local area. This hotel is only two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. So there are numerous restaurants and bars in the area. The trolley stop for all three major lines are all within a couple of blocks. So I feel that this is an excellent location if you are tourist.Overall, I had a fine stay here. The location is excellent for a night out around Fisherman's Wharf or the North Beach area. Hopefully, this hotel will get a facelift in the near future.	
Mar 12 2008 	Never Ever Again!!!	Earlier this year my myself, along with my husband and two daughters aged 12 &amp; 14 embarked on the trip of a lifetime to the United States. Unfortunately on arrival in San Francisco our youngest daughter had a severe tummy bug and we were very anxious to get to our hotel so she could rest. Upon arrival at the Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf we checked in and were given the key to our room which was extremely tired and dated. The curtains were closed when we entered the room and when we drew them back we were horrified to find that we were looking out into a carpark at a brick wall! It was also very noisy and the room was very cold thus my daughter was unable to rest well. The staff were very unsympathetic of our plight and after spending approximately 3 hours on the premises we promptly left to another hotel in Union Square (The Handlery) which bent over backwards for us. On checking out of the Holiday Inn we were assured by the young woman on the desk that we would not be charged for the accommodation which we had booked ahead for 3 nights but were horrified to discover on arrival back in New Zealand we had been charged on our credit card for 3 nights accommodation. After several costly phonecalls and some time later we finally received a credit for this. We will never stay in this hotel again, nor any other Holiday Inn again as we found others that we used in the United States to also be disappointing. This is not a hotel chain we would recommend.	
Mar 11 2008 	Good location for seeing the sights	I stayed at the Holiday Inn, Fisherman's Wharf for four nights in October 2007 with three friends on a three centre holiday with Virgin Holidays - San Fransisco first, then on to Las Vegas and Los Angeles. We specifically chose the area of Fisherman's Wharf as it is geared towards the tourist and as we had never visited San Fransisco before, it suited our needs. It's approximately a 20 minute drive from the airport and check in was quick. Virgin Holidays use the second building in the next street but it was only a couple of minutes walk away. The Denny's on the ground floor of our building was really handy and there's a shop and coffee bar in the main hotel foyer. The rooms were very clean and comfortable and also quiet as ours were on the 5th floor. It's only a short walk to the main sights of Fisherman's Wharf and to the cable car turnaround. As it's a busy area, it felt safe at night. We didn't visit the hotel restaurant, preferring to get out and about. Boudin's upstairs restaurant overlooking the sea is worth a visit and there's plenty of choice for food and drink at Pier 39.Our group was extremely satisfied with our stay and if you are looking for a convenient base from which to explore the city, this hotel is an excellent choice in my opinion.	
Feb 27 2008 	Save on Parking	We stayed at this hotel from February 21 and checked out on February 23. Pricelined the hotel for $65 per night. Called ahead and requested a king size bed for just the two of us. When we arrived at the hotel, they granted the request. Based on reviews here, we were put up at the beach hotel - the one with the Denny's inside of it. Our room was an end unit on the second floor. Aside from traffic outside, everything on the inside was just fine. The free wifi was nice to have. I had already reserved a room in the Cow Hollow section of the city. That hotel provided free parking, and cost about $85 per night. So, my goal was to find parking that was less than $35 per night that the Holiday Inn wanted. We found a parking garage close by that has parking for $20 for 24 hours! It is located at 350 Beach St. Look for the Enterprise rental car agency located there too. There was one big negative, you had to prepay your parking. They have automated parking ticket dispensers and I used my credit card to pay for the parking. There are no in/out privileges. You have to park in a numbered stall first, then walk over to the machine and punch in your numbered stall. If you need to take the car out of the garage during the 24 hours, someone else CAN park in that spot, and you'll have to buy more time in another spot. However, if you get back into that spot and you still have the parking ticket, you're golden. Remember to place that parking ticket on top of the dash board so it can be easily viewed. I do not know if access to the garage is granted in the middle of the night, nor what time it closes... if ever. I don't know about security. I do know I kept nothing of value in the car overnight. I do know I saved $15/day by parking there. It is 1 block east (on Beach St.) from the secondary building. Not a far walk at all. When it was time to pack the car for the trip back, I drove it to the temporary parking at the hotel, and we loaded up.	
Feb 24 2008 	Nice Stay at the Holday Inn Fishermans Wharf	The hotel is an a great location to fishermans wharf and public transportation to all the others. Our room was clean and the hotel check in was pleasant and friendly. The bed was comfrotable. My wife used the exercise facilty that has some treadmills and ellipitical machines. Be sure to take a cable car ride.	
Jan 26 2008 	Not one I'd pick again	Stayed here for a conference, but I wouldn't stay again if I had the choice. Was put in a second building that was farther away than the Hilton or Marriott. Rooms were ok. Best thing was the free internet. STAY AWAY from the Denny's in the hotel - worst food I've ever eaten in a restaurant, even by Denny's standards.	
Jan 2 2008 	Not bad	We stayed at this hotel, in room 303 (Columbus building), from Dec 23, 2007-Dec 27, 2007. We were given a room with 2 double beds (I thought we'd get queens but you never know with priceline) in the main building of the hotel. The hotel is clean and the staff are helpful. The restaurant inside the hotel, The Bristol, is open for breakfast and dinner, and kids eat free with paying adults. The breakfast prices are high (it can be charged to your room), but cheaper than the Denny's across the street, and a buffet is available; all food was made to order. There is a gift shop inside the hotel where you can purchase souveniers or items you may have forgotten, and even stamps for postcards. Our room was small but clean. The bathroom has a coffee maker (makes a single cup at a time), shampoo, conditioner, soap and lotion. The hotel is located one block from a Starbucks and restaurants, and two blocks from the Cable Car turnaround. Pier 39 is within walking distance. Parking is available, but you have to pay $35 a night plus tax (although we were only charged for one night of parking). There is a concierge on site to provide directions or recommendations for things to do. There is an outdoor pool, and a small exercise room. I also noticed a pool table in the restaurant. While I didn't hate the place, I'd probably stay at a Holiday Inn Express next time because they provide a free breakfast and are newer.	
Dec 20 2007 	Nice hotel.	Overall a nice hotel.Great location close to Fishermans Wharf and 10-15 min. to Union Square by taxi or cable car.Front desk staff not too helpfull.How ever, the concierge recomended several restaurants - tried one (steak rest.) and it was great and affordable.I had a room on the 5th floor (business floor). On the floor is three pc´s with free Internet. The hotel also offers free wireless Internet through out the hotel.My room was spacious and clean and with a view of Alcatraz. Aircon was a bit noisy.Great breakfast buffet, with waffles and pan cakes - aprox. $ 20 pp.Underground parking, aprox. $35 per day.	
Dec 17 2007	Don't take this Dump	I have no idea why there are so many good reviews for this hotel. Quite possibly one of the ugliest hotels in San Francisco, inside and out. The beds in our room were the worst I have slept on in years. We woke up with sore backs. The rooms were outdated. The floor was wet in one corner of our room. The heating/AC was very very loud. Other guests were very loud and staff did not quiet them. When we asked to switch rooms, our request was denied.We found used tissues on the floor of our room upon check-in. When we asked the front desk about a good place to eat in San Francisco, the mecca of good restaurants, we were told to go to the hotel's on-site DENNY'S.This hotel was very disappointing. There is no way it deserves a 4. The service was poor. The housekeeping was poor. The look and smell of the hotel was poor. The location was decent, but who cares about that when you are walking around with a sore back all day from the hard beds where I could outline all of the individual springs. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 14 2007 	Loved the Holiday Inn!!	We Stayed at this hotel in early October this year. We got a great deal through Hotwire. Holiday Inn was a great choice for us. The location is fantastic, Close to absolutely everything including Starbucks!! Rooms were a decent size. There were four of us and we didn't feel at all cramped. The rooms were very clean, beds were extremely comfortable, room service excellent. Laundry was a welcome sight as four weeks on the road does bring forth a lot of washing and it wasn't overpriced.We stayed in the beach annex building which is also very close to where you could book your tours and Denny's downstairs was a bonus.All in all we would highly recommend this hotel and plan on staying here again if we ever get lucky enough to return to fabulous San Francisco!!!	
Dec 13 2007 	Good area	Stayed one night as part of a flying visit to the city during a holiday to Vegas.Decent hotel in a good location for visiting the main attractions such as fisherman's wharf and pier 39.Normal Holiday Inn quality rooms and a restaurant that served a nice meal at a reasonable price.My only grouch was finding a letter through my door in the morning informing me I was entitled to a room upgrade if possible and a free drink on account of my priority club membership. Would have preferred to have been told when it would have done me some good but never mind these things happen.	
Dec 6 2007 	Holiday Inn - great location great hotel	This hotel made an ideal base from which to explore San Fransisco. Just a short walk from Fishermans Walk - Pier 39, with its restaurants and shops, and close to the 'trolleys' that will take you all over San Fransisco.The hotel room was clean and comfortable, good bathroom, plenty of hot water and nice fluffy towels. We were on the 'business floor' and had free internet access in the business centre. Breakfast was good, bar staff very friendly, but we had a Thanksgiving buffet meal which I thought was not great value (all rather bland) The little coffee &amp; snack shop in the foyer is excellent valueAll in all, a value for money hotel.Dont miss Alcatraz night tour - full of atmosphere. Take a boat trip over the bay for some great nightime pictures of the city, and of course you have to see the Golden gate bridge. Enjoy.	
Nov 21 2007 	Handy for Alcatraz	We stayed at this hotel for two nights only.whilst on holiday in the US. Our room was in the Beach building which was a bit of a walk from the main building with our luggage. We didn't try the Dennys partly because of some of the reviews we had read and partly because there was an awful smell from the place. The Beach building was handy for the wharf area and certainly for Alcatraz and Pier 39. Yes the hotel is in a &quot;Touristy&quot; area, but we are tourists. We ate in &quot;Wipeout&quot; on pier 39 on our first night, mainly due to the fact that everything seemed to be closing at around 9pm and also that we had just had a very long flight and couldn't be bothered to look too far. The meals were ok but a large budweiser cost $7.95!The hotel room was fine and the room was comfortable and clean.The beds were very comfy.We had a nice view of Alcatraz. Not having been in the main building of the hotel, I couldn't comment on the hotel facilities. We had pre booked our visit to Alcatraz and enjoyed the visit.The views of San Francisco were spectacular from the island. We rode the cable car and walked back through Union Square and China town. We didn't see too many vagrants unlike mentioned in some reviews. But then again we come from a large city and are accustomed to seeing homeless people. On our second night we ate in Lorries diner in Giraldhelli Square. It was fine. The hotel was okay but wasn't worth the price we had paid for it.I think I'd rather go to the Holiday Inn Express next time where breakfast is included. For breakfast on both mornings we ate in the Wharf Coffee House on Beach street.The breakfast was good and the cost reasonable.The staff were so friendly and the coffee shop was near. I would love to return to San Francisco because we didn't have long enough there.	
Nov 19 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	Just returned from spending a week at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf. I decided quite late to attend the Oracle OpenWorld conference. A month before the conference, all hotels in San Francisco were booked. Thanks to a cancellation, I was able to book the Holiday Inn. It wouldn't have been my first choice. I normally stay at a four or five star hotel. Also, this was quite a commute to Moscone.Based on other reviews, I called to request a room in the main building. On arrival, I was given a room on the business executive floor (5th). There were 3 computers available for guests on the floor. My room had free wireless internet, a small refrigerator and microwave. The room had been renovated fairly recently and was in nice shape. The bed was comfortable and with the choices from the pillow menu, I slept surprisingly well.The only downside to the stay was the small in-room safe. I had called in advance to make sure there was a safe in the room that would hold my laptop. I was put on hold for about 5 minutes while they checked. On arrival, I found that the safe was too small to hold my purse, much less my laptop. For the price paid, this was a nice hotel. It is very convenient to the touristy wharf area.	
Nov 4 2007 	great hotel	stayed at this hotel for 5 nights this october it is very clean rooms are good size and housekeeping is completed each day the reception staff are very helpful and theconceirge can organise all you tours for you and in most cases can have you picked up at hotel would recomend stay here in preference to any place else as all the life is around here	
Oct 30 2007 	Nice hotel-good location	We went for a midweek getaway for our anniversary from Oct 24-26 2007. Paid $195 a night (AARP rate) for 2 doubles but we got upgraded to a king at checkin. Our room was in the&quot;beach&quot; building which was a block away from registration. That was an unexpected walk with luggage We didn't have a car which was a plus as parking is $35 a day. This building has a Denny's restaurant. (one of buildings entrances is the same as the restaurant). Our room on the 6th floor was at the opposited end. (more walking)Room was clean and comfortable. The staff was very friendly. Always a hello when you passed them in the halls. The elevator was friendly too. It would welcome you when entering from the lobby and say goodbye when you got off on your floor. This section of the hotel itself was very quite although our window(which opened) faced a busy street which was noisy quite early in the morning.Room has both wireless &amp; wired internet which was one of the reason we chose it. However I can;' comment on it as we decided to leave the laptop at home at the last minute. Coffemaker was of the heat hot water and instant coffee variety. If you want a good cup of coffee to get you started, thisi isn't it. So while the room was nothing special,the best part of this hotel was the location to public transporation. The Powell-Hyde line cable car line is 2 blocks away and the #30 bus which goes downtown is only a block away. That bus became our best friend and with the vistor muni pass (highly recommended)-took us everywhere we wanted to go.That plus Fishermans wharf a block and 1/2 away make this hotel a good deal and probably the best you will find that close to the wharf.	
Oct 22 2007 	great location	Stayed at the holiday Inn for 4 nights and would definately recommend this hotel to anyone else. It is not one for luxury and pomp, but the rooms were spacious, clean and very pleasant. The location is excellent, within easy walking distance to the wharf and all it can offer, restaurants, outings and even within easy reach to other sights such as Lombard Street and Union Square! For the price, location and cleanliness, this hotel is definately good value for money!	
Oct 15 2007 	An enjoyable weekend	Stayed at the Holiday Inn for 3 nights over the Fleet Weekend in Oct! Loved the convenient location...bicycle rental was just around the corner, and the major car rental companies are right behind the hotel (for those who plan to pick up or return their cars). Also, it was within easy walking distance (around 20-30 minutes for our speed, with lots of pictures taking along the way!) to Pier 39 and the departure point for Alcatraz. Though we arrived from the 5 star hotels at Las Vegas, we were not disppointed at all. In fact, we were extremely pleased with the hotel. The hotel also has a pillow menu, which you could choose the pillow which suits you best. We requested for a room in the Main building, which was nice. However, it was not a King Bed room. We were told that they could only offer a King Bed in the annexed building. Oh well. The only slight downside is we had a room at the corner of the hotel block, on the ground floor. The main road junction was just outside our window and it could get a little noisy in the morning. We would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Sep 18 2007 	Everything great!	We stayed here from 6th-9th September and were really pleased with hotel. Concierge very helpful and had booked us on night city tour before we even had chance to check in! So we checked in at 3pm and were picked up at 5pm for tour.That was great value.. starting off with dinner in McCormicks and Culeto's seafood restaurant. We were in the Beach Building, a little walk from the main reception. Away from the pool but we didnt have time for that anyway. Were very impressed with quality of food and service in Denny's 24 hour diner at entrance to Beach Building. Everything was very clean... our room and beds very comfortable and quiet (we were on 5th floor) and couldn't think of any comments to put on our card at the end saying &quot;Is there anything we do have done to improve your stay&quot;. Tried breakfast a &quot;Joanie's&quot; adjacent to main building. Popular with locals, all food cooked to order so a little wait, but sure worth it.Hotel location is superb for Pier 39 and Fishermans Wharf and cable car turning point, as well as streetcars. Also a few minutes from bicycle hire set-ups. We cycled over Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito and back (18 miles!), but you can catch the ferry back.	
Sep 18 2007 	City by the bay	This was our 2nd visit to San Francisco the only down side we found that Fishemans Wharf area was a little run down and tatty compared to our previous visit 4 yearsago.Run down stalls selling the same old tee-shirts etc.and the homeless tramps.Jumping on a cable car (is it towntown or uptown)was as before quite an experience,the Union Square area has not changed.The hotel was first class no complaints,nice large rooms and plenty space and handy for Dennys for breakfast,overall a pleasant stay,pity about the weather kind of cold especially walking over the Golden Gate Bridge.	
Aug 17 2007	Great location	We loved the location of this hotel, which is a great selling point. We got put into the annexe, probably because there was an error on our booking (on their part). We didn't mind, but having read other reviews I'd prefer the main building next time. It's a short walk to the annexe and as we had a car in the hotel's car park, a bit of a pain at the end of a long day's sightseeing. We also didn't know you could take the car round to load/unload so we lugged all our stuff there by hand when we first arrived. Someone at the hotel could have helped with that, in hindsight.We wanted the use of a car as we drove out of SF several times, but if you plan to stay in the city don't bother with a hire car. It's $35 a day to park at the hotel and transport is easy in SF with good links near the hotel. The room was clean but the annexe felt a bit quiet and barren. I wouldn't want to be staying there on my own. The lobby isn't always staffed but there was usually a night watchperson around. You can get breakfast (toast etc) at Denny's on the ground floor and take it up to your room (or get a decent husband to fetch it!!) and there was a coffee maker. Being British, I managed to make passable tea with it and the staff at Denny's gave me loads of tiny milk cartons to take to the room. A fridge in the room would have been useful though, to store milk etc. The room could also have done with a couple of easy chairs. We just had one upright chair. All of the staff we encountered were helpful and polite. They got directions for journeys printed off the internet for us.It was an average hotel, no luxuries but adequate for a short stay in SF.	
Aug 8 2007 	Loved the Restaurant 	We are a little slow writing this review. We stayed here for four nights and loved the close proximity of this hotel to Fishermans Wharf itself, which is good for any sightseeing around the bay, etc. Our biggest praise though is for the staff and service in the restaurant. They have the best steaks. So so tender and that is saying something when you are from Australia where we have the best steaks. It was my birthday whilst staying here and the manager and staff of the restaurant made it really enjoyable for me, arranging for some cakes and even singing happy birthday. My daughter also enjoyed having internet access and I enjoyed finally having laundry facilities which were sadly lacking in our other accommodation choices on the west coast. All in all we would recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Aug 6 2007 	Ehhhh...so-so stay at the Holiday Inn	As all the other reviews state, location, location, location....nothing here &quot;wowed&quot; us over our 3 night stay except the easy walk to Fishermans Wharf. I thought for $245/night (AAA rate) the room was a little small for our family of 4....bathroom was decent, shower pretty good and all were very clean. No fridge is a HUGE incovenience with kids...had to ask for extra ice buckets to keep a few drinks handy and cold. Ate one meal at the restaurant in the main building where we stayed...DO NOT recommend it! Kids eat free (meals for them were pretty good), but not a lot of selection for us grownups and the prices are outrageous! (Doesn't even make up for the fact that the kids meals are free!) Can't comment much on the service...didn't really need anything during our stay. Parking is pretty steep, but seems on par with everything else in the area. We never got a chance to use the pool (weather was very cold, rainy and windy), but it looked ok. Overall, doubt we'll be back to San Francisco anytime soon, but would probably chance another hotel next time anyway.	
Jul 25 2007 	NOT a 3 Star Hotel!	We were in a room in the annex, down the street and around the corner. There was no desk clerk in that building. When I called the front desk of the main bldg. on Friday at 5pm to get a taxi (I'm an entertainer and was performing downtown), no one answered the phone! This went on 20 minutes, till I ran down the street to the main bldg. in my gown to have the porter hail a cab! Rooms clean, but no refrigerator (much less a microwave) for those expensive leftovers from Fishermans Wharf. No towels at the pool at 10am Saturday. Exercise room about 12ft x 12 ft., not much in there. Paid $2.50 in the gift shop for 4 ($.026) postcard stamps, clerk told me it costs $.69 to send postcard! I checked at front desk and was told the same. Had to ask the concierge to get the right postage amount! Other than location, I do not recommend this hotel, and it should be rated 2 stars, not 3. Next time we'll pay the difference and try the Sheraton.	
Jul 16 2007 	Great Location but That's It.	This is a great location. It is an easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf, the cable cars, Ghiardelli Chocolate, and even the Alcatraz Tour, though that was a bit further. Parking was $35 per night, but what can you do. The main lobby was very nice, but we got stuck in the building next door, which I believe is where all the riff-raff with AAA discounts are condemned. There is no parking there, except for around 10 spots near the main entrance which were constantly full. So, you have to double park, drop off the luggage, then drive back to the posh hotel to park. Then you repeat the process when you leave. The &quot;annex&quot; is barren, except for the Denny's, which was crowded (not sure why with so much great food around). The rooms were adequate and clean. We only got 3 bath towels for the 4 of us, and it took over an hour on two consecutive nights to get a 4th. Our view was of the tourists in the next wing of the annex. We would stay again only for the location, but try to get a room in the main building. Maybe things are nicer there.	
Jul 16 2007 	Great location very helpful staff	Stayed for 4 nights at the end of a 17 day vacation in California. The hotel staff are very professional and helpful. As we used our Priority Club membership number when we booked (even though we have only used it once before) we were given an excellent room exclusive to club members and given tokens for two free drinks in the bar. Nice touch we thought. Also on our floor there were three PC's available so we could use the internet free of charge.The room had a great view over to Alcatraz (albeit with a sub view of the car park next to the hotel). The room was spacious, clean with nice toiletries and a bath robe. Also there was good information in the room about what to do in San Francisco.We ate out for breakfast most days and found a great diner in Ghiradelli Square which was excellent - great food and service.We did use the bar on one or two evenings as we met up with friends travelling from Australia and the kids especially enjoyed the Pool Table. One negative point. One of the female bar staff on duty was really miserable and kept telling us the kids were not allowed to drink which we were well aware of and had ordered them soft drinks anyway.Nice swimming pool and fitness room which was an added bonus.The doormen were exceptional. Always helpful and their service was excellent. With our friends we were a party of six and thought we would hire two taxis to take us to the Golden Gate Bridge but the doorman suggested hiring a limo for an hour as it would work out cheaper. It was a great idea as we not only got to see the bridge, we drove over it, he stopped both ends to allow us to take prictures then also drove us to Lombard Street afterwards. Great value for $75.Tip if you want to go to Alcatraz and they do not have a time slot for you. Show up at 8.00 and you will have a great chance of getting on a trip as they receive unused bookings back overnight. We were told the earliest was on the next Tuesday, the day we were leaving so we thought we wouldn't be able to go. We heard about going down to the ticket office at 8.a.m. on the Monday and got on the 9.a.m. boat no trouble at all. Well worth the visit too.Fisherman's Wharf is just around the corner. It is very busy but great fun for a few days. The cable car is two minutes away also so it is easy to get around the city yet we found our room to be very quiet and relaxing.The hotel booked us a shuttle back to the airport on the day we left.Overall we had a great few days. Good value, good location and aexcellent service.	
Jul 11 2007 	Staff need to go on customer service training!	We stayed in the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf for 4 nights in June 2007. Upon arriving we were shown to our room in the Annexe building. No bar, no restaurant (just a Dennys) no receptionist. The room was fine but it over looked the dumpsters at the back and faced a brick wall. Not ideal but we thought it would just have to do. At 6 am the next morning we got an unscheduled alarm call as the truck arrived to empty the dumpsters. The noise was so horrendous it felt like the truck was actually reversing through our bedroom. An hour later when we had just managed to get back to sleep the truck arrived back to empty more dumpsters!We went down to request that we be moved to another room and the receptionist was very frosty. Muttered a lot about if &quot;we didnt like that room then we would like this one&quot; etc. I finally lost my temper and yelled at her &quot;we have had this trip booked for 6 months and flown half way across the world. There is no way you are putting us in a crappy room in an annexe that you only give to someone when there is nothing left&quot;. All of a sudden there is a room available in the main building over looking the pool, Ideal! It was a nice room, no noise at all. The concierge was completely off-hand when we asked him to book transfers to the airport and actually snatched our flight details out of my husband's hand. The reception staff were very unhelpful when we told them we had a problem with our bill. To top it all our airport transfer that the concierge arranged was late. We decided to save time and use the auto check in terminal they have in reception. We went through the check in procedure and the boarding cards did not print out. We explained this at reception and their answer was &quot;oh, that's not working&quot;. (They knew it wasn't working but did not think to put a sign on it saying so) We then had a job trying to explain at the airport why we had checked in but had no boarding cards. The whole place was extremely unprofessional and the staff had a &quot;couldn't care less&quot; attitude. On the plus side, the room was OK and clean and location good for Fisherman's Wharf and the Cable Car to Union Square.Would not stay here again. We had spent the previous week in Las Vegas where the customer service we experienced was first class every place we went. We were firmly disappointed with the Hol Inn.	
Jul 6 2007 	Great Location - But Noisy	As mentioned in Previous reviews the Hotel comprises of 2 buildings , we where in the building whcih was around the corner and across the street, The reason for this is that we booked with Virgin Holidays and thats where the Reps where and the welcome meetings. We where in a room on the ground floor , just below street level and by the traffic lights, so although the window was shut we heard all the car noise and people walking past the window at all hours of the day and night. The room was clean and there was a safety deposit box in the room. We only stayed for the 4 nights so the hotel apart from the noise was okay for the short time we where thereThe location of the hotel is idela for the whole of the wharf area, and the Dennys within the 2nd building is ideal for a great breakfast. Must do in San Francisco is to hire bikes from the wharf and cycle over the Golden Gate bridge and downhill to Sausalito, ( Ferry back as the cycle back is up some very steep hills)	
Jun 5 2007 	Ideal location	Excellent location for the Wharf and to pick up the sightseeing bus for the city. Convenient, clean and great for a long weekend stay. You get what you pay for so although it is not luxurious in any way, its the location that sells this hotel.	
Jun 4 2007 	Disappointing Hotel	For the price, this hotel is really not great. We stayed over 3 nights week of 28th May, and it wasn't brilliant at all. Weather was dreadful - which didn't help. Hotel was rather tired and tacky. At least the heater did work. Staff were not as snooty as a lot of other SF staff - which wouldn't be hard! The gift shop attendants were lovely, and the laundry was a relief after 10 days on the road. We did get a smoking room, however, which was hard to do in SF.Don't make the mistake of eating in the restaurant. Food was awful, service appalling and incredibly expensive. We actually left the restaurant and asked at the front desk for a bill, as we waited almost 15 minutes for one of the three servers/attendants in a restaurant with 4 table occupied at 9.00 pm to get us a bill. Eventually, the server came out with the bill and when I handed it back after signing, she said &quot;What, no tip?&quot; (completely seriously). As if!!We would not go back there if back in SF.	
May 23 2007	Very nic elocation and staff were great	We just wanted to say that our stay at the Holiday Inn in Fishermans wharf was excellent. The staff were friendly and polite. Each day when we walked down the hall and out for a morning coffee, we were greated with friendly &quot;hellos &amp; good morning&quot; from the cleaning staff. The room was well kept and enjoyable to stay in. The location is excellent and close to the wharf, morning breakfast establishments and various pubs, restaurants etc.One confusing thing about this hotel was that many travellers had been dropped off at the &quot;main&quot; hotel and had to travel 1 block to an ajoining Holiday Inn. We noticed a few travellers that were getting there luggage transported to the ajoining hotel and could see that they were a little confused.All in all, the Hotel is well kept, clean and very hospitible to travellers and definately made our trip to San Francisco an enjoyable one.	
May 18 2007 	Satisfactory hotel excellent location	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf for three nights at the end of April 2007.I stayed in the hotel block which was located around the corner from the main hotel. For me this caused no problems. I found the staff polite and friendly. They were happy to take my luggage to and from the main building where I got dropped off and picked up. The room was spacious and clean. The only problem was when I used the laundry room and the dryer swallowed my money. I did however get a refund on this. The Denny's restaurant which is located inside the hotel is also highly recommended, especially after a long flight.The location is excellent for sightseeing, especially if it is your first visit to San Francisco. I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again myself. If you find yourself staying in the hotel block around the corner it really is only a few minutes walk and had no impact on my stay whatsoever.	
May 14 2007 	Disappointing!	Very disappointing service! Great location with regard to Pier 39 but we had to walk around the corner &amp; down the street to get to our room which was in a totally different building from where we checked in! We were charged $3 more for parking than was listed on the hotel's web site and for some reason none of the personnel at the hotel had access to the web site to confirm and wouldn't refund our $3! I found that hard to believe! Isn't it worth $3 to keep your guests happy? The desk clerk's handwriting was illegible, so I had to ask her what the room number was and she gave me the wrong number! We were almost late for our event because of the slow service &amp; set up of the hotel. Also, no valet parking; only self parking for $35/night! (Web site shows $32).	
Apr 22 2007 	Loved the location 1 block from the wharf.	This was our last stay on our trip to America. We were booked into the Beach street annexe of the hotel. My husband and I were a bit worried after reading other reviews of this hotel, but the only bad thing about this booking was the walk of one block round the corner to our room, also everything had to be done and booked in the main hotel, for instance trips and so forth. The good thing was the Dennys restaurant on the ground floor of the annexe, it was great, as when we arrived, we were tired, so we ate there that evening and it was quite reasonable, and very pleasant. We did the Alcatraz trip, brilliant, walked over the Golden Gate Bridge, awesome. San Francisco is beautiful, Fishermans Wharf was fabulous. The absolute highlight of our trip was the 17 mile drive coach ride, a whole day out along highway 1, scenery was breathtaking, stopped at Monterey Bay which was beautiful, saw the lone cypress tree and Pebble Beach golf club. Then into Carmel, what a pretty place that is, wish we could of stayed there longer, recommend anyone to do this trip, when visiting SF. It was the most fantastic value for money, we were out and about in the most beautiful places, with a great coach driver, Larry, for about 11hrs all for $65 dollars each, what value. I digress, the hotel was very clean, comfortable and very well located for everywhere in SF. Would recommend to anyone and would defo. go back again.	
Apr 2 2007 	Great Value in Wharf	Stayed 2 nights in this nice hotel. Check in was a breeze with friendly and helpful staff. Stayed on 5th floor (business floor), I would recommend requesting this or pay a few bucks extra to stay up there. Our room had great views of the city and although there was significant street noise (typical for a busy, tourist ridden city) the room was very comfortable. King size bed, tons of pillows labled with firm, medium, soft, two chairs, desk and nice big bathroom. The hotel is located wonderfully to get to the Wharf, North Beach, China Town etc. Would recommend a stay here if you are content on staying in the Wharf, you can't beat the price or the service.	
Mar 27 2007	Good price for the wharf	Visitng SF with my parents from NY &amp; the holiday inn was very accomodating. They upgraded both rooms from 2 beds to 1 king bed on the 5th floor (business floor). Very clean and the shower was hot &amp; powerful. The bed was comfy which was surprising ( I usually don't get a goodnight sleep at hotels). Our 2 night stay was enjoyabel. Great location for runners, from the hotel can run towards Fort Mason and get a nice view of the Golden Gate Bridge. I would stay there again when visiting.	
Mar 16 2007 	Disappointing for a Holiday Inn	We probably made a mistake at check in. We had booked a non smoking room. We were given a choice – a non smoking room in a separate Annex block, or an upgrade room in the hotel itself – albeit a smoking room. After an 11 hour flight and no sleep for nearly 24 hours I cannot always think too clearly; I picked the upgrade. The word ‘Annex’ conveys the impression of something tacked on and ‘upgrade’ of unexpected benefits and luxury. When we got to the room, I couldn’t help but think “if this is the upgrade, then I wonder what the standard rooms are like”. I wouldn’t go as far as to say it was awful, but it was certainly very tired and in desperate need of refurbishment. It also had a hint of that nasty odour caused by stale cigarette smoke which I suppose was not unexpected. In short, it was disappointing. If it wasn’t for the fact we were cross eyed with tiredness coupled with the knowledge we were only there for one night, I would probably have requested a different room. On the cleanliness front, I would describe it as reasonably clean but not spotlessly clean. With regard to the heating/air conditioning arrangements, there did not seem to be much variance between hot and cold on the rather ancient unit. Fortunately, neither was really necessary; we had excellent weather for January. On the positive side, there was complimentary internet access on the floor (part of the ‘upgrade’ package), as well as a decent sized fridge in the room. We found the staff to be helpful and pleasant, particularly the concierge. We didn’t eat in the hotel; breakfast seemed expensive for what it was, but there were a number of places just a few minutes walk away from the hotel that did breakfasts for just a few dollars. For dinner, I had done a little bit of research before we arrived. Seemed to me that while there were indeed loads of restaurants in the vicinity, none seemed to stand out as being particularly remarkable. So we picked out one in the Russian Hill district called Antica Trattoria on Polk Street (at Union). It is a ‘neighbourhood’ restaurant (ie frequented by locals) – always a good sign in my experience. It was excellent (you can look it up by tapping the name into Google). About a 10-12 minute walk from the hotel, up a steep hill – but it’s downhill on the way back! Cost us approx £30 a head with all drinks including a very pleasant bottle of Napa Valley Pinot Noir – a good meal for a fair price. After we got back to the hotel, we had a quick night cap in the bar. We found the barman to be helpful and knowledgeable.Noting some of the previous comments over the ‘tackiness’ of the area – it certainly was in places. It would be unfair to label the whole area in that way though. ‘Touristy’ it certainly is – and we knew that when we booked. Overall though we found the area to be quite pleasant with a relaxed atmosphere; the nearby Cannery certainly falls into that category. From that perspective, the hotel is very well located. I would only stay at this hotel again if I knew that the rooms had been refurbished. As it was, it was singularly unremarkable.	
Mar 6 2007	Good value for money	We booked an all in flight/hotel deal which was very cheap, being off season. Stayed in 2nd building but had large room with two queen sized beds and was quiet. There was a laundry room in our building and a business centre with internet access in main building which was very useful for checking in for return flight. Reception was helpful but could have done with more staff as often queues. Concierge very friendly and helpful for booking tours. Location was good, historic street car F just around block which takes you to Union Square. As seniors the transport cost us just 50 cents with transfers, amazing value. Some of restaurants on Fisherman`s Wharf seemed a bit tacky, recommend McCormick and Kuleto`s. Excellent sea food with wonderful views.	
Feb 28 2007	Overpriced and unprepared. Not what they advertised.	First off, this place is in two different buildings. I booked my stay here for a conference being held in the main building. I was told the following: there is in-room wireless internet, and a workout room. When I checked in, I was placed in the other building which has no internet, wireless or otherwise, in the rooms. On the top of the 5th floor of the main buildng is a &quot;business center&quot; consisting of three computers. You must use your room card to get to the the 5th floor. I was also informed the workout facility was closed for repairs. The entire week, my room went from freezing to way too hot; no happy medium with the air conditioning. There is also no airport shuttle. The entire Fisherman's Wharf area is way overhyped and overpriced; I just had lunch of cup of soup and chicken Caesar for 24 bucks plus tip. The rest of the area consist of a few chain restaurants (In and Out Burger) and private places where you roll the dice: sometimes good, sometimes not. I paid 140 for a government rate and it was way too high for what I got in return.	
Feb 22 2007 	Ants in your pants ... yes likely!	Has been a while since we stayed at the Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf but felt that as I am now an avid user of tripadvisor I must warn you about this hotel. The area to us seemed fine during the day but at night it felt a bit seedy and we were warned not to stray too far from the hotel vicinity. The first contact with locals was to hear a young male shouting &quot;I'll pop a cap in your ---&quot; to another local, not very reassuring! The restaurants were nice if you like seafood and there is a lovely italian about 5 minutes walk into Little Italy. There is a Hard Rock Cafe at the wharf but once you've been to one...... The hotel itself needed a good scrub as for the room it looked fine at first but upon closer inspection there were ANTS running around the dresser YUCK! We were moved to another room but the same problem followed. Luckily we were only there for 2 nights anymore would have been hazardous.	
Jan 18 2007	Business floor....even better	I've reviewed this hotel 2 other times and I must admit, each time I stay there is better than the last. My boyfriend and I stayed the weekend after New Years and hoped to get the same room we had had in the second building the last time we visited. BUT we were bumped up to the business floor free of charge (must have been a slow weekend) and wow...Just having a microwave and fridge was great, but the free computer/internet service and printing was above and beyond what I expected.The only downside (and it is a small one) is that I found there to be too many youngsters (aged in the teens) on the floor. But I didn't dislike it enough to have that hinder my overall enjoyment.When I next visit San Francisco, I will pay the extra twenty dollars a night to repeat the great experience.	
Jan 11 2007 	Good Experience	I stayed with my boyfriend for a vacation. We asked for early check-in and were accomodated. The front desk service was very helpful. The only thing that we disliked was the parking which was $32/day but the garage was safe, brightly lit, and under the hotel which was convenient. When we got there we were bumped up to the business floor with no extra charge much to our surprise. We never saw the regular floor so we can't compare. We had a good experience and would stay again.	
Dec 28 2006 	avoid	Having just read some of the reviews about this hotel I felt I should tell others about our experiences. We stayed in this hotel last year and Id just like to say I totally agree with all those who rated it 1 or 2 star. Im a priority club gold member and stay in Holiday Inn's quite a lot but if this had been my first time it would have been the last. My overriding memory is being told at 3.45 pm when my family and I tried to check in is that the room wasn't ready and would we like to go for a walk for an hour !!! That was the response from the reception desk. Honest. There are nowhere near enough staff there. We did complain on the second day and were given a free breakfast ( ok but it was EXTREMELY pricey if your paying ) The other thing to mention is the &quot;Swimming Pool&quot; Not really anything to say about this except it isnt what you'd expect. One to be avoided.	
Dec 26 2006	I Loved It!!!	What a great experience!!! This hotel was very clean, the staff was very polite, my room was HUGE and it's within walking distance to EVERYTHING!!! There's great pizza, shopping, bars, restaurants and tourist attractions within 5 blocks in every direction of this hotel -I cannot stress enough how great this hotel was!!! Plus, a major bus line which runs to the Civic Center and Haight-Ashbury and the Marina stops directly across the street, and Ghirardelli Square, Pier 39 and the sea lions are only a couple of blocks away!	
Dec 6 2006 	Distinctly average	OK, so we came here after a stay in Vegas (Venetian) and Hawaii (Hilton) which are very nice hotels - we weren't expecting top class service being a HI but we expected more. When we checked in, they could barely be bothered and gave us a tired looking twin. No help was offered with our 3 large suitcases. I went back downstairs to ask for a king room and they upgraded us to the 5th which was marginally better (never used the microwave) but we weren't told we had to use the room key to get on the 5th floor . We liked the internet access. The rooms were clean and functional. We went downstairs to get a drink and something to eat (about 9.45) - the restaurant was closed (it was supposed to close at 10) so we asked the bartender for a bar menu. He gestured towards the drink menu and we had to repeat our request. He virtually tutted and got a grubby sheet of A4 paper out with about 4 or 5 things on it (calamari, fries, a sandwich - not an inspiring choice). We'd been travelling for hours so we ordered some food and a couple of beers. After another beer, we ordered a Baileys - he asked how we liked it and I told him 'on the rocks' - he then had the nerve to tell me off that 'over here you have to tell us how you want it'. As someone who has travelled extensively in the US (and have never had any problems anywhere else!!) I found him patronising and rude to us (particularly when some other guests came in, we could barely get him to serve us - despite our legendary British politeness!). When we were due to leave, we asked the concierge to book us an airport shuttle - he told us that we could pay later. Thinking he'd booked it, we went for breakfast and checked out. He then told us he hadn't booked it for us and the next one wasn't for 30m mins (luckily we had plenty of time) but it was the attitude that was appalling. I wished I'd stuck to my guns and not let our travel agent talk us out of the Westin now - I was ready to pack my things and pay extra to stay there insteadRecommendations  - the Buena Vista for breakfast and great views of the bay- book Alcatraz in the UK on the internet- go and see the sealions on Pier 39- stay up at Union and not at Fisherman's Wharf- take a coat (we had to buy one)- don't go in November - go to the Stinking Rose - fabulous meal	
Dec 1 2006 	fantastic hotel	Arrived in San Fran what a city i would definately go back after the experience we had.Got to the hotel and its huge there are 2 buildings that make up the holiday Inn we were staying at the 2nd building which was on the other side of the street. We arrived early around 1 pm so that was the only room that was ready.The staff there are so friendly and polite and they told us the business centre was at the main building with internet access which was a bonus as we wanted to email family and friends that we were fine.The rooms were big 2 double beds and a nice big bathroom which women always need :) We were just one block from Fisherman's Wharf where all the entertaining and fantastic restaurants are. The hotel had everything you could want. Starbucks is one of the cafes there at the hotel which was handy for our caffeine intake for the days we were there. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.The hotel wasn't expensive like the Sheraton or Marriott across the street from us.	
Nov 30 2006 	Great Hotel	When I first arrived I thought our holiday was going 'pete tong' as our reservation we had made with Virgin Holidays was not there. After ages of looking and trying 3 different other room types we got upgraged to the Business Rooms on the top floor (needed to use room key card to access the floor), Result! The Business Floor gives you free unlimited access to the Internet and very spacious rooms in the main building. Free fridge and In room safe. The Hotel is only 5 min walk brings you to the heart of Fishermans Warf and within walking distance of the other piers. China Town and Lombard Street (crookedy street) is up hill so suggest using the trams or taxi.The only rude people were the bar staff, but at least there was free nibbles (srimp/calamari) to enjoy while you had a relaxing drink. The Hotel has a Denny Restaurant inside the second building. Overall this hotel was clean well, looked after and would definately stay here again.	
Nov 22 2006 	This is one of my favourite hotels	This was the second time we stayed at this hotelThe location is second to none-so much to do and see the moment you step out of the door.The rooms are a good size and very comfortable,the staff are very helpful and friendly.I would reccomend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 19 2006 	Great HOtel	Stayed here 2 years ago so knew what to expect, but had a problem when we checked in. We specifically asked for nonsmoking room in the reservation, again at the desk and were assured that it was. We were put over into the annexe, ok, was not sure about this but went along with it, just had an 11 hour flight with a 2hour delay and just wanted a bed. The room allocated was a smoking room!!!!! Phoned the front desk and were informed we would have to go to the main front desk over the road as they were closing. We traipsed over the road again. This time we were given a non smoking room in the main hotel - guess what there was someone else already in that room. By now my Husband was seething. We went down to the desk again and another chap helped out and was most apologetic said this was not normal for their hotel - they were fully booked though and that was probably why we were put in a smoking room. Not my problem - I had this booked for months. He agreed and put us on the Business Class Floor. Could not complain any more after that the room was fantastic and the hotel is so close to everything. The coffee in the room is so disgusting don't bother making it. Tried a couple of times to get coffee from the lobby but there was neveranyone there and found it quicker to go to Starbucks by Walgreens just around the corner. If you are staying here go to Lou's Blues down on the front. Fantastic..	
Oct 31 2006 	Nice hotel Good Location	We stayed here in September for the first 3 nights of our fly drive holiday. We were put in the annexe which was no problem at all. Check in was quick and we were advised to take the car over the annexe car park to see if there were any spaces there. Unfortunately it is very small and there were non available but we did unload the luggage and I waited with it while hubby went back to the main car park, easier than dragging through the street. We were lucky enough to get a space though the next day so convenient for when we were leaving.Good size room, as are all american hotel rooms, nice bathroom and everything was clean. We were on the top floor overlooking the inside of the hotel, so no view but also didn't experience any noise which others have mentioned.Yes the area is touristy but it is close to the cable car turnarounds, plenty of bus tours to be found nearby and close to the ferry termimal for alcatraz, so convenient for everything.There is a Walgreens just over the road of any bits and pieces you need and plenty of restuarants around.	
Oct 28 2006 	great hotel for the price	After reading several other reviews, we were hesitant to stay here. But I must say that when we arrived they greeted us and check in was a breeze and she told us that if we needed anything at to please phone, they would be happy to assist us. The rooms were clean and we stayed there for 4 nights. The location is great, just a few minutes from the center of the wharf and down further was Hyde Park. For the price of each night and it being a Hoilday Inn, I did not expect anymore. When we return, we would stay here again.	
Oct 17 2006 	Good accomadations at a Descent location	We stayed Oct 11 to the 14th. Got a great deal from Priceline and I wouldn't bay over $110 for this hotel room. We payed much less than this though...The Holiday Inn Fisherman's Warf is a 3.5 star hotel in my opinion. We stayed three nights in one of the adjacent buildings right above the Denny's. The room was well kept, new looking, and the housekeeping was the friendliest. The bed was very comfy and the bathroom was clean and looked new. The carpet and all the room decor was excellent.The bad thing about this hotel is the parking cost. $35 a night is way too much. You would think they would charge $20 a night, which I think is reasonable. I suggest parking in the streets nearby or in the other parking lots. The other perk of this hotel is that it is 5 min walk to Pier 39 and 1 min away from Fisherman's Warf. The other advantage is that the bus and F-line (which takes you into Union square) is right outside. great location.Other hints:1. Do not eat in the Denny's. It is so so expensive. Walk down the street to the IHOP for half the price and better quality and quantity. 2. Walk over to Lombard street (crooked street). Great to see.3. Ask hotel concierge for assistance. They are great.4. Hotel lobby is not impressive and breakfast buffet didn't look worth it. Best to eat at IHOP!5. Don't take the cabs into Union square. Take the BUS (30). It gets you there in 10-15 mins. Also you can take the trolley car which is only a block away on HYDE. Both my wife and I enjoyed our stay here and we would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 17 2006 	3rd Stay's not the charm!	We had stayed here 3 times before and decided to stay here again as the location was fantastic and we had good experiences with the hotel.This stay was not to be as enjoyable as previous stays! We booked this stay some time ago with Virgin Holidays and were relay excited to be back in San Francisco again!On arriving we checked in. The Holiday Inn is spread across 2buildings, a block apart. A main building and their 2nd building onBeach Street. We were checked into a double room in the other building.We asked if we could stay in the main building and said that we wouldprefer a King Size bed as we were on an anniversary trip. The manager advised us that this was not possible but the room he had allocated us was a lovely room and we should not be disappointed. He said that all their Virgin Holidays customers were always put up in the 2nd building (which was strange as we had always booked with Virgin and had always stayed in the main building!). He advised that we would need to go to the other building and showed us on a map where it was and where the room was.There was no offer of a bell, and the bell men merely just watched us as we dragged our 2 oversized cases, cabin luggage and rucksack across the 1 block hike to the other hotel.We arrived at our room and opened our curtains to find that we werelooking out at a brick wall and we were above the dumpsters and service entry. We were so angry at this having been told that our room would be 'lovely' we went straight downstairs to talk to someone at reception.The reception in the second building was closed (this was approx 3pm ~ normal check in time) and there was no concierge on duty either. We had to walk over to the main building to actually speak with someone!We got to the main building and spoke with another desk staff employee.We advised them of how dissatisfied we were with our room and that wewanted to change. He advised that he would not be able to change us as there were no rooms available as yet. We asked if any were likely to come available and he was unable to answer as they were unable to view all the rooms! After a few moments he said he had located one in the main building and it was a much better room. He said we would need to move from the other building. Again no offer of a bell or even when we walked past the bell (Bear in mind they were VERY busy in conversation with each other!).So we returned to the 2nd building and got all our luggage together and dragged it all back to the Main building and found our new room. Our new dark room! We were looking straight out at a brick wall and still no king size bed as requested!Back to the reception desk again where we spoke with the most venomous woman I have had the displeasure of dealing with! We explained that we were unhappy with the rooms we had been given and wanted a new room. To this we were patronised and spoken down to. She said that we should never have been moved to the main building as it was not policy to have Virgin holiday customers in the main building ~ they are all put up in the 2nd building. We explained that we did not want to stay in the 2nd building and would prefer the main building. We also explained that we had previously booked with Virgin and had always stayed in the main building. This woman then made out that we were lying and said there was nothing much that she could do. Bear in mind that while all this is going on she is wearing a badge that says 'It's all about YOU'!! What a joke.After some time she starts looking at rooms muttering 'If you weren'thappy with that then you won't be happy with this one'. In less that 10 minutes this woman had gotten to know us so well that she knew what me and my husband would like! She tried to move us back to our original room (the one overlooking the dumpster) to which we refused and she finally found us a room in the main building. Again we had to move your own luggage to a room that was one floor higher than our previous room and overlooked the same brick wall!At this point we were exhausted from our transatlantic flight and theluggage moving we had been doing! We decided to settle as it appeared that Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf was no longer 'All About YOU!'After the worst night sleep ever (the room was over the garbage andservice entry on the main building) we decided to try the reception desk one last try to see if any rooms had become vacant during the morning.We spoke to a FANTASTIC lady (Remi) who was very sympathetic to ourneeds and searched out a room for us. She found one which was stillbeing cleaned but put a rush on it for us. Everything that the previous days staff said wasn't possible was suddenly very possible! We were in our new room within the hour! Remi also offered to have our luggage moved for us ~ something that we hadn't been offered before either!Our new room was great ~ Remi had upgraded us to the 5th floor (the only real difference in the actual room is you get a microwave). But we were high enough up not to hear any of the service lorry noises and we actually had a view of the city!We went along to our 'Virgin holidays Rep' meeting and spoke with other holiday travellers there. And what a surprise, most of these were in the main building. So this so called policy of putting Virgin Customers in the 2nd building seems a bit suspect to me.Our stay was fantastic after Remi sorted things out for us. We nearly cancelled our stay and moved across the street due to the previous nights farce at reception!If you are a Virgin Holidays customer, and are staying for 4nights ormore, make sure you attend the welcome meeting and get your FREE BayCruise (worth $21 dollars each). The Virgin rep does not like to give these out unless he is pressed!Would I stay here again - No! One bad experience at check in has ruined 5 years good work by this hotel!	
Oct 15 2006 	Tourist conveyor belt in awful location	This hotel is probably one of the worst we have ever stayed in. When checking in the receptionist probably wouldn't have even noticed if our heads were on upside down. We were not told where the room was, never mind about any of the amenities or breakfast times etc. Our room was cold, dark and overlooked a blank blue wall. In the morning we discovered that we were situated next to the hotel loading area and the noise from the trucks reversing was horrendous. We asked to change rooms, which was an incovenience not just for us, but by the response from the staff was also and inconvenience for them as well. We were offered an upgrade to a business room at an additional charge of $40 per night but the room was the same apart from the fact it had a microwave oven (??) so we declined. In the end we were offered a room overlooking the street and pool area which at least made the room brighter and appear warmer. The rooms were clean, and functional but nothing special. A bit dated and drab but I suppose it was just a 'base' at the end of the day. Don't be expecting anything luxurious, this hotel is just functional and sees tourists come and go like a conveyor belt. Fishermans Wharf was not our cup of tea, but everybody likes different things. We found it very tacky (Blackpool), lots of gift shops selling junk, arcades and the usual attractions as seen in Blackpool - Ripleys Belive It Or Not &amp; the obligatory wax museum etc. Restaurants sell lots of seafood, clam chowder is inescapable. Great bakery (Boudin sourdough) worth a visit and the seals on Pier 39 are great. Lots of homeless people and gangs of lads on the corner make it feel a little unsafe, especially at night. The best places to hang out at the Wharf were Ghiradelli Square and the Cannery - more sophisticated. The Mandarin chinese restaurant at Ghiradelli is EXCELLENT. Also recommend a visit to North Beach area as well with some good italian eateries. Union Square has LOTS of homeless. We have never experienced it on such a scale before. It is very sad seeing all these poor people in a country so full of obvious wealth, you really had to have your witts about you as sometimes it can be a bit scary. Also recommended HIGHLY is trip to Alcatraz. TIP - Take plenty of fly spray - the island is infested with the little beggars. We had a nice time but will not ever be returning to the Holiday Inn.	
Oct 7 2006 	Good location	A very good location if you want to stroll around the Wharf and area. A bus stop opposite the hotel will take you through the Italian district, china town and union square. After reading reviews we decided to e-mail the hotel direct a week before we went to request we stayed in the main building on Columbus Ave, this was honoured and im glad we did this. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The hotel restaurant not worth the money just go down the road to the Italian, Cioppinos's, the conceirge did not recommend this restaurant but we ate there twice, very good. The lady serving at the bar in the hotel was pleasent and I heard her often helping tourists with were to go and what to see. Alcatraz is a must to see and also to go and eat in china town.	
Oct 5 2006 	Hated The Location	We stayed at 3 hotels in San Fran, here at Fisherman's Wharf, one on Sutter St near Union Square and one on Van Ness.This wasn't the worse, that would the be The Cathedral on Van Ness.But Fishermans Wharf is tacky. We caught a cab everyday over to Union Square to get away from the tourists, the ugly shops and expensive but rubbish Italian restaurants. The hotel itself was OK. Not worth the $244 a night though.The first night we were put in the room directly above the loading bay. I think it's room 186? If your room backs onto Beach St I would advise checking. And Beach St seems to be the venue to drag races on weekend nights so you'll be lucky to get sleep anyway.I would advise staying at Hotel Carlton on Sutter St.	
Sep 26 2006 	LOVED EVERYTHING	Loved everything about SF, including the hotel - maybe it was a little pricey, but you are paying for the location and the &quot;brand&quot; - we thought the location was fantastic, and the hotel really clean - no problems -it was a little noisy in the hotel room at night, but most cities are noisy, so we had earplugs and had no problems. We never ate in the hotel, as there were a million places to go, almost on the doorstep. We particularyl liked Fiddlers Green and Tiernans pubs - both had live music on every night and had a really nice atmosphere. - yes there are beggars, but its a big city, and all cities have them - we never felt threatened and felt really safe walking round any time day or night. As for those who say Fishermans Wharf is a tourist trap, well, maybe, but I am a tourist &amp; loved it !! Had a beautiful meal at McCormick &amp; Kuleto in Ghiradhelli Square, and another great one at Cioppinos on Jefferson - walked over the bridge, did Alcatraz, Muir Woods, went up the glass elevator in the westin st francis (great views of Union Sq) ; LOVED everything - we are already making plans to return. - I really did leave my heart in San Francisco !!	
Sep 21 2006 	Bring your ear-plugs	Typical American hotel: clean but well worn.Area very tacky, Blackpool in a warm climate with a liberal dosing of beggars !Not the sort of area where you would wander the streets after dark.The room we stayed in was very noisey. You could hear people talking on the street outside. You could hear every car that passed.The 'choice' of food was non-existent. Very poor.Won't be going back.	
Sep 18 2006	Great Hotel and Location	Stayed in this hotel for a couple of nights from 04 September - although this is a standard holiday inn - the room was great, location is great and the staff were great -Would recommend this hotel to anyone who is staying in San Fran.	
Sep 6 2006 	Great Location 	Spent 4 nights here over labor day weekend. Check in went smoothly - we beat the bus load off our flight as we hired a car. Room fine - in second block across the street where the seem to stick the Brits - not entirely happy abput having to lug all our luggage around the street - glad it didn't rain. Room had 2 double beds, tv, phone , safe etc - normal for this class of hotel. We did get some noise from the street early in the day so ear plugs may be useful. Loads of (touristy) shops and resturants nearby and 10 mins walk from Pier 39 - nice place to while away an hour of so in the eveinng. Ate in the hotels Denny's once - food as per norm but twice the price - try Blue Mermaid at the Cannery or Boudin - the bakery. Oir favorite part of the trip was the Segway tour we took - we had a brilliant time - they are a small company based near the Cannery. If I was comming to SF again I would stay here again - cannot beat location..	
Aug 26 2006 	Close to Fishermans Wharf	We stayed here for the last two nights of our road trip around California, Our hotel room wasn't in the main block but in another block across the road from the reception - trying to park the car was even better in the tight car park they had under the hotel.We had some walk with our cases to get there and felt a bit uneasy as it was right opposite Fishermans Wharf.Fishermans Wharf is fine except for the touts on the streets spoil it - be warned they do hound you as we found on our first trip out and ended up $15 down. We didn't find the staff very friendly either, especially as Virgin give you a free voucher for a drink &amp; cookie but we felt as though we were asking for the world the way the staff looked at us - and they didn't have any cookies left!The rooms were fine nothing special and if I had known I would have chosen a better hotel.Be warned if you want to go and visit Alkatraz get your tickets well in advance as we spent a whole day queuing to get them and its a long day...and only just managed it in the end.The trams are great and only round the corner, they take you right into town. We got to see most sights on the tram which was cool.The golden gate bridge was quite a drive out but well worth it.Also the block we were in had a virgin office next to it which we thought woud be helpful - NOT!!! they just weren't interested (a complete waste of time I don't know why they are there???)	
Aug 24 2006 	OK but didn't like the area	Stayed 3 nights here in a room in the Beach St site. A few blocks down to Ghiradelli Square, a block down to the main street fronting the wharf and Pier 39 an easy stroll of around 15-20 mins. We had requested a room with 2 doubles, and on checking in requested a rollaway be put in the room. By the time we had crossed the street from reception, the boy from housekeeping was waiting at the door with the rollaway. Unfortunately, when we entered the room, water was coming through the ceiling, so we had to cross back over to reception to request a room change. This was done efficiently and promptly. It was a bit of a squeeze with the rollaway, but with only being there 3 nights, it wasn't a problem.. Two of our party wanted to go to see the 49's football game, and the concierge, Ryan, could not do enough to help sort out tickets, and advice with transport.Overall, handy location for the Wharf, cable cars &amp; trolleys. Hertz, Avis rentals, one minute walk . Clean rooms, comfortable beds, staff we came into contact with, all polite &amp; professional. All in all, hotel was o.k, but would not stay here again as we disliked the Wharf area.If you are thinking of riding a bike over the Bridge, be careful if you are not a keen cyclist. The info leaflet said there was one small incline. From Fort Mason you have to climb a double incline, very steep ( everyone we saw were pushing their bikes up) without a cycle path - you share the road with the traffic. I am not saying this to put anyone off, just to let people be aware before they book. We made it ,and bought the t-shirt!	
Aug 19 2006 	Not too bad	We stayed here over a weekend in August 06. Location is fantastic, and parking was easy. Our room was furnished quite nicely. It's typical HI fare. For better rates, travel during off-season.	
Aug 4 2006 	Honeymoon	We stayed at the Holiday Inn, Fishermans Wharf on the second week of our honeymoon - first week of July '06. We had spent the first week in Las Vegas in heat of 108 degrees! Although we had been warned it would be cooler in SF, the jackets we had with us were not enough, so had to buy jackets from stall across the road straight away! We had luckily booked our Alcatraz tour tickets on the Internet in the UK because they were fully booked for the next three days! Book before you leave UK! The Holiday Inn was fine. Nothing to shout about, but perfectly adequate for our needs. We stayed in the room one night and had room service and the meal was lovely. We did notice that the staff at check in were a bit slow..... Didnt use Dennys downstairs at all. Went out for breakfast - our favourite was Johny Rocket's. &quot;Happy Days&quot; style diner, complete with jukeboxes on the tables. Also had very good breakfasts at restaurant across the street from the main building on Columbus. Ate loads of seafood - Crab House on Pier 39 was good on our last night, if a little bit expensive - although we did have champagne! The Stinking Rose restaurant was excellent - even if we did reek of garlic for the next two days! The Comedy club at the Cannery was good fun. Caught ferry over to Sausalito on last day - foggy and cold in SF but sunny and hot over there - great place for shopping ladies! Yes, Fishermans Wharf is a bit tacky, but can also be amusing (look out for the &quot;Bush Man&quot;) and the Holiday Inn is well positioned for the F line MUNI trolley bus and the cable cars. Make sure you get a City Pass - excellent value for buses, trolleys and cable cars for 7 days. Had a lovely time - thanks SF!	
Aug 2 2006	Fab Location	We stayed here for 4 nights. What a fantastic location, couldn't ask for any better. 1 minute walk takes you straight to all the shops, restaurants, trolly service, and harbour. The hotel was lovely, clean, modern, and all neccessary amenities. One tip, don't bother eating breakfast at the hotel, there are plenty of cafes for a good morning breakfast. My favourite head down to IHOP! (Look up address in yellow pages in the hotel room)Will definately be going back to the Holiday Inn at Fishermans Wharf!	
Jul 20 2006	Loved the Holiday Inn at The Wharf	The full service Holiday Inn at the Wharf is an excellent location for tourists visiting the San Fransisco area. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and we paid only 99.00 a night, won through Priceline.There are two separate buildings for this hotel, the main building, and one on Beech Street. We stayed in the Beech Street location, and I was glad we did. There is parking right outside the entrance to the building, rather than in the underground lot., and it is a block closer to the Wharf. Beech Street was great!! We walked all over town, and enjoyed our time in SF! Don't hesitate to stay at the Holiday Inn at the Wharf.	
Jul 8 2006	great location	We (2 adults, 2 children ages 10y, 15y) stayed for 4 nights on the 5th floor. We had to use our key card in a special slot on the elevator in order to get to this floor. There were 2 computers and printers on the floor (also on other floors) with free internet access. ROOM: 2 double beds; mattresses a little too soft (perhaps old?) and our backs were sore in the AM. There was a TV, microwsave and refrigerator. Roomy, clean and comfortable. The view: looking at the beautiful houses on the hill and overlooking the pool. Highly recommend getting a room on this side of the hotel (North Pointe St.) instead of asking for Bay view-you can't really see too much bay and mostly buildings. Bathroom: clean, ok size. We were able to park our car in the underground garage and gain access to it at any time. The best part: when we checked out, we could still keep our car in the garage until 6pm. We are an active family who walks everywhere in SF 95% of the time and enjoyed being so close to the wharf, Nob Hill, China Town, North Beach (great Itlalian cafes), the churches, Coit Tower, and the Embarcadero. Watched firewords at the beach and it was nice to be able to walk a short distance back to our room. Everyone was very pleasant and had a quick ck-in and ck-out. There's an ok restaurant downstairs, but service is questionable-saw our waitress once when ordering and then sat around waiting for the ck after we finished. Recommend Pergarino's across the street. Cable cars are close by. The only drawback was in the early AM hrs, we could clearly hear the delivery trucks, garbage trucks, etc. Good part: did not hear any neighbors at any time. Pool: on the cool side. Overall, I would recommend this hotel. Good for the price and yes, we would return.	
Jul 6 2006	Will Stay Again	My brother made reservations for my mother, him and me for 3 nights. The reservations agent was right when he said it was not a 'view hotel,' but we weren't there to stay in our room. With a couple of exceptions, the staff was helpful and courteous. We didn't get the right information from any of the 3 concierges we asked at different times of our stay. We went into the bar one afternoon before heading out to dinner. There was no wait staff and the bartender made no effort to provide service. With those exceptions, our stay was very nice. The room and beds were comfortable, and the location of the hotel is probably it's best point. It's not a luxury hotel, but then, we weren't expecting one... it's a Holiday Inn!	
Jul 1 2006	Great choice in the Fisherman's Wharf area!	Note: Previous reviewer is confused about which property he stayed in. Don't confuse this with the Holiday Inn Express across the street (as he did). I've stayed at both hotels and this was was better. This is not inexpensive as one might expect from H.I. Two days stay with breakfast and parking came to $499.00. So you really have to take those 2 things into account. (Of course we chose to eat conveniently at our hotel - we could have gone 2 blks to Starbucks and paid a bit less). The front desk staff here is excellent - as good as any 4 star hotel that I've stayed in (particularly Robert - what a pro!). They were so accomadating and professional with every request. The room was spacious, modern and clean with an amazing view of Alcatraz! We were offered a roll away for our little one at no additional charge. The location is awesome - close to every single thing and just a cable car ride away from anything else. The pool is quite nice. Parking is expensive, but so easy.In short --- loved this hotel and would stay again for sure!	
Jun 28 2006	Comfortable Hotel	Hotel was located close to Fisherman's Wharf and the Cable Cars.We had a really nice stay at the hotel. If you join the Priority Club, you get some nice privileges - just go to the Holiday Inn website and sign up.There was a Walgreen's close by which was really convenient - there was a Starbucks nearby also where you can sit and watch the streetcars come in. It was fun to watch them turn the corner and park.We were surprised that Fisherman's Wharf shuts down pretty early. No problem - we were tired from walking up and down the hilley streets. Cable Cars are a fun way to get around town. We bought the CityPass which was a good deal. It has a 7 day Muni Pass which gives unlimited rides on Cable Cars, Buses, and Street Cars. There are restaurants near the Holiday Inn. There's a good pizza place across the Street. Pier 39 is also close by. Fisherman's Wharf has the Rain Forrest Cafe and Boudin. We decided to go to Chinatown for many of our meals. Great Eastern restaurant on Jackson Street was excellent. Holiday Inn was very comfortable. It was clean and the staff were friendly. You can buy Mrs Fields cookies in the lobby after 5pm.	
Jun 25 2006	Awful - don't stay here!	Two things: firstly, Fisherman's Wharf is a really bad location to stay in, in San Francisco - none of the best restaurants are in the immediate area, and Fisherman's Wharf itself is a tacky tourist trap (even San Fran residents are embarassed about it). Secondly, if you must stay here, the Holiday Inn is dire and should be avoided. On arrival, we were given a room in the &quot;beach&quot; block (which is a 5 minute walk from reception and nowhere near the waterfront!). The room was already occupied and someone's clothes were sill in the room. On our second attempt, the room we were given was dark, gloomy, a little shabby and overlooked the carpark - albeit it had a large TV and clean bathroom. The swimming pool is small and next to the main road - not worth booking the hotel for this &quot;perk&quot;. When we checked out, it took a twenty minute wait as the reception staff were clearly overworked and underpaid.Food: the main eating place in the Holiday Inn is a Denny's - a real crime to eat in this chain when there are so many excellent one-off places throughout the city (e.g. Mama's near Washington Square for brunch, Tomasso's in the North Beach for dinner). There was nothing more depressing than walking past a load of overweight people shovelling processed meat into their mouths every morning. I guess they couldn't be bothered to walk to the better places, as there are none in the immediate area.In terms of location, the Holiday Inn is convenient for the boats to Alcatraz - but that's about it. You are better off staying in the Nob Hill/Russian Hill area which is much closer to good restaurants, the Haight, Castro, Union Square, Golden Gate Park, the Ferry Building etc. We also stayed in the Carlton Hotel during our vacation, and this was excellent value - nicely decorated room, friendly and efficient staff, convenient location - and most importantly - no Denny's!	
Jun 23 2006	Tip Top Accomodation	Stayed here mid June and couldn't have been happier- room great - service great - location great The only niggle was the breakfast - best for breakfast rate wasn't explained properly and our waiter really hassled us for a tip after we had only been sat down for about 10 minutes . Kids also don't really eat for free apparently - they are only allowed 1 item for breakfast - anything else will be charged for!!!! This was resolved but is worth mentioning	
Jun 9 2006	Good location/DIRTY Room	NOT TO BE CONFUSED WITH HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS ACROSS THE STREETSo it's in a good local, the price was right but they don't know how to clean a room. Carpeted floor had trash still on it and bathroom floor (well let's just say we knew they didn't clean it)! It didn't get any better on the second day either.Convenient location - 1 block from Fisherman's Wharf, about 3 blocks from Cable Cars and 4 blocks from Ghiradelli.Parking fees added for hotel guests added to your room charge. Though you can leave your car in the garage or lot up to 6 p.m. of the following day. Our check-in girl was new and English was very difficult for her. But she tried hard and was really friendly. Room was on the third floor (310) definitely away from the traffic in the back of the property.We did have time to stop by the bar for a drink prior to dinner. The bartender was outgoing, friendly and very helpful on restaurant suggestions and directions.Really nothing more to say other than EEWWW on cleanliness -- it was definitely a substandard Holiday Inn.	
May 15 2006	Loved The Holiday Inn at Fishermans Wharf	We stayed at The Holiday Inn at Fishermans Wharf for 3 nights at the end of April 2006. This was our first stop on our tour of California. We had flown all the way over from the UK and was absolutely exhausted when we arrived. We were greated by a friendly Bell Boy once entering the main reception and were checked in by a helpful and friendly receptionist. We were told that we were in the Annex building on Beach Street which is just opposite. (It would appear that the Brits package holidaymakers are put in the annex building - we booked through Virgin). The building hads a 24 hr Dennys restaurant on the ground floor and it also has a reception area, however it wasn't always manned when we were there. The Denny's restaurant is really handy, and the staff very polite and courteous. It was a little more expensive than the other Denny's restaurants that we have used, but the food and service was excellent. Our hotel room was in very good/ clean order and it would appear that it was newly refurbished. The carpet was like new and the general decor in very good order. There is a in room safe, iron and Ironing board and tea making facilities provided in the room. In the main building, there is a little gift shop, coffee bar, restaurant and bar. It is also very well located to Pier 39, and the restaurants and shops etc locally. This is a all round excellent hotel, and would definately stay here again.	
May 3 2006	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed here for two nights in April as the first part of our 'king of the road' tour. The service at check in was fantastic, thanks to Henri for all the advice and for upgrading our room. We were on the fifth floor overlooking the pool. Room was fine, one King Bed, clean with standard facilities. Great location for fishermans wharf, boats to Alcatraz and cable cars to Union Sq. Only gripe was the bar lady who had an attitude both nights we went to the bar but we just laughed it off. Everyone else very friendly and overall a good introduction to San Fran.	
Apr 25 2006	Great Location	We stayed for 3 nights as part of a 2 week holiday in America to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary. After staying in other hotels during our holiday the Holiday Inn provided better in room facilities than the Hyatt in Hawaii, Millenium Biltmore in LA or our theme hotel in Las Vegas. We also had a free upgrade to a room with a king size bed. Our view from the room was poor however we weren't there to spend time in the room. The hotel is located just 10 mins from Pier 39 ( loads of eating places and shops ), 5 mins from the cable car turnaround and well placed for buses all around San Francisco. It feels a safe area and we were comfortable walking around day or night. I found the concierge helpull and the staff friendly, i would stay there again You don't go to San Francisco and spend loads of time in your room, it's a great City with loads of places to go. The cable cars are great fun and the walk along the Golden Gate bridge a must.	
Apr 25 2006	We loved the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf	My family and I visited this hotel as the start of our holiday from April 05th to April 08 2006 our trip was arranged with Virgin Holidays and It looks like all the rooms supplied to them were located in the Beach Street block, upon arriving at the Holiday inn there was plenty of check in parking, the reception was bright and airy and we were attended to straight the way, the receptionist was very friendly and helpful and instructed us to drive the car around the corner and park in the Beach Street building to unload our bags then to park under the main building (as Virgin Holidays guests it was free and not $28 a day) our room was on the fourth floor and was very nice, big and clean all the amenities that were advertised were there even the in room safe was free. The location of the hotel was fantastic a short walk to Fisherman's wharf, Pier 39 and mostly the rest of the city. On our first morning we ate at Denny's which is located inside the Beach street building and the food was good the restaurant is open 24 hours and cost around $30 for the 4 of us. The second and third morning we ate in the Bristol Bar and Grill which was lovely very nice and friendly staff and again around $30 for the 4 of us.We all had a look at the pool and the small Gym but as we were only there for three day didn't have a lot of chance to use it, but it did look very inviting. On our next visit I will defiantly stay here again and I would highly recommend it.	
Apr 15 2006	Basic Hotel - Never Again	This is a hotel, which doesn't offer much more than an uncomfortable bed. If you're staying only a few nights and want a clean place to stay then this is for you. If you're after a hotel with a comfortable bed, a plush pillow, amenities or a fridge this isn’t the place for you. Had a few problems with the hotel over charging our credit card, we wrote three emails and sent a fax from Australia, however we didn’t even receive a reply. We had to rectify the situation when we arrived, quite a hassle! Last thing you want to do when you arrive. Our view was also bad, a brick wall! Hotel in need of a renovation.	
Apr 9 2006	Worth a Try	We stayed for 5 nights and it looks like the Brits are mainly accommodated in an annex about 150 yards from main reception. Not a problem as it had a reception desk during the day and a Dennys restaurant which we thought expensive.Room was large and very comfortable but noisy as it directly overlooked a very busy road with cable cars operating until late.Well situated for Pier 39 (5 minutes walk) and other attractions on Fishermans Wharf.Free internet on 5th floor of main building. Just ask for a lift pass.We would stay again but ask for a room not overlooking the road.	
Mar 26 2006	okay but a few problems	i stayed in this hotel last april for three nights with my family.when we arrived at the hotel we had to struggle in with our bags and there was a long queue at the check in.after finally beening seen to we discoverd that we were not staying in this building. we were just told to go out the door turn left along the street and into the other building where dennys resturant was.we were not impressed as they didn't even offer to help us with our very heavy bags,(we were in the usa for 15 nights.our room was clean and spacious and met all our needs.so we left our room to have a look around the area,we were just a few minutes walk to fishermans whalft area and popular pier 39 which was great.back at the hotel unpacking we discoverd a ladder on the the floor out side our window,(we were on the second floor). this concered us as our windows had no lock on it,so we phoned reception and ask them to move in.the reception were very unhelpful and rude like they could be bothered but they said they would send someone over to move it.after returning from dinner the ladder was still there.we felt very unsafe throughout our stay here, the only positives were the location and clean rooms. we will not be staying here again.	
Jan 21 2006 	Loved it!	My Husband, and I stayed at The Holiday Inn, Thursday, Jan 19th, because I had a seminar to go to in the Hotel the next day. When we arrived we only had to wait a couple of minutes, and we were checked in by a very friendly, lovely, girl, who was very helpful. I was worried because of some of the reviews on this Hotel. I had nothing to worry about. My husband parked our car in the Hotel garage, and we went to our room on the 5th floor. It was a lovely room, which also had a large desk for me to do my work.It had a refridgerator, microwave,T.V., large comfortable chair with ottoman,and the room was big,, with a lovely bathroom, which had a make-up mirror. We were also given a late checkout for 4pm the next day. That was great, because of the seminar I had to go to.Our room looked up onto a hill, with homes and over to the financial district where we could see the Pyramid building. It was very quiet, and we could also see the pool from our room. The gym was small, but my husband enjoyed it. I had signed up to be a priority member, (it's free) and was issued a card for two free drinks in their Bristol Bar and Restaurant, and our dinner was excellent. Especially, the cream of Asparagus soup. My husband had salmon, which was very fresh, I had lamb, which was excellent. But, the best thing was the double chocolate mouse cake. It was outrageously good. The all you can eat breakfast buffet was also excellent. The sausages were the best I ever had. They have everything, omelets(made to order), pancakes, waffles, french toast, eggs, bacon, ham, fruit, yogurt, pastries, etc. The people working there were all very pleasant, especially our waiter, who was so amusing and friendly.This was a delightful Hotel, for the money spent, and the convience to everything close by. Ghiradeli Square is two blocks, and the Wharf is two blocks away also. I will definetly stay here again. There was even a note in our room, that read,if you are not satisfied with something, please call the manager so we can make it right for you. They went out of their way to make our stay a great one.	
Jan 14 2006	Never again	On arrival, front desk informed us that we had cancelled our 7-night reservation earlier that day. After much discussion, they found us a room, facing a brick wall, and never offered to move us. Most unfriendly staff, but clean room. We use Holiday Inns all the time, but this was one of the worst.	
Jan 12 2006	Avoid	We arrived a day late. I had informed them in advance to minimise any problems, but still, checking in was a nightmare. I didn't want a twin room which they called a double so we asked to be moved. This was our first mistake. They relocated us to another building and King size room. Very average room, but that's what one expects from Holiday Inn. We went out sight- seeing and just before we retired to bed we notced that we had an Ant infestation! We did a midnight flit as we were moved to another room - identicle but no Ants. The beach building, as it is called- I can't think why, has a Denny's in the lobby (Where America eats, apparently) which was handy for fresh milk for the in-room coffee-maker but the food is dreadful. Everything about this hotel was unpleasant.Please avoid this Hotel. I would not like anyone else to experience the problems we had. San Francisco is a truly wonderful city. Don't let your accommodation ruin your trip.	
Jan 8 2006	Great Hotel Great Location *** dont believe the negativity***	We stayed at the building on Beach Street! Which has the Dennys in it. The check in was in the other building and was quick and the staff very friendly. After a 12 hour flight and once checked in we decided to eat at Dennys, the food and service was lovely. Got to our room and again lovely clean spacious room (this was our 2nd stay here the 1st was Nov 2002). This hotel is ideal for everything in Fishermans Wharf as you can walk to everything, you can also walk to the cable car turn and the 'beach' of San Francisco!! The sea lions, pier 39, trip to alcatraz, shops etc etc all walking distance. Perhaps not recommend walking the 'Hills' of San Francisco get the close cable car alot easier!! :) ! Would recommend this hotel to anyone and will stay here again on next visit!!!!Great Hotel!	
Dec 17 2005 	Avoid this place!	When I attempted to check in at the Holiday Inn, two desk clerks were attempting to help a large group of German tourists. I stepped into the Priority Club line, in back of one other person checking in, expecting to be assisted next. WRONG! Instead, two of the desk clerks disappeared entirely, leaving one poor soul to deal with everyone. After 15 minutes, there was no sign of the others coming back and there were still at least eight people in line. The one desk clerk said she would not be able to assist me in the Priority Club line, and said I should join the other line. (Why offer Priority Club check in if you don't want people to use it?) Needless to say, that meant I was now in back of not only the German Tourists (asking tons of questions and making the process very slow), but everyone else who had joined that line in the interim. I decided that at this rate it would take at least another 30 minutes, so I went to dinner instead of waiting.When I returned, there was still only one desk clerk, so I got in line about 4 people back. The line advanced slowly and eventually I reached the front just in time to have an entire airline flight crew show up and enter at the &quot;flight crew only&quot; line. Needless to say, the desk clerk abandoned me and checked them in first. She eventually returned without apology and I got my room key. Overall time checking in: in excess of 60 minutes!My room at the Holiday Inn was satisfactory in a standard hotel sort of way - nothing special. It fronted on an air space. Since the Fishermans Wharf area is quite noisy, the lack of a street view was no loss. In addition to the 24 hour lobby Denny's Restaurant (as a chain, best to avoid) the hotel offers a coffee bar with fresh juice, fruits, and cereals which was the best thing about the entire hotel. Like all San Francisco hotels, they gouge you on parking ($30/day), so be sure to allow for that fee in your budgeting process.I frequently travel to San Francisco on business. Since my clients are walking distance to Fishermans Wharf, I always stay in that area even though it is obviously &quot;touristy&quot;. I've stayed at the Hyatt, the Best Western, and the Holiday Inn Express on previous visits. None are perfect, but all are better than the Holiday Inn. Since Holiday Inn's Priority Club seems to be the only frequent stayer program that actually lets you use the awards you've earned, I favor those hotels. On my next trip, I'll probably go back to the Holiday Inn Express, which is the same price as the Holiday Inn, but has more reliable hotel-wide wireless internet and a complimentary continental breakfast.	
Dec 13 2005	Location Location Location	Yes, this is a Holiday Inn, not the Hilton. (careful, there are several Holiday Inns in the area and many people got confused when checking in.)This was located on the corner of Columbus Ave and North Point Street. However, the four nights spent here were fine and a real value because of the AAA bed and breakfast rate ($123 Sun-Thur, $133 Fri and Sat) which included the cold continental breakfast($13.99 pp) and parking ($32 per day). This is a five story hotel located three blocks from the warf where all the tours are accessible. On the same block and next door you will find Holiday Inn Express, Marriott, Hyatt, and Hilton, all low rise hotels. One block closer to the warf is the Marriott Courtyard. Noise was certainly an issue, especially when we did not realize housekeeping cracked the window open and did not close it. I resorted to my earplugs brought from home to finally get some sleep. I imagine all rooms facing North Point Street in all hotels listed would be on the noisy side. In this hotel, odd numbered rooms face the street and even numbers are facing a wall (probably much more quiet). Mary, at reception, was great with offering to move us but we declined (unpacked already otherwise I would have done it). Our room was large with a couch in it. Other rooms offered a microwave and refrigerator but no couch. Other then the noise, this was the perfect location and met our needs fine.Two blocks away was Ghirardelli Square, shops and ice-cream. Across Columus Ave. was the Cannery, shops and restaurants.The city tour on Greyline (pier 43 1/2) was very informative. The wine tour with Greyline was great because of Ken, our driver. He knew a great deal and was so polite.30 minutes away is Muir Woods. The redwoods were interesting to see and the trails are easy for anyone to enjoy.Of course Alcatraz can't be missed. Boats on the Blue and Gold line leave multiple times in a day from Pier 41. I recommend buying tickets in advance (for us only one day because it was off season) either by phone or in person.Pier 39 is full of restaurants but don't miss the experience of buying a crab from the street vendors for a real San Francisco experience to remember.	
Nov 30 2005	Good Location for Tourists	We stayed in the Holiday Inn for 4 nights in Novemeber as part of a multi centre package. We were fairly happy with the room - it was clean and spacious with two double beds and a good sized bathroom. We were in an annex building across the road from the main hotel and there was no one on the reception desk in that building for the 4 days we were there and we had to cross to the other building to check out etc. This did not bother us. The location was good for tourists and near all the major sights eg Alcatraz. If we were to return to san francisco we probably wouldnt stay in this area as it was a bit tacky, but the location was good for a first visit. The city itself was great, with loads to do. We enjoyed cycling over the golden gate bridge and visiting Alcatraz whilst we were there.	
Nov 29 2005	Excellent base hotel loved it	The Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf is a great little hotel within walking distance to nearly all the main attractions in San Francisco....Alcatraz, Golden Gate etcThere are lots of shops and restaurants near by and this hotel is such a good base for anyone wishing to explore San Francisco.Hotel staff were so friendly and couldnt do enough to help us. Theres a great Dennys Diner at the Holiday inn just a few mins round the corner and its open 24hrs which is great when youve got jet lag!!I would highly recommend this hotel and its such good value for money.	
Nov 24 2005	good location but bad front desk personnel	We stayed three nights on the fifth floor which they gave us without asking for being Priority Club members. There was some street noise as our room faced an alley. There was a limited view of the bay.Other than the street noise the room was very quiet.We had a lot of trouble with the front desk and later heard someone else having problems also. AAA book advertised free parking in November, which the front desk did not want to give us. After talking for several minutes they xeroxed the ad and gave us the free parking but said the ad had expired even though it clearly stated Nov.-Jan.31, 2006. and that they were doing us a favor. At $32 a day for parking we felt justified in pressing the issue.The following day we realized we were being charged a different rate than was quoted by phone when we made the reservation. The difference was only $7.00 but the lower rate included a free buffet breakfast. The desk clerk (a different one than the previous day) did not want to give us the lower rate, but after several minutes she took the AAA book and xeroxed the same page which had the lower rate and free breakfast and changed the rate and gave us breakfast coupons. The breakfast menu is expensive but for $4.00 extra with the coupon you get the full buffet with omelets cooked to order etc.After checking out we realized we had left a windbreaker jacket on the bed. We called but Lost and Found didn't have it. It either wasn't turned in or someone along the line kept it. This was quite annoying as it wasn't an expensive jacket but was brand new. Good location but unfriendly front desk.	
Nov 15 2005	Nightmare on HolidayInn	We arrived at the hotel for our one day tour of the wharf and were informed that there was a computer glitch and even though we had reservations and had already paid and had an itinerary # they had no room. They then told us we would be transferred to the Holiday Inn downtown. We only had one day there and wanted to be WALKING distance to the Wharf. They sent us several miles away. The room was dinky, located next to an elevator where you can hear everyone getting off. I called and requested a change due to location and size of bed with no help. They said this was what we requested. We had a tiny full size bed, not the queen I'd requested,the flattest pillows I have ever seen, and everything was 1980's decor. A man with a key walked in on us after arrival. A group of loud foreigners were next door and up until 1:30AM. I called the front desk to request ear plugs but surprise no help. I know I didn't ask for a small bed, flat pillows, a dated noisy room miles from my destination. and a group of loud partiers. Holiday Inn needs to take better care of consumers they screw up on. Our $ was refunded but our one day ruined. Beware travelers!	
Oct 16 2005	Good price/location	We stayed here in September 2005 for 3 nights as part of Virgin's &quot;King to the Road&quot; tour. The location was pretty good, only 5 min walk to the seafront. The rooms were clean, fairly big with 2 double beds, tv, air con. The bathroom was tidy and sufficient for 2 people. The only bad thing about the room was the smell of cigarettes coming under the door from the corridor. We were on the ground floor, and all rooms were non-smoking however we were at the end next to a fire exit where people smoked all night!Our car parking pass never worked once to get in/out of the car park. We got a free t-shirt and some 2 for 1 drink vouchers when we checked in, was was quick and easy.	
Oct 14 2005	Good room good location friendly service	We stayed for 6 nights late August/early September. We asked for and got a free upgrade to an executive room on the fifth floor. There were 2 free internet PCs available for general use (often with a queue to use them, but worthwhile).Our room was large with a nice view of the bay and the bridge. There was some noise from the night-club opposite, but we chose to leave our window open.The breakfast buffet in the hotel was adequate but rather expensive so we crossed the road for breakfast every day which was much better and very convenient.The room was clean and very well equipped with fridge and tea/coffee making.With perfect weather we had an excellent time and loved the city and the Hotel	
Oct 13 2005	Over priced hotel	My family and I stayed here as part of a tour of three cities including New York !!!! and this hotel was the middle part of our trip. The room was as described in another review tatty and not very clean and that best describes the room we were given. Our room also backed onto the service delivery area where not only did we hear traffic we also had no view and staff wandering past intermittently meant that we had to keep the curatins. The staff at breakfast hovered when it came close to 10.45 ie closing time at 11am awaiting the check being cleared thankfully the kids ate free but this was more expensive that in San Diego where we later stayed. The location is the best thing about this hotel and thats it !!!!	
Oct 1 2005	Average hotel great location for seeing San Fran	We stayed at this hotel for four nights in late September. Our room was on the executive floor and had view of Alcatraz in the distance. The room was comfortable, with queen beds and a microwave. However, the room could have been better cleaned, and it was not double glazed, so there was a certain amount of noise from air conditioning units and the road (despite being on the fifth floor).We did not eat at the hotel, mainly because the restaurant was expensive and always empty. We had vouchers for free tea/coffee at breakfast time. When we tried to redeem these, we were told that they only had fruit tea, and a limited selection of pastries. These were not significant issues due to the location, which had numerous other alternatives nearby.The location of the hotel is excellent. It is approximately five minute walk from fishermans wharf, pier 39, the cable car terminal and very near to a tram stop. In the evenings the location allowed us a great variety of restaurants within a short walk. It was possible to reach China Town, Little Italy, and a range of seafood restaurants on the bay.The parking at the hotel was $32 + tax per day. This was expensive, but expected in a good location in a big city. On the fifth floor corridor there were a couple of PCs with free Internet access.	
Sep 27 2005	Good location awful service and expensive	I spent 2 nights at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf last week, the last 2 days of a roadtrip that took me to a handful of similar Holiday Inn properties.Our room rate of $196.00 midweek was expensive, so I was expecting reasonable service and a comfortable room. In reality, the room and the service level was significantly worse than at a $60 Holiday Inn Express in other cities.The first (non-smoking) room that we were given - as Gold-level priority club members - was tatty and stank of smoke, and looked out onto a bank of noisy air-conditioning units. We immediately asked to be moved to a cleaner, quieter room, which we were given. There was nothing wrong with the room, but it looked a bit worn and tired, and really was nothing special at all.Front-desk staff were arrogant, curt, and verging on rude. We used some $10 restaurant vouchers we had to have breakfast in the hotel, which was a mistake! We were sat at a table and offered coffee, and all of the coffee cups were dirty - they had 1/2&quot; of milky brown water in the bottom, and bits of food stuck around the mug as if they'd been rinsed off in dirty water. The cutlery was the same - my fork had a bit of dried egg inbetween the prongs!Anyway, we ordered our breakfast, waited 25 minutes, and eventually 3 of our 4 breakfasts arrived. My omlette didn't. I could see the waitress standing by the kitchen door chatting to another member of staff. I waited and waited, and eventually asked for the manager who came and apologised, and my omlette turned up about 5 minutes later, by which time the rest of my family had finished and was ready to leave.Breakfast for 4 of us - which was 4 coffees and 4 omlettes / eggs &amp; bacon etc - came to $80, the biggest rip-off and the worst service that I have every experienced in any hotel. Fortunately, the manager took $40 off after I'd complained about the service.Parking at the hotel is perfectly ok, but at $32.00 + tax per day it isn't cheap. I noticed that there were some public parking lots near the cruise ship terminal for $10 a day which would have been a better bet.All in all, the hotel was poor value for money. Overpriced, complacent, and poorly-trained staff. Our total bill for 2 nights' accomodation, tax and parking (without the breakfast) came to almost $600. The next night we stayed in a Holiday Inn Express near the airport for $69.00 which was twice as good.	
Sep 25 2005	5 nights of hell !	On arrival at the Hotel we were given a ground floor room, which backs on to a wall and the delivery area. The deliveries arrived at 4.30am each morning along with the noise of banging doors and shouting, this lasted for over an hour. The noise of the outside fan was not great either. On asking to change rooms, this took them 3 days to come back to us, for which was then a waste of time moving.The room we had was dark given the location within the hotel and we had to leave lights on at all times of the day. The only good thing about this hotel is the location and the door out.	
Sep 18 2005	Great location... but noisy!	We stayed in this hotel for three nights en-route from Hawaii to the UK. We were located on the 3rd floor in the annex building. The room was spacious and comfortable, and our bathroom was huge! We got a free newspaper delivered every morning. The best thing about this hotel is it's location - it's opposite Fisherman's Wharf and all the attractions around the bay, e.g. Ghiardelli Square, Pier 39, tourist ferries around the bay / Alcatraz, etc. We walked to Lombard Street (up an impossibly steep hill) and back in approx. half an hour. The terminus of the 'F line' tram to the Ferry Building / Market Street (where all the main shops are) / Castro district was literally across the road - it's only $1.50 each, which includes a free transfer within 90 minutes. The terminus of the Powell / Hyde cable car was also only a few minutes walk (I'd recommend getting there early to avoid the queues. We got there at 9.30am and got straight on. It's expensive though - $5 each per journey.) The only downside to the hotel was the noise from the street. My advice if you're staying here is to ask for a quiet room (there were some rooms overlooking a central 'courtyard', which may have been quieter) or bring earplugs! We also encountered lots of noise from hotel staff, e.g. banging doors, so don't expect a lie-in!	
Sep 16 2005	I'm satisfied	Great location, quick &amp; easy check-in by friendly desk staff. The room was clean and the ultra-friendly maids were efficient.If only the Holiday Inn chain would put small fridges into their rooms. Wildly trying to keep ice in a bucket to keep medications cool, doesn't cut it. I was most disppointed - and angry - towards one male concierge (didn't catch his name unfortunately). He was rude and refused to help me book a city walking tour - i tried twice too. The numbers wouldn't work for me and I missed doing a tour.Overall though, this is a good hotel to stay at.	
Sep 11 2005	Excellent Location	We stayed at the hotel for three nights. We upgraded to the 5th floor (Exec level) and would recommend this to others. The room was immaculate and tastefully decorated. Maid service was prompt and thorough each day. Bathroom is small but well equipped and attractively decorated.The staff was helpful and pleasant, except for the concierge. He was on duty each morning we were there, but chose not to be helpful the two mornings we asked him a question. Both days he handed us a map and a look that clearly said you're grown ups, figure it out for yourself. So, unless you want a map you can give him a miss.If you're visiting San Francisco to enjoy the sites, this is a super hotel to choose.During your trip, consider visiting Alcatraz--it's quite an experience for young and old. The audio tour is enjoyable and informative. Lombard Street is a fun sight to see, and the views of San Francisco Bay are breathtaking. Golden Gate park is a real treat to walk around. In the park, be sure to visit the Conservatory of Flowers or the Japanese Tea Garden. There is a new museum opening within the park (DeYoung) so that will be worth a visit. I believe it opens in October.We have a couple of awesome breakfast spots to recommend: Dotties True Blue Cafe on Jones Street. There will most likely be a wait but that's not what you'll remember afterward. Excellent food and service and just a neat place to eat a very hearty breakfast. The other place is The Pork Store--it's at Haight &amp; Ashbury. Again, expect a wait but then expect a fab breakfast in a fun atmosphere. The host (of sorts) was a gem. He checked in with everyone and had a running joke going with each table it seemed. We dined in style at Aliotos one evening and so enjoyed the fresh seafood. Prices were fair for the experience.Fun place to visit in the evening is The Cannery (next to The Argonaut). There's live music around 6pm--we enjoyed two really good bands. It's a courtyard area with a couple of bars so it's an ideal place to sit with your cold drink, listen to the bands and people watch. Lots more to see and do and recommend--that's why we'll be going back soon. Forgot to mention the good breakfast spot across from the hotel. Its called Pergaminos. Very nice indeed.	
Sep 7 2005	fully satisfied	Clean and nice. In a great location. Helpful personnel. 5th floor with computer room and free internet connection. Free limo service from 6.30 to 9.00 to financial district. From our room we could see the Cannery (right in front of us), Alcatraz and the Golden Gate. Pier 39 is at about 10 minute walk as well as Lombard street (opposite direction).Go to Pergamino for a wonderful breakfast.	
Sep 5 2005	Every thing you would expect from a Travel Inn!!	Lets not beat around the bush here....Its a Travel Inn. Personally we expected a little more from Virgin Holidays then this, but it was in a great location, it was clean, the staff were friendly etcAfter all we came to see San Francisco, not a Hotel.	
Sep 4 2005	Clean cosy 	We are Australians and had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for 3 nights recently and after travelling around the world in 6 weeks I have to say this hotel was one of our more pleasant stays.... We stayed in the annex where Dennys Restaurant is and we found the room spacious, clean &amp; fresh and the bathroom was roomy and also clean.... Whilst it was close to everything including the famous &quot;Fishermans Wharf&quot; and Pier 39 (where there is heaps of shops &amp; restaurants to choose from) we found it very quiet and was able to get a good nights sleep in our hotel room... Yes, the restaurants were a little pricey BUT if you wanted a cheap meal there was always the Clam Chowder in a sour dhoe bun on the wharf to satisfy your hunger... We also found a great restaurant called the &quot;Rainforrest Cafe&quot; on Beach Street... great food at reasonable prices and fantastic staff and atmosphere. Wished I had young kids again to take back there - an amazing place for both young and old... I would highly recommend this hotel and San Fransisco and look forward to my next visit there... Loved it all....	
Sep 1 2005	Not bad great location	A quick warning before I start the review.....if your room is in the annex building, use a bellman ! Getting to the other building includes walking out on to the street in front of the hotel and a good 300 yard walk down a busy road. I lost count of the number of people I saw lugging heavy cases, clearly underestimating how far apart the entrances to the 2 separate buildings are.We spent 2 nights in the annex building in August 2005. The room was satisfactory (2 queen size beds) although the decoration was a bit dated. It was kept clean though and we were impressed by the friendly maid service who went out of her way on a few occasions. There is a 24 hour Dennys in the lobby of the annex, where service was dreadfully slow in the mornings when it gets busy. We had a 30 minute wait for food which was not good when you only have a day and a half in the City and want to get out and see some sights. The famous Lombard Street crooked street is walkable too, although the hill you walk up to get there is VERY steep.I can't fault the location of the hotel which was in easy walking distance of Fishermans Wharf, Alcatraz Ferry, Cable car turnaround (where you could catch a cable car all the way into downtown area), The Cannery etc etc. A cab from downtown back to the hotel cost about $9 - worth getting as he tool us speedily over Russian Hill, reminding us of the classic Steve McQueen car chase!We didn't use the pool or main restaurant, but generally we were happy with the hotel. Not exceptional, but functional and close to the action. One last word of warning though - if you bring your car, you will get charged $32 per day which seems to be a common charge in this city. Parking is a nightmare in SF and driving is not too pleasurable either, so its a good idea to leave your car out of the city if you can. We booked our stay through a travel agent and got our parking charge waived, but the guy in front of me checking in went pale when they told him the car park charge!	
Aug 27 2005	Great Location - Walk almost anywhere	Holiday Inn at the Wharf is close to many attractions. We took our two boys. Ghirardelli Square, the Cannery, the Wharf, Ferry Docks for Alcatraz, the Hyde Cable Car line, shopping! August was a crowded month. But we seemed to get everything on the MUST SEE and DO list checked off. Hotel is older, but well located and recently remodeled. Our room was clean and the maid service was GREAT. Pool is a bit small, and were the hotel to add a jacuzzi spa we would definitely go back. Food is pricy at the hotel and at the Denny's in the annex across the street, but the entire city is expensive when it comes to meal time. Lots of clean towels, sofa bed could use a replacement matress, but that is where the two kids slept and they could have cared less. No view from our room (just a purple and blue wall from the building accross the alley but Who wants to sit in a room with the action all about you outside? ) - when we checked in, we asked to be upgraded from a room with two doubles to a king plus pull out queen and the staff graciously accomodated our request. Lot's of families with kids stay here, so there can be a bit of playful noise about. If you are on a honeymoon or want a quiet romantic weekend, you should probably not stay here.	
Aug 24 2005	Dirty and Noisy	I booked this hotel for a 4 night stay in SF last November thinking that as I always find Holiday Inns in Europe very comfortable and good value for money I would be safe staying here. How wrong was I!Unluckily for us we came during a labour dispute, lots of sympathy and all that but the protesters started their protest outside our window at 7am each morning. This after the noise of the traffic outside keep us awake into the small hours. The rooms were dirty, we swapped and the second bathroom was still dirty. I found a pair of dirty panties (not my own) under the bed. The staff were not particularly helpful and the breakfast was expensive.This hotel is in a good location and maybe when there are not protesters it is better, but I would never risk it again.	
Aug 21 2005	to stay or not to stay	we stayed at the holiday inn without actually staying there if you know what I mean- our room was in the annnexe around the corner. It was fine and probably a bit less noisy than the main part, but the downside was that we didn't get to use any of the hotel facilities, including the pool, and only discovered the delightful pergamino's cafe over the road for breakfast on day 4.The room was spacious and clean, with a safe and hanging rail for clothes rather than a wardrobe, spacious bathroom (well big enough for us). The annexe had a Denny's restaurant where we ate breakfast the first few days, our son loved it but the food was only average and it was a bit pricey. Still everything about our California holiday was expensive this time round.We had hired a car because we wnated to visit several places independently, rather than take a young boy on too many coach excursions, but after getting lost from the airport (due to some crappy directions given us by our holiday firm) we ended up driving through all the worst and busiest bits of SF, including right down the cnetre of Chinatown! Ultimately, we decided that the car had been a mistake, especially as there is such a good transport network in the city. Fisherman's Wharf was fun, and not as ghastly as a lot of people made out, plus, we had so many other sights to see, including the fab Golden gate Bridge and a trip on the outside of the famous cable car at Powell and Hyde (for which there was a considerable wait, so get there early). Fisherman's Wharf has some nice seafood restaurants, again pricey, and is all on the level, so walkign around is easy. I would certainyl recommend it for families, as there is Pier 39 with the sealions and the ferries for Alcatraz(a must) plus amusement arcade and lots of shops. Also go see Coit Tower - walk up Telegraph Hill if you have the energy(exhausting!) or drive up an then get the lift to the top for some great views. Chinatown a must also, we ate at the wonderful Emperess of China, which has views of Coit Tower and food authentic, decor beautiful and waiters very attentive (good value as well). Visit The Fort underneath the bridge, it's a big former miltary garrison that has been renovated and opened to the public, very inetersting for children and adults alike. Take a city tour early in your trip, it will give you a good account of what the city has to offer and then you can pick and choose where to return. Ate at the Cliff House on the promontary about 5-6 miles from SF, lovley food and superb Pacific coast/beach views. Wrap up warm - SF is very chilly in the morninngs and the fog invariably covers the bridge, although it usually clears by the afternoon - average temp when we were there was 65C (40 degress less than at our friend's house two hours inland!). Woudl return to SF tomorrow if we could, and to the Holiday Inn as well. San Franciscans are an amiable lot, non-conformist and very relaxed about life in general, and SF is the one city in America where you will find interesting house architecture	
Aug 20 2005	Loved my stay here!	My family stayed 6 days here and loved it. The room was clean, bathroom was kept spotless and the staff were very friendly. We were at the Beach Street building and it was very quiet and comfortable. The beds could've been a little softer, but we managed. The location was great just a couple of blocks to the Wharf and several excellent places to eat, and even a Walgreens. I will stay here again when I go visit the area again.	
Aug 18 2005	better than expected	Stayed at this hotel in August 2005 virtually begging them for a quiet room having read the reviews! We were told we could change rooms if it was too noisy but although there was quite a bit of traffic noise, it was not unbearable...ear plugs help! We were in the annexe building up the road on the fifth floor with an adjoining room for the kids. The rooms were spacious and clean and nice bathrooms. We found Dennys restaurant extremely overpriced and only went once. I would like to reiterate a previous reviewer 's comment about camcorder/camera salesmen in this area. We were nearly persuaded to buy a digital camcorder which we didn't really need. They aren't as cheap as the salesman tried to make out.Otherwise this is a fantastic area to visit but even in August it never gets very hot so make sure you bring a coat! Also, the trams get extremely busy with long queues in the town centre, we never got our money's worth with an advance ticket.I would recommend San Francisco and this hotel for a few days stay...then go on to Yosemite for a beautiful contrast!	
Aug 13 2005	Nothing to complain about	I visited San Franciso for the first time in April and stayed at this hotel. Holiday inns are the same value for money in UK as they are in the USA, so why do people complain when they get there? What do they expect? 5 star service?Yes our room was noisy at night (we had a room opposite a nightclub), but its hardly going to be quiet in an area like Fishermans Wharf. If you want somewhere that quiet, then don`t stay in Fishermans Wharf. This area is full of tourists and nightlife for the locals.There is nothing that fantastic about this hotel and there is nothing that bad. I found it to be ok, what i would expect for low budget. If i wanted luxury i would have stayed somewhere else.Its in a very good location, with shops and restaurants nearby. I would stay here again.	
Jul 17 2005	Try Pergamino for breakfast	Stayed at the Holiday Inn for 4 days and it was fine. I had been a little concerned after reading some reviews. We were in the Beach building - no problems with noise. Staff were courteous and friendly and the maid service was excellent. Had only one meal in the hotel which was ok but there are so many good restaurnats in the area that I would suggest going out. I read on here about Pergamino's being recommended for breakfasts, so we tried it and went back each morning. Straight over the road from the main hotel, wonderful, freshly cooked food made to order, extremely friendly staff who make you feel most welcome. They say they make the best waffles and they do - try them with the fresh berries - absolutely gorgeous. Even though we had an early departure on our last day, we dashed round for our final breakfast, treated to free drinks seeing as we had been such good customers and got a hug from the owner when we left.Excellent location for walking around. Cable car near Argonaut hotel couple of blocks away - go early to avoid long queues.	
Jul 17 2005	Happy at the Holiday Inn	First off - if you are driving in to the SF area - stop off at any rest stop and grab one of those hotel coupons book (we used the &quot;Traveler&quot;). With our coupon we really saved a lot of money for our 6 night stay. We were quoted between $219-$250 and wound up getting a room for $145 on Fri and Sat and $129 for week day nights. Being right in the heart of the Fisherman's Wharf area for this amount of money was truly a bargain! We also got an upgrade from a standard room to a room on the &quot;business level&quot; which is on the 5th floor. Never hurts to ask for an upgrade and we didn't have to pay any additional fees.I was informed that this hotel had been recently renovated to the tune of several million dollars. Not sure if I buy that or not but the room was extremely clean with the following ammenities: a key safe, king size bed, chair w/ ottoman, desk, iron and ironing board, roomy bathroom, nice sopas, shampoos, etc., hairdryer, and black-out drapes (a must!). Also, wireless internet access is free! Our particular room (room 560) didn't have a closet or an armoire so we had to use a valet on wheels to hang our clothes. Strange but it worked and there was plenty of room to put it against the wall without it getting in the way. Our room faced &quot;The Cannery&quot; and had a view of Alcatraz. You could see a little bit of the Pacific Ocean but I would not call it an &quot;ocean view&quot;. Basically your view from our particular room on the 5th floor was the Marriot Hotel! But overall I wasn't unhappy with what I saw outside the window. I don't think this view would be as good on any of the other floors (there are only 5). I also agree with another reviewer regarding the noise level from the street. It was noisy with the &quot;Dirty Martini&quot; bar across the street and cars/bikes passing by but honestly if you can get a piece of pizza 'til 2:00 in the morning across the street at &quot;Fisherman's Pizza&quot; - can you really complain??? And after all, you're in a big city! If you are looking for quiet, head south on Road 1 to the Big Sur area! The staff were extremely accomodating from the bell hop to the concierge. If you plan to stay in the city for at least 3 days pick up a &quot;Muni Pass&quot; which will allow you to jump on a bus anywhere in the city... it's really worth it. The hotel lists an outdoor heated pool and a fitness facility. The pool is small but we didn't really come here to swim anyway and the fitness facility consists of 2 treadmills, 2 ellipticals, and a bike - there is also a television. I don't think I would call it a &quot;fitness facility&quot; as it's more a &quot;cardio room!&quot; Again, this didn't concern me as I wasn't here to train... and you get plenty of cardio walking around anyway.I liked this hotel, would recommend it and would return. Oh, one more thing, they charge you $30.00 per day to park your car here. But that's pretty much status quo here. If you are flying in - you might want to consider not renting a vehicle and using mass transit. It's hard getting around by car and you have to pay to park everywhere.Good luck and Happy Traveling!Debbie from Jupiter	
Jul 4 2005	Great Location - right in the heart of things	This hotel does have an excellent location for exploring the Wharf, catching a cable car etc and has a number of very good restaraunts close by. It can only be a couple of hundred metres to the waterfront. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were average HI but nothing that I could complain about - generally the usual Holiday Inn standard that you can trust. The pool is quite small but many people probably wont spend much time in the pool in San Fran anyway. Although its relatvely expensive for a Holiday Inn it a very reasonably priced hotel in terms of San Frnasisco. It's right next to the Holiday Inn Express and the Hilton. There is a business centre with free internet access which is nice. There is a restaraunt but we never ate there.Be very careful if buying any camera/ video equipment near the Wharf - it pays to be a well informed buyer. They can smell an opportunity to make a fast 100 + bucks!If going back to SF then I probably would go back to this Hotel. I have stayed at the Civic Centre area in SF on a previous visit but I would say don't do it. There is no comparison in terms of location. The Wharf wins hands down every time. The Civic Centre area is a soup kitchen, blanket dispensing haven for SF's homeless - which is good for them but not what most people will want to experience daily on a trip to California. You could no doubt pay more and get a more upmarket hotel but I doubt the location would be any better any where around the wharf. A good deal all round. Well done Holiday Inn.	
Jul 2 2005	Don't understand bad reviews!	Stayed here for 4 nights in June on the way back from Hawaii. We were in the part of the hotel down the road where Denny's resturant was and had no complaints at all about our room. 2 double beds and a reasonable sized bathroom, both of which were kept spottlessly clesn and we didn't have problems with any noise. We didn't use the pool, we didn't have time!Had no problems with any of the staff, found them all to be courteous and helpful when we checked in and out. Ate at the main hotel resturant one night and had a wonderfully cooked meal which was worth every penny. Wine was a tad pricey though.Location was brilliant, one block from fishermans wharf and pier 39. It was also close to the tram, bus and cable car so we could get anywhere really easily. We were shocked at the quality of the public transport. We bought a 3 day travel pass for $15 which meant we could use the trains, trams, buses and cablecars which was worth every penny.We were lucky and had 4 really clear, warm days so had a great time visiting the golden gate bridge and alcatraz (among other things). We both fell in love with the city and would definately stay at the Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf again.	
Jun 16 2005	hotel from hell	The noise in this hotel at night was awful the bins being emptied at around 3am everyday they sounded like a bomb going off. we had a room above the employee entry ,they slammed the doors all hours of the night and day . traffic all night including motor bikes racing down the road.and then fighting and arguing from people in the road . The staff were not at all friendly. Never ever again will i visit this awful place	
Jun 8 2005	Great location clean hotel with brilliant service.	Stayed here in mid May 2005. Great location for city and Alcatraz tours. Bell hops extremely efficient and corteous. Very clean. Excellent value for buffet breakfast. Handy for Chinatown, shops and Irish pubs. Will certainly return here.	
May 12 2005	Spent the weekend here for the second time	My wife and I stayed here over the weekend for the 2nd time. For the price, the room is acceptable (SF is a pricey city). We usually find that we do a ton of walking there, and sleep well regardless were we stay. We got a double room this time and took our 16 yr old son. The location is ideal for a fun family trip, or a weekend away from rainy Seattle with the wife. Fisherman's warf and Pier 39 are great spots for the kids. We spent a whole day there doing the tourist thing. Sure, the rooms could be nicer or larger. But we were only there to sleep. If you stay in Fisherman,s warf, try the breakfast at peragamo's across the street. They claim to have the best waffles, and they might be. They have the greatest host, Rueban. If your lucky he will grace you with a song and will always make you feel welcome. Breakfast there is a part of our stay everytime. another tip. If you are planning to rent a car, it'll cost you 35/day to park. They have a fantastic metro system here. The historic streetcar stop is a 1/2 block away, next to a walgreen's{unload your digital camera here,and save your pics on CD for a couple bucks!}. The streetcar will take you to market streek, you can get anywere from there in a few minutes. &quot;Famous&quot; trolly stop 2 blocks. Save that money on parking, take the transit. spend that cash on a boat tour of the bay 2 blocks away you can take a boat around alkatraz and under the golden gate for 10 each. look for a wooden boat captined by Maury. We had a blast and he was cool	
May 11 2005	Great Location	Stayed here for 3 nights at the start of a 2 week flydrive and was a little nervous after reading some of the reviews on this site. We checked in and the receptionist drew us a map of where our room was-which turned out to be across the road in a different building. Nevertheless, the room was large and clean and was all we needed for our stay. The location was fantastic and we didn't use our car at all during our stay here. Had breakfast in the restaurant once, it was adequate but we found better food and prices elsewhere in Fishermans Wharf. Would recommend this hotel for a short stay but wouldn't choose this for a weeks holiday.	
May 6 2005	great hotel	hi we 4 adults stayed at the hoilday in for 3 nights,we had paid £50 each to upgrade from downtown to stay in fishermans wharf and it was the best £50 that we had spent.hotel had good big rooms with everything in them tv ,shampoos,safe,coffee maker we got a free morning paper each day.the staff were friendly and helpful.the pool area was very clean and well layed out.out and about was very good all shops and food outlets near by.dennys was open 24hr and was just at the corner ,they served up good food and the portions were big free refils on soft drinks and coffee which was good.we would definetly go back and stay there if we were in town again.so go on try it, ignore the bad reviews. we did its a fab hotel.	
Apr 24 2005	No Problems here	This hotel was fine, no problems at all. We had two rooms, a double and a twin on fourth floor. Hotel is normal Holiday Inn standard, staff helpfull and friendly. Hotel is clean and tidy and in a great position in Fishermans Wharf. We were able to walk to everything in the area and had easy access to transport to City &amp; Bay - all buses, trams, trolly, cable car &amp; boat.I would reccomend this hotel to anyone, or any family. Hotel bar is OK, had free drink every night as Priority member, suggest you look for food outside hotel as local choice is fantastic.	
Apr 11 2005	A nice surprise !	We were expecting the worst with this hotel after reading the reviews on trip advisor prior to travelling, but had a nice surprise. We were also roomed in the 'annexe' building on the next street, only a couple of minutes walk from main hotel. We checked in and were offered help across the road with our luggage. Were on the 4th floor in a twin room which had two double/queen sized beds. The en suite was large with bath and shower. There were coffee making facilities, air con, tv, optional 'pay per view' movies and nintendo if you wanted them, and a free newspaper every day. There was also free internet access for as long as you wanted (as long as no one was waiting) in the Holiday Express hotel a few doors down, you just had to show your Holiday Inn key card. We were a five minute walk from a sandy bay, with free museum and great views of the golden gate bridge. Trams went further into the city regularly and there were a multitude of great eating places 5/10 minutes walk away. All the staff and house keeping were polite and helpful. Although on the ground floor there is a 24 hour 'Dennys' restaurant there was never any excess noise, even from the street outside! We would definately stay there again. Also would recommend Pier 39 for unusual shopping, boat trips and eateries and the Bay Shuttle door to door airport service, which you can reserve online with no fee before you travel !!!	
Apr 5 2005	Handy Location but that's about it	Stayed here for one night after flight from UK. Had to queue for approx 20 minutes just to check-in (similar experience for check-out also!) The porter staff were not very helpful and just seemed to stand around - they certainly didnt offer the usual US standards of friendliness and helpfulness. The staff in the restaurant were friendly and the food ok.The room had two double beds, the bathroom was tiny and the view was of the hotel roof! A number of lightbulbs were out of action and the hairdryer in the bathroom also didn't work. The advantage to this hotel was its location. Very handy for all Fisherman Wharf attractions and tourist shops. The Cable Car terminal is also just a couple of streets away. The hotel looked a little tired and perhaps is due for a refurb. Ok as a place to rest a weary head, but wouldn't want to stay for any longer than one night!	
Mar 28 2005	better than reviews led us to believe	having read all the reviews on this hotel we were ready to change our booking but having just spent 3 nights there staying in the main building we were quite satisfied. great position walking distance to most places, our room at the back of hotel no view but quite quiet except for when the bins are emptied at 4am. Reception staff very efficient quick check in and out. All in all not bad for the money and for a couple of nights a good place to stay.	
Mar 27 2005	Suggest the Holiday Inn Express next door	We didn't actually stay here... but stayed at the Holiday Inn Express next door (which we loved). We did come over to do our laundry here since the HI Express didn't have a laundry facility. Was I not impressed with this hotel. The laundry room was very dirty and they were out of detergent. The front desk would only give me one detergent box even though I had two loads. There were only two elevators and one of them wasn't working. When I tried to use the stairs, they were locked into the floors so I had to wait for the elevator when I wanted to go up. The comments I overheard from guests who were staying at this hotel were very negative. I would recommend the neighboring HI Express which is about the same price.	
Mar 21 2005	Nice Enough but noisy	We stayed at the Fishermans Wharf Holiday Inn for three nights before flying on to Hawaii. The hotel was nice enough, rooms adequate and location was a easy walk to Fishermans Wharf and other attractions. We ate breakfast each morning at a great little restaurant across the street from the hotel, best breakfast we have had in a long time. The only real complaint is the noise from the street, one night people were partying at some nearby club until all hours and it was impossible to shut out the noise. All in all, we were satisfied with the hotel, not sure if we would book it again.	
Mar 6 2005	Sleepless in Fishermans Wharf	We were given a room in an annexe which was on a busy road. The traffic noise started early in the morning i.e. before 6am and went on till late at night. There was a problem with the bathroom in one of our rooms which although we reported it to Reception immediately was never repaired. This meant half our party could not bathe or shower in their room.We were supposed to meet someone in the hotel but no-one in the main Reception or the annexe could tell us where this room was although we eventually found it 50 yards from the annexe reception. The Reception staff would not contact the people we were meeting or help us in any way. This was our first hotel in California and we chose it because it was supposed to be a flagship hotel, but we found the service appalling. If you are located in the annexe and want to swim in the advertised pool, you will need to walk along a busy road to get to it, you cannot get changed in your room and just walk down to the pool as in other hotels. The staff in the restaurant were fine but the reception were the worst I have ever experienced	
Mar 4 2005 	Don't Bother.....	If your choice of places to stay is a cardboard box or this place, give the cardboard box some serious consideration. With so many decent places to stay in the Wharf area, do yourself a big favor and look elsewhere.....this place is the dregs.........	
Jan 28 2005	Good tourist location but not over impressed with the room	Stayed at the Fishermans Wharf, San Francisco for 3 nights during a holiday to USA in September 2004. We checked in at the main reception which looked nice and gave a good first impression however, were then directed to our room which was in another building on the next road along - not impressed about having to drag our cases along the street at 1030pm particularly after 13 hours of travelling! The standard of the room was OK but there was a faint smell of smoke and we had quite a busy road outside our room. However, we did not spend a lot of time in the room as we were busy out and about during our stay - a good point is that the hotel is well located for the attractions on Fishermans Wharf and for accessing the transport links into the city. Also, there was a really good guy in the reception of the second building who gave us some excellent information about how to get around the city and some other tourist bits of information. I guess on reflection you do get what you pay for and we didnt pay 5* prices, I would class it as an average place to stay with no frills.	
Dec 7 2004	Nice location not the best hotel	If I had it to do over again I would have paid the extra money and upgraded to the Raddison or another hotel which have just as nice locations. The staff was barely tolerable, the walls were paper thin and the rooms seemed a bit run down. The parking charge at $28 per day was, to me, the icing on the cake. The Raddison (where friends stayed) was more expensive per night but they came out nearly the same when you factored in parking.It wasn't the worst. It was clean and tolerable but if you're going on vacation spend a couple extra dollars and upgrade. Also, if you do stay be sure to request a 2nd floor room. The noise on the first floor from the parking lot and other guests was bad.	
Dec 3 2004	Not bad but not great	My girlfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights in mid-November. Apart from the striking staff out the front who did their best to wake us at 7am each morning (hooray, no need for alarm clocks!), this hotel was ok but certainly nothing great.We were upgraded to the business level as we were Priority Club members, which was handy as free internet access was available.The rooms were average though, nothing impressive there. We paid just over $100 per night, and whilst the location was fairly good, I would certainly have expected a nicer place.Again I stress this place isn't bad at all, it did seem clean and neat, I just expected more for the price we paid.We did have one incident of a crazy cleaner entering the room to check on goodness knows what (our luggage?) even though we repeatedly told her everything was fine. Not sure what that was about, but I do hope they don't make a habit of it...	
Nov 30 2004	Double Glazing required	Friendly staff (with the exception of the ones making all the noise picketing outside all day!)Hotel did everything possible to minimise the disruption and most hotels in the city also suffered from same problem. Even on the fifth floor you could here all of the noise from the street. Double glazing is required for a good nights sleep.A pleasant stay though.	
Nov 28 2004	Fantastic Hotel - Excellent Location	Must admit we were a bit worried after reading recent reviews - we first stayed here in 01 (room overlooking nice street view so was a bit noisy at night) and have just returned from our second visit 22-26/11. Thankfully striking workers had returned to work the day of our arrival and we were upgraded to the business floor, but even if we hadn't been upgrated we still would have found the hotel to be as excellent in comfort, value and position as our first visit. Room was spotless, and was full of all the usual tourist amenities, and the staff couldn't have been friendlier and more helpful - our request for extra pillows was fulfilled by the time we returned to the room. NB for an excellent restaurant go to Cioppino's at Jefferson St	
Nov 23 2004	Great Location - that's about it!	If you want to stay at the Wharf then the location is excellent, as you are just opposite the Cannery and it is a pleasant stroll to Pier 39 and Ghiradelli Square. The streetcars and cable lines are also short strolls away. However, we had a room overlooking the back of the Cannery and it was very noisey at night. Things from the bars would quieten down by about 2am then the street cleaning vechicles etc would start c. 4.30am! The room itself was as you would expect - clean, good size with all the usual amenities. Staff were pleasant and helpful. Next time I think I would stay abit further from Wharf (transport in San Fransico excellent so no trouble getting around) to get a quieter nights sleep. Try the Buena Vista restaurant/bar overlooking the cable car line (near Gharadelli Square) - excellent breakfasts and views.	
Nov 15 2004	Don't check in!!	When we first arrived at this hotel, we felt sorry for the protesters outside (we had not been told by United Vacations that this was going on even though we had been booked for over 6th months!). However, the pitty was short lived as they continued to shout outside our building from 7am-10pm every day. We were woken up in the morning with shouts of &quot;wake up scum&quot;, it was a disgusting way to treat holiday makers. I seen children crying as they exited the building because they were so upset by the protestors shouting at them. If that wasn't enough on our final night we were disturbed by other guests in the room adjoining ours. As 4 young females on their own we became quite scared when the men in the other room started trying to get into our room via the adjoining door. We phoned security to complain about the noise and what they were doing, only to be met with a phone call half an hour later (at 3am) saying that the security guards had been standing outside our room and noted that it was us that we were making the noise and told us we had to be quiet. We couldn't believe it, we thought it was a joke. When we complained to reception they told us that we hould have called the police ourselves if we were that scared! Their service really was a joke, if you are planning visiting this hotel then phone ahead, if the strike is still on then DON'T STAY THERE!	
Nov 14 2004	Be very circumspect if staying here	We arrived at this hotel on 2nd November. Could not fault the room itself,however, at approx. 3.30am every morning the dustbins in the hotel opposite are emptied and the noise is awful. Furthermore, with the strike still taking place, we were woken at 7am every morning by a picket using a bull horn informing us that this was our &quot;early morning call&quot; and again at 10pm wishing us &quot; a good night&quot;, amusing if your reading this, but not if you are listening to it! Furthermore, this hotel seems to have a penchant for school children staying. On the 5th Nov. about 100 Chinese school children arrived, and both the children and their tutors could speak very little, if any, English and had nothing but contempt for other guests. This became apparant on the first evening when they ran up and down the hotel corridors slamming doors and making one hell of a noise up to 11pm. The noise started up again at 5.40am when the arose for breakfast. But, the real crunch came on Sat night when the noise started at about 9pm and went on until 3.10 am, and then started up again at 5.40am.I phoned the front desk twice, my wife ( and other guests) confronted the children in the corridors, but to no avail, (they didn't understand English) and finally I went down to the front desk (in my pyjamas) to complain at about 1.30am. I completed a complaint form, and whilst I was doing this youngsters were running around the foyer, jumping up and down on the furniture and shouting and yelling at each other. I asked the clerk why she didn't do something about it and said she was unable to do so as it was the job of Security. The security guard asked me if I would like to change my room, but what good would that have done as the noise effect was throughout the hotel, and we were leaving at 9am anyway. The next morning when speaking to other guests it would seem that everyone had complained. At check out I again complained most strenousely, and after a bit of a kerfuffle I was given compensation. I also confronted one of the tutors and gave him a mouthful, but probably didn't do much good as his English was limited, but it made me feel a bit better.There were at least two lots of schools that checked in that week.I suppose it goes without saying, that I would not recommend this hotel.	
Oct 20 2004	Holiday from Hell	Stayed here from 8th - 15th October. Checked in 10.30pm and shown to a room in other building a 5 min walk away. Room was dirty and very smelly. It had not been cleaned, the sheets were dirty obviously had been slept in by someone else there were magazines and other belongings of the previous occupant. Moved to main building next morning. Striking staff made the holiday unbearable constant shouting through a bull horn and banging of placards and drums until the early hours of th morning. Hotel staff were not interested as we were on a package booked through Virgin Holidays - Virgin's Rep was also not interested. Glad to leave.NOTE: Virgin Holidays advertise this as a Flagship Hotel, this hotel is old and dirty, even without the striking staff, I would not have been happy with this hotel.	
Oct 14 2004	Loud but close to all....	My husband and I stayed there the first weekend of Oct. And as you can read from other reviews, the hotel staff was on strike! It was horrible. But the hotel itself is in a great location 2 blocks from the Wharf. The staff was decent. The rooms were OK, they need to have some renovations. The bathroom lighting was horrible. All in all, it was a clean hotel. But far from worth the price charged per night. However in SFO everything ie expensive. Do yourself a favor and spend a few more bucks to get into the Argonaut or something of that caliber. You won't be disspaointed there!	
Oct 12 2004	No tea bags!	We have just returned home, had a two day stay 9-10 OctoberHad a pleasant room in the main building.Striking staff kept up a noisy chant for days on end out side - but this was happening outside lots of the city hotels. Staff were really busy and stressed by above. Staff helpful and pleasant, easy access to computer for emails.Was able to check in early and check out late without problem.Only problem was lack of tea bags - they arrived quickly after requests each day. Excellent location, enjoyed a wonderful street parade.	
Oct 5 2004	Poor Hotel Stay Elsewhere!!!!	Stayed from the 9/21-9/23. Got Bumped from the Radisson (over-booked) to the Holiday Inn. What a poor hotel. Got shafted across the road to the other building. Alot of Noise from outside did not help our beauty sleep. Very Rude staff. I needed help to find internet access, was asked &quot;what do you want&quot; Not very Helpfull at all. But rudeness was apparent from all the shop vendors along the wharf and it was not a great sight for my kids to step over homeless people living in boxes to get to a restaurant for breakfast. Don't Stay Here. Stay in the city centre and catch the cable cars for your bay tours.	
Sep 19 2004	If you like ants and mould stay here!	Terrible Hotel. Had a three night stay as part of a Virgin Holidays package on a tour of the USA. We had 3 different rooms, the first two mouldy and infested with ants and the final one very noisy. Couldn't wait to get home! If you can, try and stay somewhere else!	
Sep 18 2004	Good and bad depends what's important to you	We stayed at the Holiday Inn over Labor Day weekend, and had a great time in San Francisco. The hotel had some really good points, and some not so good points. First of all, it was 1 short block from where the action is at Ghiradelli Square, the Wharf, Pier 39, etc. The bad part is that when you check in at the main desk, you may find out that your room is in a wing that's located across the street from the main section. That means parking and dragging your luggage down the sidewalk and across the street to the other wing (a little embarrassing and inconvienient). Our room was nice, though we had no view at all. Noise was not a problem at all--very quiet where we were (except that the entry doors tend to slam shut). We were there to shower and sleep, which was fine--and as long as you don't expect much more than that, it's a good location.	
Sep 12 2004	Noisy hotel	We stayed at the HI on two occasions in August/Sept 2004. The accommodation is split between two sites and unfortunately on the first occasion we were sent to the other site around the block. The room needed some updating and was a smoking room which made it even worse considering my wife and myself don't smoke. We were never given the choice.There was no double glazing and although we were on the 5th floor you could hear other peoples conversations at street level.As other reviewers have stated don't expect alot of sleep during the night as the trash trucks tend to arrive and make a loud noise every morning about 3.00 am.On the second occasion we stayed in the main building where the room were marginally better but the noise levels still the same.If you want a drink don't use the hotel bar as it is expensive.As a plus it is in an excellent position for the Fishermans Wharf area.	
Sep 5 2004	Try another hotel...	We stayed for 5 nights in August, based on Trip Advisor comments and the fact that it is a flagship hotel for Virgin. Initial impressions on arrival - the reception area was closed for refurbishment, the corridors were dark and uninviting, and the room was smaller than we were expecting. &quot;We&quot; comprised my wife and I plus children aged 13 and 10. The two double beds we had were the smallest during our two week trip, and probably the oldest.We were woken on two occasions by the noise of heavy duty lorries collecting the rubbish at unearthly hours.On the positive side, the staff were helpful, and the location is very good for Fisherman's Wharf and cable cars. At a cost of $150 per night, I did not think it represented good value for money. I did check availability at the Argonaut, but it was fully booked. It would have cost an additional $30, which I would have paid.ps make sure you take a jumper and jacket - it's cold in San Francisco!	
Jul 24 2004	Great Location shame about the noise!!	The hotel is in a great location and the staff are excellent, very helpful and friendly. The rooms were a good size with all the amenities you need. The hallways could do with a bit of modernisation as they are very drab and dark. My only complaint is the noise level!!! Due to the great location the noise levels in the early hours of the morning are very high and we were awoken from our sleep on several occasions. The staff were very obliging and moved us to a different room where the noise was not so bad.I would stay here again as the location and staff far out weighs the excessive noise.	
Jun 23 2004	A good choice for Fisherman's Wharf	My girlfriend and I returned to SF in June 04 and chose the Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf - previously we had stayed in the Radisson but couldn't justify the extra expense on this occasion. At the Radisson you just pay extra each night to be five mins closer to Pier 39.The HI was very comfortable, our room was well furnished and the staff charming. We received two calls on our first night there to check everything was to our satisfaction. Would definitely stay again when we return to SF.	
Jun 15 2004	Rude staff and Old smelly rooms	We stayed here for 3 nights in May, what a disappointment!From the minute we walked in to check in the service was terrible. I have never come across such rude staff, they are not interested in the guests at all, we are gold card members with this particular chain of hotel, that meant absolutely nothing to them, as we couldn't of been given a worse room. Definitely needs renovating.The room was disgusting old and smelly.We had a lovely view of a brick wall.Also the parking is extremely expensive.I would not recommend this hotel, and would never stay there again!	
May 27 2004	Close to all sights at Fishermans Wharf and Cable Cars	Holiday Inn on Columbus Street is excellent location to Fisherman's Wharf. Also very close to the start of the cable cars and very close to the Cannery. I have stayed here four times and will continue to stay her every time. It is a little bit expensive but worth it to be so close to all the attractions.	
May 11 2004	Great Hotel in Fab Location	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the end of April/beginning of May. We have no complaints whatsoever in this 'higher than usual' 3/4* hotel. After a long and tiresome flight we were pleasantly surprised at the nice looking reception area. We had been upgraded to a business class room on the 5th floor which we found to be spotlessly clean, well furnished and spacious. The only minor grumble would be the noise from the road outside and they should maybe invest in secondary glazing to muffle it a little but we did get used to it. As the weather was so nice when we visited, it was great having a swimming pool/area to sit out in after a long day sightseeing and it was always clean and tidy. Although I didn't go in the pool, the water felt as if it was heated.The hotel has a great location in Fisherman's Wharf but away from the 'Blackpool-y' side of it. It is close to the Trolley Bus pick-up point - get a 3-day pass for $15. It is fantastic value as you can use the trolley bus, cable car and local 'muni' buses.I would not hesitate in staying here again.	
May 7 2004	Great hotel!	We stayed here for 4 nights in April 2004. We were upgraded to the business floor in the main building on arrival, and the room was spacious, clean, and had a view of Alcatraz. The hotel is well located for Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 etc., and is close to the cable car turnaround. We found it very easy to get around using public transport. The hotel staff are very helpful, but not in the Denny's in the other building - don't go there! The only bad point is that the street was very noisy at night. We would definately stay here again.	
Apr 30 2004	A Great little hotel!	My husband and I visited this hotel during April 2004 and found it great value. The room we had was furnished to a very high standard (it looked recently decorated) and immaculately clean! It was in a very 'central' location with the cable car turnaround just around the corner and a short hop to all the local attractions of Pier 39, The Cannery, Ghiradelli Square etc. The only downside was the fact that roomservice only operated during the same hours the restaurant !!!!! There was a 24hr Dennys' across the road but that sort of defeated the object. Apart from that the overall stay was really enjoyable.	
Mar 28 2004	Good place for a stopover	On our long way from Finland / Europe to our honeymoon destination (Hawaii), we had a stopover in San Francisco on 10th March 2004. Only one night, but arriving in the afternoon, the Fisherman's Wharf area was nice for an evening walk and planning the next day round trip with a cable car around San Francisco. The hotel room was not the best, but for one stopover night just sufficient. Of course a better window view would make it nicer, ours was unfortunately heading towards the parking and a loud street. But you just do not care about the noise after a 12 hours flight. San Francisco is such a lovely city. My favourite, the Pier 39 sealions just in walking distance from Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf! The hotel lobby cafÃ© was somewhat empty and in the hot spring weather, waiting to get a bottle of water wasn't fun.	
Mar 13 2004	A good start	This was our first stop from the UK. It's great to have parking on-site. We were upgraded to a room on the business floor in the main building with a view of Alcatraz! The room was large, clean and well appointed, albeit a little noisy in the early hours of the morning being opposite a delivery/collection area. We only ate at the bar, but the food was good and reasonably priced. Having arrived, the car didn't move until we left because the hotel is ideally situated for exploring San Francisco on foot. We would stay here again.	
Mar 8 2004	Good practical hotel	Stayed in the hotel 3 times (always in the main building) and whilst it isn't the most luxurious hotel, rooms are well furnished and the staff in the restaurant at breakfast were very helpful.	
Jan 26 2004	Decent value; excellent location	We've stayed several times at the Holiday Inn, Fisherman's Wharf and found it to be an excellent value on the Internet Saver rate off the Six Continents Hotels website. Our stay during the last weekend of January 2004 was in the main building at a rate of $85/night. The room was clean, furnishings in good repair and our room overlooked the Cannery. The breakfast buffet is decent and Priority Club members receive vouchers for 50% off the regular $15.95 price, (so be sure to join Priority Club before you make your reservation at the hotel.)Note that there is an &quot;annex&quot; to this hotel in a separate building. We have never stayed in it and it would not be our preference to do so. There is also an executive floor on the fifth level of the main building with key card access if you want something a little more than the standard offering.The HI Fisherman's Wharf is within easy walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf and the cable cars. We like to walk a lot and so we also found it easy enough to take in much of the North Beach neighborhood and Chinatown. If you can get a good rate, it's a solid value. If you are looking at rack rates, then there are more premium properties in the area that you should research.	
Jan 11 2004	Awful experience	Checked in at 1 a.m., and surprised to walk in to a dirty room. Lugged everything back downstairs and told the only other rooms were a block away around the corner (past a bus stop). Someone from the hotel did escort us, and we entered the building by the garbage dump--lovely smell! The rent a movie in your room option did not work, the repair man must have tried to fix it 4 times. Awful experience.	
Dec 8 2003	Holiday Inn at the Wharf was great!!	Stayed at Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf in November 2003 with my husband and 8 year old son. The location is excellent - close to all the action at the wharf and also near to the cable car turnaround. Our room was clean and comfortable (but perhaps a little noisy at night) and the staff were friendly and helpful. Altogether a good choice.	
Nov 22 2003	Good hotel-good value.	Stayed here Nov. 14-21, 2003 on the business floor during a conference. Clean, well-apponted room. Staff busy with high-volume custom, but still very helpful. Well located, near cable-car terminal, Pier 39; easy access to Financial District with complimentary shuttle. Plenty of MUNI stops nearby. Good breakfast buffet. Dining room deserted at night; plenty of good eateries nearby. Some traffic noise at night--but, hey, this is a downtown location adjacent to two busy streets. If you want quiet, try Carmel. If you're driving, leave your car in the lot and take transit; traffic in SF is unbelievable. Lots of alternatives nearby--BW, Marriott, Sheraton, Hilton, Hotel Argonaut, etc.	
Oct 31 2003	Good Location but consider other hotels	I agree with those who were dissapointed with the Holiday Inn, Fishermans Wharf.Though a good location, the hotel was little better than a motel, with the rooms being of a poor standard and the reception staff being ignorant.If you do stay there, make sure that you get a room in the main building, as there is another building across the road which I would not advise.Good location, but we wouldn't stay there again.	
Oct 20 2003	A Good Place for Us	We stayed at this hotel right after 9/11/01 and remember it being fine for our needs. Returned there Oct. of this year for two nights and again it was just fine for what we were looking for. Contrary to what previous posters have said, we found the staff to be very cordial and accommodating. The room was average but it was clean and had everything we needed -- we were there as tourists to the wharf and didn't spend alot of time in the room so anything fancier/more expensive would have been wasted on us. If we were to return, we'd stay there again.	
Sep 25 2003	Really Noisy	Stayed at the Fisherman's Wharf from September 17th-21st. First room we had was so NOISY! I have never stayed in a room like it. The traffic at the junction kept us up all night. We moved rooms the next day which was slightly better. The room was big and clean. Would have been nice to have had a fridge and a kettle. The staff could do with smiling as we found them very rude and unhelpful. Good location but would probably not go back.	
Sep 19 2003	Rude staff and below average rooms	The Holiday Inn would not be a hotel we would even describe as three-star. We were directed to a separate building block away from the main hotel where our room was to be found away from all the hotels amenities. When we asked for a room upgrade we were told no rooms were available. The staff were very rude.The next morning we found ants around the windowsill and floor. The bed was very old and uncomfortable, the bath and bathroom dirty and the general condition of the room was very poor and in need of decorative repair. We stayed at the Holiday Inn for three nights, never again!	
Aug 29 2003	Unfriendly Terrible Service		
Aug 18 2003	Don't be put off!		
Aug 14 2003	Much better accommodation available.		
Aug 3 2003	There are much better alternatives		
Jul 22 2003	Horrible Hotel		
Jun 23 2003	Awesome Time Hoilday Inn Fishermans Wharf		
May 20 2003	Holiday Inn Okay		
Apr 26 2003	Holiday Inn Fishermans Whard		
Nov 6 2002	Don't stay here		
Oct 17 2002	Great Place To Stay		
Nov 14 2009 	Il primo viaggio con il mio amore		
Nov 11 2009 	?????????		
Nov 3 2009 	?????????????		
Oct 7 2009 	posizione fantastica !!!		
Sep 9 2009 	Impécable		
Aug 12 2009 	Bellissima posizione		
Jul 14 2009 	Super Lage. Schönes Hotel		
Mar 17 2009 	?????		
Mar 4 2009 	Excelente en todo		
Aug 7 2008 	Très agréable		
Jun 25 2008 	Teuer Parkgbühren!!! 37 Dollar + Tax		
