Nov 20 2009 	Fabulous location	On arriving at 9.30am to drop off our bags, Ryan went out of his way to get us checked in 3 hours early. The same level of helpfulness was evident in all members of staff. The decor is totally OTT: huge chandeliers, lots of gilt plasterwork; sweeping staircases and period features. - I love it, but it may not be to everyone's taste. The rooms were clean and the bed comfy. Coffee machines are availble on request, we only found this out when one was delivered to our room in error one morning.The location on Union Square is superb, with the trolley cars passing the front door, most bus lines within a block, Walgreen opposite for those bits you forgot and Starbucks tucked into a corner for coffee and muffins in the morning (you dont' have to leave the hotel if you use the back entrance). We thought the food and drink was quite expensive, but who want to stay inthe hotel when there are so many alternatives on the doorstep.All in all a great experience and I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 15 2009 	Watch your Bill for Charges!	I stayed one night at the Sir Francis Drake and had a great stay. The location is right in the heart of downtown and just a short cab ride to Embarcedero Center which was perfect for me. The room itself was nice...the bathroom was very outdated, but clean enough. The worst part about my stay was when I checked my credit card bill when I got home - they had charged me $21.90 for the mini bar which 1) I did not use and 2) did not appear on my final bill when I checked out. (I'm not sure if perhaps they had magnetic sensors on the things in the mini bar, so maybe if I bumped a bottle of water it would trigger a charge? Even so, $21.90??? They did not mention there were any sensors when I checked in or I never would have even opened the door). I called the billing department and the first representative said they would refund it...4 weeks later, still no refund. I called again and the next representative was extremely rude on the phone and said that it was unlikely I could get it refunded and that she would have to have her manager approve it...I asked her to do so and call me back....nothing for 2-3 weeks, so then I sent an email to the hotel using their website contact info...nothing for 2 weeks, so I called the billing department again and asked to speak to the manager of the department. I left a message on her voicemail and finally someone called me the next day and confirmed the charges would be reversed which they finally were last week (3 months later)....decent hotel, but not worth this kind of trouble at all...	
Nov 15 2009 	Great location and comfy beds	We had a great short stay at the Sir Francis Drake. The beds were comfy, the staff were good and the location is just perfect. Just a short stroll to Chinatown, and Market Street and handy to lots of public transport. The only negative was that the room was very noisy. We are both sound sleepers but even we were both woken up by car alarms and street traffic - even on the fifth floor. So if you sleep light I recommend you ask for a room at the back. The restaurant and the downstairs bar were both good. Unfortunately we couldn't experience the legendary upstairs bar as it was closed from Sunday until Wednesday! We weren't the only ones disappointed by this either.	
Nov 6 2009 	Don't give them any card other than the card you reserved with to avoid double charges	I reserved my room with my company's AMEX card, but when I arrived I gave them my personal debit/credit card. I asked them to please make sure they only charged the company card, and they said OK. When I checked out, I again asked them to make sure they only charged my company card, and they said OK. When I got home, I saw they charged my personal debit card - and they charged me more than the rate for the two nights stay! It took me four or five tries to get a human being on the phone to answer my questiions. They said it was just a &quot;hold&quot; on my debit card, that they had already &quot;released&quot; the charge, and the &quot;hold&quot; would disappear - maybe 3 or four or so business days. Well that's 3 or four business days that over $500 is missing from my account! I complained that somebody should have told me that this money would be taken out of my personal checking account for this period of time when they asked me for a card at the desk. Especially when I made a point of asking that nothing be charged to my card, that the room should be charged to my business card. When I asked why they charged my personal card for more than what they charged my employer's AMEX, they said it was to cover any 'incidentals' i might have ordered. Their overall attitude was &quot;too bad, this is what we do, what are you complaining about, you'll get your money back in a week or less.&quot; The manager I spoke with gave his name only as &quot;Marcus&quot; and refused to give a last name.On top of all that, they charged me for a bottle of water and a coke from the minibar in the room, when all I had was the coke. At least that was immediately refunded. But if I didn't have this issue with the charged to my card, I would never have called back to check on that.Very unprofessional. Thank God I wasn't staying there for a week, otherwise I would be looking at $1600 in charges from my checking account! At least I don't have any bounced checks to worry about. Oh, and the rooms are small, bathroom is small, and no coffee maker in the room. When I came down about quarter to 8:00 in the morning, the &quot;complimentary&quot; coffee was already put away.	
Nov 2 2009 	A piece of history in a great location.	When you first see and enter the SF Drake hotel, you will feel like you're stepping back into the highest echelons of society in the 20's. The hotel has a classic and historic charm to it without being overly opulent or tacky, it's got true class. It's even easier when you accept the quirky color choices of the drapery.The employees are dedicated to great service and deliver on their promise, from the Beefeater who greets you, to the front desk employees, to the concierge. Everybody working there is friendly and helpful.Don't make mistakes and expect a 'standard' or 'deluxe' room to be big. This is an historic hotel and, as such, rooms are not huge. Bathrooms are tiny in the smaller rooms, almost too small. The 'junior suites' are much more comfortable in size, with plenty of room to move about and even 2 showers in the bathroom. Get a suite if possible, but two people can make do in the smaller rooms.There's only 1 mark I have against the hotel, and I didn't ask whether it is of any historical significance or just coincidence. Both rooms in which we stayed had the worst way of making a bed possible. There was no fitted sheet on the king sized mattress, just a flat sheet barely tucked in on the edges. This means through the night the sheet can shift and expose you to the pad or bare mattress. We worked through this by ensuring the duvet stayed tucked, thus keeping the sheet on the foot of the bed. Strange.The location is great, right in front of a cable car stop, half a block from Union Square. It's close enough to real coffee (No, I'm not a Starbucks fan), too close to shopping, and withing walking distance of many places of interest.The hotel bar is nice and features &quot;prohibition era&quot; coctails, i.e. some real coctails rather than all the sour mix junk you find in most bars. We found it quite busy in the evenings with corporate groups.Get a tour of the prohibition room if you can find someone free.	
Nov 1 2009 	Halloween Haunt	The hotel has been one that I have wanted to stay in fro a long time and sad to say that I was a little disappointed in the hotel. It was gorgeous and did have some things to request for in room that were complimentary: straightener, makeup mirror, toothbrush, toothpaste, and a few others. The room was small, but that was fine because it is San Francisco. They were comfortable and has great bedding. I am not sure if it is entirely worth the price we paid for. The most difficult time was when some of us went back to get our bags. All of us stored our bags with them while we went out to eat lunch. Half of us had to get back earlier then the rest. The man who tagged our luggage only ripped off the ends, handed them to us, and sent us on our way. When we went back for our bags we had three tickets not knowing if they were on our bags or not. Of course they weren't and the man that was there then, gave us a hard time. He was trying to tell me what was in one bag and made my friend describe every little detail that was inside of it before giving it to us. Their storage area is quite large but very unorganized. When tagging bags, you should put a name on them and correspond the tags to the correct bags. I worked in upsacle hotels form my hometown and we were way more efficient. Our hotels were not even half the size but vetter customer service and organization. The Sir Francis Drake was pretty and I would stay there again, but hope that the experience is much better.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great location good hotel unfriendly/ unhelpful staff	We spent 4 nights at this hotel as part of a longer CA break. The location couldn't be beaten, just a block up from Union Sq., on a cable car stop and walking distance to the F Car and convienient buses. There's also a great breakfast diner across the way - Sears - that's so useful to fuel up before a long day sightseeing.The hotel itself is good. Rooms were clean, small but enough for a city break and well furnished. We were in a corner room on the front and it wasn't noisy, you could hear the cable car bell, but we liked that bit of character!The thing that really lets this hotel down is the staff. We arrived after a 23hr journey and there was no help with the bags, the receptionist didn't engage in any conversation even after we tried to talk to her. On another day we approached another receptionist to ask a question, half way through the question she picked up the phone and didn't even acknowledge that she'd cut us off. On a couple of other occassions we approached reception and they simply weren't interested to help. There is a beefeater outside the hotel, i think there's 3 different guys - only one (on our last day) remotely wanted to talk or help.I would stay in this hotel again and i would recommend it as the location is fab and hotel is good, it's just a shame as it could be 100% with a bit more interested/ helpful staff	
Oct 25 2009 	Great Location helpful staff and loved the History of the place	We had a great rate and our main reason for the stay was seeing the South Pacific at the Gplden Gate Theatre. The location of the Sir Francis Drake was perfect as you are pretty much in the heart of Union Square. The staff was helpful and they have good business center that we needed to use. The place itself is filled with so much history. The rooms had the old beautiful old big windows to see the city. We had a great view from our room. Rooms were very clean and housekeeping staff very helpful. I would stay here again.	
Oct 20 2009 	It grew on me....a little	We went there for the Nike Marathon. Upon check-in the ditzy desk chick wouldn't get past the fact that I was okay with her charging a ton of money on my debit card. Really, it's okay-I'm not broke so get past my Vans and hoodie and just give us our key. Our room was smallish--paint peeling, view sucked, and no cool Kimpton robes (I'm an InTouch member but was told those were in some mysterious Tower room only). Oh and the AC was busted. And the windows didn't open. I called for maintenance and the guy said the &quot;engineer&quot; would be right up. 30 minutes later I called again to be told that the &quot;engineer&quot; had gone home--but would I like a fan? After speaking with the manager the following morning we changed to a different (better) room. At least the AC worked and I got a decent night's sleep before the marathon. The manager also comped the night that we sweated rather than slept. Beyond that, the hotel is in a stellar location in downtown SF. The staff, mostly, was totally cool--especially Keith and LeBan, the Doorman. The hotel is old. The beds are comfy and the housekeeping staff keeps it clean but, it is an old building--just don't expect perfection. No flat panel TV's. No coffee makers in the rooms. Honor bar is decently priced. Room service is available. In summary, it is satisfactory but I'm not convinced it's worth the money. When we go back we'll probably give another hotel a shot.	
Oct 16 2009 	Not as advertised	Just checked in today. Based on the reviews that I read, I assumed the hotel would be average. Yes, it is. Location is the only thing I can say is good, but honesty there are a ton of hotels all around the Drake. I chose this hotel because it was a last minute business booking. I arrived and the doorman was outside looking for the President who was in town giving a speech. I had to ask another guest where the check-in desk was. The desk clerks were not what I would consider over-friendly by any means. I have traveled for the past 2 months and met much friendlier staff. Upon exiting the elevator to my floor [4th], it was like walking into an ashtray. It stinks like stale cigarettes. I will say that my room does not smell too bad, I think you get used to it. My view is the roof and the walls of the hotel. The size of my room is good, the bathroom is small and in great need of repair. The toilet runs randomly, the shower drips and the wood trim in the bathroom window is chipped, dirty, and just plain looks BAD. It also allows for bugs to enter through the cracks. I spent the first 15 minutes killing bugs and a big fat fly that was in the room. I can't imagine a chain such as Marriott or the Hyatt having a room in such a state. The website states all rooms have a refrigerator, honor bar and a complimentary movie channel - I have none one of those things. I found an old Walgreens bag where I think my Refrigerator is supposed to be?? The TV channels offered are reminiscent of pre-cable, because that's pretty much what you get, basic channels. While it may seem nit-picky, I noticed that I don't even have a bath mat in the bathroom. Guess I am to use one of my towels. Outlets are a premium. There are none in the bathroom. The alarm clock is set-up on the desk which is not next to the bed; I am assuming this is because there is no outlet next to the bed - DUMB!I know the Manager reads these comments and hopefully he will take the time to freshen up the place. It does not require a complete rehab to paint trim and do general cleaning. Location will not sustain you forever! I really wanted to like this place...	
Oct 16 2009 	Central Comfortable Value in SF	This was our first hotel of 5 during a honeymoon tour of California. It is a bit touristy and very big but it is bang in the middle of San Francisco and very handy. The shops are within spitting distance and the Powell-Mason cable car stops outside.The room was big enough and although the decor is all a bit tired, we were more than comfortable. Lots of towels, a comfy bed and a decent shower were all provided and whilst the walls were paper thin, our neighbours were considerate!The concierge was very professional and the 3 door men (dressed in crazy beefeater outfits) were excellent at sorting out cabs (which can be a nightare on a Saturday night). But make sure you have an appropriate tip on you if you use them as they can be a bit pushy and aggressive if you don't put the right size note in their hands. We felt very safe in the hotel and, whilst we might not stay there again in the future, it would only be because we would want to explore somewhere else.	
Oct 13 2009 	Couldn't have been better	From the location to the charming lobby, to the staff that really and truly seemed interested in making sure our stay was the best it could be -- this hotel was a great find and a real bargain for San Francisco. Didn't try the restaurant or the club upstairs however. We had a great corner room at the rear of the tower with a view toward Union Square. I've heard comments about the 'small' bathrooms but so what! I didn't plan on spending any more time than necessary in there anyway! Next visit to San Francisco, we won't shop around at all. I know exactly where we will be staying!	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Location --- Small Room	First off we are two young Australians first time really travelling around America.We arrived off SFO and caught the airport shuttle which was only 15 buckaroos each... Then we arrived to this hotel, but had a hard time finding the reception and it was very packed due to a Psychotherapist Conference going on at the same time. After finally finding the reception, they upgraded our room which was a pleasant suprise though took out a very hefty bond --- 450 bucks to be excate which REALLY hurt the budget. After arriving in the room we wondered what the room would be without an upgrade since it was tiny... The bed was very comfortable; it was lucky we spent alot of time out since there wasnt much room in the bed. In the end, the location is wonderful, right next to Union Square, the hotel looks great inside and the service is quite pleasant but the rooms aren't very good.	
Oct 9 2009 	Wonderful Experience...	I haven't written the review until now over a year later, but the memories are still fresh...that is how good of a time my wife and I had. The Sir Francis Drake is just a beautiful hotel and in such a good location that it is almost beyond compare for a trip to San Fran. Seriously, it is right on the trolley line for travel convenience, right down the block from the train, right next to the shopping district and there are restaurants everywhere. Also, in an effort to be polite, I worked with the manager on our room since I would rather give them the opportunity to match the rates you can find online and not only did they match, but they upgraded my room! How sweet is that! Believe it or not, the room was quiet as well. We were up on the 13th floor (I think, it could have been the 12th). The one note is that the bathrooms are slightly smaller than a normal hotel, but from all the research I had done, ALL the hotels have that same issue in San Fran since they all go back to the turn of the century. It did not hinder us at all though and I am a big guy (250lbs). Don't let it bother you.Do yourself a favor and book with them for your next San Fran vacation. This Florida boy and his wife can't wait until our children are older and we can return one day with them!	
Oct 8 2009 	Good location nice but very small room	Traveling solo for business, I took a gamble on Hotwire and landed at the Sir Francis Hotel. For what I paid (company paid) it was a great deal, but had I paid full price I would have been disappointed. The room was clean and the location was great. Starbucks next door for coffee and breakfast sandwich, drug store across the street, and trolly right in front of hotel that goes to fishermans wharf. Room size is really my only complaint.	
Oct 8 2009 	Tiny rooms good service good location	The rooms at The Drake are tiny! Don't bring an extra suitcase because there won't be room. On the other hand, the employees were helpful and courteous. The location is great.	
Oct 8 2009 	Prime Location in Union Square	The Sir Francis Drake certainly is the perfect hotel destination if being within a stones throw of Union Square, the Theatre District, Shopping and the Cable Cars is what you are looking for. The rooms were comfortable and the bedding was very plush. The bathroom was on the small side, but adequate for an older hotel. All in all a great stay in a great city. Would surely stay at the Drake again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Good situation in need of update.	We stayed here for 3 nights and the room was indeed small and you could sit on the toilet and wash your hands at the same time - but hey, we only needed somewhere to sleep. However, the windows were not double glazed and the noise woke us regularly, especially loud bangs from local deliveries, or a building site perhaps. Also, the windows were filthy, particularly in the rooftop bar, obscuring the fabulous view. But, a good location for shops and the trolley stops right outside.	
Oct 3 2009 	Good Hotel	Overall, a fairly good hotel that comes with all the amenities. It's a bit on the small side so I wouldn't encourage an extended stay here. Most likely, this is the kind of place for business class travelers and long weekends. Classy hotel offers all the basic amenities that come in a hotel room such as complimentary toiletries and what have you. This hotel certainly showcases it's history and obviously hasn't lost it's identity or style, while still managing to retain a contemporary image. Gorgeous hotel lobby is awe inspiring to say the least when you walk in, making you feel as if you're walking into the gold plated interior of a mansion. Service is relatively solid from the staff and all my needs were addressed, complete with a complimentary newspaper at my door. Hotel rooms are small and I had stayed in a single, but enjoyed what the place had to offer. Bathroom is definitely meant for one individual and surprisingly, it's a bathroom that's held up over decades of use as the Drake is kind of a local institution. Now speaking as a guy, I have absolutely no credibility in terms of interior design but I did enjoy the room interior: green and white striped walls that add to a fairly reassuring and comforting feel to the room, which comes with both TV, DVD player and overpriced video rentals. As far the area itself, the Drake is right in San Francisco's Union Square, a tourist mecca full of all the big name retail stores you know: Neiman Marcus, Macy's, Borders, Gap and Victoria's Secret. It also has the convenience of being across the street from a Walgreen's for all your basic needs. But as I said, this is the place for a short stay as opposed to a long one. So if you need groceries, you'll need public transportation to get to a supermarket. But overall, this is a relatively solid hotel and I would highly recommend staying here.	
Sep 29 2009 	GREAT hotel but what happened to The Starlight Room?!?!	The wife and I spent a long weekend (Friday through Monday) in San Francisco as part of our wedding anniversary this year and, having seen The Sir Francis Drake on several previous visits to the city, we decided to stay there this time. The desk staff were great and were able to give us a beautiful corner room overlooking Powell on the 11th floor, even with our surprise early check-in time. The Bell Captain was outstanding and the Beef Eater Doormen were as entertaining as ever. Our only complaint was that Harry Denton's Starlight Room (one of the major reasons why we picked The Drake) was closed on Sunday AND Monday nights. I suppose, in all fairness, that we could have thought to ask exactly what nights the Starlight Room might actually be open, but since we were in The City (as opposed to Toledo, Ohio or something) we just assumed that the &quot;hottest club in The City&quot; would actually be open. Our bad!	
Sep 21 2009 	A bit of faded glory	Room on small side, especially bathroom, not room to swing a cat.. Also some of the usual toiletaries you expect in a 3 star hotel were missing. The room itself whilst freshly painted had air of having seen better days. Also threadbare carpet on main lobby stairs in need of attention.However staff were very friendly and helpful	
Sep 18 2009 	Bit like fawlty towers	I stayed here from the 04th September for 3 nights. The location of the hotel is great- cannot be faulted. On arrival i was given the smallest double room i have ever seen. I went back to reception to advise that i had infact booked a Twin Room as there was 2 guys travelling. And i again showed him the confirmation ( Which clearly stated a twin room ). Eventually it was changed to a Twin room. The hotel is a bit dated but nothing really to complain about. One thing which really annoyed me was the satff in the Bistro. The rate which i had booked included breakfast. There was a big queue in the mornings and non residents had priorty over hotel guests for beakfast. This is something i have never come across in any hotel ever!!!!. I went to the reception to ask why this was the case and got the ususal shrugged shoulders - in other words, i don't care. All this aside i would stay here again and would recommend it. P.S . when i checked out i dod not owe anything on my hotel bill. But a mysterious charge for €4.61 euros has appeard on my credit card, and again no explanation	
Sep 16 2009 	Couldn't have picked a better hotel!	I don't even know there to start. We were a little worried by some of the reviews on room size and the like but once we got there it was all put to rest. We were informed at check-in that we did get a smaller room (queen). After going upstairs to check it out we found it to be small but still larger then the &quot;upgraded&quot; room we had in New York and a major chain. It's cozy for sure but completely livable. That said we had an issue with the fridge and were upgraded to a corner King room 2 nights later. What a change. That room was a very good size, had a walk-in closet (yes, walk-in. It was massive), larger bathroom, two lounging chairs and a great view of Union Square. Those that have any questions on room size I'd suggest going for the corner King rooms. I can't say enough about the Sir Francis.. the hotel and rooms were great, staff was bar none the best I've worked with and the food downstairs at Scala's was to very good. Top all that with the great location and you have a real winner!	
Sep 15 2009 	Fantastic location - pleasant stay	Location/overviewWe stayed at Sir Francis Drake for 5 nights in August. On arrival we were well greeted and check in was efficient with nice friendly staff. The location of this place is spot on. It is literally 10 seconds walk from Union square, practically on he square itself and near the Italian and Chinese areas of town surrounded with loads of bars/ restaurants. The reception and bar areas were very dramatic with great high ceilings and chandeliers. RoomOur room was not massive and a little old fashioned but adequate/average. The bathroom was again very small but adequate, possible could have done with more storage areas but to be honest there would not be the space. The bed was large and really comfortable. What made our room was the view, we had 2 windows overlooking union square and the adjacent street so could see all the hustle and bustle, trams and Macy’s! Could also see much of the city and the view was great night and day. Whilst I was initially a little disappointed with the size of the room the view did make up for it and too be honest we knew when booking this what to expect as it’s an old building with an excellent location and a price tag to reflect all of these factors. As we were out visiting family some of our family also had rooms in the hotel. I think theirs were standard rooms (whilst ours was I think was a tier higher due to some strange internet ‘deal!’ ). Some of their rooms were smaller and others were larger so I think there is really a mixture at this hotel. My Grandma had a disabled room and this had plenty of room to wiz a wheelchair around in as well as walk in shower and accessible basin area etc. Communal AreasThe communal areas were obviously where they spent the money in this hotel. The hotel lobby bar became a meeting point for us due to being in a large group. The staff working in this bar were excellent and very friendly/professional. Personally I would not choose a lobby bar to hang around in but this is fine for meeting up. The restaurant attached to the hotel was really nice and reasonably priced. The pasta I had was fantastic. The streak was huge and honestly the plates could have been designed for 4 people but I think this is an American thing! It was obviously a very popular restaurant.We went to the starlight lounge nightclub late one evening in the hotel. It was a little more than cheesy, a little ‘80’s and with lots of people ‘dad dancing’ if you know what I mean??!! However I was quite tipsy during my time there and whilst not massively impressed it was high up and had great views. Concierge service was great, always helpful when information needed. High Point and Low PointsLocation 10 of10 – Staff 9.5-of10 – Price 7/8 of 10 – Rooms 7 of 10My only slight niggle was that we left with less clothes that we started with ? My husband had quite a new light coloured T shirt that just disappeared from the face of the earth whilst we were there (it had been unpacked and left on the side after being worn once). Unfortunately we surmised that housekeeping had been a little over zealous in their efforts to strip the beds and it must have got caught up with the white linen laundry. On check out the hotel did credit our bill with the price of the t-shirt and have promised to send it back if it ever turns up but this does not really seem likely and it’s been lost to the “laundry gods”.	
Sep 14 2009 	Staff just brilliant	Currently staying here after we arrived and saw our previous hotel, the Fitzgerald. It was so bad that we left and looked round a few hotels which were full. We came across the Drake and the staff were so helpful seeing my wife was upset late on at night. The front desk staff Veronica and Calvin pulled out the stops to get us in and we were so so grateful. This hotel is in the best location in SF, I think luck was on our side on our honeymoon. Thanks again to the staff. Grant and Sandra.	
Aug 26 2009 	Cozy hotel in the middle of a fantastic shopping area	We stayed at the Drake for 3 nights, as a start of our trip this summer. I liked the hotel and would return.First of all, I am not a fan of big chains hotels, that have lots of space and no personality. That said, this hotel is a charming place right in the middle of town. Don't expect big rooms, it is after all a remodeled old hotel. Bathrooms are tiny but extremely clean. Forget the big closets but the beds are soft and the decor really nice. Our room was pretty and well maintained. We had no noise issues.Location: great. I loved the fact that we could walk back to drop packages or change clothes without having to cross town. Last year we stayed at the Adagio on Geary st, nice rooms but a long walk from everywhere. We used also buses to move around town, there's a line next to Sacks that takes you practically anywhere. If you are tired and do not want to walk, there's also Sears restaurant in front of the hotel, offers good meals from breakfast to dinner.The staff was extremely helpful, the concierge great and we got all of the info we were looking for and some smiles too. Kids thought the bellman was awesome.	
Aug 22 2009	Excellent location couldn't compensate for poor service	The historic and very beautiful Sir Francis Drake Hotel caught our attention when we were searching for a place to stay for the week, and given that we traveled with a bunch of friends &amp; family, we wanted a central location. Without a doubt, the location of the hotel is terrific - close to everything and very convenient to everything, from public transportation to restaurants to shopping. However - and this is a BIG however as far as I'm concerned - the service was terrible. First of all, do not rent a car - not necessary to do so if you're here due to the great public transporation. If you do, however, be aware that it takes at least half an hour to 45 minutes for the valet to retrieve your car - that IF you can find the valet! We couldn't find ANY of the hotel staff when we checked in so ended up hauling our own luggage from the car, which we couldn't even park in front of the hotel - so we hauled our luggage from Post Street and had a walk up without any help. When we DID locate staff, did they help? Nope - just stood there and talked amongst themselves (perhaps we looked like we don't tip - which we do, since we come from a tourist state and recognize the absolute importance of tipping!). Called the hotel desk to request our toilet in the very, very small and claustrophobic bathroom to be repaired - it took over half a day to get that going. I'm so critical of this because this IS supposed to be a rather upscale hotel and again, I work in the hotel industry in management so I expect much better than we received. I'd recommend the hotel, but only for a short stay and only if you're patient!	
Aug 22 2009 	Thanks to the Swine Flu Scare a 24-hour room sale was too hard to resist...	This was my wife's and my first anniversary so we wanted to have a romantic getaway in San Francisco. Yes, as many others have posted on TripAdvisor and elsewhere, the Sir Francis Drake is a historical downtown hotel, meaning small rooms and dated decor. But its location and great staff made it a pleasure to stay 4 nights exploring Union Square, Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf and Golden Gate Park.As a mature couple on a budget, staying in a good hotel is a balance between location, amenities, service AND price. However, with the economy still on a downturn AND possibly the Swine Flu scare earlier this year (Spring 2009), this Klimton Hotel had a 24-hour sale too hard to resist! Our room was 65% off! That saving can pay for tons of hand sanitizers...And thanks to previous TripAdvisor reviews, we paid an extra $20/night to get a Queen size room in the Tower. It seems that some of the rooms are in the old 6 storey section of the hotel, meaning quite close to the street noise, etc. Those higher up in the tower not only get a view, but more distance from the street noise (especially in the downtown Union Square area!).I mentioned that the staff were great, from the costumed doorman who greeted us and helped with our luggage... to the check-in staff who chose us a great room on the 18th floor away from the front street, with a view into the surrounding streets, etc. ... to the housecleaning staff... The conceirge was especially helpful, even if she was busy with everyone asking her the usual touriste questions, etc.The free wireless Internet in the lobby and rooms worked well, although it could be slow sometimes. The only complaint that we had was the sticky bathroom window. Being an old hotel, it still has wooden sliding windows so if you wanted to vent the steam and moisture from the shower, you need to open the window... even the few inches allowed from the bottom. But opening the window could be a challenge if you aren't strong or stubborn enough: the wooden frame needs lubrication... and slides closed again overnight.Finally, if you are thinking of taking the BART from SFO to this Union Square hotel... it might be better to take a shuttle service. BART now costs $8.10 each from the Airport to the Union Square station, then a 4+ block walk uphill in places to the Sir Francis Drake hotel. My wife and I decided to use the shuttle service reserved for us by the conceige the day before our departure. It was well worth the $17 each for door-to-door shuttle service. In fact, since we were going to rent a car from the airport for the next part of our vacation, it was worth tipping the shuttle driver who took us directly to the actual car rental area next to the airport.As noted elsewhere, parking in downtown San Francisco can be expensive: this hotel charges $48day for parking. Other hotels charge $55 to $58... that's why we didn't rent a car for our trip until we were going elsewhere (Silicon Valley and Monterey) afterwards.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great central hotel	I stayed here for three nights. Our room was comfortable although it was on the small side. The location of this hotel is excellent - near to the shops and cable cars. The staff were really helpful with advice about getting around the city. I would be happy to stay here again.	
Aug 21 2009 	Beautiful hotel but the walls were thin and the street noise loud.	The suite was lovely. The lobby and lounge area were beautiful. I'm sure the hotel is quite old but the walls were very thin and you could hear other neighboring guests too well! There also the typical street noise. It seemed like the garbage trucks run throughout the night in downtown San Francisco.	
Aug 17 2009 	Charming historical hotel in the heart of Union Square	We have just returned from a five night stay at this lovely hotel, it is right smack bang in the heart of Union Square, close to all the shops, bars and restaurants. Our seventh floor room was nice and clean and had a super comfy bed, the communal areas of the hotel are spectacular and you can spend ages looking up at the ceiling, it is just so grand! We used the bar once which was lovely and ate in Scala's Bistro which is connected to the hotel - the food was great!The tram stops right outside the hotel which is handy (if you are lucky enough to get a space) and pier 39 is walkable if you are fit and able-bodied enough to conquer the hills! Otherwise all the tour buses stop just across the road at Union Square!	
Aug 13 2009 	Great stay lovely hotel perfect location wonderful city	We spent 4 nights at this lovely hotel and cannot recall any fault. Its location was so handy and allowed us to do everything we had planned without any issues. The staff were pleasent and efficient and we look forward to returning at earliest oppertunity.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great location	A slightly out dated room decor , in need of a little tlc but the communal areas looked good and the staff were helpful and the location is fantastic alongside the powell cable car tracks just a few blocks from the bart and right beside the downtown area whilst not quite as noisy as union square itself. There's a Starbucks outside the building on the ground floor and a walgreens oppoosite that makes for budget snacks if like us you have a budget to work too.	
Aug 9 2009 	We loved this hotel	We stayed here 29/7 - 1/8 (3 nights) and really enjoyed this hotel.We booked a queen room, and yes it was small, but enough space for the two of us to put our suitcases out and move around. More importantly though, it was clean. I guess the King rooms would be bigger, but this is not important to us on holiday as we tend to get up early and go to bed late so the room for us is only a place to sleep.Again the bathroom was tiny, but no big deal as it was spotless. We didn't eat a the restaurant or make it up to the nightclub so I can't comment on these.Location was great, one block from Macy's, Tiffany etc Cable car runs out the front, and it is only a couple of blocks walk (downhill) to the start of the cable car line and the ticket office to buy a MUNI pass. I didn't ask if they sold the MUNI passes at the hotel as it was an afterthought, but it would be great if they did. We will stay here again on our next visit to San Francisco.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Location Great Experience	We stayed here for three nights and had a thoroughly great stay. I knew from reviews it was an old hotel so the rooms would be smaller but the King Room was ideal size for the two of us. The lifts were great, the lobby was what every hotel has aspired to be ever since the built the Drake. The beds were fantastic after a day of sightseeing. Bathroom was smallish but fine, Had a corner room, I didn't hear any noise due to wearing ear plugs but my partner said it was fine. Staff were friendly and approachable. Location was ideal...we caught a lot of cable cars and buses, but walked to the BART station,ferry building, north beach, coit tower from the hotel easily. Internet was easily accessible and free to join up and then use for free!! We would have no hesitation from staying again. Thanks to Patrick and his staff.	
Aug 6 2009 	Found the Hotel staff friendly and very helpful.	Nice hotel, Decorated to pre war era within the main lobby area. Rooms clean and housekeeping calls everyday. cannot fault the staff in anyway. Room decor could do with a little TLC though. Location excellent for getting around the rest of the city. Parking a little expensive at $52 per night inc Tax if you are staying for more than a few days. I parked the car at another hotel just down the road for half the price.	
Aug 4 2009 	Not overly impressed	Stayed here through a package deal for The Phillies. Read the reviews and probably would not have chose to stay here on my own. We are used to small rooms because we stay in NYC alot. So that was not an issue. We thought the staff was helpful. When we arrived our rooms were not ready. When we did get checked in our bags were waiting for us in our room!I agree with past reviews that this Hotel needs an upgrade. I try not to be too picky but the rugs in the lobby and hallways were filthy. Our TV was horrible! Could bearly get the remote to change channels. All in all kinda just dingy and depressing.Ammenities were pretty bad. One small bar of soap and shampoo that was made in China. No lotion. Our last day there were also no washcloths left from maid service the day before.Would most likely choose a different hotel if we were to return to San Francisco, just to be a little more comfortable.	
Aug 2 2009 	Excelente location historical building	Great if you want a great location - close to Union Square. Room was relatively small, but expected for downtown San Francisco. Room was clean, but overall the hotel is old.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great experience	Traveled to San Francisco with my wife and friends. We all stayed at the Drake. We found this to be an extremely enjoyable experience and would recommend it highly to anyone looking for a unique experience. Yes the rooms were a bit small, but they were nicely furnished and comfortable. From our room we could see the bay and part of Union Square. We will stay here again! Our friends also enjoyed this hotel!	
Jul 30 2009 	Great location small rooms few amenities	Stayed at this Kimpton property for the first time this week after great experiences at other Kimpton hotels (the Hotel Monaco in Portland, OR for example). The location is excellent, right off Union Square, on the Powell Street cable car line. However, the rooms are very small. The bathroom was tiny, and in disrepair - I noted loose tiles, heavily chipped wood moldings around the door, etc. The water pressure was minimal in the shower. The room was quiet, but there was no coffee/hot water maker, no newspaper (at checkout when I commented, the clerk indicated that the guests grabbed the ones in the lobby in the morning, and when they ran out that was it. Wifi in the rooms is free if you sign up for the Kimpton In Touch program.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great location/comfortable room	Read these reviews prior to booking and Yes - room was small (like an old European hotel but updated a bit) but agreed location was PERFECT! Bed v. comfortable but little drawer space in the room and ended up living partially out of suitcase for 1 wk. Housekeeping v. good. DON'T VALET! Costs too much $$ - use White House Garage on Sutter/Grant or equivalent for savings. Safety depost box available at front desk, not in room. Scala's Bistro was good but overrated re: food. Harry Denton's Starlight Room a MUST for dancing, elegant club, cocktails/view. Overall v. good experience and would return/recommend for price.	
Jul 23 2009 	Manage your expectations then enjoy...	We traveled to SF on leisure in mid-June. We had some mix-ups on our airline reservations and found ourselves needing a hotel for an extra evening. Unfortunately this extra evening practically double the price of the room, and so at a related-Kimpton hotel, our reservationist recommended Sir Francis Drake. We did what most do, went online and read Trip Advisor, all the reviews, considered location (EXCELLENT!) and price, and decided it was worth the risk. Our first trip to SF we asked for a view that would be suggested, and booked a King room. Check-in was a breeze, the room (2008) was simply incredible (check out pictures) - and yes, was the room small compared to newer hotels? Sure. Was the bathroom small? Sure. Did it cause us to get out and enjoy our vacation? SURE!The location, the views, the courteous staff, concierge with bus and train information - all were bonuses. We were actually warned about the club being right above us, and yes one evening we had our own celebration in our room with a little bass for effect - and didn't have a problem with it. Eddy the beefeater was amazing, great tips and tricks for everything we asked. He earned his tip for sure, and PLEASE check with the beefeater for bus tickets, etc that may not be used up before you buy...Is the hotel new? No, but it doesn't advertise to be such. Is it clean? We didn't have any issues at all. Was there paint peeling? Sure, in a few places - but determine your reservations on what your expectations are, then enjoy your time! Our room may have been a little small for our entire family, but it was PERFECT for just us 2. We will definitely stay again!	
Jul 19 2009 	Cool old hotel...50/50 stay	The positives first:-GREAT location near Union Square, shopping, Convention Center-really cool 1920s architecture and feel throughout particularly in lobby bar-restaurant is simply phenominal!-Starlight Lounge has awesome near 360 degree view of San Francisco from 23rd floor-fun funky decor in rooms-a bellman one day and a maintenance guy the next day offered to go to another floor and fill my ice bucket when machine on my floor was empty...very impressive!The negatives second:-room was very small and wall paper, baseboards and furniture somewhat worn; however, colleague got a corner room which was HUGE with windows down two sides of the room and the room was in good condition-no coffee makers in roomThe 50/50 third...I'm still scratching my head over these:-the &quot;famous&quot; beefeater door man is Jeckyll &amp; Hyde...there are three guys who donn the suit and assist guests in and out of the Drake; two of these guys always greet everyone with a smile and helping hand, the other is a frowning grouch who would often try to avoid eye contact as not to be of assistance-the front desk staff and housekeeping are really helpful, knowledgeable and quick one minute and completely non-responsive the next; for example, upon check in, you can request a coffee maker delivered to your room for no additional charge...housekeeping replenished my coffee and condiments the next day but replaced nothing in my colleagues rooms, the next day housekeeping did not replace my coffee or condiments and still did nothing for my colleagues; I called about having our coffee and condiments replenished, I was assured that we all would have coffee and condiments replaced the next day...only decaf was left for me with still nothing for my colleagues-Concierge was completely hit or miss from one day to the next...one day, they would respond immediately with show ticket or restaurant info and the next day, they would not answer the phone or return phone messagesAll in all, the Sir Francis Drake is a pretty cool stay in a perfect location in the GREAT city of San Francisco. I would stay there again.	
Jul 19 2009 	Bed bug bites everywhere.	The hotel laocation was great but I ended up with bed bug bites all over my body. This completely creeped me out and has NEVER happened at any other hotel I have been at and that includes hotels in Europe and Asia.	
Jul 16 2009 	A Once Elegant Hotel Showing Wear Around the Edges	When hotels were privately, rather than corporately held, the situation at the Sir Francis Drake would never have been allowed to happen. This was once a top-tier hotel which has been allowed to slip a rung where only the guests take notice. The lobby is still opulently appointed, the dress and service provided by desk personnel is flawless, the Beefeaters at the entrance provide the superficial &quot;touch of class&quot;. Alas, the attention to detail doesn't carry through, once you leave the elevator. Doors and jams with chipped paint, bathroom showers with pitted porcelain, and ice machines with distressingly long-term notices indicating breakdown. To be sure, the maids and bellhops do a commendable job, but regrettably, the Drake definitely isn't what it once was.	
Jul 11 2009 	A bit disappointing given the Kimpton reputation	We made our reservation here based upon a special given to Kimpton rewards members. We usually stay at the Argonaut on Fisherman's wharf. Check in was a breeze - the front desk staff was efficient and the doorman was great - as expected based upon our experience with Kimpton hotels.The room was very small - no dresser - so we had to live out of the bags we brought - that was a bit disappointing - but being right off of Union Square made it 'ok'.The bathroom was not completely up to par - being teeny - but again - it's an 80-year old hotel and I was OK with this as well.I found the room acceptable - my wife felt it was a bit 'grotty' or dingy. As an example - the light fixture in the bathroom was rusted and dated. Furniture was not really up to par and some aspects of the room were in poor repair. The curtain tiebacks were not properly attached to the wall - little things that some decent attention to detail could fix and make the experience better overall.Initially I felt the staff was up to Kimpton standards - however, I have one complaint that truly annoyed me. They have a little card in the room - 'let us check you in for our flight home and print your boarding pass' - I thought - &quot;great - they can get us right in for our Southwest flight&quot; - those who fly Southwest know that you want to check in exactly 24 hours in advance so you can get a good boarding number. Well - I discussed this with our front desk guy - Tyler - and he assured me they were used to taking care of this. The day prior to the flight - I went back down and re-iterated my desire that they check us in exactly 24 hours prior so we could get a good boarding number. Again, I was assured by two people at the front desk - no problem - we returned from our tour at 5pm only to discover this had not been done and we lost our opportunity for a good boarding number. Is this a small issue - well - I suppose it could be - the point is that we were assured - twice - that it would be done as we asked - and it was not. This is below the expected Kimpton chain standard of service - and to be perfectly honest - it cost Tyler his $20 tip that I had planned to give him on checkout.On the plus side - the hotel is a classic example of late 20's luxury - the exterior is gorgeous - the lobby is wonderful. There is a very interesting night club on the top floor. The exercise room is top notch with modern equipment. The doormen dressed in faux Yeoman warder state dress are great. The location can't be beat - close to Chinatown and really, walking distance from most of what you want to see.	
Jul 10 2009 	Staff is awesome	I have travelled extensively both in Canada and the United States and a bit in Europe as well and although I have stayed in nicer hotels (and certainly far worse) I have never stayed in a hotel with nicer staff than the Sir Francis Drake Hotel. They were extremely friendly and most helpful with whatever request we had. Their recommendations for dinner or a place to go just for a drink were wonderful and we loved each and every one. This hotel is also so centrally located you can walk to almost everything. We had dinner in their restaurant our last evening in San Francisco and the only thing better than the food was the service.	
Jul 9 2009	The hotel staff couldn't do enough for my wedding guests. They went over the top in service!	This is the perfect hotel to choose if you are arranging a hotel for guests attending a family wedding. Customer service is first rate at the &quot;Drake&quot;. The hotel did everything possible to make my guests in 29 rooms happy, comfortable and content. The staff was informative, helpful, friendly, always positive and wanting to please. It's a great atmosphere, warm cozy and the lobby lounge area an ideal location for a &quot;meet and greet&quot;. Lauren, in group sales, was refreshing and made every accomodation to make our special occasion perfect. I highly recommend the Sir Francis Drake. I wouldn't hesitate to come back to the hotel on my next visit to San Francisco. Kudos to all!	
Jul 9 2009 	Good Basic Hotel	We stayed at the Sir Francis Drake for one week with a 4 year old and a 5 year old in mid June. The first thing that struck us was how friendly the staff were. This is the strongest point of the hotel. The rooms are tiny - the bathroom is so small that they can only place a soap and shampoo amenity in the bathroom as there is no room for any extra amenities however a shower cap would have been handy. You also need to walk into the bathroom and shut the door to reach the toilet which with small kids who all need to go at once is a bit of a hassle and we had a few jammed fingers. The rooms are clean - not sparkling clean but have a decent level of cleanliness. Dust build up was on the minibar snacks and the under shelves of the TV cabinets as well as under the bed. We had to move the beds to allow enough room to move around the room.The lobby area is a bit dark and gloomy and you immediately feel that the hotel is run down because of this. The hotel is not rundown but could do with a bit of rejuvenation to freshen up the public areas. All of this is overcome by the friendliness of the staff.Valet parking is very expensive - $45 and when we walked around the corner we saw most of the local parking stations offering a $30 overnight rate for local hotel guests. There is a Starbucks in the building which is handy. Dont be fooled by the guidebooks promoting the restuarant across the road - Sear's which has a specialty of small pancakes. The staff are so rude - very off hand. The pancakes take like a cheap processed packet mix and are overpriced.Head to the Ferry Building for some great easy dining experiences ( try Newtons Refresher) or for pancakes try Stacks.I would not recommend the Sir Francis Drake for families as the rooms are just too small.	
Jul 7 2009 	Nice Hotel In A Great Location	Location, location, location is what it's all about. Great upscale shopping steps away and within walking distance to China Town. Hotel room was nice. If your looking for new I would look elsewhere. We had an executive suite ....well worth it for the price as the average rooms are small. The bathroom leaves a lot to be desired as it is small with NO counter space at all. Hotel staff is great and out to please. Overnight parking is a joke if you have a rental car. We paid $52 per night for the parking alone. I would recommend renting a car just for the day if you want to escape the city. Enterprise rental car is 2 blocks away and located in Hotel Nico. The hotel can be noisy as the trolley cars run until midnight and run right in front of the hotel. We didn't take the trolley car as it is $5.00 each way per person and they were always crowded. We could get a cab ride to Fisherman's Wharf for $8 for the 3 of us.	
Jul 7 2009 	Classy and sweet hotel	I travelled with my husband to San Fran for business and leisure and we stayed at the Drake. The room we got was one of the smaller rooms, but I honestly did not mind. It was cosy and if anyone has stayed in hotels in NYC, they are very similar. I mean really at the end of the day, you do not spend much time in there anyway. Our only complaint was that after a couple of days we noticed our AC was not working and so our room was often too warm. We called the front desk and they switched us to another room with a king bed, which was bigger. The rooms are tastfully decorated. Some other reviews complained about noise and while you could hear some the street noise, it was not overly loud and that is what you expect when you stay in a major city hotel. When I heard the cable cars go by and the &quot;DING DING&quot; it made me hum the RICE A RONI song, it was hilarious!We heard some &quot;noise&quot; from another room next to us and it was the kind of noise where you wish you had ear plugs or for some maybe not (if you know what I mean) but again, it is a hotel so not entirely surprising! Its close to everything downtown, shops, union square, restaurants, transportation. We went up to the Starlight room for dancing and drinks, we dined at the bistro downstairs and also had drinks at the bar in the lobby. So if you don' t feel like venturing out into the city, you have everything in the hotel in terms of good food and drink.There is Star bucks attached to the hotel for you coffee addicts and a Walgreens across the street for all those forgotten items.I also used the fitness center, which was outfitted with cardio machines, tvs, free weights, and a conditioning machine. As an animal lover, I also love that they are pet friendly and I saw a few people with their dogs coming and goingOh and the wireless internet was free, which is a plus as many hotels charge a fee.Overall a great hotel and great stay.	
Jul 6 2009 	Small room but great location!	Hotel is right in the heart of the everything! No need for a rental car. We arrived early (10:30am) and our room was ready. WOW! The front desk service was exceptional. We were looking for a comfortable room, and that is exactly what we got. This establishment is a very old building, so don't expect updated rooms. No frills. Our only complaint is that the bathroom was tiny, and took turns getting ready. Also, there was low water pressure in the shower. We spent our days and nights out, so we were rarely in the room anyways. The famous cable cars pass by the front of the hotel and will take you all the way to fisherman's wharf. Did I mention that there is a entrance for Starbuck's on the hotel's LL floor? There is also a night club on the top floor called Starlight. Definitely, don't forget to check that out.	
Jul 2 2009 	Ok but noisy	The plus: location right in the center of SF, cable car in front of the hotel, old world charm beautiful entrance and lobby. Drawback: the noise ! Be sure to ask for a room on the back side (not on Powell street). The hotel is old and the windows are badly isolated. The cable cars on Powell street make a lot of noise. Backrooms are better but isolation between rooms is very poor. If you have a family with several small kids next to you, chances are you won't get much sleep. Unfortunately hotel service is not up to standard. We asked to change rooms because of the noise and were charged a higher rate when checking out because we &quot;asked for an upgrade&quot;. When explaining the situation again, the rate was corrected but this is bad service. Knowing your customers is key. Another example: when arriving at 7 pm they did not have a room available for us. We had to wait half an hour while they were looking for a room and making it ready. For a four star hotel this is not the service you expect. One advise: go to the Vintage Inn in Napa to experience what excellent service is all about. Hotel parking is rip off at 42 dollars a day.	
Jun 20 2009 	an apology would have been nice	My husband and I recently booked a Friday night at the Sir Francis Drake through Hotwire. Admittedly, Hotwire can be a gamble, but the 3.5 star rating assured us that the hotel would be decent at the very least. I loved the location of this hotel and I'd often walked by the impressive exterior so I was excited for our stay. The lobby is pretty, and the front desk staff that checked us in was friendly and efficient. Upon entering the room, we saw what we expected, over the top furnishings and an older small room, but it looked clean and it had been a great deal. Upon closer inspection, however, we noticed a suspicious stain and dried white crusty substance on the upholstered headboard that made me literally gag. My husband called the front desk to say the the bed was not clean and appeared to have dried bodily fluids on the headboard. The front desk attendant (I think a different person than checked us in), didn't really react. He was quiet for a bit, then said 'uh, hold on....yeah, we can put you in a different room, we'll send the keys up', and that was it. I don't like to be &quot;that person&quot; who is never satisfied with service and can't give anyone a break. I understand that it's an old hotel, that we booked on Hotwire, so maybe we're less of a priority to the hotel because we got a cheap rate, and that the filth wasn't his fault, but we were a little shocked that they didn't apologize for the terrible first impression. We thought the person bringing up the new keys would be apologetic and assure us that this experience was an anomaly for the hotel. We sat uncomfortably in the room for 20 minutes...then another 5 at which time we called again to ask if we could get to a new room as we were hoping to get out and enjoy the city instead of sitting in a room where we were uncomfortable touching the furniture. This time, someone came with new keys and showed us to a room down the hall. I guess it was an upgrade? It was a little larger with a better view, but the attendant never indicated that the hotel was sorry for our initial experience or the delay.We spent very little time at the hotel, just slept there and left and never received an apology. I don't know if that would have been different if we hadn't been Hotwire customers, a younger couple, or more demanding to the staff. All it would have taken would have been an acknowledgment that our experience was terrible and atypical and I probably would have been mollified, but we received nothing of the kind.Great value, great location, but I will not be going back or recommending this stay to friends.	
Jun 11 2009 	Needs refurbishing	This has to be one of the noisiest hotels I have stayed in. Single glazed sash windows that didn't close properly = police sirens all night long. If you stay here take ear plugs. Bathroom is the smallest I have seen in any hotel - If I had swung a cat it would have no head. The staff were helpful and pleasant but that is all I can find to recommend this hotel. No coffee makers in rooms, minimal supply of shampoo and soap - one day we were left with only one towel between the two of us - and that was ragged and worn. TV remote was missing from room and it took a long time to get another. Cold, noisy, tiny rooms. Would not go back despite impressive lobby area.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great location - some of the rooms could use some upgrades	My husband and I stayed at the Sir Francis Drake from 5/24 through 5/28. The front desk staff were very nice and helpful. Our room wasn't ready when we arrived, so we ate lunch next door at Scala's (great food, but pricey) and returned to the front desk after 1.5 hours. Our room was still not availalbe, so we did some walking around and came back in a few hours.We were given room 427. As soon as we stepped off the elevator, the floor smelled like old cigarettes and dog. Our room didn't smell much better. We figured since this was an older hotel, all the floors must smell like that. Our bathroom didn't have any outlets which was a huge inconvenience given that I need 2 in order to do my hair. Again, we assumed this was normal for all the room. The street was very noisy at night and kept me up at times.My mother checked in 2 days after we did and was given room 1112. The 11th floor had no smell, her room was much larger than ours, the bathroom had outlets, and it was quiet as could be. That's when we realized that our room wasn't all that fab.The hotel bartenders were excellent, although the lobby is very cold given that the doors are always opening. The hotel location was fantastic - we couldn't have been happier with that.Overall, we'd stay at the Sir Francis Drake again but I'd make sure to ask for a room not on the 4th floor.	
Jun 3 2009 	Good location aging rooms	I spent one night at the Drake on a business trip in June, 2009. The location is excellent: half a block up from Union Square, on the Powell Street cable car line, and easy walking distance to BART (great for connecting to SFO). You can hoof it to the Moscone Center without problem, but it'll take you 15-20 minutes. The staff were friendly and helpful.The room, though, was not so great. It was very small, and the bathroom was tiny. There was also a lot of street noise despite being on the 15th floor. Wi-fi was available and worked well, although it cost $10/day. Why is it that wi-fi is free in cheap hotels and costs money in expensive ones?Bottom line: the place has its charm, and is probably OK if you're here visiting SF for fun. For a business traveler I'd probably recommend a different hotel.	
May 25 2009 	Excellent location confortable old style hotel	Excellent location, confortable old style hotel and clean.We definately return if we come back to San Francisco again.	
May 22 2009 	Nice but tired	This is a limited service, old and tired hotel. The lobby is quite stylish and I loved the location. The staff that we met (check-in, doorman and bar) were all very friendly and helpful. That said, the room was very tired and desperately in need of a renovation. Almsot ratty. But it was clean and the price was great (about $110/night) so i can't complain. Location is fantastic right on the cable line and in the heart of Union Square making it easy to get everywhere you might want to visit.I would recomment this place if you find a cheap room - if rates were higher, I would probably go elsewhere.	
May 22 2009 	A malnourished aging royalty: glamorous lobby with ill-maintained rooms	I had often wondered how lovely it would be to stay at the Drake. The lobby looked so old-style glamorous every time I walked by, and you couldn’t beat the location. Last weekend we decided to stay in the city for my birthday and there we were, Sir Francis Drake. Yes, the location was extremely convenient: We simply parked our car (we parked at a nearby garage; it’s cheaper than the hotel valet) and walked everywhere. Yes, the lobby was stunning. We sat at the lobby lounge enjoying the incredible architectural details whole morning. And no, the room was nothing like that.The check-in was easy; the staff was friendly. The room… hmm, how should I put this? “Out-dated” was an understatement. It was like an aging royalty who had been starving for decades— a pretty façade upfront yet extremely malnourished internally. First, the room was small: The width of the room was not adequate to accommodate a king bed and two night stands, so they only had one— and the nightstand was awkwardly placed with half of it stuck out in the pathway. The bathroom was the worst: the bathtub was badly chipped, so was the doorframe. Instead of fixing the problems, they simply painted over. They did the same thing to the window— not the window frame, the actual window glass: The window glass was painted over with a thin layer of paint for some “coverage”. No window treatment. However, we did like the room that was very bright. Our corner room lit up in the morning and set up a cheerful mood for the day. Suddenly the chipped bathtub did not bother me as much.The Drake was part of the Kimpton Hotels, so I was expecting some personal touch. Here it was: While checking in, they gave us a small bottle of water and ONE complementary drink (interesting quantity considering it’s a double capacity with two nights stay.) We found the perfect solution: My husband had the water, and I enjoyed the drink at the lounge. We did get the chance to check out the Starlight Club. The view was gorgeous; however, there was no live jazz that night. The drinks were inconsistent but hey, it’s a night club. Overall, we still had a good time with my “aging royalty”. Will we go back? Probably not.	
May 14 2009 	Old Elegance at a great price and well located	The lobby of this hotel is beautiful with a 1920-30's elegance and well maintained. The service was friendly and we received a free upgrade which graciously came with some free macoroons, bottled water, a glass of wine and a discount at their restaurant, compliments of the Kinpton Club member who cancelled at the last minute and we inherited their room. The only complaint was the very small bathroom and loose mirror.that fell. Perfect location to walk to the Chinatown, all the major shops are within a few blocks and the cable car to Fisherrman's Wharf is right at the corner. There is also several tour buses (hop on hop off) one block away. I would highly recommend this hotel for it's value and location but keep in mind it is a 3 1/2 star hotel. If you are used to 4 stars or more, consider the Westin just down the block.	
May 13 2009 	Very pleasant place to to stay	My wife and I stayed in a deluxe queensize suite for 5 days. Our room was small but besides that it was clean, smelled good and the bathroom was impecable. With closet and the drawers made available there was room enough to put away all our things. Our room was cleaned every morning and we recieved new towels everyday. This hotel is centrally located and all of SF is a hop and a skip from here.Went down to the hotel's Drake bar a few times and ordered exotic drinks and had a fun time with the bartender..Definitely would go back.	
May 7 2009 	A great hotel close to Union Square and Chinatown for a great value.	My girlfriend and I was in San Francisco for an overnight trip. I found this hotel for just a hundred dollars a night. It is very close to Union Square and withing walking distance to Chinatown. The Cable Car runs right in front of the hotel, so you can catch it to Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39. Also you can catch to 38 bus one block away on Geary St. to go to Japan Town. The hotel lobby was huge and very nice. The person checking us in was friendly, and we got there to the hotel at noon and was able to get a room. The room was on the 10th floor and a little on the small side. It was fine with us because we were not there to stay in the room most of the time. We wanted to get as much done in the city before we left the next day. The bathroom was a little small, but there was a full bathtub. Closet space was normal size. Overall I would stay at this hotel again in the future if the price doesn't go up too much. Oh yeah and the internet is wireless and free if your computer has a wi-fi card.	
May 2 2009 	Disappointing not of Kimpton standard	The room I was originally given was small, like Hong Kong hotel small, and the bathroom smelt like someone was smoking in there. So I asked to change to a different room. Took the bellhop 25 mins to come up to the room with the key to the new room... except he didn't know which room! So it was almost 45 mins later before my check-in process was officially completed. It set the tone for the rest of the stay - I was not impressed... at all.	
Apr 28 2009 	WOW... Great historic hotel and fantastic service to boot!	The hotel is awesome. Amazing value for the money. The rooms were great. The service was exceptional. All staff attentive and totally focused on the customer. I was there attending RSA and my mum joined me for the week. We had a wonderful time and she felt extremely safe and well cared for in the hotel. I highly recommend this hotel as a regular visitor to san francisco. We stayed in an interior room which was far less noisy than the outside rooms due to the nature of the city..	
Apr 24 2009 	Awesome Location Should Be In The Top Ten!!	This was a great motel, easy to find as we had not driven in San Francisco before so was daunting.The rooms are clean, nicely decorated and comfy beds!Yes the rooms are small but you should be out exploring San Fran not sitting in your room!The cable car stops (sort of pauses!) right out the front.Starbucks, and chemist very close and across the road from Sears which had the nicest breakfast we had all holidays.Very quick walk to shops and observatory.Would stay here again definately.	
Apr 22 2009 	Bet Lynch Bathrobes	Wanted a hotel close to Union Square but away from the tenderloin area. My wife and I were in town for a days shopping and wanted to stay over for dinner. After a big American welcome from the Beefeater checking in was a little confusing as the desk guy was under pressure. We dropped our bags and said we would get our room later. Back in the hotel we went to our room with a view - well sort of. We requested a union square view however all we got was the top of Macy's and the cheescake factory. The rooms themselves were old, dated, quite clean but just not great. We all like a bit of charater however when you get a bad feeling about the batroom that's not good. The bathrobes were very dodgy leopardskin type cotton things from a bad 1970's porn movie.Going to the front desk to ask for some information was a challenge. The lady on reception just was not interested in giving us any information and was quite dismissive.All in all the location was great. The hotel lobby is fantastic charater and the elevators are really full of character. The lobby gives you a sense of being in a 1920's hotel. Just a pity about the rooms.	
Apr 15 2009 	Nice hotel good location	For the rate, the hotel is nice. Could use a paint job and some updating, but perfect location and good staff.	
Mar 28 2009 	Good price and perfect location	The Drake is a perfectly located hotel, that is not bad value for money. I stayed here with my girlfriend for several nights and for the right price, would stay again.The hotel is perfectly located. There's a cable car line on your doorstep, and several major stores lie a matter of minutes away. San Francisco isn't huge, and if you don't mind spending the day on your feet, most of the major sights are within walking distance. The downside of this, was being woken up by general noise or sirens every morning.Hotel has a grand lobby and staff were all extremely courteous. They checked us in early, free of charge, and the concierge arranged several excursions for us.Our room was tiny, but clean and the bathroom was adequate. Walls were paper thin however, and we were woken one night to a drunk &quot;neighbour&quot; screaming obscenities.If you want to stay central without spending all your money on accommodation, the Drake is a perfect option.For people on their first trip to the US and looking to enjoy a &quot;big&quot; American meal, I recommend the Cheescake Factory (two minutes from the Drake). Don't be offput by the name, they serve an array of foods, and it is one of very few restaurants I have eaten at where I couldn't finish my dish.	
Mar 21 2009 	OK Hotel in a cool location	Hotel is ok,, probably on a par to a good 3 star in the UK. The Cocktail bar and restaurant on the top floor (16th) i think is great at night with views over the city. Cocktails were reasonable as well.Rooms a little dated but in the heart of S/F and 2 minutes walk from Macys.	
Mar 20 2009 	Beautiful hotel in great location - a bit rough around the edges	My wife and I stayed at the Sir Francis Drake because she had a conference that was hosted their. I tagged along and we made a long weekend of it. As most of the other reviewers note, this is a charming place. I'm really happy that historic places like this still exist and that we can stay in them. Our room was not at all tiny. It was immaculately clean. The beds were super comfy and the decor was really really cool. You don't feel compelled to take pictures of your room at most hotels - at least most of the places we stay at. Our room at the SF Drake was that cool.I see another reviewer mention that he got a coffee machine sent up. I wish I would have read that before we stayed. Our room had no coffee maker and we are marginally addicted to coffee. It seemed odd at the time and as small a thing as that is, it was a drag to have to trek downstairs and around the corner to the [evil national coffee chain with great coffee] and fork over cash for coffee. What kind of hotel does not even have a pot of coffee in the lobby? The other horrifying experience was on the Saturday night of our stay. The guests next door decided to have a small party - the noises of which flowed directly into our room. Now this is a *highly* crappy situation. We were exhausted from a hard day of being tourists, but sleeping with that going on was impossible. We are hardly &quot;light sleepers&quot; as we live in Chicago near the el and on a rather busy street. Anyway, after trying to ignore it for as long as we could we finally called the front desk to register a complaint. I feel like a complete jerk doing something like that, but I was tired and crabby and probably out-numbered so I was not about to do the human thing and confront our neighbors about it personally. Minutes go by, an hour - nothing changed. I call again and then about 30 min later things quiet down next door. I may be spoiled, but that sort of thing is a huge drag. I realize that a hotel can't know who is gonna do what in their rooms, but once a situation like that is brought to their attention it should be resolved more or less immediately, not an hour and a half later. And if it does take that long to resolve at least some kind of gesture of apology is in order.Those two small factors weighed pretty heavily in my decision to give this place an overall rating of &quot;Average&quot; it is really an above average hotel with an above average number of both charms and flaws.	
Mar 14 2009 	Clean nice room excellent service great location.	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a couple of days. The room was pretty and modern. The bed was excellent and I had no trouble falling asleep. The bathroom was a little small but was very clean and nice. We had some of the best service in all of the hotels I have stayed in. The location is prefect, its close to the Bart, all the shopping, and everything. And the restaurant downstairs was really delicious ( and a little pricey).	
Mar 13 2009 	Tiny rooms with a bad draft.	We stayed here for a couple of cold and wet nights over Valentines Day. We were on the second floor in a very tiny room. The beds were very comfortable, but after 2 nights we felt very cramped - the bathroom was very small although it did have a tub, although the room could use a really thorough cleaning.The biggest problem was the bed was directly under a very drafty window which made sleeping very chilly. It didn't matter how high the heat was set the draft chilled us to the bone! Also there was only 1 working ice machine and it was on the 7th floor.The location was great, but I think I would choose a different hotel next time.	
Mar 5 2009 	Perfect! Wonderful staff hotel and location	We had a fabulous time at the SFD. I see so many people complaining about such minor things, that it just irks me. THIS IS AN OLD, HISTORIC HOTEL! If you want a brand new hotel, book one! This hotel was exactly what WE expected! We loved the older ambiance about it. It was clean and gorgeous. You can really see the history from the moment you walk in the lobby. The staff was helpful any time we needed anything, from the check in staff, to the lobby bartender to the staff in the Starlight room. We felt like we became almost friends with several of them! We had a corner room, which was perfect. No, the rooms aren't huge, but who goes to SF to stay in their room? The bed was fantastic! The bathroom was small but just fine for us. Scalas had a wonderful breakfast, and service was fast. All in all, I can say that SFD made our trip even more memorable, and we will continue to go back on each and every trip.Thanks to all of you staff members - we loved you all!!!	
Mar 3 2009 	Don't believe the bad reviews!!!	We were given a reservation at the Sir Francis Drake by Priceline. After reading several reviews absolutely trashing the hotel, I was beginning to get a little nervous. After three nights at the Drake, I must say that I would not want to travel with the people writing these insanely negative reviews. Nit-picky beyond belief.Anyways, we really liked the hotel. It had an old-school charm and character to it (having been around since the 20s). Every staff member we ran into at least said hello and most asked if we needed anything.The room itself was not too small. We had a regular king room. It was also not overly noisy. The room was facing in towards the hotel (as opposed to out towards the street) and we weren't too close to the lounge upstairs. This is an old hotel that does has some obvious sings of age but our overall experience was great. Location is perfect as a home base for seeing the city.So in conclusion, don't believe all the negativity. Don't complain when you stay during a big travel weekend because everything is going to be crowded and noisy. If you need a huge room then you're not getting outside enough.Sir Francis Drake is awesome!	
Feb 26 2009 	Billed for newspaper?	The only minor criticism is that in the folder with your keycard, it says that &quot; I have requested delivery of the NY Times. If refused, a credit of $0.25 (weekdays) or $1.25 (Sunday) will be applied.&quot; The man at the front desk admitted that they're not delivering newspapers to your door any longer. He gladly gave me a $1.25 credit on my bill. I'd suggest you ask for it too.	
Feb 20 2009 	The cacaphony was unbearable	I stayed two nights in a cramped, tiny room, with mold slowely seeping out of the shower drain, The view was spectacular (20th floor) unfortunately nobody mentioned the very, very loud night club was located on the 21st floor. The noise woke me several times. When I complained about it at checkout the staff member asked me and I quote &quot;What is your problem man?&quot; Well my problem is that I didn't read this review before I stayed at the hotel.	
Feb 20 2009 	great hotel	We stayed at this hotel in November 08, this was our 3rd visit to the city and 1st time at this hotel, we'd previously stayed at the Westin St Francis and the Cartwright hotel.We arrived just after noon on a Saturday for a 2 night stay, our room was not yet ready since we were early so we stored our bags and went our for a walk, it really was a beautiful day. We came back around 47 and our room was still being serviced so we were offered complimentary drinks while we waited (only around 20mins) When we got to our room we were more than happy, it was two floors below the starlight room and had a great view of Union Square, powell street and macys. The room was a 'king tower' had plenty of space and was well maintained, It took a couple of hours for our bags to be brought up to our room, this did take a phone call too but was met immediate action. We did not eat at the hotel, but did have drinks, the bar and lobby area are small but had a great atmosphere, the hotel is in a great location for Union Square, the cable car stopped outside and there is a walgreens right across the street for anything you needed. Overall, this hotel has far more positives than negatives about it, the downside was the wait for the room and the wait for the bags but we were on vacation so why let it bother you and the pleasant and helpful staff more than made up for this. I'd certainly pick this hotel over the Westin and would recommend it to anyone looking for somewhere to stay.	
Feb 16 2009 	Excellent hotel and great location	Stayed here for a week in July 2008, primary reason for being in SFO was a business trip but stayed on with my wife to see the city. Location is great - just a block off Union Square - and it's very good value for this area. San Francisco is a terrific city with loads to do and the concierge was very helpful. The Starlight room is on the top floor - just find out what's on each night and you're likely to find something you like. Just across the road is a great little place for breakfast called Sears (famous for pancakes), It's well worth a visit even if you have to queue which is the norm during busy periods. The Hotel bar is simple and small but the barman makes a good cocktail and there is also an italian restaurant attached to the hotel (separately run I think). The room - a Tower Queen room which we were upgraded to by the manager (a thorough professional) was of ample size and very comfortable - however the bathroom was small with limited storage space, but that did not bother us. Altogether a great experience and we would return to the SFD again. By the way - if you're planning on walking and sightseeing, we found the weekly travel pass very useful and great value (unlimited rides on Bart, F, Trolley car). Although Fisherman's wharf is not idea of a day out, it's worth taking the trolley there and having an Irish Coffee in The Buena Vista. And for the Italian touch with the great sense of cultural history, try an Espresso at Cafe Trieste on 601 Vallejo Street.	
Jan 29 2009 	Insufferable noise incompetent staff	My experience was very similar to RoColorado's (1/19/09 review) - I was attending a meeting at the hotel so I stayed there, found a friendly checkin staff, nice lobby, and shabby, cramped, business-unfriendly, unbelievably noisy room. I'd asked at checkin if there was a coffeemaker in the room, and when the checkin clerk said there was not, I requested one. Housekeeping brought it up quickly, but it was an ancient model that looked like it had not been cleaned in months. (Cloudy decanter, coffee stains all over the device, etc.) Then I noticed that they'd only brought two packs of decaf, so I had to call down again to Housekeeping for regular coffee. This time it took them about half an hour to bring. And no place in the room to put the coffeemaker with a plug accessible to the short cord.The next problem - discovering that there was no wireless reception in the room for internet connection, and no wall cable connection for backup. Another call to the front desk, and they say they'll send up a signal booster device to connect. A half hour for this delivery also; and the staff guy who delivered the device (right on the footsteps of the Housekeeping guy with the coffee) apologized that he &quot;hadn't been trained in how to use it&quot; so he couldn't explain it but could send up an engineer. Never mind the engineer, the wireless still didn't work even with the booster device. Net result: no internet service, no ability for me to work. Those two experiences already turned me against the place, but what moves this review irretrievably to one star was the unbearable, inexcusable noise.I was in room 1116, a corner room on the 11th floor. The building directly across Sutter Street was being remodeled or rebuilt or something. There was construction work going on literally all night: a crane parked at the corner of Powell and Sutter, digging and banging and beeping and pounding, workers yelling, all until 3:45 a.m. It would have been impossible to sleep while that was going on unless I was dead drunk, which I was not; I could not get to sleep until 4 a.m. The management response to RoColorado's complaint about the same thing would be a joke if it wasn't a lie. This was not traffic noise, cable cars, or the &quot;general excitement of the city.&quot; It was a 50-foot crane doing heavy construction work, including posthole digging, overnight from 11 p.m. to 4 a.m., RIGHT UNDER MY WINDOW. The hotel must have known this work was going on, and should have warned me of the noise and offered a different room even if it was at a different rate. That they did not is inexcusable.I can't remember a worse noise experience in decades of business and pleasure travel. The age and history of the hotel is no excuse: there are plenty of hotels in SF that combine age and character with business-friendly rooms, the Palace where I stay frequently being an obvious example, and that's without even mentioning the more modern chain hotels that are better equipped with desk furniture, electric and internet outlets, and of course soundproof rooms. Sorry, Drake, you fail.	
Jan 29 2009	Central location cheap price	You can’t miss this hotel, because it is located right in the heart of San Francisco, 2 mins walk from Union Square. I traveled alone so I booked a single room. It was so small that I could barely get into the bed room, but the furniture, bed and bathroom were brand new and super comfortable, free wireless came as an additional perk.Concierge service was very professional, they weren’t able to accommodate one of my requests so instead of leaving a massage in my room, they called me directly to inform me and inquire about the alternative plan.	
Jan 29 2009	Missing diamond studs	In town for Thanksgiving with my daughter. Saturday night when I returned to room, my earrings were gone from their bag. Immediately filed incident report, which was ignored. Finally sent certified letter to which hotel responed there was no &quot;negligence&quot; on their part.	
Jan 26 2009 	Loved The Drake	Stayed here the weekend before Christmas as I was in town seeing a play. From the moment I stepped into the hotel every went out their way to make sure that everything was going well. There was a bit of a line in checking in and I was checking in a bit late, aside from a person trying to cut in front of me the staff was just great.Going into this I knew the rooms were a bit smaller than a modern hotel as this is a classic hotel. I really enjoyed the stay the beds were so great. I will return in fact got a reservation for April when I am back in the city to see Wicked.	
Jan 20 2009	Fantastic Old Hotel	The lobby is beautiful. We had a King room on the 4th floor. Room was small but clean and nice. The room was about the same as what we get in Europe.Both of us have mobility problems and the staff was very helpful. Only issue was the street noise, recommend getting a higher floor.The restaurant in the hotel is Scala's. The food is locally grown and very good. They also are hotel's room service.Recommend also going to the Starlight Club. Nightly live jazz and dancing and a fantastic Brunch on Sunday with an upscale Drag Comedy show	
Jan 19 2009 	Small Noisy rooms	I stayed at this hotel because the meeting I was attending was being held there. The front desk staff was very friendly, and the lobby had a fun atmosphere, but that is where it ended. The &quot;deluxe&quot; hotel room I had was small, worn, and noisy. There was nothing &quot;deluxe&quot; about it. Despite being 14 floors up, the street noise was awful and the room was not conducive to working or relaxing. I have stayed in numerous large cities, including NYC and San Francisco, but this was just awful. The carpets were worn and it seemed as though the remodeling that had been completed just masked what was in need of a serious reburbishing. There are so many better choices in the immediate area for comparable if not slightly higher prices. I will not stay there again, I value my comfort too much.	
Jan 1 2009 	the stay at SFDH	I had wanted to go for another hotel which was highly recommended but hubby came across SFDH and would like to try it as the comments were quite ok and the price was also reasonable and union square is just a walking distance!!! and so he booked. Nearer to the date of checking in, i saw some not so good feedbacks abt the hotel and i started to worry... but my worries came to an end when we stepped into the hotel room.. I must say it was small but cosy.. the toilet was small but the cleaniness made up for it.. the location of the hotel is another plus point as there are loads of restaurants everywhere!!! Wal-Green is just opposite the hotel which made it more convenient as it's open 24 by 7.. the cable car stops just right at the doorstep too!!! i would recommend SFDH for the affordable price and great location... I miss SFO...	
Jan 1 2009 	Overly-pretentious indifferent service.	My partner and I chose the Sir Francis Drake because of its reputation as one of the oldest and finest hotels in SF. Unfortunately, while it certainly had quite a history, our stay was forgettable at best, and disillusioning for the most part. To be sure, the location was good. (But there are a ton of other hotels near Union Square.) Rooms were clean, although tiny. Despite our request at the time of booking for a higher floor room, we were put on the 4th floor, where the noise from the cable cars plying Powell Street were in full surround sound. The amenities were also not as the hotel website promised. The complimentary high-speed internet access was not at all stable, and kept falling off. Cable TV was also restricted to CNN and Disney. The corridor smelt funny for a couple of days - like cat food. The staff were also indifferent. Our luggage took 40 minutes to be delivered. Housekeeping continually failed to replenish amenities like shampoo and notepads. Front desk was also incompetent at dealing with customers. At one point, there was a row of customers queueing up to complain about something or other about their room and reservation. We were finally forced to find another hotel to stay for the second of our two-week stay in SF.	
Nov 19 2008 	Old but great	Make no mistake - this is an OLD Hotel and in some areas needs some fairly drastic renovation. With that comment in mind I have to say that I could not fault this hotel in any other respect.I last stayed at the Sir Francis Drake some 40 years ago and since my memory was a little vague, I contacted David Watkins (he was responding to comments on TripAdvisor at the time) for assistance. His response was quick and most helpful. The arrangements he made for me were marvellous and I am sorry he was not there for me to thank him in person. I had a Queen room in the tower block with a view over Union Square. There was some noise from the nightclub 2 floors above but it was tolerable and did not go too late. The bathroom was, as many have commented, small but it was adequate.The hotel staff are excellent in the full Kimpton manner. I had stayed a few weeks before at the Pacific Pallisades in Vancouver and my expectations were high. They were met and exceeded. I should particularly mention the doorman, Tom, in his (fake) Beefeater costume. He was extremely helpful both to guests and in fact to any passer-by who stopped to seek directions and advice.I apologise for getting a window stuck in the open position. which necessitated a call to engineering. Their response was prompt and friendly. However it did illustrate the age of the builing.I would have no problems staying there again.	
Nov 18 2008 	A new favorite in SF	My mom and I met in SF for a long weekend and stayed at the Drake. We absolutely loved this hotel! Prior to booking our room, I signed up with Kimpton's rewards program, which I totally recommend doing! A few days before our trip, I received an email from Kimpton about a one day sale. I was able to book an executive double room for the same price as a standard double, plus we were given 50% off of all bottles of wine while we were there. Check in was a snap; our room was ready, the front desk staff was pleasant and poliet and willing to answer any questions. Kimpton rewards members are given a card for a free glass of wine at the lobby bar, which I quickly put to good use! Our room was great; nice linens on a comfy bed, turn down service with yummy chocolates, enough room for the two of us plus all of our purchases (we did a LOT of shopping). The rooms are typical SF-size. Don't expect a massive room; these are older buildings! We had an issue with the bathroom light shorting out, requiring us to call maintence. The problem was fixed very quickly, and both maintence and our housekeeper stopped by again to ensure that the problem had been resolved and we were happy. We visted Scalas for dinner one night---soooo yummy, I highly recommend it! We also had drinks at the Starlight Lounge, which gives an incredible view of SF. We also went to Sunday's a Drag (a drag show brunch in the Starlight Lounge). The show was fun, but the buffet was pretty awful. We both said it was the first time we had been to a buffet brunch and left NOT feeling stuffed or really full. Tip: they say the show is sold out as of Saturday evening, but if you show up on Sunday morning, before the show, they usually have a few cancellations and can squeeze you in. We did this and were given a table (in the back, however). Check out was easy-I used to tv menu to do so. They were more than willing to hold our bags while we shopped and had lunch before our flights home. In general, the staff was beyond courteous and helpful. We were really impressed with their attitudes and willingness to answer questions. I'd definately come back to the Drake. It is a fantastic hotel for the money, and we actually enjoyed it a great deal more than the St Francis (our previous favorite), which is great since the Drake is significantly less expensive.	
Nov 15 2008 	great location good value	We stayed for two nights at the hotel in August 2008. We found the location great and it offered good value for money. We had a King Deluxe room which wasn't huge but had all you needed. Would certainly stay there again.	
Nov 12 2008 	Room to Small	My husband and I stayed at the Drake for a long weekend in November. It is in a great location, just off Union Square and right in front of the Powell Street cablecar stop.The staff is very friendly and check in was quick.If you like hotels that aren't cookiecutter and don't mind small rooms you may like this hotel. I have stayed at other Kimpton hotels and quite liked them. I did get a very good rate by booking through their Web site. For this visit I booked a deluxe queen room but was upgraded to a queen room in the tower. The room was quite small with a queen bed and a desk with desk chair. There was no sofa or other chair to sit on and was not room for anything more. The bathroom had a tub that needed to be repainted, a small sink and a toilet. Very little room for toiletries.We had to live out of our suitcase because there was little room for clothing. The wallpaper in the bathroom was gouged in places. The door to the bathroom was difficult to close and stuck when it was finally closed.Overall we had a very nice stay in San Francisco, but I wouldn't book this hotel again because of the small rooms.	
Nov 11 2008 	Very poor	Amazed anyone gives this place a decent write up as you can do so much better in San Francisco. We had a three night booking on business but left after one. It goes wrong from the shabby Beefeaters at the front door. Quite what that has to do with Francis Drake is beyond me. Check in was hopeless. Left to lug cases up long stairs and into the elevator on the first floor. Staff just stood and watched us struggle. Room was appalling. Worn, tatty and VERY small. I dont care if its on Union Square or not, this it looks like something out of a bad porn movie. The bathroom has to be seen to be believed. Its so small you nearly have you feet in the sink if your using the lavatory ! Shower in bath with a grubby curtain. No blinds on windows right in the bath / shower most unnerving. The corridors are simply awful and look years old. Worn and shabby.As for Breakfast ! Well a few boxes of cereal and a couple of bananas in the lobby. Rubbish. Checked out and went to the Omni due to decent reviews here. Miles better for $30 more. Its only saving grace is the very comfortable mattresses.	
Nov 7 2008 	Not to worry!	I was worried when I read some of the reviews for this hotel. When I got there I did feel that our room was small and I was bothered by a lack of comfortable chairs. I went to the front desk and voiced my concerns to Ryan, and was changed to a larger room with two chairs. I could not believe the way that the staff worked to make us feel comfortable and well taken care of. It was truly a pleasure to stay at this very conveniently located hotel. Folks also seemed to be enjoying the Beefeaters, who were very helpful, and I thought that they too recieved some unjust feedback from some other reviews. I think that this hotel is striving to please and is listening to patrons.	
Nov 6 2008 	Up to Expectations	After reading so many reveiews for the SFD we were unsure if we had made the correct decision in choosing to stay here. First of all our cabbie assured us we had chosen the perfect location and that soon became apparant. The area was buzzing! We checked in early evening for a 3 night stay. We were warmly welcomed. We did not receive an upgrade as requested but were assured we had a nice room. I asked if I may have a coffee pot delivered to the room. Which I am very happy to say...was.. and promptly.Our room...a dbl queen was clean, comfortable and quiet. Not spacious but adequate and by no means a surprise after reading posted reviews.We did however have a huge closet to hide away our many travel bags. The lobby is beautiful...Harry Dentons was very nice the view fabulous (although the windows could use some cleaning). The front desk was generally quite accomodating although we did find the consierge somewhat frazzled and unfriendly one evening. And yes, we would stay there again. We found it to be good value. One must keep in mind these 'old dears' are just that...OLD. Expectations should be altered to take that into account.	
Nov 3 2008 	It's a little piece of history...	The rooms are on the small side but in comparison to a NYC, London or Paris hotel...it is comparable. What I enjoyed most was the hospitality. The service wasn't five star, but if you wanted five star, you should have gone to one of the four other luxury hotels. But for the price, you couldn't beat it. And the restaurant was great!! FYI - you can't beat the location!! I was delightfully surprised at the huge tub, the marble floors in the bath, and the view. (corner room). As with all older facilities, yes, there are some small issues, but it's an eighty year old building that has survived. I happen to love older grander hotels with a little bit of edge. If you are like me, you'll love this place. If not, the Westin is just down the road.	
Oct 25 2008 	Good stay except for the bed	My husband and I stayed at the Sir Francis Drake for two nights as part of a driving trip down the coast of California. Though all problems that we had with this hotel were taken care of, I would not stay here again.Our check-in was slow because there were many people in line at the same time. This wasn't anyone's fault, but it was a bit annoying. When we did finally get our room, we noticed that it was a smoking room. We had requested a non-smoking room because smoke really bothers my allergies. When we double-checked with the front desk, they said this was a non-smoking room; however, someone had clearly been smoking in it. They graciously changed our room; however, this one had its own problems.The second room, on its surface, looked ok. It was small but relatively nice -- or at least that's how it looked until we pulled back the comforter on the bed. When we settled in for the evening, we noticed that there was a blood stain and several other white stains on the sheets. We found this absolutely repulsive, but because I was so sick that night, we just threw a towel over it and slept on it anyway. The sheets were changed the next day, and the desk staff was very accommodating, but I would still not stay there again.	
Oct 22 2008 	Past it's Sell by Date	This property has Grand Pretentiousness but it is past it's sell by date.The entrance is grand but drab,The check in old fashioned and un friendly.The Elevators try to trap you between the doors and don't give enough tme to safely get out.The Rooms are adequate, but have no coffee making facility and the smallest bathroom that has ever been designed.Breakfast was a joke. We had coupons as we had booked on a tour and the breakfast included a full American Breakfast. i asked for egg sausage and bacon but was told i could not have two meats ! My wife only wanted fruit but she could not have it as an option to the full American breakfast even though it was less expensive. In the end she ordered an egg with toast from the full American Breakfast then as an idea and I asked her to order sausages which Iate with my bacon !The TV was faulty and the view from the window was bad.Not a place I would wish to return to.	
Oct 22 2008	Excellent hotel	October 1, 2008We stayed in an Executive King which had 2 closets and both a tub/shower and a shower. It was quiet, comfortable and roomy; not much of a view but we didn't spend much time there during the day. Nice mini bar, but we were across from a Walgreen's which we used from time to time. The room was next to the ice machine which was extremely convenient. The hotel is across from Sears Fine Foods which is famous for its breakfasts. We went up to Harry Denton's Starlite Room one evening and enjoyed the fabulous view and had wine and appetizers. Very charming wait people. We used the concierge extensively and he was very helpful and pleasant. Excellent location. We walked to the car rental. We would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 21 2008 	A nice and classic hotel with good location	Nice location near Union Square and Chinatown. Tram station just outside the door. Somewhat small rooms, but hey...you're not supposed to stay in your room! :)	
Oct 18 2008 	Avoid Sir Francis Drake	My sister and I stayed at Sir Francis for two nights and it was by far the worst stay during our month long travel through California. We were especially disappointed because we are used to the good service Kimpton hotels typically provide. At Sir Francis, the doorman literaly watched us to unload our own luggage, I had to drag it a flight of stairs to front desk while nobody offered help. There was no concierge on duty the evening we checked in (we actually stoped for advice in nearby Hotel Monaco). The lady who was a concierge next morning was able to give directions but no recommendations. The room was very small with cracked wall and ceiling, the signature animal print robes were missing and the bathroom was so tiny that one could barely turn around. There was no space to put toiletries - we had to have our quarter ziplog bags on the floor! The tea and coffee which is complimentary in other Kimpton hotels cost $3 a piece but is listed as free on the key pocket. The only useful and friendly members of staff were the valets. We asked for an item from our car and it was brought within 10 min. So was our car every time we asked for it.	
Oct 16 2008 	Excellent location	Really liked this hotel. It was very impressive from the front and the reception area. We'd asked for a &quot;quiet room, away from the street&quot; and that's exactly what we got!! However, we didn't have a proper window in the room (more an impression that there was one!) but this just made us laugh. Rather more unpleasant was that the loo was backed up and we had the engineer in 3 times to sort it ... unsuccessfully. First guy took over an hour to appear, which I wasn't happy about, and then he was rather rude. Second guy came in when we were out and left a right old mess in the bathroom. By the third call, I was losing the will to live! However, the guys on the front desk were fab and eventually relocated us to another room where the loo did work and we had a proper window with a fantastic view. But one for them to note please - next time you have a problem like this, you should move the guest straight away as (1) it was unpleasant when the first engineer stalked out of our room with the toilet rod he'd been using dripping all over the carpet (2) not nice to come back after a pleasant day's sightseeing to have to clean up after engineer number 2. Location of this hotel is just great though. Bar area was fabulous and location to Union Square and the surrounding area was excellent. Can highly recommend the Starbucks next door where the staff were absolutely lovely. Overall, I'd definitely stay here again.	
Oct 15 2008	Nice hotel	We stayed at the Sir Francis Drake for 2 nights a Thursday and Friday. We got an excellent rate directly through the hotel on a king room. The bathroom is a little on the small side but was expected being that this is a city hotel. While small it was definitely manageable for 2 of us. The location is awesome and the lobby was beautiful, we enjoyed great cocktails in the lobby bar both nights. The bartender was friendly and offered to make me something great, and that it was. The bellman and doorman were Fab - they were quick to help with our bags upon arrival and departure and the beefeater was happy to take a picture with us. The starlight room on the 21st floor had a strange crowd and was overpiced so I would skip that next time but would absolutely stay at the drake again.	
Oct 12 2008 	Exceptional hospitality wraps perfect package at Sir Francis Drake	After seeing the mixed reviews the Sir Francis Drake had drawn, I decided to experience it myself and see if it met my high standards. It far exceeded even my high expectations. When I have the good fortune to return, I will hope stay at this property again. The exceptional quality of the hospitality wrapped up a perfect package for a five day stay. The service was obliging, efficient, and friendly. Staff sometimes added the personal touch of addressing me by name. From managers to the staff at the registration desk, from the bellstaff to the incredibly resilient crew of hardy and handsome gentlemen who form the ranks of the Beefeater costume-clad doormen, I was impressed with how everyone on the team exerted themselves to provide a top-notch experience for hotel guests. Rooms- (I had more than one, and loved both) were exquisite, beautifully appointed, great views, quiet, very comfortable beds, and during the warm days the air conditioning worked well. Remember that at the time this hotel was built, these WERE big rooms: houses and beds were all smaller then. I found the room generously proportioned.Lobby and lobby bar - The lobby is spectacular, lovingly restored, and the design of the bar in the lobby defines the space while paying homage to the existing interior design and decor, rather than intruding upon it. There is a vibrant atmosphere in this central space, and the service was wonderful. Restaurant : I visited the adjacent restaurant -- a separate business -- on several occasions for dinner and/or drinks. The service was superb (although the restaurant is popular so if you want a table you may wish to consider reservations at dinner) and the food was absolutely excellent every time.Night Club - There is also a night club on the top floor that has a great view and is very popular. I ventured up one evening and although I had just missed that evening's live music, the joint was packed until closing.In my view the address is the perfect one for a San Francisco hotel. Great atmosphere. Just out the front door many opportunities beckon for people who like to people watch, shop, and eat. Location is fabulous for walkers, cable car devotees and public transit, and taxi. Just a short slide of less than a block down Powell St. puts you at Union Square.I visited a friend at another Kimpton property not far away, the Sorrento, another lovingly restored historic property, and it was also lovely, the friend's room excellent, and the friend's report on the place was positive.	
Oct 6 2008 	Still waiting on my refund....	I'd like to start with the positives about this hotel - firstly we had no problem with the staff at the hotel, always friendly and helpful. Our room was TINY but it was clean and as I've never stayed in SF before I can't compare the size to other hotel rooms. For other US cities though it is miniscule. The bathroom had no major problems, just tiny. The location is fabulous, with the tram right outside the door and a short walk to Union Square and all the major shopping.The bad - I booked directly with the hotel on a best price guarantee - I had checked expedia rates that were so cheap, enquired with the hotel and they agreed to match the rates, so I booked directly because I wanted to request a quiet room and thought they would be more likely to give me one if I booked directly.On arrival we were put in a room right next to an elevator - every time the elevator went past (about 3-4 times a minute) there was a massive whoosing noise that almost shook the windows!! At first I thought it was massive wind gusts but soon worked it out. We requested a room change and were granted a street side room, needless to say, not overly quiet and we were a little sleep deprived after a few nights. Nothing a pair of earplugs wouldn't fix though! On our departure I went to pay the bill and was told that they couldn't match the Expedia price - after half an hour of explaining, showing the emails, and talking to various people I was told that although they had charged me the entire rate, i would receive the refund within 2 weeks (this was Sept 9). I contacted the hotel numerous times over the coming weeks, again I had to re explain everything and was again told the refund would come in 14 days. Now I've just been told again that the refund should be here in a few days.the amount of money I'm talking about here isn't a large sum, but it's the principle of the best price guarantee - if you don't want to match expedia prices, than say no in the first place and I'll book with Expedia, which will save me a ton of hassle. I'm looking forward to seeing my money in the coming days!! All in all, I probably wouldn't stay here on principal again, would I recommend it to my best friend? Maybe if they got a great price with Expedia and didn't mind a bit of noise. I don't have anything to compare it to in SF but I would probably try something else next time.Oh, and the beefeaters are probably the most useless gimmick I've ever seen - they were completely unfriendly and hardly ever there anyway...	
Sep 28 2008 	really overpriced	We are Canadians who stayed at the Sir Francis Drake Hotel this September and were really disappointed. This is an old hotel badly needing an update. Our room was so small it had only one small computer chair. We asked for another chair and received a metal meeting room chair. I think our view was fabulous but the windows were so dirty we couldn't see the view. The bathtub was slippery and had peeling paint. There were smokers in the adjoining room and smoke poured through the large opening under the door. We blocked the opening with towels. The hotel offered free coffee in the lobby- but only at 6:30a.m.! We paid $421.00 for a tiny room. Luckily we moved to the Sheraton at Fisherman's Wharf for a beautiful room at about half the price. The doorman in the beefeater outfit doesn't justify the outrageous prices charged by this hotel.	
Sep 25 2008 	Very accomodating staff	We switched hotels mid-way through our visit to San Francisco due to an allergy attack from our first hotel room. When we called around looking for rooms in the neighborhood, the Sir Francis Drake had available rooms at a very affordable price. They checked us in right away, and were incredibly accomodating. The staff provided us with 5-star service, and we would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone interested in Union Square. Our room was very worn down. It looked like they barely even re-painted from the building's previous owner. But it was clean, and a great location. We would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a deal.	
Sep 17 2008 	Great hotel - superb staff	We stayed at the Sir Francis Drake for 5 nights in July. We booked the hotel due to its central location just a few steps away from Union Square and all the great shops and we weren't disappointed. Chinatown is also within walking distance and the cable car stops right outside the hotel for getting to Fisherman's Wharf. From the moment we checked in the staff were courteous and helpful. Unfortunately during our trip I had a bike accident and had to attend the hospital to get stitches in my leg. Hilary (the concierge) went out of her way to help by phoning the doctor and the hospital as well as Blazing Saddles Bike Hire to sort things out for us. The bar staff (especially Aaron) were also very friendly always saying hello and enquiring how I was doing. We had breakfast most mornings in Sears (directly across from the hotel) which was really good. We had dinner in E&amp;O Trading, Neptunes Palace at Fishermans Wharf and the Cheesecake Factory in Macys. We also ate in the hotel restaurant Scala's. The food and atmosphere was great - very handy when you don't feel like walking too far.All in all I would thoroughly recommend the Sir Francis Drake to anyone staying in San Francisco. The actual hotel is nice but it is the staff that makes it stand out from the rest!	
Sep 14 2008 	Comfortable but Anonymous Stay at Sir Francis Drake	The best feature of this hotel is its central location and the close proximity to Union Square. Sir Francis Drake has an entrance and lobby which is reminiscent of the architecture that a London West End theatre would have. The charming cable cars- which are symbolic of San Francisco- stop outside the hotel before climbing its way up Nob Hill. The bedroom was decorated to a unique taste, but even by European standards was small. It was clean and comfortable. The TV was positioned parallel to the bed and so you had to turn your head by 90 degrees if you wanted to view it in bed. The air-conditioning worked efficiently but its vent was positioned directly above the bed, making it uncomfortable to lie beneath.America is renowned all over the world for having good customer service and the staff at the Sir Francis Drake was no exception. The Beefeaters outside were a tourist gimmick and this “unique selling point” felt somewhat contrived and unnecessary.I had a comfortable stay at Sir Francis Drake but due to its sheer size and the number of rooms it had, felt anonymous and inconsequential.	
Sep 9 2008 	SO-SO	The rooms are so small...They did not have the room we booked...and in fact could'nt find our reservation at all. Luckily I had the printout of the confermation. Although we were with our 2 children in the room, we had 2 towels and one shampoo. It took three calls to house keeping for that. Party goers kept us all awake two nights in a row...And I wonder if they ever wash the windows? Maybe once every ten years? Next time I will try one of the many small hotels we saw on our walks.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great Stay at Sir Francis!	We spent five days at the Sir Francis Drake and loved it. The architecture and decorating in the lobby are really fantastic. We got a corner room on the 20th floor with a spectacular view of the city. The room was very clean and the linens were top quality. The staff was courteous and accommodating. Ryan, one of the Valets, was so attentive and professional---he really took care of us. I know many reviewers complain that the hotel is old. This is true and you have to expect certain things when you choose to stay at a historical location--the rooms will be smaller, the water pressure may not be great, and you will be more likely to hear noise in the hallways from your room. This comes with the territory. Appreciate historic hotels for what they are and what they can offer---beautiful and unique original fixtures, architecture, service, and the nostalgic feeling you get when you walk in the door.	
Sep 7 2008 	Nice hotel only a few issues	We stayed at the Sir Francis Drake for our honeymoon and overall we really enjoyed our stay. The location is hard to beat, just seconds from union square and right in the heart of activity in San Fran. If you've never been to SF, the hotel is right on Powell Street, which is where the famous cable car trolleys can be found.The concierge downstairs was very helpful in suggesting restaurants, directing us to the proper bus stops, and setting up our wine tour of Sonoma and Nappa Valley. After checking in and then coming back from dinner during our fist evening, we found a bottle of wine and some biscotti along with a note from the hotel congratulating us on our marriage and welcoming us to the hotel (although they spelled our last name wrong, not a huge deal).The room itself was fairly spacious (we were in the &quot;executive king&quot; on the 8th floor) and had some interesting details. The bathroom was very nice, with black tile, a bath/shower and even a separate shower stall which I thought was an interesting touch. The complimentary soap and shampoo was &quot;AVEDA,&quot; which my wife tells me is a nice, high-end brand. My only issue with the bathrooms was that there wasn't a lot of counter space and we ended up keeping a lot of our toiletries and other items on the floor next to the sink.There were a few issues, besides the lack of counter space in the bathroom, that we experienced while at the Sir Francis Drake. The first thing we noticed was that our windows, on the outside, were absolutely filthy. It looked as though years and years of buildup had accumulated on the two large windows of our room and, I'd say, quite severely obstructed our views of the city. For this reason, we kept our light-cloth blinds drawn at all times, which was a shame as the view from our room was something we were looking forward to when we arrived. Another issue presented itself on our last night in the hotel; the air conditioning unit (which is located in the ceiling with intake and blower vents) started to leak onto our ironing board, on some of our clothes, and soaked the carpet that one of our larger suitcases was resting on. We noticed this in the middle of the night when a strangely loud *pat, pat* of dripping water could be heard in the middle of the night. Because it was our last night at about 1am, we didn't call the front desk because we decided a repair situation or a move from our current room was not what we needed the night before our morning flight back home. When I approached the front desk to check out, I made a point to bring up the inconvenience with the A/C. The clerk seemed helpful, but informed me that there was nothing he could do to compensate me for the problem since we had prepaid and booked our stay at Hotels.com and had no extra charges to the room. All in all we had a nice stay in the Sir Francis Drake, but it was unfortunate that our final memories of the hotel will be slightly tainted with the issues with the A/C that couldn't be resolved.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great location.	This is a great place for the money. Be mindful that much cheaper rates may be available on the hotel's website. Don't count on the reservation staff telling you so. That having been said, when I did find a lower rate online they did honor it.The good: great lounge scene; cool decor; great location; we found the doormen to be more than happy to help, despite contrary reviews on TripAdvisor.The not so good: rather small rooms; bathrooms are tiny; showers are even smaller; phone was inoperable until the following day when it was fixed; despite request for featherless room, bed had feather pillows and a down duvet.The bad: $45/day parking; front desk staff couldn't figure out how to email a copy of my bill despite a spot on the check out form to have your bill emailed to you; room windows were absolutely filthy; window in shower did not open; small toilet; single-ply toliet paper (save that for rest areas and airports!).	
Sep 2 2008	Terrific Hotel	We really enjoyed our stay at the Sir Francis Drake. The location is great and the hotel is exactly as represented. The staff was very nice (although when we asked how far Napa was, they said 2 hrs, it's only 1 hr). Parking is a hefty $50 per day, something you need to know before you go.	
Sep 1 2008	Nice Location Small Rooms	The SFD Hotel is right in the heart of the Union Square District. The staff at the front desk was pleasant but the Concierge was typically not present and or less helpful. SFD has a small lobby bar downstairs which serves some nice mixed drinks. Upstairs on the 21st floor is the starlight room. Caution, if you are staying at the SFD make sure you only stay on the rooms bordering the 2nd (reception hall) and 21st floors if you do not mind lots and lots of noise.Elevators were small and very slow. Remember, this is a historic hotel though. Stairwells for those like myself who do not mind walking were OK but pretty messy. The rooms were small. Our first one &quot;Queen Tower (?)&quot; was right next to the elevator and two people could not move around comfortably. If you are looking for a clean and reasonably priced hotel in the middle of it all and can deal with small cramped spaces then it will suffice.	
Aug 31 2008 	A Very Disappointing Four Days	I was booked with three colleagues for four nights at the Sir Francis Drake. Each of us were to have had our own room. However, when we arrived, we learned that the hotel was overbooked and they doubled two of us up. My room (1530) had a steam pipe that sounded like a drummer in a rock band all night long. The apologetic engineering staff told me there was nothing they could do because the pipe could not be accessed easily. It was impossible to sleep that night. In the morning, I asked for another room. They moved me, but nobody ever apologized for placing me in an uninhabitable room to begin with.The hotel is old and the rooms are comfortable, but small. The windows didn't appear to have been washed in years. The configuration of my bathroom (room 1519) was bizarre to the point that using the toilet was a physical challenge (and I'm not big, 5' 10&quot;).One night the airconditioning went out in two of our rooms, and the electricity failed in another. All in all, it was not up to standards for was should have been a first-class hotel. The final problem was that on the day of checkout, two of the three of us had unauthorized charges on our bill. Again, we were not met with apologies from the staff, but suspicion (&quot;Sir, are you certain you didn't use the lobby bar?&quot;).I could have stayed at the Westin, which is just down the street and next time I certainly will.	
Aug 30 2008 	Do not stay at the Sir Francis Drake	This hotel is old (not classic), but terribly old. Nothing has been updated. No double glass windows. You get noise and light from the corridor and through the windows. The cover is syntetic, which makes you feel either too hot or too cold. The carpet needs to be renewed. The room was smelly. I would rather stay at the Intercontinental. I like classic hotels full of antiques, but this is just old. Nothing there was a real antique, but just old furniture, old bathrooms and old carpets. Very, very unconfortable. I guess this is a good hotel for holidays non-demanding travellers. If you go on business, your expectations will be much higher. Do not trust pictures, they are missleading.	
Aug 25 2008 	Excellent Stay at the Sir Francis Drake Hotel	Let me start by saying that I'm the cynical type, so if I write something nice about a stay, the place just might be worth a look . . . If you are seeking a grand hotel, a smaller version of New York's Plaza Hotel, then you've come to the right place. With a location in the Union Square district, it is just about as central as you could want to be. They've spent a lot of effort overhauling this building and it shows; just the right combination of old marble and new interior design. Transportation: outside is the cable car, though you should walk a couple of blocks down the hill to catch it, because it's filled to the brim with tourists by the time it passes the hotel. Go a couple of blocks further down the hill and catch the underground. Secret: To get to fisherman's wharf/alcatraz, if you get fed up waiting for the cable car, hit the underground; take it out to the embarcadero/ferry building and then take a trolley along the waterfront to the wharf. A lot less crowded . . . On the return, retrace your steps but at the Ferry Building, walk toward the subway and take the OTHER (Powell/Hyde?) cable car back home, since its not crowded. Get a map from the concierge and you'll get the picture.Shopping: One door down is Saks Fifth Ave. Turn the corner and you are in the shopping district if that is your thing. It's much denser shopping than New York; you get every brand on top of each other in a few blocks.Amenities: Rooms are recently upgraded and it shows. Comfortable and quiet. The staff are exceedingly helpful. A concierge and doorman who actually know the town well and have a great attitude.The lobby is seriously cool. With a two-story ceiling, nice arrangement of sofas, chairs, and a bar, its not too big, just about right. Tourist Attractions: You can easily walk to Chinatown and the City Lights bookstore. For points beyond, the hills can be a challenge; buses are plentiful. Get a 3 day pass down the block across from Macy's. You can buy half price theatre tickets there too. Eating: Streetlevel is leased to Starbucks and an upscale restaurant. We ventured a few blocks out and there are loads of places to eat. If we saw a mob of tourists, we just moved on. There are very few bad choices as far as eating in that area. Oh yes, and if you want to get snacks for the room, go across the street to Walgreens, which seems to be open all night. Photos: I google streetviewed this place and it looks small from the outside, but isn't. They've wisely leased their frontage space to the starbucks and scala's restuarant. Actually, the hotel covers half the block. In closing, a really great place to hang your hat while you're staying in San Fran.	
Aug 24 2008 	We will definitely stay here again!	My husband and I stayed at the Sir Francis Drake for 6 nights. We read mixed reviews but decided to take a chance and stay here since the rate we got was great. Our room was small as expected since we booked the Queen Petite. It was very clean and the bed very comfortable. My husband called for extra pillows and they were brought up within 10 minutes. The location is great. A few blocks from Union Square and near lots of great restaraunts and shopping. My ony complaint would be the windows were very dirty so we weren't able to see out but they were doing construction below so maybe that had something to do with it. The reviews we read said it was a very loud hotel. We were on the eighth floor and never heard a thing. Overall we had a great experience and will definitely stay here again!	
Aug 21 2008 	Regrettable Experience	I booked 3 rooms for 4 nights through Expedia.com in August 2008, and given our experience an overall rating of two is generous. The bright spots of our stay were Rachel at the front desk who was extremely pleasant and helpful and the nice Bellman who assisted us at the end of our stay (we had 7 in our party). Aside from these two points our stay was regrettable. I will admit that I have some blame as to the confusion with our room situation because I booked through Expedia (which I will not do again). Through Expedia they had a contract with the hotel for King rooms only (which was not clarified until after booking). As I finalized our plans I realized that I had 3 king rooms reserved and I needed three doubles, again I admit this was an error on my part; however, the treatment I received from the Kimpton reservations desk, the in-house reservations agent and the General Manager (who I emailed and didn’t respond) was very rude and unhelpful. It was as if because I booked through Expedia I did not deserve the same service as any other guest. Needless to say I was not able to change any of our rooms to doubles but again Rachel was very helpful and arranged roll-a-way beds for two of the rooms. As one of the other reviews mentioned when we arrived there was not a Bellman insight and we were not offered one at anytime during our check-in process. Two of the rooms were freezing cold as it was in the 50’s during our stay. In one of the rooms there was an inch gap where the two windows should meet and we had to put towels in the space to keep the heat in. In the other room the window in the bathroom did not go all the way up and there was a large opening. In order to keep the heat in the room we had to keep the door to the bathroom closed making it most unpleasant taking a shower in the morning. Requests for additional blankets, towels (since we used them in the windows) and an iron took two to three calls each. We were unable to get the Concierge at all and when someone at the front desk answered they gave us the wrong number three times and then charged me for three calls from our room!! In regards to the Beefeaters that everyone thinks are such a great attraction the one in the evening was VERY rude and the one in the morning was completely unwilling to be of any service, he acted put out if you asked a question. The Sir Francis Drake, although beautiful on the exterior, has marginal rooms at best and a staff that leaves much to be desired. I will not stay here again nor will I recommend it to anyone traveling to San Francisco.	
Aug 21 2008 	The Drake - Central location in SF Rooms nice and updated	Our recent stay at the Sir Francis Drake was just perfect. The hotel was full of international tourists and wedding guests which was probably because our stay was in mid-August and also because the hotel is central to the touristy area. My husband and I stayed for three nights over a weekend.When I checked into the hotel on Thursday, I told the clerk at the front desk that I absolutely had to have a quiet room. I made it pretty clear that I wouldn't be happy in a room with any noise since I'm a light sleeper and have had trouble at a different hotel. The request was successful :). Our room had only light street noise. I personally do not care about a view and I didn't have one because of my quiet room request.One thing to note about this hotel is the lacking coffee service. There's coffee in the lobby only in the very early morning hours. This worked out for my husband and me because we stayed on Eastern time during our stay, waking up at 5am and going to bed at around 7pm or 8pm. The coffee was usually taken away by 7am or so. My husband conjectured that they might have had a deal with Starbucks which was located off of the lobby. Another thing to note was that the curtains in the room blocked the light from the street incredibly well. It made staying on Eastern time that much easier.The bed was incredible. The room was a bit tight but not by San Francisco standards. The tv stations were lacking; we probably should have brought some DVD's to watch during our down time.	
Aug 19 2008 	Classy with a great location	My husband and I stayed here for four days. While the room was small, it didn't bother us since we spent most of our time exploring San Francisco. The lobby is very nice, and the staff was helpful.	
Aug 15 2008 	Loved sir francis drake hotel....	i had read lots of good and bad reviews about this hotel before i left.but since i wanted a good location near everything, i chose this hotel. before i still had doubts and was thinking maybe i should change my hotel reading the reviews, but once i reached the hotel, i was very happy i didnt make any changes.i got a good deal for queen petite room for 133$/ngtoutside they had some constructions going on, beside that i have no complains what so ever.i didnt understand why people complain about this hotel.people are nice, hotel itself is nice, location is nice, everything is close by.me and my wife were there in vacation and for both of us, the hotel was perfect.i would love to get back in that hotel in future.	
Aug 11 2008 	Very pleasant experience	My 21 y.o. son and I had decided to visit San Francisco and then tour Sonoma Valley. I was looking for a convenient hotel and one that would not break my budget. (My son, of course, has no budget!). I looked at the reviews of several hotels and liked the comments about the Sir Francis Drake. What particularly impressed me was the response of the manager, David Watkins, to the complaints posted by several people who had stayed. (I considered some complaints legitimate; others seemed to be by people who had different expectations of a downtown-boutique hotel.) I contacted David directly, and after exchanging email, I made my reservations.The desk clerk who checked us in, Ryan, could not have been more friendly. He was extremely courteous and professional. When I asked if the WiFi service was free, he said that there was a charge but if I joined the Kimpton Rewards program, there would be no fee. Naturally, I joined. He also upgraded us to a room on the 20th floor. We had arrived a little early, and Ryan said that our room was not yet available but that he would put a rush order on it. My only disappointment came when I asked if David was on duty. Ryan said that David had transferred to another Kimpton hotel and was no longer at SFD. I had really hoped to express my appreciation to David in person. As I waited for the bellman to store our bags, after about five minutes, Ryan came over and said that our room was ready. We were able to go to our room immediately without having to store our bags.We had a nice-sized room with two queen beds. The beds were extremely comfortable, and the air conditioning was excellent. From some of the other reviews, I had expected practically opaque windows. That was not the case. The windows were slightly dirty but cleaner than I had expected. Additionally, we were able to open one of the windows and, thus, were able to get some great pictures without the glass interfering. The vanity in the bathroom was very small, and there was no place for our shavings kits (however, I had expected this from the reviews). We were able to manage this situation, however, with little problem. The location was great. We walked around the neighborhood and then took the cable cars when we ventured to Fisherman's Wharf. I recommend Sears for breakfast (a great restaurant just across the street). I asked Ryan for dinner recommendations at Fisherman's Wharf, and he recommended Scoma's. My son and I dined there that night, and it was excellent.I highly recommend SFD. I note that the new manager continues David's practice of monitoring this website and trying to solve probems that guests have encountered. That speaks highly of the Kimpton group of hotels.	
Aug 10 2008 	Not overwhelmed by the Dake	We stayed in the Drake for three nights as part of our honeymoon. Whilst the hotel is in a great location, it is let down by the size of its rooms. When we arrived there was no bellboy in sight. I ended up carrying my two suitcases up a lengthy flight of stairs.Our room was made up with a spare bed which we didn't request and it took two calls to get it removed. Not major problems but just enough to taint your stay.	
Aug 6 2008 	For a romantic weekend THIS IS THE HOTEL FOR YOU!	If you are planning on proposing or wanting a romantic weekend away this is the place for you! I truly reccommend the Starlight Lounge on the 21st floor. with the ambiance, exceptional quality and friendly staff and amazing view! Just simply amazing to look out on SF and see the clouds role in while the jazz music plays! One of those breathtaking moments! ~ScottFirst off it was the hotel reservation staff that made every single bit of difference. I tried to book online and waited too long only to find the price point I wanted was sold out. I called in desperation and explained that I was proposing to my girlfriend in SF that weekend and pleaded that I was on a tight budget. I would rather not start a lifelong marriage with debt in these current times. The reservation operator was %110 understanding and did everything to find a room cheaper even than I had originally seen on the web!!!!!I was so excited that I actually decided right then and there on the phone that it was a sign that I was going to go through with it and propose! I don't think he truly understood what he had done for us! So, when we arrived I proposed in the Starlight Lounge, she said yes!!!!!! THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU! We will be back in one year, five years, and forever together to renew our vows, no matter the cost we will come back! You have made not only customers, but friends for life! All the best wishes to you and your staff!Door greeter was excellent!The grand entrance when you walk in and warm smiles made us realize we came to the right place. Great atmosphere for a romantic weekend. So much more personal/personable than a brand name hotel like the Westin. We love the more cosy &quot;quaint atmosphere&quot; than you get at a big expensive hotel. Not that there is anything wrong with them at all. It is just like we felt we arrived in Dublin, rather than London metro feeling.The watchful caring staff were always attentive, we never worried about our belongings in the room, lobby, or in storage. We just KNEW that we would be ok in the hotel and that made us feel so much safer in SF. You are asset to the city!If you've read down this far and still not sure email me at elliotts. The rest is @Mac dot com. (hope that evades the spammers) ;)Btw, I am also leaving this review on hotels.com.	
Aug 5 2008 	Won't be going back to the Sir Francis Drake	I left the Sir Francis Drake unhappy, and would not go back. I will start with the basics; room size was fine, with a good walk in closet and nice toiletries in the bath. But there was only one chair, a rolling computer desk chair. The bath towels were coarse, the only towel rods were inside the bath tub. A tiny shelf over the toilet was the only dry place to sit anything. The vanity, a large boxy useless thing, had no shelves or door. The bathroom door wouldn't close. The room had AC, but it was as loud as my window AC unit at home. As it cycled on and off it would wake me up. All of these points my husband and I would've overlooked, if we had not had a bad night during our stay. The SFD was hosting a wedding reception our first night. Some of the guests appeared to be staying on our floor . After 1 AM we were awoken by drunken people coming off the elevator cursing at the top of their lungs. My husband got up, opened the door a bit and told the people to keep their voices down. A young man, in a tux, cursed at my husband and kicked our door in. My husband slammed the door shut and called the front desk to report the incident. Later we spotted someone who looked like security walking the floor. It took a long time to get to sleep after that excitement. The next morning we realized the chain lock had been broken and the door was scratched. So we reported it to a young lady at the front desk on our way out to breakfast. The front desk had not heard about the incident from the night staff, so we repeated the report. The clerk apologized and offered to move us. We declined that offer and asked that they fix the lock. The clerk also walked around the corner and told a 'manager' what had happened, I heard her. By the time we got back from breakfast the lock was repaired. That was the last we heard from hotel management while we were there. The incident wasn't the hotel's fault, but the control of guests at hotel receptions is their responsibility. I expected a Manager would contact us at some point during our stay to check on us but no more mention was made, even when we checked out. It left a bad taste in my mouth. I canceled the one night we had booked for a week later. When I got home a full week after our stay at the SFD, there was a survey from Kimpton waiting on my computer. I completed it, in full detail. Two days later a Manager from the Sir Francis Drake called me. He had never heard about the incident, not after our 2 reports to staff and the repaired door lock. He apologized and explained that even though the wedding party had spent around $20,000 at the hotel, that didn't give them the right to disturb other guests. I agree with him on that. He also said he would tell the hotel catering group. But its a shame that I had to fill out a post occupancy survey to get a Manager's attention. We are not ones to make a stink, but being nice quiet guests doesn't get you anywhere. We were just a couple of tourists staying for a couple of nights. Obviously we ranked far below a pricey wedding reception. The SFD didn't go that extra distance for us. There are other places to stay in San Francisco where we would be treated with more concern, we won't bother with the SFD again.	
Aug 5 2008 	Quaint hotel	We enjoyed our three night stay at the Sir Francis Drake Hotel. The room was very small but clean and unique. We spent most of our time sight seeing so it was not a problem.	
Aug 4 2008 	Nice hotel bad staff!!	This hotel looks the part and fits in with the real feel of being in san francisco. The lobby is the nicest part of the hotel. I chose this hotel because i didnt want to stay in a modern hotel. The rooms are ok, could do with new bathrooms. Room service is probably the same as average english prices and cheaper than our hotel prices. The location of the hotel is great because the old cable cars are right outside the door and your literally in the main part of the city, with saks, tiffinys and maceys about 2 minutes away. If your wanting to do alot of sightseeing its a perfect location. Fishermans Warf is also a good spot and 15 mins away, alot goes on there for tourists but it is very busy. It was aug when we visited and it is very cold for me!!! Although im from the UK. Make sure you take clothes for both hot and cold weather.The down side of this hotel was the staff, they are so RUDE! They all seem to have attiude, they are not at all helpful and dont seem to care much about the guests. Its as if they are annoyed by you asking questions or asking for help. Iv stayed all over the world and i can honestly say the staff here are not friendly. Everywhere else in the city people have been really polite and helpful.	
Jul 30 2008 	You get what you pay for	On a recent trip to SF, we stayed at the Sir Francis Drake and I had one of my worst hotel experiences.It started as we walked in the door. We pulled our rental car up to the front and there was no bellman in site. We left our car with the hazards on and carried our own luggage up the grand staircase to check in. When we got to our room it was HOT. There was a window A/C unit that didn't work and a thermostat on the wall. We contacted the front desk after an hour or so of trying to get the room to cool off. They said someone would be right up. That someone never appeared. My husband had to fight with them to get our room changed.We did finally get a new room and it smelled like vomit. We endured the vomit smell for the entire weekend because we didn't want to complain again but it was MISERABLE. This hotel is historic but the rooms are pretty run down. It was cheap at $120/night but you get what you pay for!	
Jul 29 2008 	An Updated Classic	In the busy heart of Union Square, the Sir Francis Drake is a dowager recently transformed into a boutique hotel. Don't expect large corporate &quot;business-class&quot; rooms or a spacious resort. Do expect roomy-enough sleeping areas, deiiciously comfortable new beds and furnishings, and pocket-sized, yet modern bathrooms. I'm a native San Franciscan and remember the SFD as a touristy hotel that also drew ladies who went to town on shopping vacations. I stayed here in July 2008 while visiting family in the City who have tiny apartments without room for me to sleep (typical SF).I was pleased with the comfort of the place: chummy helpful doormen dressed as London Beefeaters, a cozy, ornate,&quot;clubby&quot; lobby with a creative bar (try the SFD bartender's recently invented Tommy Gun cocktail $9), and freshly designed rooms. Scala's Restaurant on the premises is very good - nicely done steaks and pastas in a happy 1920's setting.We reserved a room via hotels.com for an unheard of price (1/5 the &quot;retail&quot; rate listed on the placard in the room!). Of course prices are subject to change. We also got this fantastic room (#425) due to a snafu on the day we arrived. The central computers at Kimpton Seattle went down and the beleaguered, yet professionally good-natured staff went room by room with the housekeepers and clipboards to see which rooms were vacated and ready.I don't think we were intended to be in this room, but we took it :-)Note that this hotel, like most in Union Square was on the corner of busy Powell and Sutter Streets, so street noises are the norm. We were on Powell St and heard the ding-ding of the cable cars going into the night - nice. The first night there was city sewer construction all night (!), but that was one night. if you want relative quiet, ask for an inner albeit darker room. Our triple layered curtains blocked out all light, and muffled some noise, too.Note also that the popular Starlight Room is on the 21st floor, so I'd avoid staying in rooms on the two or three floors directly under that, since the disco beat will permeate down.Do know that Powell Street/Union Square is crazy busy. It's teeming with traffic and people and noise. I'd been used to staying in quieter neighborhoods of SF (Castro, Sunset, Richmond) in the past and had forgotten about this chaotic, touristy part of the City. The first few moments i arrived I absolutely hated it and thought I'd made a terrible mistake, but I got used to it. It is fun to see all the humanity in a few square blocks!SF is all about enjoying street life, like Europe, so you really don't need a huge impersonal hotel room to knock around in. Your room is a place to rest before going out again and gain to enjoy the City.	
Jul 29 2008 	Functional stay for non-representing conference visitors	San Francisco is similar to many European cities, but still not. The Sir Francis Drake hotel represents some of those typical differences by being an unusually large and anonymous hotel. The hotel is however perfectly functional, as expected and desired for this particular trip. A surprisingly small room compared to other US hotels I have stayed at, priced only slightly lower vs competition. The helpful and service-minded staff was highly appreciated. The hotel is centrally - and safely - located, with excellent shuttle bus connections to the Moscone congress centre and to the tourist parts of the city. The location guarantees nearby quality shopping and many reasonable restaurants for all your meals. Strikingly similar to the neighbouring hotel Westin St Francis. My recommendation is to confidently book either of them for a short, practical congress stay without required representation. The Ritz Carlton or Fairmont qualify better for the last part, however bear in mind then the cost will also be very different.	
Jul 24 2008	Great location AAA rate could not be beat friendly staff.	Came here for a conference. The conference rate was $206 yet I was able to book direct for $165....go figure. Anyway, excellent location right on Powell and you can hear the trolley cars ding as they go by. Many, many places to eat. Very clean. Excellent internet signal. Service was good. No problems. Would stay here again.	
Jul 22 2008 	Classy quaint and loaded with charm!	We fell in love with San Francisco and the Sir Francis Drake. Primo location with cable cars right outside the door. Close to all modes of transit and wide variety of shopping options. Friendly Beefeater Doorman and helpful staff. The hotel has been updated nicely while still maintaining that old time charm with the ornate grand staircase and chandeleir in the lobby. Loved the decorating in the room! We had an Executive Queen/Queen which also had a sitting area and sofa with a flat screen TV and in-room video games. Our family of 4 was very comfortable and didn't feel cramped at all. Beds felt great. Pillows terrific and nice Kimpton member touches abound....bottled water, chocolates, complementary glass of wine. The leopard and zebra print bathrobes are a complete scream and our teenager daughters just loved lounging in them. Highly recommend this hotel and would go back for a repeat stay in a heartbeat. You get the Quintessential San Francisco experience here!	
Jul 22 2008	Want to sleep? Don't stay here!	As a descendent of Sir Francis Drake, I thought it would be cool to stay here. Big mistake. If you want to stay in a place where the room looks nice, but you are going to party all night, this place is fine. If you want a good nights rest, stay away! And is it really that hard to wash the windows at least once a year? The room was tiny and worst of all, the walls are paper thin. The bathroom was so small that you have to squeeze yourself onto the toilet (and I'm not fat). I could hear everything (I won't go into detail) from all directions. Updated windows might help keep some of the street noise from getting in too. On the upside, the staff are very friendly and willing to help with whatever they can. One guy at the front desk even heated up my toddlers food in the microwave.	
Jul 16 2008 	Good Kimpton hotel	The location is excellent. The rooms are larger than I would have expected, and comfortable. The bathrooms are quite small, but that was ok with us.Didn't have much interaction with the staff, but when we asked for a broken iron to be replaced, it was brought up in less than 15 minutes.The attached Italian restaurant had a slightly impersonal, commercial feel to it, but we had a great experience with the quality of the food. I'd recommend it to anyone staying at the hotel.One tip - if you have a car and don't expect to be in and out much, it'll be much cheaper to park at one of the nearby public garages, instead of the very expensive hotel parking.	
Jul 15 2008 	Getting older not better	I stayed in the SF Drake on business for three days. I understand that the hotel is “a classic” and tried to give it the benefit of the doubt, but ultimately, it turned out to be a hotel I wouldn't recommend.  In the heart of downtown San Francisco, the SF Drake is only a couple blocks from Union Square and Chinatown, and maybe a 15 minute cable-car ride from Fisherman’s Wharf. The cable-car stop is right outside the hotel’s front door, which is very convenient. The hotel is “old” in more of a classic sense than a &quot;run-down&quot; sense. But once you get past the impressive décor of the lobby, it really doesn’t offer anything exceptional in the way of comfort, amenities, or even ambiance.  Our room was an “inside” room on the sixth floor, which means we had a view of the back of another building and, as a result, were subjected to the constant drone of the ventilation/air-conditioning system. This wasn’t a big problem, but it was like having a bathroom fan going constantly. It was one of the smallest hotel rooms I’d ever stayed in. There was one small set of three drawers to store clothes, which was fine for three nights, but would have been difficult during a longer stay. At $158 per night (including tax) it was reasonably priced, but the age and the set-up of the rooms made it difficult to enjoy.  The room had various minor problems with it. The bathroom door wouldn’t close properly, which would have been fine, except that it would gradually drift open and had to be propped closed from the outside. The towel rack was starting to come out of its wall anchors, which gave the room a bit of a run-down look. In addition, the ice machine on our floor and the floor above did not work, so I was up two floors before I found one that did work. I was also disappointed by the hotel’s business center and internet service. On our last night, I asked whether there was somewhere I could check-in on-line for my flight home and print out boarding passes. They directed me to their business center. Not only did they charge $6 for 15 minutes of internet access, but they also charged for printing pages. The first two pages printed fine. But after I sent my third and fourth pages to the printer, I received a pop-up message indicating that I would be charged another dollar or so. The hotel’s wireless internet (which I accessed in my room) worked fine, but it is a pet peeve of mine that some hotels charge a daily fee for access. As a hotel guest, I shouldn’t expect to be charged for internet access any more than I should expect to be charged for towels or shampoo.  The SF Drake holds itself up as a classy, classic hotel. Unfortunately, it is becoming very close to being simply an old hotel. Despite the great location and the good price, I would probably look for somewhere else to stay next time.	
Jul 8 2008 	Nice Hotel Great Location	Very nice hotel conveniently located. Rooms were a bit small but very cozy and clean. The on site restaurant, Scala's, is excellent. We also found the staff to be very friendly.	
Jul 7 2008 	Don't Expect Much and You'll Be Pleased	Older hotel with moderately attentive staff. Tiny wash rooms (think small elevator) even in the &quot;executive&quot; rooms. Over priced bar, but excellent restaurant connected to the property.	
Jul 2 2008	Nice hotel - no complaints....	I just came back from a short trip to San Francisco with my sweetie, who had been in San José on business. We chose the Sir Francis Drake for several reasons - the location of the hotel, in the heart of Union Square shopping and dining, as well as a special promotion announced in May on Travelzoo.com (Queen Petite rooms at $99. a night!)Yes our room was quite small (we were well aware from the pictures on the website) but clean and comfortable.Nice linens and duvet. Our room was also surprisingly quiet given the busyness of the hotel's location. Excellent base for touring the city.All in all we were very satisfied with our stay - especially considering the fantastic price.	
Jun 30 2008 	Great Location and Price - Loud Street Noise	My daughter and I arrived much later than expected and we were given a king bed instead of 2 double beds. We were very weary from the delayed flight and did not press the issue. First the good news: The room was very clean and the bed and pillows &quot;delicious&quot;. The location is excellent and I was very pleased with the price. However, We had to ask twice for a remote control to operate the TV. Maintenance did arrive about 2 hours after the second request and made sure the remote worked properly before leaving. I had to go to the 13th floor from our room on the 4th floor to find a working ice machine. The plug in the tub did not work properly. Minor annoyances. The street noise was incredibly loud as was the sound coming from the pipes when someone in another room would use their showers. In fact, I one afternoon, I double checked our toilet to make sure the sound of running water wasn't coming from our bathroom! All and all it was just fine. A little room refurbishing/ upgrade and they will have a first rate hotel.	
Jun 30 2008	Another great Kimpton property.	If you've stayed at a Kimpton Hotel before, well, you know what you're in for. It is an old building converted to a cool, trendy place to rest your head. I will warn you, some people in my group didn't see it that way. They saw it as an old hotel, with new sheets on the bed. I disagree. The service was great, it is located in a good area, and it is only a $7 cab ride to anywhere. Cab from airport should be around $40 w/ tip.	
Jun 28 2008 	Nice hotel	Whilst staying with family in the Bay Area we spent a few days staying here in the city. The hotel was easy to locate and in a great central position for shops, trams, tourist spots and other amenities. Staff were helpful although as a Brit I must say that the beefeaters were unintentionally hilarious especially in the 90+F temperatures. Our room, though not huge, was perfectly comfortable and was well serviced. Ice/drinks machines on the corridor were a cheaper alternative to the minibar. Only complaint about the room was the noise from the AC and other rooms, which was mainly due to the fact that a woman next door came in late and screaming, knocking on doors. However a member of staff calmed her down and all other nights were fairly quiet. Our bathroom was also small but clean. The cocktail bar on the top floor was impressive and the full length gowns/tuxedo uniform was novel - the drinks was delicious too! The restaurant downstairs was fantastic and the breakfast very reasonable. The night that we dined there it was very busy and the food was probably the best we had on our trip. The huge Borders Bookshop across the road is a good place to waste time when waiting for you reservation time too! The left luggage service was efficient and check in and out was smooth and easy. I am also impressed to see the manager responding to many of the comments.	
Jun 24 2008 	A great experience!	Stayed in the Sir Francis Drake for 1 night - 2 rooms in June 2008. Was very pleased with everything - the updated decor, the welcoming and accommodating staff, the convenient location, and the comfy beds! We had just come from 3 nights of backcountry camping in Yosemite, and the Sir Francis Drake delivered in terms of comfort &amp; style. We enjoyed a yummy lunch at Scala's as well. Really, no complaints.  I would gladly stay there again - we got an incredible rate and I'm so glad we took advantage of it. We certainly enjoyed the Drake!!	
Jun 16 2008 	Great deal on a centrally located historic hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Sir Francis Drake for two nights April 4-6, 2008. There was a promotional rate that applied on a weekend and we jumped on it. I've stayed in MANY San Francisco hotels around Union Square but have never stayed at the Sir Francis Drake -- probably because I thought it would be too touristy. With the promotional rate, I decided to take a chance and I was very pleasantly surprised. We stayed in a corner room with a queen bed. Room had been recently redecorated. Bathroom was cute and unusual, with a window in the shower area (old hotels usually have interesting bathrooms!). Closet was enormous. Service was friendly and the location very convenient. For dinner one evening, we caught the cable car right outside the front door to get up to 1550 Hyde Restaurant. Wonderful experience, very romantic. We would definitely consider returning when we're in the city again.	
Jun 15 2008 	great location but not much else	Very old hotel and although it has been recently updated some things just remain old. For some reason, soundproofing to the outside street noise is almost non existent. Not enough place to put your clothes (3 small drawers) Parking at the hotel is $50 a day!On the plus side, it is right beside Union Square and the cable car runs right in front for an easy hop to Fisherman's Wharf and other spots.	
Jun 12 2008 	Sir Francis Drake Would Be Proud	After spending a horrible night at Hotel Des Arts,my husband called Kimpton's Sir Francis Drake. He had stayed in one of their hotels in the San Jose/Cupertino Area the week before for business and was impressed. I had tried a month before to book this hotel on a recomendation from a friend, but at the time there were no vacancies. Sir Francis Drake is one of my ancestors, so I thought it would kind of cool to stay there. Thankfully the staff was very nice and offered us a Tower Room on the 18th floor, for a little LESS than Hotel Des Arts. II was a little weary because Frommers did not rate it very well. They said the Lobby was spectacular, but the rooms were unimpressive, I beg to differ.. The lobby that made you feel like royalty, was a close comparison to our room. The bed was really comfy, the room was decorated nicely, and the bathroom and all the tolietries were also top notch(I always love Aveda products). The staff was very friendly and helpful during our stay. I will certainly come back! I am missing San Francisco already!	
Jun 5 2008 	What a DUMP!!!!	Like all Kimpton Hotles in San Francisco, we have an older hotel that could be utterly stunning, but has instead had minimal, cheap fixes---so the result is completely ghetto.The room was tiny and worn---but even it was nice compared to the elevators of death I had to ride up in. The staff was reasonably pleasant, the food was mediocre at best. The lobby, while huge and hinting at its once lovely decor had carpet and walls so worn and filthy that I thought at first I was in the wrong place.To me, this is not an upscale boutique hotel----this is a Law and Order set for hookers to hang out and ply their trade in.	
Jun 4 2008 	Beautiful lobby great location but hit or miss with the rooms	This was my second stay at the Sir Francis Drake, having stayed here in March 2008. My group was placed at the hotel by the housing bureau of the conference we were attending. The hotel's location is perfect for those wanting to get the feel of San Francisco. Close to the convention center, right in Union Square, with Chinatown only a few blocks away. For those who love to shop, there are plenty of stores.The doormen are dressed in costume and are quick to help with luggage and hailing taxis. The bellman are efficient and quick to point out the features of the room as well as where the ice machine and fire exits are.Check in was smooth and effortless, even when I forgot my Kimpton rewards number. The staff member kindly looked it up and added it to my reservation. The lobby of the hotel is magnificent, with high ceilings, comfortable sofas and chairs, and a nicely stocked bar. Aaron, one of the bartenders, is delightful and charming as well as creative. He was mixing up new drinks and explaining to the patrons the different tastes he was going for. There were a few of us there on business, so it was nice to have an engaging bartender. The elevators are small but relatively quick. During my first stay in March, I was on the 10th floor and had a decently sized room. The TV was on the dresser at the foot of the bed, so viewing wasn't an issue. The bathroom, however, was very small with little storage space for my toiletries. For a one-night stay, that's OK, but for the May trip, I was there for 7 days, so the lack of space became tedious.The bath amenities are Aveda products, which are my personal favorites. The tub is deep and the shower had good water pressure. For my second stay in May, I was on the 7th floor, close to the elevator. My room was tricky to get to, since it was tucked away in a side hall. The space was considerably smaller -- reminding me of a European hotel room -- and the TV was on the dresser that was parallel to the bed. Yes, viewing was a bit of a pain in the evening but it wasn't too bad.The real eyesore in the room was the left-over in-window AC/heating unit. The Sir Francis Drake now has central heating/air with individual temperature controls. While I didn't have a problem with mine, several of my colleagues complained that their AC didn't work. It, of course, had to be a freakish heatwave that hit in May, with temperatures well into the high 90's. Kudos for complimentary wireless internet access, but my telephone didn't work even after maintenance repaired it once. It's hard to order room service when the only phone in the room doesn't work.The business center is located in the lobby and has two pay-per-use computers. Unfortunately, the first computer I tried to use wouldn't recognize my memory stick and the printer connect to the second one constantly jammed. Of course, I was trying to print out documents for a meeting that was starting in 15 minutes. Three cheers for Elgin at the front desk, who tried to fix the printer and the understanding that I was under the gun, took the memory stick, printed the file and made the number of copies I needed. Because I had so much trouble with the machines, he didn't charge me for the copies. So... while my coworkers' experiences were particularly good, I didn't have problems with my room (except that the bathroom had no storage). It seems that it all depends on the luck of the draw with rooms. You'll either get one that has a decent amount of space or one that's cramped with things that don't quite work. Regardless, it is a beautiful hotel and I'm willing to stay here again as long as Aaron's at the bar and Elgin's behind the front desk.	
Jun 4 2008 	a great value and exceptional service -- one of the best in the city!	The Sir Francis Drake is managed by the Kimpton group and reflects that company's high standards of service. As with most downtown lodging, it is a *hotel* and not a *resort* in the comptemporary sense of the latter. That being said, there are a number of resort-like amenities available -- such as the spa, fitness center and business center.VALUE: If Union Square is your desired base of operations for your stay in San Francisco, the Sir Francis Drake offers some outstanding deals thourgh their online booking website. We were able to stay three nights for one-third the lowest rate offered by the Westin St. Francis just down the block. In this economy, that is a significant savings without giving up much in terms of luxury or amenities. LOCATION: You truly can't beat the location. a block up Powell Street from Union Square and all of the shopping that district has to offer. The cable cars stop right out in front of the hotel. The famous Dragon Gate entrance to Chinatown is walking distance four short blocks away.THE ROOMS: Ours was a 'Double Deluxe' with two very comfortable double beds. The room decor was very nice and fresh. The room itself was very clean and plenty large enough for my wife and I. Contrary to what others have written, the bathroom was every bit as large as you will find in most other three- and four-star hotels. If I were to have any concerns whatsoever about our room it was how few electrical outlets there were -- but I would only deem that a minor inconvenience.PEACE AND QUIET: Yes, the walls are somewhat thin and occasionally, we could hear the folks in the room next door trying to deal with their children. However, we did *not* hear the street noise others allude to. I suspect that is only an issue on rooms facing the street along the front of the building. Nor did we ever hear anything from the Starlight Room. Overall, it is a very quiet building for the most part.SERVICE: From the time we checked in and throughout our stay, every hotel staff member we interacted with was friendly and helpful. There was even a situation when we ran out of shampoo and called later in the evening to request an additional one from housekeeping. By this time, the housekeeping staff were not available, but in less than five minutes of calling guest services, shampoo was brought to our 7th-floor room by one of the building maintenance staff.FOOD: In addition to an excellent restaurant (Scala's Bistro) onsite, there are several dining options within a short walk. The famous Sears Fine Food restaurant (home of the Swedish pancakes) is directly across the street. Up on the corner is one of several downtown Lori's Diner locations. The Cheesecake factory is down the street atop Macy's Union Square store. Other eateries large and small abound.OTHER COMMENTS: Others had complained about slow and creaky elevators, but we rode all four and all were modern, quiet and efficient. Nothing to worry about there. We highly recommend the Sir Francis Drake and are planning to stay there again on our next visit to San Francisco.TRANSPORTATION TIP: If you are flying into San Francisco, skip the rental car unless you are going to be taking day trips outside of the city. Street parking is nearly non-existent and traffic tight in the central city and parking garages are expensive. Valet parking at the Sir Francis Drake was $44/day at the time of our visit. Instead, take BART (Pittsburg/Bay Point train) directly from the airport's international terminal to downtown (Powell Street station) and the hotel is 4½ blocks up Powell. Stop by the Muni tranit kiosk next to the cable car terminus and buy a Muni 1-day or 3-day passport for unlimited cable car, streetcar, metro and bus rides	
Jun 3 2008 	Location and Service	I stayed here for 2008 GDC (which was at the Moscone Center). It's a bit of a walk to there if you are not use to walking in a dense city. However, the location is great for everything. Plenty of restaurants and shopping (well, expensive shopping). Service was excellent. Little small, but that is what I expected. Don't expect to be able to see out of your window well either, but that wasn't an issue. The staff was top notch when I was there (sometimes these things change though). Let's just hit the bullets:Pros:- Location- Ambiance/Lobby- Good price for that Location and type of HotelCons:- Restaurant/Club overpriced.- Parking expensive (but you wouldn't need it anyways)	
Jun 3 2008 	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed at the Sir Francis Drake Hotel for 8 nights. I was a little worried the room would be too small for such a long stay, but it was great. I asked at check in if there were any corner rooms available, and she gave us one. The bed was very comfortable. Good closet space. The bathroom was small, but I expected that. At least the shower was nice and hot and adequate water pressure. Can't beat the location. My husband has a heart condition so didn' want to have to walk up hills etc. We were able to hop on the cable car to anywhere. I had heard about the dirty windows before we arrived, so I understood they're working on that with the city. It's too bad they're having such a hard time with the historical society with either cleaning or replacing them. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 3 2008 	Very central for shops !	We stayed here for four nights in April and were slightly perturbed by some of the previous reviews . But we need not have worried - you take this hotel with a pinch of salt - its old , but thats its attraction. The room was comfortable and the bathroom a bit on the tight side , but all was clean .The reception area is large ,plush and has a good bar. The real gem here though, in this hotel is Scala`s bistro on the ground floor , great food and lovely for breakfast too. In the evening get the elevator to the top and see the magnificent view from the Starlight Room , it has a serious bar and food is available - and on Sundays there is a drag act brunch !! .. Worth a mention as well ,is Kuleto`s restaurant just down the street , ..I would recommend this hotel for some serious shopping ... all within walking distanceWe had a great time.	
May 30 2008 	Awesome Location	We've just returned from a weekend at the Sir Francis Drake. We had a wonderful time. I found a rate online. I then found that the hotel will match some internet rates. So I called them directly and they did match the rate. Rooms on floors on floor 2-15 were $112; for $8 more we could get rooms on floors 16-20. We paid the extra. The price listed on the door in our room was $499 for 2 people. We had a fanstastic view of the city, Union Square, and a hint of the Bay. We had a king room on the 20th floor. Our only complaint was that we were directly under the dance floor of the Starlight Room and they have music til 2 am on the weekends. We were so exhausted from hiking around SF that it almost lulled us to sleep! Our room had a king size bed, a desk, a flat screen tv, a fridge (that had room to put our own drinks). There were only 3 drawers to put clothes however. The room had a huge walk in closet. Our friends stayed in a queen room on the 17th floor. They had the same amenities, but a different layout since it is an old building.We took advantage of the drag brunch at the Starlight room on the weekends. It was a hoot!The location is great! We took BART from the airport to Powell Street Station then hiked the 4 blocks uphill to the hotel. The cable cars stop right outside the front door of the hotel and go to two locations on Fisherman's wharf. It's $5 one way or you can purchase a 1, 3 or &amp; 7 day pass. We got the 3 day pass for $18. It's good for MUNI, cable cars, and trolley cars (everything except BART).There are plenty of restaurants, bars, and shopping in close proximity. If we ever return to San Francisco we will definately stay here!	
May 28 2008 	i was disappointed and room was dangerous	Stayed at the hotel for a business conference and extended our stay to see sights and family in the area. Booked our stay through the Kimpton program and then confirmed the room and specific requests (crib, coffee pot, childproofing items) that were available to Kimpton members. Checkin was prompt and pleasant. Room on initial inspection was clean, nice decor and small bathroom with deep tub. We had to call multiple times for the crib and coffee pot over the next coupla hours before they were received. Childproofing items were never received. On our fouth night there the air conditioning broke. Early the next morning I informed the front desk of the problem. At lunch I reminded them again. That afternoon I called twice due to the room being too hot for the kiddos to nap. Room temperature exceeded 85 degrees. Still no maintenance service. Spoke to someone at the front desk again on the way out to dinner. After dinner, no one had looked at the room yet. Went back down to the front desk and let them know that I was very unhappy at this point. Twenty minutes later maintenance finally arrived. (It's now 9.30 pm and the 3 year old and 3 month old are hot and tired. We have an early flight home in the morning) Arturo,the maintenance man, fixed a &quot;pressure problem&quot; and left. An hour later the air conditioning quit working again. We decided it was hopeless at this point and decided to go to bed. My husband thought to check the window to see if we could get any fresh air. The window opened easily!! We had specificly been put in this room on the 11th floor to meet fire code with the crib. My 3 year-old son had spent a good portion of the time in the room sitting of the window sill looking out the window. He would've been able to easily open it. The other window was barely fasted close with a screw.I informed the front desk on the continued AC problems and the danger of the windows as we were quickly leaving for the airport. I love old hotels. I prefer the character and history of them to the mass-produced chains. This is the primary reason I selected this hotel. Hopefully, the problems will be promptly fixed. But personally, I have grave misgivings about staying somewhere where my child's life was in danger.	
May 26 2008 	Great Lobby Ok Rooms	Classic lobby. You will be immediately impressed walking into the hotel (after you find it). Hotel is what you call a &quot;vintage&quot; location, the type of place you see in movies from the 40s. The bad news is rooms are small...really small, just like those old hotels. Walls are incredibly thin. I heard my neighbors alarms, showers and even snoring. Wireless is a plus. Didnt try the nice looking but expensive resturant or the &quot;number 1&quot; in San Fran club on the top floor, but heard some negative reviews from people in the elevator on the way down. Keep in mind I was there midweek so maybe it picks up on weekends. Location is great, near union plaza, a few blocks from the BART. Great food choices close by but you will walk a couple of those steep San Fran blocks. I wasnt looking for fancy places just local type dinning and found Lori's and the Pizza place just north of the hotel to be great places for a leisurely dinner. Would stay here again but only as a 2nd or 3rd choice. Beware of panhandlers. The walk from the BART during the day and evening was filled with homeless and panhandlers. TONS! About 5 each block. Be careful.	
May 24 2008 	1st time and not the last time	This was our first visit to the Kimptons Sir Francis Drake and on our arrival the parking was a bit mad outside the hotel front but Beefeater doorman was very helpful with the valet parking.The hotel it very clean and well presented. The room we had was a tad small but very well looked after by the Housekeeping staff. Location is great, with the ideal shopping places just around the corner.If we come back to San Francisco we will be staying at the Francis Drake!Thanks for a great stay.	
May 23 2008 	ALMOST Perfect	The Drake is beautiful. The staff was fantastic. The room was amazing. I arrived early in the day and was able to go right to my room. I wasn't happy with the view from my first room, and when Jeffrey from the front desk called me to see how I liked my room, I told him this and he was able to move me to the same type of room (corner room) but on a higher floor. The room was very clean and the view was great.My only issue with the hotel was that I was on the 19th floor and there is a club on the 21st floor. After 8:30, all I heard was music and bump bump noise. It was terrible!! If you like quiet, make sure you stay on a lower floor. I am sure they could have moved me had I asked, but that was the last thing I wanted to do at 10:30 PM. I called to see if they had earplugs and had a pair at my door within 5 minutes.Overall, very happy with my experience.	
May 18 2008 	Decent	My husband and I stayed here at the last leg of our honeymoon trip. The location is very convenient b/c it is right at union square and by the cable car stop. The rooms are very very small and of course expensive because it is San Francisco so I guess that is to be expected. The cable in our room was not very good and had very limited channels. We did not spend a ton of time in the room but it is always nice to unwind and watch something but not here. Our room was always clean but overall our stay was very average.	
May 5 2008 	Great Hotel; Great Location	Stayed here for three nights in April with four friends - it was a great experience. Check-in was efficient and we were allowed to go straight to our rooms despite arriving well before the 3.00pm check-in time. I loved the reception area and lobby - it was very grandiose! The twin double room was spacious, clean and the beds were really comfortable. We had a great view of Union Square and Macy's. I loved the Aveda products in the bathroom and dressing gowns (one in tiger skin print, the other in zebra skin print!) were an added bonus! The hotel is in a superb location - lots of great diners (try Roxy's just up the street from the hotel), restaurants (try E&amp;O Trading Company around the corner), bars and cafés within 5 minutes walk; Chinatown 5 minutes walk and right beside Union Square and great shopping! Also, the cable car ($5 per ride) stops right outside the hotel and brings you out to all that is Fisherman's Wharf. We also spent two of our nights in the hotel's top floor bar - Harry Denton's Starlight Room - this has spectacular night time views of San Fran, a comprehensive cocktail menu, excellent service, live music, hopping DJs, a busy dancefloor and a great atmosphere. I hope to go back to SF and would absolutley definitely stay here again - I have already recommended it to family and friends intending to travel to SF and all of the above for a fantastic price!	
Apr 29 2008 	Can't wait to go back!	We stayed last week for the first few days of our honeymoon and it was PERFECT! We traveled on to Napa after San Fran and I really did not want to leave the Sir Francis Drake!!!! Our King room was on a corner overlooking Union Square. It was incredibly clean, bright, and beautifully decorated.The staff knew it was our honeymoon and left a bottle of chilled champagne and a voucher for free drinks in our room while we were at dinner our first night. :-)I would like to compliment the staff as well, they were very enthusiastic and kind. Not stuffy at all just real people that value customer service. We had a fantastic time at the Sir Francis Drake, I will happily recommend it and look forward to going back soon!	
Apr 23 2008 	Great Stay	My wife and I stayed for 2 nights April 15th &amp; 19th. and were very impressed by the service and attention we rec'd from the professional staff, front desk, bellmen everyone. The location is perfect right off Union Sqr. I think we must have rec'd an upgrade as we found our rooms to be very spacious and had none of the problems some of the previous posters had mentioned. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a great experience in San Fran.Thanks to the staff at The Drake for a wonderful stay.....	
Apr 23 2008 	Great with the AAA rate!	After reading some of the reviews here, we hesitated in booking our stay here. In the end, the AAA rate ($125) was too good to refuse. The fact that the rate went down closer to the time of our trip was what convinced us to book. We were pleasantly surprised. The lobby makes a good first impression.We shared a standard king room on the 11th floor and found it comfortable, quiet, and sufficiently clean. If I were to improve the room, I would add counter space and towel bars to the petite bathroom. I noticed the bed sagged significantly on one side but it didn't prevent us from sleeping. (The staff should probably make a better effort to flip their mattresses.)Our standards of cleanliness are exceedingly high and it's worth noting that we were not uncomfortable here. I was able to overlook some chipping paint and some normal wear on the room's decor. The fact that the large window in the bathroom opened to the outdoors was a bonus!My personal preference would be to stay somewhere less touristy and more charming than Union Square, but if you want easy access to shopping and cable cars in an affordable historic hotel, this is an excellent choice.	
Apr 22 2008 	Great Stay at the S.F.Drake - Kimpton Scores Again	Ok. The windows are, indeed, filthy. I mean really, truly filthy on the outside. I will take on faith the explanation given earlier here on T.A. and not count it... but if I hadn't read it here first, it would have been a total turn-off when I arrived.... Having said that, we had a fantastic weekend stay here. First of all, the staff was very friendly and helpful. They helped us with directions, etc. etc. Always with a smile. They have done a nice job of redoing the rooms. The usual Kimpton tasteful decor. Ours was in the tower, with 2 double beds. We slept like babies. Perhaps because it is an older hotel, we heard no noise from neighbors at all. We were fairly close to the elevators and were worried, but it was never an issue. The bathroom was very small, but that's an old hotel for you. This is not a bathroom that can handle 2 people at the same time... but everything was clean and well maintained. They left more than enough towels... something I appreciate. The beds were great. Very firm. Just right for us. The sheets were wonderful. The top spread was covered top and bottom with clean white sheets. I love that. They are currently having a special for Hybrid cars. Vallet parking is FREE. That saved us, with tax, $100.00 for our 2 night stay... (typical downtown rate of $44.00 a night.) Lucky us! This hotel is the perfect location for shopping, theater, and exploring San Francisco. On top of it all, they accept dogs with no added (bogus) cleaning fee. It was the perfect hotel for a perfect weekend in San Francisco. I wouldn't want them to change a thing. (well.... ok... except the windows....)	
Apr 13 2008	Great Location Friendly Staff Excellent Stay	The Sir Francis Drake is perfectly located, in a nice neighborhood, with access to many types of public transportation. The staff is attentive, approachable, and friendly. The rooms are lovely . Very nicely decorated with comfortable beds. The bathrooms are a little small but what they lack in size they make up for in charm.One area for improvment is the temperature in the hotel lobby bar. The automatic doors constantly open and close, letting the wind into the space. It must be very difficult to heat (w/the high ceilings) but perhaps hanging a velvet curtain would help block out the wind.All around, though, a great stay. Thank You!	
Apr 10 2008 	The Drake is Great!	I have read through the reviews of this hotel before writing mine and want to clarify a few things based on my stay. First, this is a boutique historic hotel. When we arrived we heard another guest complaining about the size of her room, and I want to say &quot;what did you expect?&quot; If you want a big boxy standard room, go to the Sheraton. This is why you stay at a place like the Drake, because the quirlky small rooms are charming! We had a king bed (luxurious) in a smaller sized room right near the elevator on the 12th floor. Because this is an old building we couldn't hear a thing outside our door. Not a problem at all with noise. The bedding was very high quality, definitely Kimpton standard. The decor in the room was also great - mismatching striped wallpaper and headboard - also a great quirky feature of a boutique hotel. And yes, the bath was small. Over three days I think we probably spent a total of 30 minutes in the bathroom - does the size really matter? The best part of this hotel is its location in Union Square on the cable car line. You really feel like you in the middle of it all, and it is a great starting point for getting all over the CIty (right near the Bart, Muni, Cable Car, etc.) Also, the dining in this neighborhood is fabulous. Our best restaurant experience was at a Mexican place (Colibri) recommended by the Concierge! We booked on Expedia and got a great three day mid-week rate of $100 a night. The ONLY complaint I have about the Drake is the heating/cooling system (apparently new) in the room. Our thermostat was inoperable and the room hovered between 75 and 80 degrees the whole time we were there. We called to complain twice and either had no response or the fix didn't work (we were out when they came). Because we are from Seattle, I think we were pretty ok with a warm room in spring, but it was mildly annoying. I would definitely recommend this hotel for the value. Definitely above average.	
Apr 7 2008 	Quaint hotel great locaton	Loved this charming hotel! I'm a native San Franciscan now living in Las Vegas AND a travel agent for the last 10 years. This was the first time I have done the &quot;touristy&quot; thing in my own hometown as I was a tour guide for about 10 of my friends who have never been to the Bay area.The Sir Francis Drake is a landmark, perfect location to everythng.Service was great, rooms were nicely decorated- it was definitely a lovely hotel.Keep in mind that San Francisco is an old city with OLD buildings, most of the hotels downtown will be a little used and abused, however, they all do try to renovate to give clients nicer amenities without losing the old-fashioned feel of how San Francisco is supposed to be. Old Victorians, one way streets, rolling hills and old world charm- I never thought I would appreciate the history and architecture of San Francisco until I did not live here anymore...The Sir Francis Drake is the pefect embodiment of what Old San Francisco is supposed to be.I would stay here again and woud definitely recommend to my clients looking for a boutique hotel in San Francisco.	
Apr 7 2008	Avoid unless your goal is a sub standard experince	The Drake has a number of problems. To start it's very dated and smells very musty. The rooms were below average, peeling wall paper, broken A/C, dirty windows, dirty carpet, saggy matresses, and realitively rude staff. If interested, I would totally avoid this hotel. For the money I suspose it's worth it but if your paying $140 or more there are a ton of better hotels in the San Fran area. I've been visiting San Fran for over 20 years on business. I have stayed at them all and enjoy the experience of new hotels while there. However, the Drake was an absolute nightmare. AVOID my friends.	
Apr 6 2008 	Good value. Great lobby. Fabulous location.	Our family of five just spent three nights at the Drake. Although I was a bit concerned after reading TA reviews, I booked it anyway because the price was right. We had a king room on the 14th floor with two double beds, a pull out couch and a roll away for $248 including parking. This was very reasonable given the stellar location just off of Union Square and right on a cable car line. In addition, many of the other hotels I contacted would not allow a roll away to be added. At other hotels, we would have needed two separate rooms. In general, we were very happy with the room. We mostly appreciated the pillows. They were feather but not overstuffed like most. The mattresses were very comfortable. The room was still spacious even with the extra beds and very clean. The bedding, headboards, wallpaper and curtains are all new. The rest of the furniture was slightly worn but nothing horrible. Our only complaint was that we had difficulty regulating the room temperature. It was a bit warm so we just opened a window. We did not mention this to the front desk until checkout. It seems they have a new heating/cooling system and are still working out the kinks.If you like old, grand hotels, this is for you. The lobby is beautiful and ornate. However, the hotel is not fully renovated. Be preared for clean but dingy hallways once you get off the elevator. I asked the manager about future plans. They are upgrading their fitness center, then replacing windows and then renovating the hallways. On the plus side, the hotel restaurant, Scala, has great ambience and is excellent for dinner or a late night snack. We ate there twice. There is a Borders and a drug store (where you can buy multi day City Passes) just across the street. The cable car is right out front.The staff was very friendly and interested in our satisfaction with the exception of one of the doormen in Beefeater attire who was clearly dissinterested in answering our questions. In summary, we would definitely stay here again if the prices remain unchanged.	
Mar 31 2008	Nice centrally located hotel	The Sir Francis Drake is one of SF's 'grande dames' of hotels, which you can see by their lobby and their central location near Union Square. It also means that the hotel (particularly the hallways) is somewhat structurally outdated but the Kimpton group did a nice job renovating the rooms, incl. Aveda products and wifi-throughout the hotel. The service was very friendly. You should definitely check out the Starlight room on top for a drink with a view, and the close-by 'Crepe o Chocolat'-bistro for homemade organic foods (75 O'Farrel Street, one bloc south of Union Square)!	
Mar 30 2008 	Loved the Sir Francis Drake!	The SF Drake was wonderful! Its location cannot be beat for getting around the city and jumping on the cable car or walking over to Market St. to catch the new trains or over to Sutter for a bus. It is walking distance to many sights: Union Square shops, Yerba Buena Gardens and MOMA, the SF Center (now called Westfield) and of course, Chinatown. Our room was moderate in size...2 queen beds and a small bathroom, but was recently renovated and was clean and had a nice, stylish decor. I agree with what some have said about the windows...you really cannot see out of them because they are so dirty, but we were not in our rooms for much of the time and the view was not all that important to us. What we loved was the ambiance of the hotel...a charming, lovingly restored property that has a very friendly staff and provided all the ammenities we could have asked for. We traveled with our 2 young children and they loved the &quot;Beefeaters&quot; who stand guard the hotel and are happy to help or pose for photos. The lobby has a nice bar for meeting friends and having a drink. The hotel has an elegant feel without being too pretentious...it was comfortable and inviting. And, without doubt, the best location for getting around the Beautiful City by the Bay!!	
Mar 27 2008 	Worth staying if you're visiting San Fran	Enjoyed our time at the hotel. Good location, nice rooms, friendly service.They only thing I didn't like was that they could have a room for us at 2:30 PM for an early check-in but we just passed the time for 30 minutes getting a drink at the bar and the bartender was friendly.Will stay again at this hotel if we're in the area.Good to see that they had a LCD TV in our room.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Location! Definitelly "Historic"	I have stayed at Kimpton hotels before so I thought Sir Francis Drake would be another name on my list of great stays. While I thought the location was wonderful, there were a few things to be desired. The porters were extremely helpful and friendly as well as the doormen. The great service stopped there. We wanted to attend the &quot;Sunday's a Drag&quot; event at the Starlight Lounge, but the concierge was unwilling to help us book a table. Instead of answering questions she told us to look in the guide in our room and call ourselves. We called the hotel befor we arrived to inquire about transportation from the airport. We were basically told to check online and figure it out.The rooms were very cute. I love the decorative style of the Kimpton brand. Our room looked as though there had been some water damage on one of the walls adjoining the bathroom that had been repaired, but not very well. The wall was bubbling out and was squishy. The free wireless internet was great. It made it easy for us to look up things to do and see. The hotel bar was beautiful and the drinks were great. The maid service was great, our room was cleaned very well. I love the doormens outfits and cheery disposition. I also noticed the dirty windows, but had read responses by the management about the reasoning. We spent little time in our room so that didnt bother me. Overall I thought that the hotel was beautiful. I just wish the service had been a little better.	
Mar 23 2008 	Only worth it if the sleeping room rate is severly discounted	Paid $169 p/night -- booked online through travel wholesaler (Expedia). It's an old hotel so some latitude needs to be extended in certain areas. We specifically asked for a room away from the elevator and we were placed RIGHT NEXT to the elevator in what was little more than a converted closet. Still, it is hardly the value I was seeking. Small cramped room, miniature bathroom but I nice big closet. Good thing as there was nowhere to put any clothes; too bad that I had to turn on all the lights in the bathroom and the near the bed to see anything inside the closet.the hotel has had an upgrade to the HVAC system but hasn't bothered to remove the air conditioner from the window.The hotel rooftop also opens itself up for Wednesday night &quot;clubs&quot; so getting to your sleeping room is like accessing the Pentagon. The queue line is supposed to make the hotel guests feel like they are prioritized but it just makes it all the more ordinary. One more inconvenience in a city where choices are plentiful and the desire to ever return to the Sir Francis Drake becomes non-existent.Too bad that they cannot capitalize on their history in a manner that would make a guest want to return.	
Mar 16 2008 	Just OIK	I'm done with &quot;historic&quot; hotels. That means old, with problems.THE BAD: The rooms are small and the bathroom is pathetically small (4 x 5 not including the tub). No room to put anything. If I was by myself, maybe I wouldn't have cared as much, but I wasn't there alone. Everyone has their &quot;thing&quot;. I would not stay here again because of room/bathroom size. The bathrooms are newly tiled, though.I called engineering for clogged toilet. It wasn't clogged; just old -need to hold the handle down 5-10 seconds to flush properly.If someone takes a shower in the room next to you, it couldn't be louder. The starlight room charges hotels guests a $15 cover to &quot;stand&quot; at the bar. All the chairs are taken away we were told, to allow more people to order drinks without obstruction. ARE YOU KIDDING ME???THE GOOD: The good is what many other hotels in Union Square have - location and service - I can get a better room and deal in many other hotels.	
Mar 5 2008	Generally pleasant experience; good value for the money	My husband and I were in San Francisco to visit relatives and stayed for 3 nights at the Sir Francis Drake. At $99/night, I can't rate too harshly. The hotel pretty much met our expectations - somewhat old and faded, but offering a decent standard of accommodation and service.The man at check-in was very nice and gave us a &quot;triple upgrade&quot; in room class. So goodness knows what were were supposed to get for our $99. We ended up with a corner room on the 16th floor that had something of a city view, although it was mostly blocked by the 'utility terrace' outside the windows. (There were satellite dishes, cables, tarps, etc on this 'terrace' - more on that later).The room had been pretty recently renovated, not using the finest materials and craftsmanship, but well enough to make it cheerful. The bed was comfortable and we were happy with the room temperature. The bathroom was modern but tiny. We had a tub and shower, no problems with water pressure, although we did have trouble with a broken sink stopper. Our biggest complaint was the windows. They are old and we were in San Francisco on a rainy and windy weekend. The windows rattled all night long, and the tarps on the 'terrace' outside our room blew like flags unfurling all night long. We live in Manhattan, in a prewar apartment overlooking a major avenue, and this was the noisiest night we've ever spent. The windows definitely need to be replaced!We didn't spend much time at the hotel, but the staff members we interacted with were friendly and competent. For $99/night, I definitely feel we got our money's worth.	
Feb 19 2008 	Lame excuses and system failures	Stayed at the Sir Francis Drake for two nights last week. I have used several other Kimpton hotels, and they have all been very enjoyable stays, so my expectations were reasonably high when we checked in.After two nights at this hotel, I can only say that this hotel must be the exception to the Kimpton brand of hotels and their excellent service and ambience overall. When we entered our room, we could not see through the window, neither could we shut it properly. It looked as if the window had not been cleaned since the hotel opened for business in the 1920's. When I told the front desk about this, they claimed that the hotel is undergoing renovations and therefore the windows are dirty. In addition, the windows had been recently cleaned (!), and were due to be replaced soon. Pardon my ignorance, but there was absolutely no information on this in my room, and there was nothing to indicate ongoing renovations.Another thing that irritated me is that the front desk failed to wake-up me at 6 am, although we had asked for this specifically, since we were catching an early flight. The front desk feed-back was: &quot;Yes, your request is in our system, but the framework does not work&quot;. I asked again, and was told that in plain English, the internal hotel system for wake-up calls was not working. Lucky for us, I woke up a few minutes before 6 o'clock and we made it to the airport in time.Finally, I used the business centre to access the Internet. The exorbitant rate of 23.80 USD per hour is very steep in my view, particulalrly since the two computers I used did not work. I was still being charged the full price. When I asked an agent at the front desk, I was told that the computers are managed by a third party, and guess what, I had experienced another system failure.In conclusion, I think Kimpton is a great hotel chain, and this particular hotel has an unbeatable location. That being said, I would strongly suggest to stay clear of this hotel. To be fair, we were offered a 15 % discount, but I still left the hotel with a bad taste in my mouth.	
Feb 18 2008 	Dusty old glory	If you want to live the legend, leave it to the imagination. The hotel is dusty, old and nothing special. They did a fast and cheap renovation in 2007, you can totaly see the unrefined job. The concierge had no clue about concerts or events in town, he had to check everything on line while I was standing waiting..I could do it by myself!	
Feb 13 2008 	Stylish -- almost luxurious	We chose the Sir Francis Drake as an alternative to staying home during a neighbor's all-night party, so all we really needed was a quiet, comfortable place to sleep where we could also bring our dogs. The room was stylish, although certainly not luxurious. Even though we chose a Tower Queen room (an upgrade from Queen Petite and Queen Standard) our room was on the small side. There was plenty of room to move around, and even a large desk, but one side of the bed was up against the wall (no end table). The bathroom was well-appointed but truly tiny -- you basically have to sit at an angle on the toilet to keep from impaling yourself on the TP holder -- although at least we had a tub/shower (most room categories apparently don't). It felt like a NYC hotel bathroom.It took more than an hour, two phone calls, and a visit to the lobby to finally get a dog bed and bowls to use during our stay -- which we were offered when we checked in. None of the employees seemed to know where they were, or who to ask. Kimpton hotels pride themselves on being pet-friendly, I would have expected better. We were exhausted and just wanted to get to sleep, but we were unable to do so because we had to wait up for the bellman to bring these items.If you're travelling with pets -- who might be over-excited by the noise and festivity of the lobby bar on Friday night -- you can enter off the Sutter Street side of the building and take the elevator from the lower lobby straight up to your room.	
Feb 13 2008 	Extrremely clean and pet friendly hotel!!	Love this hotel!! The workers are all so nice. The location of the hotel is so awesome &amp; best part of all this hotel is pet friendly!! They DON'T charge a pet fee!! We had two queen beds &amp; an awesome view of Union Square (Macy's building &amp; more) I would definitely stay at this hotel even if it was super expensive because it's well worth it! I love the decor in the rooms too. We had three dogs with us (two beagles &amp; a bassett hound) Good location for you to bring your dog out to go pee or poop across the park in front of the hotel.	
Feb 12 2008 	Good Location so so rooms	This hotel is just nice compared to many of the hotels in the San Fransico area. The doorman &quot;thing&quot; is pretty cool. There is a bar at the entry -way but in the cold months it can be really chilly sitting there. The rooms are only ok. They need some major updating, especially the windows, they were so old and nasty, I thought I would get lead poisoning just by looking out them. The decor was ok. This is a great location for sightseeing, close to everything. The staff was really nice.	
Jan 30 2008 	Fantastic location great service	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in January and were very pleased. We arrived early Friday (11:30am), so our room wasn't quite ready, but by the time we grabbed some lunch and came back we were able to check in. The staff was very courteous and helpful. Requests for a heating pad and extra pillows were answered within 5 minutes. The room was clean and cozy, and plenty big enough for the two of us. The bathroom needs additional shelving space to put toiletries since the vanity is small. It would have been nice to unpack those items rather than have to keep them in the beside drawer. The bed was comfortable, and the shower head was great for tall people. We never had to wait more than a few minutes for the elevators. One quibble is we were not able to get the room cool enough for our liking while sleeping. It would only go down to 66 degrees, and I am not sure that it really was that cool in the room. We would have opened the windows while we slept to get it a bit cooler, but there are not screens and I didn't want a stray bird wandering in. For most people, not getting the room cool enough in January is probably not a concern.The location is terrrific. We bought a 7-day Muni pass for $24 and did not need to rent a car. The cable car stop is right outside the front door, or, it is a short walk to Market street to catch a trolley car or bus. The location of the hotel is by far the biggest asset. There is so much shopping, dining, and activity all around. We would definitely stay here again on our next trip to San Francisco.	
Jan 28 2008 	Great Location.	Stayed here for two nights. The hotels location was ideal. I flew into SFO and took the BART straight to the Powell station which is located in union square, then walked 5 minutes to the hotel. The hotel staff was very accommodating. We did have one incident, the sheets on our first night weren't in the cleanest condition we called the front desk and they delivered some clean sheets. Overall i enjoyed my stay at the Drake.	
Jan 27 2008 	Hip Hotel - Postive Experience	I stayed here only one night for business, but it was a memorable stay. Perfect location near great shopping and restaurants. Very helpful staff. Smallish, but super comfortable room. The bed linens and comforters were do die for. Super quiet. I slept like a baby.	
Jan 25 2008 	The Drake Was Wonderful Again	My wife and I stayed in January at the &quot;Drake&quot; for the second time in four months, and our stay was again wonderful. Comfortable room, fantastic location, friendly and helpful staff; one could not ask for more. We walked to and ate in great restaurants. The best stores for shopping are all around you. We are looking forward to returning to San Francisco and the &quot;Drake&quot; soon.	
Jan 14 2008 	Great Stay	My Boyfriend and I stayed at the Sir Francis Drake at the end of November. We got a great great deal on this room. It's location is perfect. The cable car stops literally in front of the hotel and can take you all the way down to Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel room was small (but we didn't feel like that was an issue because we were out sight seeing the entire day). The room was decorated cute and the bed was very comfortable. The hotel entrance is very nice and they have a small cafe connected where we ate breakfast and lunch a few times. We found the hotel staff to be very nice. Overall I would stay here again, like I said, it's a great location. Right in the shopping district.	
Jan 14 2008 	Location Location Location	Great location. Highly recommend staying in Union Square as opposed to Fisherman's Warf. It only took us a couple hours to be bored and done with Fisherman's Warf. This hotel was a great location. It is a little noisy (and we were on the far side from the trolleys on the 11th floor). However, we actually enjoyed the street noise and trolley bells as it added to the feel of being in San Francisco. The room is small, but we went with the deluxe room and it was well worth the money. Most importantly, the room and hotel were clean and in nice condition and the bed was comfortable. I would recommend this hotel. A tip to save some money - park in the sutter-stockton garage (in the quad between sutter, stockton, bush and grant streets). In is a short block and a half walk and saves considerable money compared to the valet only offered by the hotel.	
Jan 7 2008 	Great location!	I booked my room at the Drake during Kimpton's 24-hour sale and got a rate of $99/night (and that included New Years Eve!) For that rate---literally steps away from Union Square in San Francisco...it is difficult to say anything negative. I stayed 3-nights on a business/pleasure trip during the holiday. I stay at Kimpton's because they are comfortable, dog friendly and usually have great restaurants/room service. The Drake isn't one of their newer properties, but it is nicely decorated. As some have said, it is showing its age---but is has been maintained. The location cannot be beat! The hotel is next door to the Saks in Union Square. It is across the street from the famous Sear's restaurant (the ever present line moves quickly- it is worth the short wait.) Note: If you are able to get a good rate at the Drake- you will not find a better location!I found the friendliness of the staff to be 50-50. Some were very friendly and helpful---others couldn't be bothered. This could have had something to do with it being a holiday. The hotel was obviously very busy.Upon arrival I found that they didn't have my Kimpton number in my reservation (even though I had made the reservation through their site.) I did not receive the usual welcome amenities, robes, etc. I was traveling with a pet and usually they will bring up a bed, water bowls, etc. None of this was provided. They were so busy I didn't bother worrying about it. Hey, I paid $99...I wasn't going to freak out over a robe and a bottle of water. :)The room service menu is limited and it stops at 11PM (although I was told by the operator they stop taking orders at 10:30PM.) They also closed at 2PM on New Years Day. Nice for their workers...a bit of a hassle for guests planning on staying in that night. I stayed in room 1204. There was zero street noise and the hallways were very quiet.The standard free wireless worked great in both the lobby and room. The work area in the room was comfortable. The cable worked fine. They provide standard channels, but no movie channel (HBO, Showtime, etc.)The bathroom amenities are a basic brand (not the L'Occitane that you find at some of their other hotels.) They were well stocked. The linens and towels were good quality. The beds and pillows are very comfortable. The mattress is soft and comfy---which I love. However, if you are looking for a really firm mattress...this might not be the place for you.Valet is $44 + tax/ night. They say to call down 40 minutes before you need your car. Call early...It took them an hour and 15 minutes to bring my car. It is Union Square and traffic is tough...plan ahead. While I didn't find the Drake to be a typical Kimpton...it is certainly a decent hotel. The location is great, comfortable beds, free wireless---if you can get a good rate---there is no reason not to stay at this hotel. Definitely a great hotel for tourists!	
Jan 6 2008	Poor/Rude Service	We did not stay in the hotel, fortunatly. My family and I left Saks, 8:00, when the store closed. We arrived at the resturant around 8:15 and waited about 15-20 minutes for a drink. While in the bar we were accosted by a begger from the street. (We should of known then)-when I mentioned it to the staff they ignored me. The wait was not unusual-given the time of year and no reservations. We were seated in the wine room. Very nice. It took our waiter another 20 minutes to even awknoledge us-we had to ask for bread twice. That should be automatic. The waiter was very abrupt and rude. Finally at 10:30 we got our bill for pizza!! A chef from the kitchen spent 80% of his time in the restuant visiting with friends. If the kitchen was that busy, why was he not cooking.I found the staff rude, aburpt and I would RUN-NOT-WALK as fast as I could from this terriable establishment. I am so glad we did not have to spend the night there.Holly Moeri	
Jan 3 2008 	Great hotel	I can't understand all the negative reviews for this hotel. Yes, it's not in perfect condition but you're also not paying $400 a night like you would be at some of the higher end hotels in San Francisco. Through their web-site, I was able to get a room for $134 per night. I thought the staff were very accommodating, friendly, and willing to assist where ever they could to make sure our stay was pleasant. We stayed in a room with two queen size beds on the 5th floor. The sound proofing was excellent for being in the heart of the city. I didn't hear any noise coming from any of the nearby rooms and the hotel was totally booked. The location is stellar. You are right in Union Square. The bathroom was very small but typical of a bathroom in a busy city such as San Francisco. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 2 2008 	accentuate the positives...	My partner and I had the opportunity to stay at the Sir Francis Drake just after Christmas for three nights, where we were joined by my mother-in-law. The hotel is conveniently situated in the heart of Union Square, next to all the fantastic shopping that surrounds it. The hotel is charming from the beefeaters at the door, to the grand foyer and lobby. It is out of a different era.We had booked an Executive King for ourselves (room 925)and a regular Queen for the mother-in-law. Upon check-in, I was pleasantly surprised to see how big our room was. I believe that two rooms had merged to create a larger suite. The interior designers have had a lot of fun decorating the rooms. They are very unusual and kitschy, but at the same time stylish. Our room had a couch and chair, desk, king bed, bar fridge, tv, etc... all the usual touches. The only thing missing was an in-room safe and coffee maker.The bathroom was large with both a shower stall and a tub, but had a small vanity which made it hard to place all our bath products. The hotel supplies Aveda products so the quality was high. The bathroom decor fit the period style of the hotel, but was recently updated. There were a couple of problems with our room... the biggest being its location. All the executive kings face Powell Street, which you will soon find out to be a bustling thoroughfare that is busy from morning to midnight. The clang clang clang of the trollies and other street noise will most likely keep some guests up at night. (they offer earplugs at the front desk, which I took advantage of.) I wouldn't recommend this side of the hotel for people who can't handle street noise. And there are other noises beyond that... early morning garbage trucks... and drunks leaving the Starlight Room... One minor problem was the dirty windows in our room that you could hardly see out of... I am not kidding... it looked like years of dirt and dust... the windows in this room were still single pane, so this might be a reason for the noise, too.My favorite part about the room was the bed... It is very comfortable.My mother-in-law had a much smaller room on the back side of the building... and it seemed much quieter. This room was small by anyone's standards... with one of the most claustrophobic bathrooms I have ever seen. I kid you not, but you almost have to sit on the toilet to brush your teeth or do your makeup. You might have two square feet of leg room. I wouldn't recommend the queen room for more than one person... and never for a big person... There is no room to move.All in all we had a good stay. I would recommend making sure you get the right room for yourself. The executive king was great but there was the noise factor... I wouldn't want the smaller room. But if all you want is a good comfortable bed, then go for it. The SFD's location can't be beat, with everything at your doorstep and the staff is friendly.I would recommend this hotel, but with a few caveats... but I would stay here again if the price was right. I have stayed at other Kimpton hotels in the past and this one seems just a step below... but the hotel has a certain grandeur to it that you won't get in a boutique hotel. I would have given it four stars had it not been for the noise...	
Jan 2 2008 	Nice stay at the Drake	We stayed at the Drake 12/29-1/1/08. The location is wonderful. We took the Bart train over from the Oakland airport and the Bart station was just down the hill. The cable car to Fisherman's Wharf stops right in front of the hotel. If you come to shop Union Square is where you want to stay. The room was clean and the bed was the best hotel bed I have ever slept in. We arrived early and our room was ready. There were 6 elevators and they moved quickly. The only bad things I can think of were the limited TV channels and the dirty window. We will stay at the Drake on our next visit.	
Jan 2 2008 	Sir Francis Drake is fantastic...	The Sir Francis Drake is fantastic... especially for the price. The rooms are very nice - not huge, but very nice. The staff is excellent and the common areas are beautiful. Parking is pricey... once you are in the city, you don't really need a car - leave it at home if you can. You can't go wrong at the Drake.	
Dec 31 2007 	Overall positive experience	I just spent 1 night at the Drake with my mother and my 8-year-old daughter. I got a very good rate, although valet parking will add another $50/night to the cost.There were a few minor snags with our stay. It was quite busy in front of the hotel when we pulled up, and it took several minutes to get the attention of someone to help with the car. We removed our luggage ourselves. Our room wasn't ready, which was no big deal because it was only 11 am, several hours before check-in time. We stowed our luggage and went off into the city. When we returned several hours later and checked in, it took a really long time--over half an hour--for someone to bring our luggage up. And even though I'm a Kimpton In-Touch member (which was acknowledged when we checked in) there was no welcome amenity in the room. So I called down and they did bring one later.The good points outweighed the bad. The staff were all very friendly, and someone called the room about 6:30pm just to make sure everything was okay. The lobby is spectacular. The room itself, a queen-queen tower room, was clean and nicely decorated and had a great view (though the outside of the windows badly need washing!). The beds were very comfortable and the room itself quiet. And the location is fabulous. Union square is right down the block, and Chinatown and several museums are within easy walking distance. If you want to wander farther afield in the city, public transportation is easy to get to. And what could beat lying in your bed on a foggy night and listening to the cable cars clanging 17 floors beneath you?	
Dec 27 2007 	Loved It!	I loved the Sir Francis Drake and unlike many of the reviews did not experience any negatives with the room. The lobby and public areas are gorgeous and the room was comfortable, decorated with a modern deco flair and the bed was heavenly. The staff was very very friendly and helpful and the neighborhood is of course incredibly convenient to everything - Union Square, public transit, etc. I highly recommend a stay here - we had a King tower room and think that if you try one of these you will not be disappointed!	
Dec 24 2007 	Great hotel; great location	My husband and I stayed at the Sir Frances Drake Hotel for two nights just before Christmas to celebrate my birthday, and had a very enjoyable visit. This was my first time staying at the hotel. our room was a King Delux, and while the room was not huge, it was plenty big enough for us with stylish decorations and good quality bed linens. The bathroom was a good size and the Aveda products were a nice touch. The hotel is in a lovely old building with a grand lobby with lots of character. But what really made our stay special was the staff. Everybody from the Beef Eaters and the bell boys to the front desk was friendly and helpful. When we arrived the bell boy helping me with our luggage told me to ask at the desk for Macy's coupons before going shopping. We called room service for robes and they were at the door almost immediately. When we went to the fabulous Starlight Room for a cocktail the host was exceptionally nice and made us feel both welcome and special, and because we told him we had dinner reservations elsewhere he made sure that our server was aware that we had a time constraint. Kudos to whoever is responsible for staff training.I have stayed at far more expensive hotels in this country and abroad, but rarely have had such consistently good service. I will definitely stay at the Sir Frances Drake again.	
Dec 20 2007 	Okay but not as promised.	I stayed at the Sir Francis Drake December 14 -16. I was advised of a $99.00 promo rate on Travelzoo, and was directed to the Kimpton Hotels website to book the room. Because the promo rate didn't come up on the Kimpton website, instead showing a $119 rate as the promo rate, I called a reservationist on the toll free number and was told that the $99 rate was sold out. However, the reservationist told me that the $119 rate (also a promo rate) was for an upgraded &quot;deluxe&quot; room on a higher floor in the &quot;tower&quot; section of the hotel. When I checked in, I was given a room on the 9th floor -- not a &quot;higher&quot; floor. The room had to be a standard room. It certainly was not deluxe. Although the hotel staff were pleasant, it was difficult to get the concierge to answer when dialing from the room. Additionally, the bathroom was tiny as was the closet. The wallpaper, though stylish, was peeling from the wall in places. The window -- the outside at least -- was so dirty that it was difficult to see through the dirt. All of the above aside, the hotel is very well located and a great example of 1920s hotel architecture. Also, the room was clean and the bed was comfortable.	
Dec 10 2007 	Perfect Location!	This hotel was in the the Union Square area. It was in the perfect location for both sightseeing and shopping. The cable car route has a stop directly in front of the hotel - just walk outside and hop on the cable car to get down to Fisherman's Wharf. This is a historic hotel so the room (King Deluxe) was small - very much like European hotel rooms but it was very comfortable. I had a corner room that looked out over Union Square and the holiday decorations were beautiful to watch. The staff were all very pleasant and helpful. I would definitely stay here again!!	
Dec 4 2007 	Great Location Nice Amenities	A friend and I came to SF to do some shopping and to see all the holiday decorations around Union Square. It was great just walking around, it was so pretty at night with all the trees and lights! The hotel's location is very ideal, as it's basically right next to Union Square. The decor of the lobby is beautiful. We got a Queen Petite Room and the name of it is spot on. It's fairly small. We didn't mind since we weren't in the room that much. The room was clean and the Aveda products are a plus.The Starlight Room on the 21st floor is pretty cool for the view and the dancing though a little pricey for drinks. The lobby bar was not crowded like others have posted but it was a Sunday. There's a bartender there that won best bartender in SF I guess. He was nice and seemed to have a local following. I also heard the drag show at the Starlight on Sunday afternoons are fun to see, but we missed it by 1/2 hour.What would make this hotel even better though is if the staff was really friendly. The service was really just okay overall. Check-in was good. but it actually seemed a bother to get help on a couple of occasions with directions, to get our luggage or to get restaurant recommendations. As some of these employees are the first people customers encounter, I would think the hotel would strive for exceptional service out of them.Luckily, the price and location overshadowed the service. We got a great rate for the room. At that price and being so close to Union Square, I think we would definitely stay at the Sir Francis again.	
Nov 28 2007 	You Could (Should) Not Ask For More	My wife and I stayed at the Sir Francis Drake for three days beginning the Friday after Thanksgiving. We chose the hotel based on: location, price and reviews. What a happy surprise our choice turned out to be! One half block to Union Square for the lighting of a huge Christmas Tree! Just pure luck on our part. Directly on the Powell-Hyde St. cable car, Union Square entertainment, shopping, restaurants, etc.etc.etc. You could throw a rock in any direction and hit more good restaurants than I have ever experienced in New Orleans. Great service. Every question was met with a smile and courtesy. Prompt friendly bell service and free room upgrade. Super decor, restaurant and night club atop the hotel with tremendous views. While waiting for our table at Scala's Bistro, which is in the hotel, the hostess walked out of the restaurant, up the stairs to the lobby, and found us at the bar to tell us our table was ready, all with a smile. Its a great old hotel in the city center; built years ago so expect the bathrooms to be smaller than you would wish for. I said small, not inadequate.Some tips: use public transportation while staying here. You have direct access to cable cars and buses and parking is too expensive. My best tip is to call the Muni phone number any time you want a bus or cable car. They will tell you exactly when and where to stand to catch your transportation and you get a human to talk to. Please take the 9x bus through China Town going to Fisherman's Warf. You really experience China Town that way! Free airport shuttle would make this hotel a 10.	
Nov 21 2007 	The Drake is Great!	My wife and I did a four day trip to San Francisco to take in a few baseball games and the City. We have been to SF several times and stayed at various places around the city. I found a great rate at the Sir Francis Drake on their web site and reserved a room. Great rate and no money up front. The Drake is a fine classic hotel in the perfect location. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The rooms are a bit small, but all have been refurbished and are quite comfortable. Since SF is a great walker town, a right turn out of the front door leads to three straight blocks up, up and up before you start going down, down, down towards Fisherman’s Wharf. Excellent way to wear off breakfast. For those who want to pass on the walk, the classis cable car line goes right in front of the Drake, so just hop on! The light rail train to the ball park is a short 6-8 blocks away and a great, cheap way to get there. The staff at the Drake arranged for a rental car (Napa Valley trip) that was picked up and returned within 6-8 blocks from the Hotel. Very convenient in a city that is hell to drive in. We both highly recommend the Sir Francis Drake.	
Nov 20 2007 	Great Location Great Room	My husband and I just returned from a great (though foggy) weekend in San Francisco. The Drake is located in a perfect location in Union Square. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The bathrooms are small but for my husband and I it didn't really matter. I did think that if I was staying here on a girl's weekend, we would sure be stepping over each other!! The hotel decor is a lot of fun and definitely unique. The only issue we had was with the Lobby Bar, we tried to get a drink there before dinner both Friday and Saturday nights but it was so busy, we couldn't even get near the bar to order. There were functions both nights, so we just went elsewhere - no big deal. All in all the Drake was great and we wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.	
Nov 17 2007 	Drake was fine	We stayed at the Drake on Nov 7-9. No issues. Our room was on the 8th floor facing the back. We did not experience a problem with noise (that other posters mentioned). Staff were fine -at check in; luggage delivered prompltly,check out &amp; door man were fine. Bar service was a bit slow on late Friday evening. Elevators were fine when we arrived mid week but slower later in the evening on Friday. Bathroom was very small but it is an old San Fran hotel. Overall it suited us fine. J&amp;L, Vancouver,Canada.	
Nov 13 2007 	Enjoyed the stay.	We stayed at the Drake this past weekend and enjoyed our visit.The room is typical of a room in a older hotel, small and a bit cramped. But the key for me was that the room was clean. We were on a lower floor and the noise from Powell street can be heard late into the night. Soundproofing the windows would be nice. We had one issue with the room and it was handled within 15 minutes. The front desk was curtious and the doormen were helpfull.Overall I enjoyed my visit but next time I will know to ask for a room not facing the street.	
Nov 10 2007 	No Customer Service	I stayed at the Sir Francis Drake hotel from 4 to 8 November 2007 and checked out yesterday. I am writing this review from Hong Kong airport as I have some time here before catching my next flight. I am coming from San Francisco and was there to attend a confernce and was staying at this hotel. There are few fantastic things about the hotel it's location, build out, old stuff preservation etc. but when it comes to the customer service, it is really horrible. At several occactions, I called someone from the housekeeping but no one ever turned up. At the time of checkout yesterday, I called a bell boy to take my luggage downstairs, I made 3 calls in one hour but no one came up. The lady always said, &quot;Sir,I'll send the bell boy right away&quot;. after 75 minutes, I walked down and requested to send someone and to emphasise, I repeated my request. I don't creat scene but the bell boy finally arrived after 15 minutes, so it took them 90 minutes to send me a bell boy from my first call and he was not curtious at all rather arrogant. I also requested for the bell boy from the housekeeping staff I saw on the floor, the lady bluntly replied, &quot;this is not my job&quot;. I think that the Drake staff need some serious training or their Managers should go and spend two nights at Ritz Carlton, anywhere and they'll know what Customer Service is. The Elevators just don't work. Although there are 4 elevators but I never saw working two at the same time. You'll have to wait as long as &quot;never&quot; for the elevator as I had to use stairs several time to avert my frustration waiting!!!!!Only the location of the hotel is good but the customer service, housekeeping, conceirge is disasterous.I have decided not to stay in this hotel again.	
Nov 4 2007 	WHAT A DUMP!- kleenex stuffed in holes in roof!	Such a dump. Really horrible. We joked that our feet hung out the door as the room was so small. Elevator situation is a disaster as you wait forever. What renovation????The place is so rundown is isn't even funny. Our shower had a hole in the ceiling with kleenex stuffed in it. Disgusting. The hotel seemed like a firetrap to me. I would never, ever, ever stay there again.	
Oct 24 2007 	Very disappointing	We just returned home from a 4-day stay at the Drake. We received a special rate and felt it was still not worth it! The rooms are minuscule, walls paper thin, and the amenities non-existent. Street noise (even conversations among pedestrians) was very clear. We will not stay with this brand again.	
Oct 8 2007	A real mixed bag	Sir Francis Drake hotel is a difficult one to review for me, as it did some things brilliantly, and some things rather badly.Let's start with the positives. The location is great. The rooms are lovely - very modern and stunningly themed, as you'd expect from a Kimpton hotel. The room service food (served from the Bistro downstairs) was possibly the best ever food I have had delivered to my room - I had a stunning pan-seared salmon fillet one night and a house pasta the next, both amazing. It's rare for me to get excited about room service food, but this was really, really good.Onto the negatives, and this mainly relate to the service: the staff just weren't as accomodating / helpful as they could have been - perhaps they're taking the olde English aristocratic thing a bit too seriously? Upon checking in, we first had an issue where our booking reference wasn't being accepted - and the receptionist rather patronisingly suggested we had the wrong hotel and attempted to direct us to another hotel of a similar name nearby. After insisting that we were in the right place, he checked with a more knowledable colleague who explained to him that the number I was giving him was from some sort of central reservations system, and hooray, our booking was found. Not a great start. Then, despite the fact that our rooms had already been paid for, the receptionist attempted to put a hold on $900 on my credit card, the cost of the rooms (despite the fact a third party had already covered their cost), plus $100 per night incidentals. I explained that I didn't understand why this had to be done, as our the cost of our stay had already been paid for, but his system insisted on doing it that way. Unhappy with him putting $900 on hold on my credit card I eventually just gave a cash deposit of $100 for each night, and we evenutally checked in, after about half an hour.That was the biggest issue, hence my still fairly high rating. We just felt on occasion the hotel staff didn't really make things as easy for us as we'd expect in a hotel of this calibre. That said, the rooms are gorgeous inside, and I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 4 2007 	location location location	this is a superb, quirky hotel in a fantastic location, 2 mins to union square and a cable car stop at the front door, the rooms are quite nice, if a little small but really clean, only downside is there is a bit of noise from the street but overall an excelent place to stay	
Sep 24 2007	Great location with minimal problems	A good hotel in the heart of Union Square. Great service and location. The only problem was the street noise! they are currently in the process of upgrading their windows so if you stay here, make sure you request a room that is facing the back of the hotel otherwise you'll be hearing the garbage bins being emptied at 4am every morning. the rooms are pretty tight (we originally had a queen petite room which was so small the closet door wouldn't even open all the way) so go for a queen deluxe. room after a few room switches (because of said noise), we ended up in room 1028 which is a great size. Other than that, the service was fantastic. Rooms are clean and beds are comfy	
Sep 19 2007 	Love the Drake!	We stayed at the Drake for 4 nights in September. I was slightly worried before we got there because we were due to arrive in the evening after a very long journey from the UK. I was very pleased with what we found. Check in was quick and easy, the room was extremely comfortable and charming, the shower was brilliant. I really can't think of anything to complain about! I'm very suprised there are negative reviews on here, but then they seem to be mainly about individual rooms. Ours was on the 3rd floor and we had no real problems at all. We found the staff to be really friendly and helpful, they booked our tickets to Alcatraz for us and gave us plenty of maps and directions. The location was fantastic. There are shops and restaurants nearby, and right outside you can get the tram down to the pier. I would recommend doing this once, but after that there is a very good bus service which is faster and cheaper. I worked out the bus routes from a map I got from the hotel lobby. We had breakfast once at the caffe espresso directly next door, which was very nice, and also once at Sears across the road (make sure you're hungry!). Over all, I would definitely recommend the Drake to others as a good budget hotel. I'm really glad we stayed there. And I love San Francisco! p.s loved the beefeaters too!	
Sep 11 2007	Great all-around hotel!	Like the last poster, we really enjoyed the Sir Francis Drake. The hotel staff was helpful and pleasant, and they even let us check-in early. We had a queen deluxe room, which was a king bed, and had plenty of room for two people. There wasn't much of a view, but the staff told us up front that the Sir Francis Drake isn't a &quot;view&quot; hotel. The walls are a little thin, but that was the only drawback, and it was minor. Great location in Union Square and on the cable car line.	
Sep 3 2007	Honeymoon	The Sir Francis Drake met my expectations from what I read from other reviews. It is an old hotel with a lot of character. It is centrally located in the Union Square area. It is within walking distance of Union Square shpping and attactions. We had a Queen Deluxe room (the bed was a king so we may have had an upgrade). It was reasonably large with a walk-in closet. The room decor was very nice. There was some cracked paint on the ceiling but this did not bother us (it added to the hotel's character). Based on other reviews, I expected this and think cracked paint is pretty common. The rooms were otherwise clean and in good order. The bed was very comfortable.The cable cars stop in front of the hotel but they are often full before they reach this stop. If we were going to the Fisherman's Warf, we would walk to Market street and take a street car. It is much easier to catch cable cars on the return trip. The Starlight Room is a nice nightclub with great city views. Contrary to other information I received, the dress code is now casual, and a jacket and tie are no longer required.	
Aug 19 2007 	drake stay	Hotel is in a wonderful location right next to Union Station. The lobby and main areas are very pretty. The rooms are very small but well appointed. I was surprised that they charged to use the internet for minutes. Also the ice machine on the floor didnt work	
Aug 16 2007 	Good location...that's about it!!	We stayed at the Drake from Aug 10-13 and from the moment we checked in, we had a below average stay. First, they screwed up our reservation....we reserved 2 double beds and they gave us a Queen. We complained and they told us that they were overbooked and couldn't do anything about it. When we went to our QUEEN room and it was tiny! The TV wasn't even in front of the bed, it was on the side. The bathroom was so small that it made me sick. We then got a call that we had been moved to a double bed room. This was much better and bigger...yet still small. But it was a huge upgrade from the Queen room. The location is great! Close to shopping and great restaurants! I would recommend Sears across the street for breakfast...it was awesome! The Beefeater doorman is also a nice touch. However we waited for our luggage for close to an hour. I would not recommend this hotel, but I guess it would do if you were in a crunch. We had a special wedding rate so I think the $300/night is way too much for this place. Also, they charge you $44/day to valet your car there. All downtown hotels do this, so I would not recommend renting a car in downtown SF. You can cab or walk it. If we ever go back to SF, we will not be staying at the Drake again.	
Aug 13 2007 	Beautiful Historic	Very nice for the price. The room was small, but thats what you get in San Fran. Very clean, nice staff, pet friendly. The location can't be beat, center of Union Square. Room service was a little slow.	
Aug 11 2007 	Stolen Watch	After checking out of my room and realizing 20 minutes later I had left my watch on the nightstand, I immediately called back to the hotel and they guaranteed me no one had been in the room yet and they would get it and put it behind the front desk for me to pick up after my event. Unfotunately, whoever entered the room (which appears to be many people) stole the watch and therefore they claim no one was ever able to find it! Nothing makes me more upset or disappointed when I know that someone is lying and I am out of a piece of jewelry that had alot of meaning to me.	
Aug 9 2007	Great location historical hotel but not luxury	The Drake’s high points are its location a ½ block off Union Square and the historical beauty of the hotel evident in the ornate lobby and dramatic exterior. Check-in was just fine and the staff was polite and professional. But who goes to a hotel to hang out in the lobby? We had a queen corner room on the 18th floor with a gorgeous view of Union Square and the Westin St. Francis. The bed was a comfy pillow top and the smallish bathroom with new porcelain and marble finishes had Aveda products and served its purpose. A large person may find the bathroom a bit cramped. Room served its purpose well in terms of sleeping and bathing accommodations, but found some of the finish work in the newly renovated rooms to be sloppy. You could tell that the interior painting was rushed as the detail work around the old windows and fixtures was sloppy and the carpet was coming up in a few places along the wall. The outside of the windows were incredibly dirty and the hallway to the room was dark and depressing. I suppose that some these flaws could be expected in an old hotel, but the missed details prevent the Drake from being a true place of luxury.	
Aug 6 2007 	Great value for the money...	I was a bit skeptical about heading to San Francisco... I wanted to be near my conference, but didn't want to spend that much to stay AT that hotel... Plus, I'm a smoker. San Francisco is pretty much a non-smoking city, including most of the hotels. Bummer.Fortunately, my request was honored - the hotel has ONE last floor that is smoking (which one of the front desk guys mentioned they were considering getting rid of it), but I can't tell you how stoked I was to be able to smoke in my room (advice to mgmt of SFD - there is a market for allowing smokers to honestly smoke in their rooms. 99% of the hotels in your city won't let it happen, but personally I will pay more for the privelege. Just a thought).My room was two double beds- I would have prefered a king, but oh well. The bathroom was a bit small but not a big deal. Good use of the space, at least. Large closet, free wifi, free coffee until 6:30am (after which I could buy coffee in the cafe), all-in-all I was very impressed with the hotel, the location and how nice all the staff was. I can't say that I've had any other experiences at all with hotels in this city, but unless they eliminate the smoking floor, I'm certain I'll be back.	
Aug 6 2007	OK but needs major renovation	3rd time at this hotel. Small very clean room, but really dirty windows, so dirty that we could not see through them...no exaggeration! Also windows don't shut because of window mount A/C units, so you get a lot of street noise (they need to remove these units now that they have central A/C). Hotel staff very pleasent and helpful, location very convenient to BART, cable cars, Union Sq., etc. as others have mentioned. Scala's and patisserie on corner also good. Hotel must have been grand 80 years ago, but needs a major overhaul. The infrastucture is really worn out and needs replacement. If you are looking for a resort hotel go to the Mark Hopkins or similar, if you want a convenient place to stay then this hotel is fine. Also, don't let them put you under the Starlite room (21st floor) unless you like disco music. Ask for a floor at least 2 levels below.	
Aug 6 2007 	Theft in our room	Our son's gameboy and games were stolen from the room on our first day. The hotel was very slow and very accusatory towards us when we wanted to file a claim. Needless to say the claim was denied, although they did acknowledge the fact that the entire staff had been replaced for a few hours on that day for a general staff meeting! Jennifer B from NY	
Jul 30 2007 	New room renovation is GRRReat!	My wife and I needed a night in city this past weekend and the Sir Francis Drake was a perfect getaway. Located 1/2 block from Union Square the SFD is in the middle of SF's best restaurant and shopping. Check-in was a breeze and within 5 minutes we were in the room. With limited availability the only room remaining was a deluxe queen, which normally could dissappoint, but with new bedding, plasma TV and a view of Union Square it was tough to keep the smile off our faces. The bed was excellent, room was clean and offered plenty of space. I'd recommend any travelers looking to stay in the heart of the action to stay here. We will be back.Tip: Starlight Room is a great bar at the hotel but could be loud if you are staying on 20th floor. If staying on a weekend be sure to finish out the night dancing at the Starlight room or request a room on a lower floor if going to bed early.	
Jul 27 2007 	The Drake	The hotel was in a great location,very central to shopping sightseeing and restaurants. The public rooms are beautiful,and our hotel room was very nice with a good view but very small.The key card stated that complimentary wine was served in the evening and morning tea and coffee was available,on enquiry I was informed that the wine was discontinued and that the morning tea/coffee was available between 5 and 6 am only! As there were no facilities in the room I found this disappointing.all in all though I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 25 2007 	Sir Francis Drake not St. Francis	My husband thought he booked us in the St. Francis (Westin) that is in the same neighborhood. The location of the Sir Francis Drake is its biggest asset I concur with what others have said--unusual sort of medieval decor--our young adult children said their room reminded them of Alice in Wonderland. Cheery decor, no. We walked to Union Square and always found a cab right outside the door. Beds, linens, bathroom soaps, very nice quality. Front desk staff was very accommodating.	
Jul 24 2007	Elegant all the way!	This hotel is located right in the middle of union square. When you walk in, the lobby is absolutely breathtaking!! This hotel has the sophistication of old San Francisco. A bit pricey, considering how much you have to pay for valet packing, but we loved our stay here, and will definitely come back again on our next visit.	
Jul 11 2007 	WOW!	Wow! This hotel was amazing. It may be in need of some renovations but it was clean and comfortable. I enjoyed everything about my stay here. Uylessus at the front desk was amazing!!! If you are wondering where to eat ask him... he will send you to some amazing resturants that aren't over-run by tourists! Just don't plan on using the concierge for anything... only once during our entire stay did I even see someone at the desk. Overall, this was an extremely cost effective place, close to everything, and was very pleased!	
Jul 11 2007 	Great hotel great location disappointing service	For the price and location, the Sir Francis Drake was probably the best value I've had at a hotel. It is steps from the Powell Street BART station, the cable cars and bus routes. It is also right at Union Square and surrounded by great shops and restaurants. The rooms are small, but keep in mind it is a major metropolitan city, and the rooms are usually small to accommodate all the people staying. While small, they were not uncomfortable in any way and were kept very clean. The only downfalls we experienced were small inconveniences from poor service. Hotels that master the art of &quot;the little things&quot; are always the best. This hotel is still working on mastering &quot;the little things.&quot; For instance, we had three people in the rooms and were there for 5 nights. On only one occasion were there three sets of towels. We had to call every time and they would bring giant stacks of towels. Unnecessary. They would also take the drinking glasses and not replace them. And we also received a bit of condescension when we left our boarding pass information they promised to book as the flight opened to get the A passes. We called 20 minutes to remind and it had not been done and we ended up getting stuck in a different boarding group. While some of the service issues were frustrating, it all comes out in the wash with a charming hotel with great period details and a perfect location and reasonable price.	
Jun 27 2007 	Downtown special	The Sir Frances Drake Hotel on Powell St. in downtown San Francisco was a great find for our stay. We could get where we wanted to go easily and plenty to walk to from there. Staff was accommodating and very helpful. Room was spacious, closet huge and very clean. We had a 15th floor room with a great view. Beds were soft and comfortable. Rate through Expedia was good considering comparing others in the area. I would definitely stay there again on a return trip.	
Jun 22 2007 	Great Service!	Stayed here for one night on a Saturday. We loved the location - very convenient to walk to everything in San Francisco. Next time I would stay near the Presidio because I loved it, but this is the best location for shopping if you want to be near everything. I loved the Aveda bath products. The room was small, and so was the bathroom, but it is an old downtown hotel and I expected that. Valet parking was $46, but it was that much at all the other hotels I looked at, too. I think it is just a part of being in San Francisco. Hotel was super close to a BART stop, which was great. The concierge and front desk people were the best part of the trip. They gave great directions and recommendations and were very pleasant. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 18 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	Stayed for 1 night in a queen size room. First impression of the hotel was nice, liked the lobby. Front desk person was very nice, check in was quick. Room was on the smaller side, but had everything we needed. Bed was very comfy. Bathroom was fine, shower pressure good. We were on the 17th floor, quite quiet actually. We went to a wedding reception that was being held at the hotel. All of the staff seemed very personable. Starlight room was lovely. We got a great price for this hotel so we really enjoyed our time here.	
Jun 18 2007 	A nice hotel at an excellent location.	If you choose this hotel, you're choosing it mainly for location and somewhat reasonable price. It's right downtown in the heart of the shopping district.The hotel itself is quite grand, but a bit outdated. The rooms are somewhat small, old, and a bit dark. Because the rooms are old, there are more stains on the walls, etc. The rooms are well maintained though and are clean and nicely decorated. The free internet was great. The housekeeping service was prompt and provided nice soaps, shampoos, and lotion. Overall the rooms are nice, the free internet is great, and the location is hard to beat. Our favourite hotel in San Fran is still the Stanford Court. Their customer service is just amazing. The Drake does have a slightly better location though.	
Jun 14 2007 	A Terrible Disappointment	Let me just start by saying that this was our first trip to San Francisco. My husband and i decided to &quot;ditch&quot; the East Coast when it came to our vacation this summer and go to Sunny California. I had some expectations of this hotel, but not to many given the fact that i had spoken twice to their Concierge, Ken prior to our arrival and both times he was dismissive and rude. I was trying to arrange some activities prior to our arrival and he told me that i didn`t need to book anything in advance ( never mind the fact that i didn`t want to spend my vacation planning my daily activities, hence i was trying to do it in advance) and when I asked about different tour companies that organized day trips outside of San Francisco, he described one of them and let me know that it was for &quot;outdoorsy&quot; people( you think?) and he didnt care much for being in the car for 3 hours on the way to the American River. I actually thought about moving our reservation to another hotel, but it was too late.The hotel itself is very old, but it does have a lot of charm. The lobby has somewhat of a feeling of grandeur but the years of neglect can easily be noticed. The check-in was pleasant, the Front Desk interaction being amongst the few pleasurable ones we had while we were there. The room was very small and very contrasting in what the decor and upgrades were concerned ( the Front Desk upgraded us at check-in because our room was not ready- i didn`t want to see the room we were initially in if THIS was an upgrade). The room had new curtains, new headboard ( with some very suspicious stains on it), a large flat screen TV, 1 night stand, 1 desk and chair. The bathroom seemed remodeled ( new vanity and commode) until you pulled back the shower curtain and you saw the old stained, chipped bathtub. Overall cleanliness- OK Anyway, the room was less important because we spent most of the time sightseeing.The Concierge Staff at the hotel was still rude and dismissive during our stay so we tried to stay clear of them and on our departure day we called 4 times to arrange for transportation to the airport, left a Voicemail and never heard back from them. Every time we would call the Hotel Operator to let them know that we were trying to get a hold of the concierge and they kept transferring us to the same extension that we had already called and that nobody answered. We finally went downstairs and we were informed by a patronizing Ken( same one as above ) that arranging airport transportation required for us to be physically present at his desk ( which no one had mentioned during our repeated transfer calls) and that he was extremely busy right as he walked in so he had not yet been able to return our call ( although when we arrived at his desk he was not even there and we had to ask the FD to get his from the back area).The conclusion.... I haven`t stayed at any other hotels in San Francisco but I the next time i`m in SF i will gladly try another one. Sir Francis Drake was not bad, and certainly the physical imperfection could have been overlooked if the staff was spectacular. But...	
Jun 6 2007	BEWARE!!! THIS HOTEL HAS THEFT PROBLEMS!!!	The rooms are small and the cleanliness was about average; just about what you'd expect for the price in San Francisco. We were fine with this, until we left our room on the 2nd day and returned to discover that our camera had been stolen. On our way out later that evening, we overheard a member of the hotel staff admonish a bellman because 3 bags had been stolen that day as well. When I reported the the theft to the management, I was told that their insurance company would contact me. Six weeks later, and after about a dozen requests for help, the insurance company told me they were denying my claim. The hotel acknowledged that someone using another key did enter the room that day (not to clean it, though...it was never cleaned that day), but since I couldn't remember exactly what time I returned (it was SIX WEEKS LATER), they wouldn't pay my claim. My advice would be to steer clear of this hotel. There are plenty of other good hotels in the area, and I'm betting their management is a little more careful with their guests' property.	
Jun 5 2007	not worth the cost	i dont see why everyone finds this hotel to be so wonderful. first off, the parking is absurd. its $50 a night. and although it is quite convienent to have you car valeted whenever you need it, the cost is ridiculous. my hotel reservation email stated the parking would cost $30 a night, not $50. also, the tv went out for hours at a time and no one came up to help us fix it after a couple phone calls. and the channels suck.the maids knocked on the door every morning at 9am while we were still sleeping, and sometimes even opened the door on us. (there were no 'do not disturb' signs in the room).the room is cute enough with nice decor, but that doesnt make up for the size. you can hardly turn in the bathroom. i just wouldn't recommend this hotel for the price.	
May 16 2007 	I can't believe the reviews are this bad...	Went for a &quot;girls night out&quot; thing this past weekend and I stayed in a 2-queen room - it overlooked Union Square from one side and the Embarcadero from the other. The beds were incredible, and the furnishings and bathroom were great. Service was excellent, amenities were nice, and they left a little welcome amenity for us. The noise level in the room was good - unlike a lot of San Fran hotels it's nice and quiet at night. Went to the Starlight Room at the top of the hotel and had an absolute blast - live band, luxurious surroundings, but somehow the atmosphere managed to be comfortable and friendly. The worst I can say about this place? Well it's an old hotel and in some instances the halls are narrow. There are some places where the paint on the walls bleeds in to the ceiling. But the good things about this place more than make up for the little detractions. I think the hotel is under new management and has just completed renovations - I think the reason it's rated so low is it was formerly under poor management. All I know is it's one of the best deals on Union Square and it's also really nice - way better than the Hotel Union Square and I'd also say nicer than the Diva, and more whimsical and comfortable than the Park Hyatt, and more personal than the Hilton. Out of those four (which I've stayed at recently), I'd choose the Sir Francis Drake again above everything else - it's the best value.	
May 15 2007 	Famous Hotel should actually be Infamous	Judging by its famous name, I'd booked this hotel for four nights. I was outraged by the fact that the service was not comparable to its reputation. I was given a room that shares the wall with the elevator shaft, and asked to be moved. They promised to move me the next day; however, my request was skipped, and I had to wait an additional day. The rooms are quite small, and one can hardly turn around in the bathroom without bumping into anything. (I stayed in a King Deluxe). Despite this, the location is one of the best in the city.	
May 10 2007	Four Days at the Sir Francis Drake	Just returned from 4 days with my son's 7/8th grade class at the Sir Francis Drake hotel.It is in a great location for walking to Union Square, the Metreon, Chinatown and the really nice Mall opposite Powell Cablecar/Muni train/Bart Station.The staff is helpful and one evening there was even complimentary wine/nuts in the lobby around 6 pm. The view bar on the top floor was filled with really nicely dressed, really young people and there was 80's disco music playing! We went in for one drink, $10 and a $5 cover charge on a Thursday night!As with all old hotels the rooms are pretty small as are the bathrooms, but the carpet was new, the bed, nice and the linens were very good. Nice puffy duvets; no plastic blankets. You could not open the windows though.The ice machine on my floor did not work, so I had to call the desk every time I wanted ice. The heating/cooling system was a little quirky, but maybe that was because I did not know how to work it! My phone, a cordless, kept losing it's charge so one evening I had to call the desk for my ice on my cell! Someone came right up and fixed it though. Also my mini bar fridge never really got cold.The room was booked through our school;I gave them a check for over $600 for 3 nights, I assume they got a group rate. So I think it's a pretty average deal for the money.All in all I would recommend staying there even though I wish there was a little market nearby. It's close to transportation and the staff is very friendly.	
Apr 26 2007 	Close to Everything	We stayed two nights at the Sir Francis Drake in April 2007. The hotel is clean and the rooms all have been remodeled. We had a King Deluxe room. The room is small. Fine for two people. The bathrooms are about the size of a half bath/powder room. Very small.The Starlight Room has a cover after 8:00pm. Go early to avoid the $20 fee. The hotel does not offer free passes. Gorgeous views. The hotel is a trolley car stop and they do make a lot of noise.The location is the best in the area!! Next to Saks, Tiffany, tons of stores. Across from Sears Diner. We saw a line of about 100 people outside (Sunday Morning). So, we ate there on Monday (no line)!! Wow!! Great food!! I understand the line!! Try the famous Swedish pancakes. Overall, great location, small bathrooms, good service, and the best pricing!!	
Apr 25 2007 	Great Service-Fine Hotel	I Just returned from staying at the Sir Francis Drake hotel and it was an excellent experience. Check in was prompt and professional. The room was a deluxe double at the end of the hall. Therefore it was very quiet. The mattress was very comfortable and the room recently renovated. Yes the bathroom was small but not as small as in the hotels in europe. It had black granite and a useful dimmer switch that was handy. The view overlooked union square and macys. All in all I would recommend the hotel as even the restaurant &quot;Scallys&quot; was very good and open till midnight. In compairson to other hotels I have stayed at in San Fran. I would give it 3.5 stars. I would stay there again since the location is perfect and the price was very good also. I don't understand some of the negative reviews as I travel every month around the globe and this hotel is very fine. Absolutely recomended indeed.	
Apr 24 2007 	Loved the Drake!	We loved this hotel. The service was absolutely wonderful and the staff couldn't be any more hospitable. The rooms are lovely and well maintained and the hotel lobby is beautiful. Room service was excellent and came to the room in a timely manner. Every request was met within minutes and with a smile....................I have already booked this hotel again for a stay in June. Many thanks to the staff of the &quot;Drake&quot; for wonderful and welcome experience.	
Apr 23 2007 	Unbelievable customer service	I stayed at the Sir Francis Drake with my fiance and my three children. We arrived very late on a Friday night (after midnight). Knowing that their room service closed at 10:00 p.m., I called earlier that day and made arrangements for non-perishable food to be left in our room. When we arrived, tired and hungry, the food was nicely laid out in the room as requested.While the hotel is older, the rooms are very comfortable and clean. The lobby is beautiful and the staff was polite and helpful.Unfortunately, my 9-year old daughter came down with the flu and was extremely ill when the time came to clean up the room and check out. Several hours after checkout, we realized that she had left her Nintendo DS, with all the games and carrying case, in the room. I immediately called the hotel and informed them of this situation. I followed up both in person and by telephone, but the hotel was unable to find the Nintendo. I therefore e-mailed the manager of the hotel explaining the situation to her. She launched her own investigation of the disappearance of the Nintendo -- to no avail. Then, to my surprise and the extreme pleasure of my daughter, Ms. Kershner informed me that the hotel would pay to replace my daughter's system. I informed her of the cost of the system and the games, and several weeks later, a check for that amount (plus some truffles, yum) came via Federal Express.This experience made my entire family a HUGE fan of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel!	
Apr 15 2007 	Good value and location	We booked our stay directly through the 800# at Kimpton Hotels. It was easy and fast. The hotel is in a very good location and is a good value for the money. The beds were very comfortable and the room we had (executive dbl dbl) was spacious but the bathrooms are small and can only allow one person at a time. The only negative I had was a standoffish staff member at the check in desk who confirmed my room type and saw that we were a family of four but never took the time to advise me that the extra sofa bed I was needing and expecting would not be in the room. So, we went to our room, found that it was missing, and had to call down to the front desk and inquire. We were offered two roll away beds, which I accepted. They filled our room completely but at least we all had a bed to ourselves. The hotel was a little bit dirty and certain things were left on the floor our entire stay! However, I still maintain that this is a good value given the prices of hotels in Union Square. Tip - park in the parking garage a block away for almost half the price of the hotel's valet service - $26 versus $45.	
Apr 13 2007 	Great Hotel In Central Location	My husband and two sons (ages 9 and 11) stayed here for three nights during Spring break. It's a beautiful historic building and the rooms, though &quot;cozy&quot;, are very nicely appointed. The doorman in his Beefeater uniform was very friendly and helpful and the Concierge was also very helpful. Parking is pricy ($45) per night for the valet, but anything in this location is bound to be. I loved the historic interior decor. My only complaint is that our 8th floor window was very dirty. Ask for an upper room. From the higher floors the noise from outside is just a pleasant city hum. From the lower floors, the constant ding-ding of the cable car could be annoying. On the plus side, there is a cable car stop right in front of the hotel. Also, the location is great if you like to walk to things like Union Square and Chinatown. Don't miss Sears Fine Foods just across the street. Really liked this hotel.	
Apr 12 2007	Nice hotel great location	Beds are comphy the staff are frendly and its a good price in a great location. The room may not be the largest I've ever stayed in,but if I wanted to stay in my room I would have stopped at home. The room was clean and the shower was powerfull and hot oh yeah the resturants are nice too.	
Apr 4 2007 	average hotel	we attended a wedding in the hotel in general the hotel was fine the room was very small infact so small one of the closet doors could not open fully. the bathroom was small but had a wonderful shower. The staff at the hotel were very helpful and friendly and the location of the hotel was perfect. I was dissapointed that the gym was not open but it is due to re open soon. The Star Light room was a nice place to start off the night and the q's for the lifts could be avoided by using the guest acces to the elevators located to your immediate left on entering the hotel. We read many different reviews on this hotel and were put off by them but now having stayed I would recommend it as a reasonable 3 star hotel not the most fancy but in a great location however rooms size is a problem. If you could afford to upgrade to a suite it would be well worth the money they were beutiful and very spacious. I would also recommend using the hotel cars for airport runs €35 one way.	
Mar 31 2007 	Mini-Accomodations in a fine old building	Stayed for 1 night and went to an event in a meeting room on the 2nd floor.Flew in to SFO and took BART into the city.$5.15 and just much easier and faster than you may think, practically door to door. Checked in at noon without problems. Front desk was very nice.They assigned me room 1232. Ran up to the room to dump my stuff and was surprised at the size of the room. Tiny. Maybe 8x14.The bathroom was in miniature too. Sink and toilet facing each other with about 18 inches between them and the bathrub ran the length, about 2 inches from the sink and toilet. Really small.In the bedroom, there was a full size bed, 2 small bedside tables, desk, chair and console with a TV and minibar.I don't mind small rooms when I travel alone, so the size did not bother me at all... It was just that I had only seen a hotel room this tiny once before (at the W on Lexington in NYC).Now, on to the funkiness of the hotel. It was pretty funky. The bed was clean and the table tops and such were clean but the walls were really nasty and the carpet was this very dark purple-y brown color. It did not look dirty... It was so dark I felt it must be dirty. The walls looked as if someone shook a hot can of coke and spewed it all over. The bed was pretty comfy but the pillows were both very firm.I ran down to the lobby to find a place for a quick bite. I stopped by the concierge and asked for a good sushi place and he recommended a place on Cyril Magnan (sp). I told him that was a little further than I wanted to walk right at the moment and was there anything good within a block. Keep in mind that there are probably 20 restaurants within a block. He turned into a [--] and rattled off 5 places in a second and when I repeated the only one I understood he said yeah, but its not that good. He was just very hateful. Kind of miserable. I was the only person there and there was no reason for him to get nasty when I ask for something a little closer. I mean, is a 2nd question too much to ask a concierge? Argh.So, I decided to go to the diner directly across the street. Sears is a good old fashioned diner. It's always good but the food is quite heavy and unhealthy... tasty though. I went to the event and thought the catering and event planning was good. The appetizers were good. Nice staff. Pretty meeting room.Then we headed to the sushi place recommended earlier, Hana Zen. Maybe it was an off night... pretty presentation, but only OK.Back to the hotel... Got ready for bed, took a shower where there was pretty low pressure. The tub is pretty long (maybe 5 or 6 feet) and deep. It was much better suited for a bath... which I decided to do. I cleaned it a little (just in case) then relaxed and read a magazine. It was nice.Check out the next morning at 930am and walked back to the BART station.San Francisco is beautiful. I wish I could have stayed longer... This hotel is in a wonderful location and I would stay here again if the price was right.	
Feb 27 2007	A bit " Faulty Towers".	Stayed for 5 nights in November, 2006. Room was comfortable, king bed, comfy pillows, internet access. Windows were a little dirty and bathroom was &quot;unusual&quot;, but I put that down to the fact that it is an old hotel. Keycard on door failed to work for us on several occassions and when reported to front desk, the person on duty was very obliging and offered us free coffee vouchers! The tour desk girl was unprofessional as she took several private phone calls while trying to arrange our tour. My major concern was security as there are several entrances to the hotel anybody can have access to the lifts and we found a &quot;homeless&quot; person trying doors on our floor. I was not comfortable in the lifts on my own. The location is great. The only reason I would not go back is because of lack of security.	
Feb 16 2007	location is excellant BUT..........	Stayed at the Drake for 2 night s in mid January. While the location is excellent be aware of certain issues. First, we got a great rate on a hotel website, only $89 a night, what a deal! BUT parking $90!!!! $45 a night...! I expected the parking to be expensive, maybe $20 a night. $45 is just way too much.. The check in was easy and the front desk staff friendly. Our room... VERY TINY, especially the bathroom.. seriously, there is barely room to turn around... but the room we thought was very nice and classic looking. Another plus, the bar/restaurant on the top floor (oops forgot the name)... its very very romantic and the views are beautiful.	
Feb 8 2007	Good location tiny bathroom	Spent three nights at the Sir Francis Drake on business. The Good: - Great location. In the heart of shopping and restaurants of all price ranges. Directly across the street from a Walgreens and in the same block as Tiffany's &amp; Saks. Borders is also across the street.- Comfortable bed. Nice quilted pillow-top mattress.- Terrific food. The food at the conference in the hotel was better than the restaurants than we visited.The Bad:- Tiny bathroom. There was more floor space in the bathtub than in the bathroom. You could sit on the toilet and wash your hands in the sink. There was no room for a toilet paper holder so the TP sat on the back of the toilet. Very little counter space.- The pillows are fluffy and soft. I piled two on top of each other to get enough firmness.- No coffee maker. There was a DVD player but no coffee maker. Go figure!- High parking fee, even higher for an SUV or pick-up. Park at the Union Square garage down the block if you don't need in-and-out privilege.	
Jan 10 2007 	Great location - Clean - Classy	This hotel is located right downtown in the Union Square area, very close to great shopping and dining. We stayed in a queen room which was surprisingly small. Very little extra room for anything, such as large suitcases or the in-room yoga program the hotel advertised. The bathroom was also very small. However, this hotel is undergoing renovations, and our room had been redone very recently. The furnishing were stylish and modern, the bed was VERY comfortable, the room had high-speedwireless internet, large TV, quality pillows, AVEDA bath products and plush robes. I enjoyed staying here because everything was clean and comfortable and new. I do wish the room had been a little larger - my sister and I found ourselves chatting after dinner in the lobby rather than our room because it was too small and confining. The concierge was great with restaurant recommendations. Also, watch out for the $45 dollar/day parking charge!	
Dec 20 2006 	First Class Hotel	We didnt stay here but did a sight inspection as part of work (I am a travel agent).The Sir Francis Drake Hotel is part of the United States largest boutique hotel chain – Kimpton Hotels. This property has a ‘First Class’ rating which I believe it deserves. It is located in Union Square and has a wide variety of shops, restaurants and cafes within walking distance.Rooms are of a smallish size, with striped décor (Cream/Sage). The hotel also offers a &quot;Mind. Body. Spa&quot; program with in-room spa services, Yoga channel on every TV and complimentary yoga accessories for use during clients stay. Sir Francis Drake Hotel also has its own luxury nightclub – Starlight Room. This nightclub/bar offers fantastic views of San Francisco.The Powell/Hyde cable car goes straight past the entrance of this hotel so it is also very easy to get to Fisherman’s Wharf and Pier 33.This hotel had a very elegant feel to it and would suit couples, families with older children and business travellers.	
Dec 13 2006 	Sometimes someting goes right...	The hot and cold reviews for the Sir Francis Drake are amazing. They scared us a bit. We had stayed there in several of its configurations. Generally the experience was good.This time I asked for some special arrangements for a welcome in the room as we were arriving the afternoon of the Thursday of the Thanksgiving weekend. Every detail that had been confirmed by e-mail had been looked after beautifully.True, the hotel is a landmark. That means lots of “quirky” things can be expected. Like a room that could not accommodate bedside tables, and limited space in the bathroom so room robes were available only upon request. Lots of coats of paint on old doors. Definitely not glossy and new – but clean, very well appointed, and with great views and location. Our Expedia price was $131Canadian for a king deluxe on a higher floor. That included all entertainment and WIFI. When we phoned for robes- we were expecting the standard issue white. However some wilder designer seemed to have taken over with terry cloth animal prints. Definitely quirky. But in an oddly nice and offbeat way This accommodation, combined with a transportation pass that allowed for hopping on and off all cable cars and buses as much as we wanted for a daily rate, made for a memorable stay.Bottom line – we would go back	
Dec 11 2006	Don't do it!!!!!	The great location can't make up for this really badly run hotel. The first night we had to wait in line to use the elevator to get to our room -- there is a very popular nightclub on the 21st floor. There was no security at the elevator, and we didn't want to cut in front of already drunk people to get to our room. We were then kept up for hours by a whining window fan/AC. The next morning at 8am we were awakened by hammering. They moved us for the next night -- I immediatle tried the window a/c -- and it too was noisy. But on high it was quiet-ish. After waiting in line that night for our elevator again, we got to our room with a party going on next door. We turned on the fan (on high, of course) to drown them out. It was fine for a couple of hours, then started sounding like a car fan hitting a radiator. We tried sleeping with it off, but the street noise reverberates inside the a/c units and you hear every noise. I walked down at 3am to talk to the front desk. I was polite, but said I didn't think that this should be a problem paying over $200.00 a night for a room. He clicked on his computer and sniffed, &quot;through Expedia.&quot; Yes, through Expedia, but I STILL paid over $200 a night! On the plus side, they gave us free ear plugs. They say they're renovating, and the window fans are going, but that doesn't stop the elevator lines. And anyone who thinks it's acceptable to rent (very expensive!) rooms to people with malfunctioning equipment cannot be trusted.	
Dec 5 2006 	Excellent Classic Hotel	The reviews are wrong. This is an excellent, classic hotel located one block from Union Square. We had a large, pretty room that was recently renovated. Sign up for Kimpton's affinity program and take advantage of Kimpton matching any advertised rate. The hotel is half done with a complete renovation. Skylight Room on top floor has wonderful view of SF. Caffe Europa is excellent too. Free wireless. New fitness center to open soon. Friendly beefeater dressed doorman. $96 rate too!	
Dec 2 2006 	Hated this hotel	I had to come to San Francisco for a meeting - my favorite city, so I was excited. This hotel could ruin that. The first room I was given was on the fifth floor. I requested a non-smoking room and the odor of smoke when we stepped off the elevator was overwhelming, but it was nothing compared to the condition of the room we arrived at.First, someone had urinated all over the toilet. The vanity was also covered with debris. We should have been alerted by the garbage dumpster that sat outside the door in the hall.Upon our complaining, the hotel &quot;upgraded&quot; our room to the 20th floor. Here, we enjoyed the sounds of the disco UNTIL 2:00 A.M! This is the worst hotel in San Francisco. Please stay anywhere else unless you like to ride to your room in an elevator covered with vomit from an intoxicated guest to the disco upstair or stay in a substandard room at competitve rates. Wake up manager or owner. This is a disgrace!	
Nov 21 2006 	Terrible Kimpton Hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights as part of a group in SF for a trade show. The room was smaller than your average cruise ship cabin. The bathroom the size of one on an airplane except with a shower that would not drain on the side. A window that has not been washed in more than a decade. The real kicker was the renovation that went on above and around us from 8:00 am to 4:00 pm and then after debris shiffted in the night at 6:00 am on the one morning we could sleep in. When it started I went into the bathroom because I thought the ceiling had fallen through. We were given the option to move for an extra $120.00 per night which would have made our per night rate $270.00 plus taxes. I have stayed at many Kimpton Hotels over the years and they should be ashamed to call this property a Kimpton.	
Nov 17 2006 	HATED THE SERVICE and the room	I booked a king room and got a queen. The sheets had blood stains on them. The sheets were ripped and did not fit the bed. Now the mananger is saying that I lied about the whole thing. The hotel is WAY over rated. I could have stayed at a motel 6 and got better service and better sheets to sleep on.	
Nov 10 2006 	Sir Francis Drake don't judge a hotel by the lobby	Okay, So I did. I had read the mixed reviews on this site. But I didn't believe them. I loved the lobby and the location, so I booked. The hotel was crummy after you got in the elevator. The bathroom door didn't shut, the windows didn't open and were filthy. The staff was fine, the services were fine, but the fact remains this hotel is NOT living up to it's best, until it proves it's self- PLEASE stay elsewhere and enjoy your visit to SF more!	
Nov 1 2006 	Nice Hotel in good location	We are a family of three from England who spent seven nights at the Drake from 21st October. Having read previous grim reviews we were a little apprehensive but needn't have been . We found the hotel suited our holiday needs perfectly. However, we did email the hotel beforehand to request a refurbished room .The bedroom on 17th floor was of good size with two comfortable double beds and appeared recently decorated. The bathroom, although small was adequate and again very clean and well supplied with towels, toiletries etc. Staff when needed were always polite and efficient - in fact one day when maid forget to renew towels these were delivered to our door wthin five minutes of speaking to reception. Good views from the room but the windows were in desperate need of a clean (the only niggle we had). Would recommend both Sears and Lori's diner nearby for breakfast. As for location - it couldn't be bettered - easy walking distance to Union Square, Chinatown and other sights plus a cable car ride (stop outside hotel) to the bay.	
Oct 27 2006 	Not that great	We were scheduled to stay here for four nights, but only stayed for one, before switching hotels. That says a lot. You are greeted by men in beefeater costumes, which is slightly awkward. The lobby area is nice, but the rest of the hotel isn't. Staff is okay, but I have seen better at other places. The hotel is very dated, and old looking, which was not for us. The elevator is super old, and hallways dark, with paint peeling. The rooms are okay, but still not that modern. Bathrooms are tiny, with no place to put anything, due to lack of shelves. Overall, you can do a lot better in San Francisco, so do not stay here!	
Oct 19 2006	Good service but rooms left a lot to be desired	I stayed at the Sir Francis Drake when in SF for a conference. I've stayed at other Kimpton hotels and really like the chain. The Sir Francis Drake was the least nice of the Kimpton hotels I've stayed in, but it wasn't terrible. It's true that the windows are very dirty and the non-renovated rooms are simply atrocious. (Demand a renovated room.) Also, the street noise is pretty heavy and the recently renovated rooms smell heavily of noxious paint fumes. That said, the front desk staff was very helpful and eventually moved me to a junior suite that faced Union Square so it was much less noisey. Also, the bellmen are terrific!Even so, I probably will not stay in this hotel again.	
Sep 18 2006 	Great San Fran Hotel	I did a web search to get the best price and the hotel matched it. When I arrived they had upgraded me to a much nicer room than I reserved.Then while watching football they had cookies, chocolates and water delievered to me. Felt spoiled.The bed was incredible. Whenever I stay in San Fran I will always stay at a Kimpton and this is one of the best.	
Sep 16 2006 	Beautiful Renovation	The Sir Francis Drake has an awesome location right on Union Square and the Cable Car line. My obviously newly renovated room was clean and wonderful with very comfortable beds, large flat panel LCD televisions and obivously brand new bathrooms. I was a little hesitant about booking this hotel after reading the reviews on here, but after checking into my room I inquired at the concierge desk (wonderful concierge btw!) and was told the hotel was in the final stages of a comprehensive renovation of all of the guest rooms, the heating and air conditioning systems, the public spaces and the beautiful lobby and restaurant. Anyone who has seen the negative reviews should realize that the renovated product is as nice as anything in the city! The concierge told me that most of the rooms are renovated now with the remainder in progress and that all of the windows will also be replaced with brand new windows in the next few months. I had heard the restaurant was good, and it turned out to be one of the best meals I have had in years. Judging from the full house I am guessing others agree!	
Sep 11 2006 	Nice hotel in Union Square	My wife and I concluded our honeymoon with 3 nights at the Sir Francis Drake.The keyword here is service. The staff, from the front desk to the doormen, goes all out for the guests. Requests for extra towels were promptly answered and room service was perfect.The location is on Powell Street, a block from Union Square, and on a main cable car line. If you don't like street noise, book a room on the upper levels. We were on 5, and could hear the cable cars and traffic -- not a problem for us, but could be for others. As with every other downtown SF hotel, be prepared to pay for cab rides that can get expensive ($20 to the hotel from the Legion of Honor/Lincoln Park area, and $10 to Fisherman's Wharf). However, it beats trying to drive and navigate this city.The upstairs bar, Harry Denton's, isn't much. They promote it heavily in the hotel as a cocktail/piano bar, but the night we were there, it was a DJ playing hip-hop remixes. Absolutely no different than any other club. Try The Top of the Mark instead if you want a low-key place for after hours drinks.It should be said this is an old-style hotel, meaning rooms are smaller than modern construction and bathrooms are as well. If you need spacious accomodations, go elsewhere. The room decor was a little dated. Water pressure was good though, to the point that toilets flushed overhead could be heard in our room. For us, a source of more amusement than concern. The rooms are said to be undergoing renovation, which may solve the decor issues, but not the size. We did not attempt internet connection, nor did we watch TV, so we can't comment on those features.Again, the high point was exceptional guest service. We are prepared to make this our home in SF.	
Sep 10 2006 	Walked In and Walked Right Out	This place is to be avoided. Others in my work group had picked this place, and I joined them, at a rate of about $240.I was in the room for about 1 minute before I walked out and obtained a full refund. I simply explained tha the property was not up to my standards. The filthy windows, taped over bath vent and mold are still there. Size was an issue, to be sure. There is no reason for this hotel to be visited, save for the lobby and location. I spent $50 more at the Ritz Carlton and had a perfect stay.	
Aug 29 2006 	Please PLEASE do not stay here!!	The facts: non-smoking room REEKED of smoke, as did the lobby. Windows were so dirty that you literally could not see out. Auto-focus camera actually could not focus past the glass. Bathroom full of mold, countless broken tiles, bathtub's entire surface was chipped off and jagged. Electrcal outlet boxes were literally hanging from the walls. I could not even use the restroom. Upon inquiring whether we had some kind of reject room, we were told this was actually an upgraded room. We left literally 20 minutes after checking in, but the hotel refused to refund for the room or for a night of parking. This is an old hotel, but do not confuse this dump with historic. This hotel is not fit to be a flop house. Staff was neither helpful NOR friendly. Upon check-in, the clerk made a major point of announcing to the entire floor that we booked our stay through Hotels, as if to embarass us about it. No effort was made to try to make us happy, or keep us from leaving. This is a Kimpton hotel, a brand I've had good luck with. Someone from corporate should really take a look at these guest rooms, and honestly tell me that THEY would stay there... Very, very sad.	
Aug 7 2006 	There are MUCH better hotels in San Francisco	My husband and I spent two nights at the Sir Francis Drake this past weekend, he was a groomsman in a wedding and the reception was being held at the hotel. I really did not want to stay at the hotel with the wedding party, having read the reviews on Trip Adviser and knowing that there are SO MANY better hotels around Union Square that we have stayed at before. We received a discounted room rate of $149 per night for a 'deluxe king' room, and paid an additional $45 per night for valet parking. I don't have a problem paying this kind of money for a hotel, as long as it is worth the price. I did NOT find this to be true for the Sir Francis Drake.Our 'deluxe king' room was nothing more than a basic hotel room with a king size bed. The room was about 200 square feet, we were in #712. In fact, it seemed smaller than usual because we had a bigger bed. The deco-style decor and furnishings, though not my taste, were colorful and tacky, but in good shape. As reported in an earlier review, it is true that the one small window was so dirty that you could barely see out of it. The real problem that I had was with the bathroom. It was so incredibly small that my husband and I could not be in there together. I guess that I would have been able to overlook the small size of the bathroom had it not been so disgusting.The bathtub had stains on the bottom and huge cracks all the way across the tile wall that were badly patched. There was mold and mildew on the ceiling and the surrounding walls. The ventilation duct was taped over so there was no air circulation in the bathroom, though keeping the bathroon door open and blasting the a/c helped a little. The shower curtain had mold on it as well. The faucet in the sink constantly dripped and the drain from the sink dripped on the floor (the housekeeping staff left a lovely washcloth there to absorb the water). The wood threshold leading into the bathroom was loose and half rotted (water damage?) and our toilet seat was barely attached to the toilet. It was the worst bathroom I have ever seen in a hotel. It was the consensus of others in the wedding party that there rooms were just as bad. Luckily we didn't have to spend much time in them. It was obvious that the bride and groom didn't check out the rooms before booking their reception at the hotel, there is no way that they would have chosen this place for their guests.I do have only good things to say about the catering/special event staff and the facilities for the wedding reception. The room was beautiful and the food was excellent. If you are visiting San Francisco, do some research and you will find a much better place to stay with just as good of a location. My husband says he will listen to me next time about where we stay. :)	
Aug 2 2006 	Class and comfort--for our entire company!	This summer I booked my NY company for a week-long leadership retreat at the Sir Francis Drake. Just before we left, I was notified of negative reviews on Trip Advisor.com, and it made me a little nervous. However, our entire stay was perfect--without one single complaint from our staff of 47 people (believe me, I would have heard about it!!) Instead, all I heard were raves from everyone. A few even extended their stay at the Drake for a personal vacation.The hotel is gorgeous, clean and classy, and ideally located near tons of shopping and restaurants of every kind. A cable car runs right in front of the hotel and takes you in 10 minutes to the Fisherman's Wharf, and Chinatown is within a two-minute walk. Best of all, the hotel staff--from the front desk to the caterers to the maintenance workers--were all professional, prompt and very friendly. Even the catered food (and we ordered the most inexpensive variety) was delicious.All in all, the hotel gave us class-A service for a great bargain price. I got big kudos from our company directors for booking us there, so--what more can I say?--THANK YOU Drake Hotel!!!	
Jul 1 2006	Great location but really small rooms	The location is great. The cable cars run out front and are easy to catch. However, the room was surprisingly small. The bed pretty much filled up the room. Also, there were few cable channels. Good thing we were out of the room most of the time. Also, the hotel is doing renovations and the bathroom exhaust for the shower was covered with plastic. This left the bathroom stuffy and we had to run the air conditioning to air out the room. We would probably not stay here again.	
Jun 13 2006	Music is not what they say it is	Went to the Starlight room to enjoy the entertainment and was a Big Mistake. Most of the nights they have a band but this night they had a DJ. The Hotel said the DJ starts at 8:30 and plays various kinds of music. He didn't start until 9:30 and only played Hip Pop music. They same song seemed to last an hr and a half. You can hear the same music on most corners in San Francisco. Stay away unless you are in to this so called music.	
Jun 11 2006 	Horrible experience.	Horrible service. Called twice to have television looked at and no one ever came. Called twice and waited 45 minutes to have luggage picked up. Vent over the shower was missing and crammed with plastic. Windows were so dirty you can't even see out of them. Very old worn out rooms that are not maintained and staff that take themselves far too serious and customer service far too lightly. You can stay a 1/2 block away for half the price and double the service.	
May 24 2006	ok but won't be back	We are a family of 4 and stayed on the 10th floor. Room was tiny, no fridge, and small bathroom. Room stuffy unless air conditioner constantly running. One window that one could see out of only if you stood on your tip-toes, but then you find out the view of the old buildings below are not worth it. Window did not open. However, room clean and well-painted; bathtub is very long and has a very large drain with lots of suction when draining-watch out! No vent in bathroom so could not leave door closed. We had to call everyday for extra bath towels because they would only supply 2. If you like a great view, good music/dancing and appetizers/drinks, highly recommend the Starlight room on the 21st floor; however, the hostess is a bit gruff, like a KGB agent. Had oysters and we crunched on shell particles that had not been cleaned properly when opened. Call ahead for a reservation. Also highly recommended is Scala restaurant downstairs. Again, make reservations days in advance. You can do this via e-mail. Lots of good eating places nearby, especially when you have children. Recommend Lori's Diner just across the street-great variety. Cable car stop is conveniently located and you can take it all the say down to the wharf area.	
May 19 2006	Not even if you paid me a million pound....I would never stay here again	This hotel was my final destination on my round the world trip before jetting back to England. I had stayed in fantastic hotels in Singapore, Sydney and Tahiti and to stay here was such a disappointment that coming home and going back to work didn't seem to tedious! The hotel has such an unclean factor about it. I was put in a smoking room (which I requested) and after an hour I requested to move room as there seemed to be something moving around and scrapping above the ceiling. To be honest, it sounded liked rats or mice, put it this way, it wasn't human! They only smoking room left was a few floors down and I was warned that it was a little small. SMALL????!!!!! you couldn't swing a cat in it! The double bed took up the whole floor space and it was situated right by the lifts. Constant noise all day and night. The view out the window was of a brick wall, but I thought 'heck, you are only sleeping here, go explore San Francisco'.That was the plan until, on the 3rd morning at the hotel, the shower stopped working. After 5 phone calls to maintenance, and 3 hours later, someone came up to have a look at it and I was told there is a problem with the water affecting a few rooms on that floor. But I was assured that it would be fixed in good time. After a quick 'sink' wash, I headed out, only to return some hours later to find that the shower still didn't work. To cut a long story short, it took the hotel 48 hours to get it fixed. I was offered no real apology and had to ask to use another room to get a shower. Apparently, they were all booked up to move me on a permanent basis. Unbelieveable! Would I stay here again? Not even if you got me in a first class seat to San Francisco from Heathrow and gave me a million pounds to stay in this hotel. Do yourself a favour, book elsewhere.	
May 11 2006	Great experience	Had a lovely time at the Sir Francis Drale. It was in the heart of the city, near to shops, malls, Chinatown, trollies, public transportation and food. The service was friendly and I enjoyed the atmosphere.	
Apr 20 2006	Not leaving my heart in this place in San Francisco	I've been in homes with larger clothes closets than the rooms in this hotel. The bathroom is incredibly small; hardly room to turn around - little if any vanity space. But that isn't the major problem. Customer Service is severely lacking. When I called this morning to cancel my wake up call, I was told that it was already programmed so just have the phone ring and hang up. DUH! The point is I didn't WANT the phone to ring. My colleague called the front desk to request a bed be made up differently and was advised to call housekeeping, herself. This is suppossed to be a fine, old hotel. NOT!	
Apr 20 2006	Stay Somewhere Else	The problem starts when you try to check in and the rooms aren't ready. By the time that the rooms were ready, the entire lobby was filled with guests waiting to check-in. But that still didn't get additional people behind the desk. One of the elevators operated all day with only half of its interior lights working.The rooms are very, very small and very, very shabby. The floor tiles in the bathroom are chipped and missing in places. The finish is mostly gone from the bottom of the tub. The electrical outlets by the desk are too old to handle 3-prong plugs and if you need to plug something in, you have a choice of pulling the plug for the lamp or the refrigerator. The window is coated with dirt. The noise from the street is constant. Every complaint is answered with the same response - we are going to get a multi-million dollar upgrade soon. One of my worst hotel experiences. The location is wonderful, but there are many other hotels in the vicinity that provide better accomodations and service.	
Mar 22 2006 	Stay Away From Here!	This hotel is a DUMP! The rooms are tiny, filthy, and stinky. The cable cars will wake you up every morning as they ring their bells. If you are able to sleep through this, you will wake up as soon as your neighbor turns on his TV. The walls are so thin, you can hear everything that goes on in the neighboring rooms. There is so much mold, dirt, and dust in this place, I have been sick for the past week. Stay far, far, away from this HISTORIC DUMP!	
Feb 23 2006	Avoid this hotel	I just spent a week at the Sir Francis Drake in San Francisco. When we checked in we were given a dark tiny room that measured only 8 1/2 feet wide(I carry a tape measure to measure purchases) The bathroom was not much larger than a closet and had black mold on the walls and ceiling. When we complained we were given a larger room but still shabby and dirty. No am't of pattern could hid the dirt on the carpet. The toilet was stained, the floors were dirty and there was mold on the walls. In the bath there was a very large window. This would have been a feature except that the temperatures that week dropped at night to the 30's and there was no source of heat in the bathroom. I asked for an extra blanket and the one I was given was torn and stained. Several times during our stay the elevators did not function and we had to walk down 17 flights of stairs. Overall this hotel is dark, dirty and smells bad. This had to be the worst hotel I have ever visited.	
Feb 21 2006 	Great location!	We stayed at the Sir Francis Drake Feb. 15-20. The location was great! The rooms were small, but nice. Five of us were in town for a Coldwell Banker Conference. Three in our group shared a room. The room was a little small for three, so they asked for an upgrade. They got a larger room with a sofa bed and two bathrooms for $40 more per night! We took the cable car to Union Square &amp; Fisherman's Wharf. Just hopped on it right out front! I highly recommend the Golddust around the corner. Great Bar, live music, good time. The Starlight room has an amazing view of the city. It was a very romantic place. We had a wonderful meal in China Town at The House of Nan King. If it is your first time, the chef likes to order for you. I also suggest The Steps of Rome for Italian. The waiters dance with you if you say it's your birthday. The food is good &amp; a fun atmosphere!We didn't get to go to Alcatraz because the tours were sold out. Make a reservation!I loved San Francisco, I will be back! I would stay at the Sir Francis Drake again. It isn't the Ritz, but I didn't pay for the Ritz!	
Feb 19 2006	Superficially grand but scratch the surface...	.... and you find an old, poorly maintained place. My wife and I spent an evening at the SFD to catch a play down the street, just off Union Square. We'd had a nice post-theatre meal last year at the hotel restaurant, Scala's, and thought the hotel would be worth a try. The location is terrific - just off Union Square, on the cable car line, etc. We'd stayed at another Kimpton property in Boston and were impressed by the hip neo-classic styling in the rooms and the attitude of the place. Well, at the Drake, the look comes off like an old Hollywood starlet who's now getting by on cat food.  It has a beautiful old turn of the century lobby with some of Kimpton's signature touches - nouveau high-style furnishings, etc. - the stylistic elements of which repeat in the rooms, per Kimpton's &quot;formula&quot;. But it comes across as too formulaic here, and a band-aid on some real problems. Such as: paper-thin walls between the rooms; sooty windows; poor temperature control throughout the hotel (about 55º in the lobby on the chilly day, okay, but at their retro rooftop lounge, &quot;Harry Denton's Starlight Room&quot; it was also downright chilly - no budget for, say, a Home Depot thermostat?). Our bathroom had only a handicapped shower mounted at nose level - necessitating a crouch to get wet (we never requested this type of room, and the place was clearly not full). Above the shower stall, a hole in the wall covered by a rectangle of white plastic held in place by some old white fabric tape. (!) The hallways were renovated in a half-baked way: hip-ish light fixtures but depressing brown walls, beat up doors, and a vague rotting smell. We won't be returning soon - the Drake has potential to be a flashy retro hotel experience, but Kimpton needs to pump some serious dough into it to make it a liveable place again.	
Jan 30 2006	3rd Time Back!	This hotel is great! I stay here every year and wouldn't consider anywhere else. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I especially like it when the staff remembers you even though you come once a year. With all the people coming in and out who could remember a face. San Francisco has some of the best and if not the greatest places to eat. The hotels &quot;Cafe Espresso&quot; is great for a breakfast and lunch. There is also &quot;Sears Restaurant&quot; across the street from the hotel as well. I had breakfast,lunch and dinner there, need I say more. I highly recommend the &quot;Steamed Mussels&quot; for dinner. This property is the ideal location.	
Jan 26 2006	We came away totally satisfyed	Like others, we had some reservations about the mixed reviews about this hotel and didn't know what to expect; needless to say that the hotel completely exceeded our expectations. You can get a good deal from the discout internet sites like Hotwire. The service was courteous and professional, and unlike other hotels, which are cookie cutter copies of each other, Sir Francis Drake is distinctive and eclectic. Sure the hotel shows some of its age, especially in the bathrooms, but the first room we were in was well appointed and clean, with a large TV; although on the smaller side, anyone used to traveling in Europe and NYC will not feel uncomfortable. The air conditioner was in the window, but this was not obtrusive at all.We also dined at La Scala; great food and service and had a drink in the Starlight room, which offers one of the best views of the city in an exceedingly elegant setting. The service was superb; one evening we had some friends stay with us. We asked for a cot at 2am, but they gave a larger room with double beds at no extra cost.Finally, you can’t possibly beat this location; a block from Union Square and walking distance to Nob Hill and China town. Go ahead, try this place out!! You can probably get it between $70-90 a night on one of the discount websites.	
Jan 19 2006	Executive Room is good	I saw all the reviews on here after i had booked a room and felt a little afraid, but decided to go ahead anyway as it is such a good location for shopping. I had booked an executive room with 2 double beds and 2 bathrooms and it was fabulous. Didn't have dirty windows, very clean and spacious. Staff could not have been more helpful. Only down side, was that apparently my friend could hear the elevator in the night, i could not! Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 29 2005	Great Location	As this was our first visit to SF and having read lots of bad reviews about this hotel we were a bit concerned at what it would be like.Well lets say straight away what a great location. Cable car right outside the door, Union square and the shops and restaurants 100yds away! The staff were all really friendly and helpfull. We had a room on the 4th floor. Whilst it was not a great view it was large enough with 2 queen size beds, plenty of cupboard space and decent sized bathroom. Afterall we didn't come to SF to look at the view from a hotel window! The decor does need a bit of a refurbish but how much time do you want to spend in a city hotel! All in all we thought it was good value for money. We did not eat at the restaurant Scala's but it was always full and busy which is a good sign. We did go to Harry Denton's starlight Lounge and were disappointed - This is really a place for 30's something IT girls and posers not for mature 40's - the dress code on a friday appeared to be Jeans! shame really because the band were really good.	
Nov 25 2005 	not good enough service decadent rooms	The position of this hotel is the onyl good thing, but we were really disappointed by all the rest. First, we booked for a deluxe room and we get less than a standard room. When we told the receptionist, he changed the room but again this was not satisfactory. The price was too much for that room, definitively! The smell inside was awful and there was no possibility to open the window! The receptionist told us that the hotel will have a renovation soon, but who cares?	
Nov 23 2005	Sir Francis Drake SFO Great Time	Stayed at Sir Francis Drake 11/5 and 11/6/05 Room 1615 Normally travel SE USA staying at Holiday Inn and Hampton Inns so the room at the Sir Francis was very small compared to what I am used to but the room was beautiful and functional. The room was next to the elevator but very quiet.Front desk and staff were excellentRenovation is plannedLocation is excellent - rode BART from SFO walked 5 blocks up from Market on Powell to hotelI would stay here again	
Nov 21 2005	"I value my integrity"	Was the mantra of the staff. When I asked for a nice room, the front desk clerk told us, &quot;I value my integrity, so I must tell you, this hotel is very old. I will do my best.&quot;We arrive in our room to find that it is a 9'x21' Box. The window was partially blocked by the window air conditioner, which was okay cause the window was SOOOO filthy that you couldn't really see outside. Fortunately, we brought our personal DVD player (the television selection was horrible. The TV was old with a bad picture. I plugged the DVD player into the tv's rca jacks, but the tv wouldn't accept the signal. When I called guest services the clerk told me, &quot;I value my integrity. Our televisions are very old. I don't think they accept a signal from a DVD player.&quot; Hmm, I am beggining to smell a theme. If a guest asks a question about the hotel, Just tell them that you value your integrity, but the hotel hasn't been renovated in 78 years. They will understand. If the guest doesn't seem appeased by your honesty, offer them an upgrade, for an additional fee. If you REALLY value your integrity, find another job. I am not taking potshots at the employees, but come on, you don't have to use a gun to steal from people..This hotel is a great example of owner milking the name of a (formerly) grand property for all it is worth. They charge a premium, and deliver NOTHING. Not a cup of coffee, not a newspaper, nothing, nada....squat.This is the second Kimpton property that we have stayed at that did not meet our expectations, the first was the Villa Florence. Same story, smaller scale. At least the Villa Florence had an afternoon wine reception so that you could get good and drunk and forget about how you were ripped off.IF YOU ARE LARGE (in the caboose) do not under any circumstances check into the hotel. The space between the sink and the bathroom wall in the toilet area is VERY tight. We are not overweight (by today's standards) and I knew that another 50 lbs. and I would have a problem. How embarassing would that phone call be when you can not get off the pot.If you are unfortunate enough to be reading this from the Sir Francis Drake (SFD), don't waste your money in their restaurants, go across the street and eat at Sears Fine Foods. This place is legendary, for a good reason. They have the best breakfasts I have eaten in my life. The corned beef hash is to die for. And the little swedish pancakes are irresistible. Since I am on the subject of food, check out Anjou, 44 Campton Place, just 1 1/2 block from the SFD. This little French restaurant is amazing. A real gem. My wife and I have eaten there several times and have never been disappointed. We have spent considerable time in Paris and this food rivals, if not exceeds what we found in France. Last night we had 2 large appetizers (the toasted brioche of duck foie gras, imported from France with heart leek salad and sauteed apples) and one &quot;special&quot; entree which is usually the wild salmon with mushroom and something mousse in a puff pastry. It was all absolutely fabulous and with a bottle of napa merlot, the bill came to $105.00!	
Nov 18 2005	Ideal location for cable cars	Step out of the lobby and there's a cable car stop right outside. We loved this way of getting around and bought a 3 day MUNI pass for $18 which more than paid for itself. The hotel was ideally situated for getting to all the main attractions easily and we'd definitely stay in the Downtown area again as a base for sightseeing. Our room was small, but fine for a city hotel and we decided not to ask to move. The guidebooks were spot on with the description of the hotel: faded grandeur and the old chipped bathroom tile, but comfy beds, no skimping on decent toiletries and overall we were very happy. The staff were all very helpful and professional, and the concierges were brilliant at suggesting and booking restaurants. Top tip: All the guidebooks recommend breakfast at Sears Fine Foods directly opposite the hotel (queues every day) but we ate there one day and every other day went back for the breakfast in the hotel restaurant - Scalas. Food and service was excellent and the bill was not that different.	
Oct 28 2005 	don't do it....	this place does not merit any kind words. where to begin.....my travel agent was not able to get me a room at the Parc 55 were I typically stay for business so i ended up at the sir francis drake. never again. the furniture was old broken down and dirty, the carpet sticky, the hallways musty, and the bathroom just dreary. Pay the extra whatever it may be and stay somewhere else. Oh, almost forgot the the one nice thing was that the cleaning crew decided to leave me a big glob of crusty grape jelly on the coffee table. thank you sir francis drake for a dismal experience.	
Oct 19 2005 	Worst experience ever	I booked a room thru Hotels, at $277/night. I arrived late at night and went to get dinner at La Scala before going up to my room. The food was terrible. I get to my room around midnight, it reeks of smoke. I asked for non-smoking but they gave me a smoking room. Furthermore, it was below the Starlight lounge and I can hear the music pounding thru the ceiling. I called to complain and they said there's nothing they can do because the hotel is sold out. They would've offered me a discount but since I didn't book the hotel directly, they can't do a thing. Later, when I received my credit card statement, not only did Hotels charge me, so did the hotel. I called to complain and instead of giving me immediate satisfaction (the accounting dept. was closed for the night), I had to call back later to complain. I'm never using Hotels again and I'm never staying at another Sir Francis Drake.	
Oct 16 2005	Not worth your time and money	I travel to San Francisco often but usually stay at the Westin St. Francis or the Clift. My wife arrange this stay based on a conference she was attending. I was disappointed by the hotel and do not believe that the relatively cheaper rates (compared to other hotels in the downtown area) make it worth it to stay here. The main basis for the disappointment was the room itself, which I found small and unattractive. Placing the veneer of &quot;vintage boutique&quot; did not make it any more appealing. The closets were too shallow to put coats in. The bathroom was particularly difficult to manuever in from a space perspective. The embedded hair dryer in the bathroom had a large piece of casing missing and smoked when turned on! While we were given a replacement, amazingly the original smoking dryer was never replaced. I would put even odds on the possibility that it will not be replaced for a while. The placement of electrical outlets near the desk was very inconvenient, forcing me to work sitting on the bed. Finally, the room service was &quot;temporarily unavailable&quot; two out of three nights, which was frustrating.I will say that the wireless access was seamless, but I think that this should be expected of most hotels in SF.	
Oct 15 2005	aargh	Okay, so I thought I had found a deal on the Westin St.Francis, but to my surprise it was the Sir Francis Drake. Anyway we got to the hotel and checked in . The lobby is pretty nice, but that’s about it. My wife and I got to out room (Room 816) it smelt musty/mold. The smell was so bad I called the lobby. John was kind enough to offer us another room. In fact he was so nice he gave us a suite. We got to the suite and well, it was mediocre at best. Old, smelly and well just not worth $159 a night ($189 after taxes). Stay at the Parc55 or better yet the Westin St. Francis. :(	
Oct 8 2005 	Spend Your Money Elsewhere	Yes, the lobby is lovely. The staff is relatively polite and accomodating. However, when we arrived in the early evening their was a long line of about 50 eurotrash who had obiously started early and were already sloshed standing in wait for the nightclub on the top floor. Smarmy stares from guys in cheap polyester suits and eau de alcohol was not what I was looking forward to after a long day of travel. Noises of people in a different mind state than ours lingered through the hallways throughout the duration of the evening as non guests explored.Things took a turn for the worse when we stepped out of the elevator. THE HALLWAYS SMELLED OF PUTRID, ROTTING, RUBBISH! Perhaps somehow by result of the dumpster from the restaurant, but my spouse and I almost gagged! When we walked in to our room the smell was only slightly less, (or perhaps our noses just got used to it). The rooms are clean and well stocked with amenities. The carpets are in bad need of replacement, (most hotels know that carpets should be replaced at least every two years, depending on traffic). The decor itself is outdated, which would be fine if we were not paying a high price. It felt like we were sleeping in a 1994 children's movie. We had a large picture window with a fantastic view of... the roof. Oh, and the dozens of beer bottles left by past victims who obviously tool advantage of oppurtunity.The bathroom was clean and cute, (ugh, but for the badly needed to be replaced wallpaper). I live in a house built in 1905, so I am used to antique fixtures. Yes, the Aveda products are nice. The hotel sent me an online survey and I was frank in my response. Customer service was kind enough to reply, and informed me that the building is scheduled for renovation in 2006. She mentioned that the hotel is old and the srestle wih difficulties regarding age, but I stay in old hotels all the time and have never experienced issues like this. This is in fact one of my worst stays in a hotel ever.Perhaps next year things shall improve, but I will never really know.	
Sep 26 2005 	My first visit to San Fran - Nice hotel experience	Nice hotel with friendly staff.Good location in a very busy area of town near Union Square. The rooms are clean, comfortable and we had a nice view of the city. The floors creak as they are made of wood, but having grown up in a house with wood floors, I liked it. :)The colorscheme in our room was a light sage green and cream with medium-dark wood furnishings. The TV is not very big and the bed was not ultra comfortable like the new-fangled beds, but it was nice and cozy. What I liked most about the hotel is that it felt more like a room at a bed and breakfast and not at all like a stuffy hotel room.	
Sep 20 2005	We must have been lucky!	Well, we liked this hotel. I have just written 2 other reviews panning others so I am not a pushover. Our room was really lovely, loved the old tiled bathroom, the bed was comfortable and really, I have nothing bad to say about it at all. Staff were very nice and efficient. Being able to go up to the Starlight rooms for a bottle of champagne before bed was great. Food was also very good indeed.I'd love to come back, it was fun.	
Sep 17 2005	Wonderful experience stops at the Lobby	Stayed 3 nights at the hotel - took up 2 rooms. Location is excellent! Lobby is awesome. However, the rooms leave much to be desired. We've stayed at several of the best hotels in the world, and this one was far from the best. While the room was clean, it was musty, smelled damp and the bathroom showed much sign of aging - not to mention that it was tiny. The beds were not particularly firm, and when we asked nicely for a late check out over the phone, the front desk guy was almost rude. When we went down to see him in person, he was being equally rude to anyone else on the phone.Anyways, find it hard to recommend this hotel, unless you're getting a good rate.	
Sep 12 2005	Hotel in Bad Condition Great Service!	My wife and i stay in the worst room i had ever seen room 532. The tub would not drain, wallpaper was ugly, room smelled musty. I asked the front desk (Martin) to move rooms and he smiled and he quickly moved me to a great room room 1801.. over looking the city. If you stay at this hotel ask for him. I might have gotten up and left to the Crown hotel next door if it was not for the friendly staff at the door and front desk. The roof bar had great views. Ask for one of there new rooms!Cheers!	
Sep 4 2005	Great location very dated accomodations	I booked 2 rooms on hotwire, was expecting the worse based on the reviews so I had low expectations. Generally, everyone was right on with their reviews. The bedding is very uncomfortable and worn, the bathrooms seriously need an update. One of our rooms had no faucet in the sink- water spewed out of the drain if you can believe it! Aveda products help make it better. Staff is helpful and the location is great but we stayed at the crowne plaza holiday inn 2 months ago and paid less on hotwire and the rooms were much roomier, comfortable and new. The staff was much friendlier too. Luckily, only slept at Sir Francis Drake. We would not stay here again.	
Aug 28 2005	Enjoyed the Sir Francis Drake		
Aug 28 2005	Disgraceful service for a reputable hotel	Everytime I am in San Francisco, I'll never miss a visit to Scala and Starlight at Sir Francis Drake. The service at both places had been excellent, until my last visit between August 18-22, 2005.It was an unplanned visit and therefore I didn't bring along my exclusive dresses, only jeans, skirts and sneakers...but I thought that shouldn't stop me from enjoying myself.On one of the nights, I handed over my jeans jacket and a handbag to the Hostess at the Cloak Room to keep as I wanted to dance. When I went back to collect them, I saw the Hostess kept my things on the floor, where there were plenty of hangers available, while my companion's jacket was kept nicely hang up. I was rather upset and cross and just refused to give her any tips, although my companion offered the tips on my behalf. I don't know what was the reason for her to treat me with such a manner, but I thought that was very disgraceful for a reputable hotel like Sir Francis Drake, and I should let everyone know about it. I will still visit the Scala and Starlight when I visit San Francisco, but surely will not consider staying at Sir Francis Drake Hotel.	
Aug 25 2005 	Worn but Charming		
Aug 23 2005	Good value good location		
Aug 16 2005	What a disappointment		
Aug 8 2005 	Do not waste your money !!!!!!!!!!!!!		
Aug 2 2005	Very nice Hotel		
Jul 22 2005	I liked this hotel very much		
Jul 15 2005 	Hotwire rates this a 3.5 star - No way!		
Jul 14 2005	Disgrace and dishonor to the kimpton name		
Jun 30 2005 	Disappointing		
Aug 28 2009 	Quiero y no puedo		
Aug 21 2009 	Bien placé et agreable		
Jul 30 2009 	Ottima location		
Jul 7 2009 	Genial!!!		
Apr 29 2009 	?????????????????		
Apr 15 2009 	Situacion inmejorable		
Mar 10 2009 	Céntrico hotel en una preciosa ciudad		
Feb 22 2009	Zimmer und Blick traumhaft perfekter Aufenthalt		
Jul 26 2008 	Der Schein trügt!		
Jun 22 2008 	Gute Lage - kleine Zimmer		
May 14 2008 	Ottima posizione camere pulite e spaziose		
Sep 10 2007 	Hotel que necesita una remodelacion ya		
Aug 23 2007	hotel à faire ou à voir		
Feb 2 2007 	Sehr zentrale Lage		
