Oct 12 2009 	Low cost free parking centrally located noisy	The staff was friendly and the free parking was great. Room was pleasant and beds comfortable. Refrigerator but no microwave. Ordinary tea and coffee in the room. Towels okay. I did not like the bathroom as it reminded me of a gas station and it seemed as though they stopped remodeling in the bathroom (room 303). Old dingy beige tiles with the caulking missing, shower was off yellow fiberglass with caulking missing, no heater in the bathroom and the toilet was industrial with pipes jutting out of the wall. Cable was very basic. I would not use the shower and waited until we got to our next hotel that had a nice marble shower and tub. We entertained ourselves laughing at the muppets and weirrd low budget local cook shows since there was really no good cable shows to see, just very basic TV. Beds were very, very comfortable with cozy linens. Nice heater in the room. Good place to drop the body for sight seeing if you are not fussy about bathrooms. View in the distance of the Golden Gate Bridge. Close to the Warf, North Beach, Presidio, and other tourist attractions. All in all good value for bargain hunting travelers who don't mind an old bathroom and sound of traffic, but you can't have everything.	
Oct 8 2009 	Comfortable and convenient	No one will confuse the La Luna Inn for a W hotel or the Sofitel, but does it matter? When I'm traveling, I don't expect to be in my hotel for that much time and really only need a clean room with some amenities, which the La Luna Inn satisfied. The room has A/C and they have a complimentary breakfast. I'll admit the breakfast was a bit skimpy but you could get some coffee, cereal and toast. I'd recommend a room in the back - the road noise is a bit much.	
Sep 17 2009 	Better off at a big box competitor	It cost the same as the big box hotels and is hardly worth the money. The room was tiny, no bath just a dirty creepy shower. The wireless internet was $10 a day and didn't work it kept disconnecting. The ice machine didn't work and the carpet was disgusting. The only thing that was nice was the bed. So if you want a good night sleep you will sleep well in the bed but you can get that at any hotel. Not worth the money when you can stay at a clean, big hotel like Best Western or Quality Inn for less.	
Jul 15 2009 	Sleeping in heaven and find out why!	We (two German girls) went to travel the westcoast for three weeks. Of course, San Francisco had to be on the check list. The last thing first: this was the best room and sleep that we experienced on our tour. For a budget price.Heavenly were the fluffy European style comforters with the softest linens. (Not these musty, dusty comforters that you usually find.) I had this quality of bedding once in a four star hotel. I have never slept so comfortable in a motel.Modern room, looks renovated, very spacious. Nice colors. Not the typical motel room look.We had a room in the back, and therefore we did not experience any traffic noise from Lombard Street. Those, who complain that the motel is far away. You must be used even take your car even &quot;Drive-through Espresso House&quot;. ??? There are bus stops very nearby and you can go anywhere by bus. Left the car in the parking lot the whole time. Free parking was a plus.An advantange ist being so close to Chestnut Street with many cute restaurants and shops. Very safe neighborhood.The continental breakfast was typical: toast, jam and pastries. On the better side. But the coffee was very drinkable.Quite a few breakfast places nearby.I also liked the questionnaire at the end of the stay. They like to hear the opinion of their guest. All front staff was intelligent, very knowledgable and courtious. They extend themself in order to help. Even when the office was full with people who wanted to check-in and out.Two minor things: lighting was poor and water pressure was low. Next time we go to San Francisco: its the La Luna Inn only!	
Jul 12 2009 	Nice Clean Hotel Friendly Staff and Convienient Location	La Luna Inn was the last stay on our California road trip last year. It was a nice hotel to stay in if your not fussy on the extras. Rooms are clean and spacious with a big TV with good selection of channels, a decent sized en-suite bathroom and a desk.No complainents on noise and the staff were friendly. Convienient to all of the major tourist attractions and city.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good Hotel Just A Little Far Out	This is a nice little hotel, with really friendly staff that will help you anyway they can. We had an issue with the people in the room next door, and we were literally moved that same day to the other side of the hotel with no problems whatsoever.The only issue i had is that although it's near the Golden Gate Bridge, some rooms have a slight view, it's pretty far out from everything else! Taxi's dont cost too much though, so if being far out doesnt bother you then stay here! There was parking available although we didn't use it, and there is no free internet - you have to pay for that.The rooms were clean and tidy though, although we were concerned with the space around the door and i imagine that would create quite a draft in the cooler months.	
Jun 9 2009 	Would NEVER stay there again!!	My mom and I stayed here for one night on a trip to UCSF. The hotel was terrible. DO NOT be decieved by the online photos. At check-in they were unable to accomadate us for a room off the street. We understand that. The elevator was disgusting and rickety. We had to use it as my mom is unable to climb stairs. The hotel rooms are above street level. Once in our room I went to open the windows which were filthy with no screens. We decided it was a seedy hotel that someone tried to make look modern. And failed! The 2 modern office chairs tilted to one side when you sat in them. There was only one night stand (2 queen beds) with one small low wattt bulb. There is so much traffic noise from busy Lumbard St. it is almose impossible to sleep. Very inconvenient to get into the hotel parking lot from the street.	
Apr 7 2009 	Cute room	The room was really cute, nice colored walls and room decor. Only complaints are: the bathroom shower had poor water pressure and the traffic noise on lombard woke me up a few times. The hotel is only a few mins walk to Chestnut St, which has plenty of restaurants, coffee shops, banks, liquor stores etc. And the Ghirardelli Square/Fisherman's Wharf area really didn't take that long to walk to. It is also within walking distance to the Palace of the Fine Arts, nice little walk at night. The room was overall very nice and I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 26 2009 	Too noisy and too far out	I wouldn't stay at this hotel again.I saw a previous review about the noise levels and to be honest thought it wouldn't be too bad. I was wrong. The noise was unbelievable, its right on a very busy road and my husband, who is a heavy sleeper, even had problems sleeping.This aside, the hotel is not in the best location. We spent a lot of time at fishermans wharf and there is no direct bus route which made it hard to get about. The staff there were very helpful and polite.The room was nice and spacious. Had a fridge and plenty of towels, big bed, clean linen etc. Bathroom was ok but in need of some repairs. The idea of breakfast at this hotel is a bit of a joke as its all laid out but there is no where to sit and eat it. This is the only hotel that i stayed at in california where you had to pay for internet.Parking is fairly limited here also.The hotel was very easy to find though.	
Jan 27 2009 	Good location 	Hotel location worked well for our purpose. We found public transit in the area to be very accessible. The neighborhood felt safer at night than several other areas we visited. True, La Luna is located on a busy street so traffic during both day and night can be quite noisy. We read reviews at this site prior to our trip so asked for a rear facing room (no view but less street noise). Front desk staff was very helpful in accommodating our request and in fielding our various questions about transit, tourist sites, etc.. Complementary breakfast was basic, as was the hotel in general. If you're looking to pamper yourself while in SF this isn't going to be your cup of tea. If you are looking for a clean, safe, friendly and most importantly cost effective place to stash your luggage and catch 6-7 hours of shut-eye before hitting SF sites, La Luna fits the bill nicely.	
Jan 24 2009 	Comfortable place great location!	The room was very clean, the bed was comfortable, great service. Close to everything.	
Nov 2 2008 	what a disappointment...	It was our first time in San Francisco and we spent many hours reading hotel reviews to help us make our decision. Swayed by good reviews earlier in the year, and by the hotel's own website, we arrived with great hopes. What a disappointment ! Although the room was clean, the hotel itself and its location left us feeling really 'let-down'. Its astronomical internet charges shocked us, especially since many surrounding and cheaper hotels offered free access. Breakfast, and the breakfast room were also a complete disappointment. If the hotel had charged about $50 a night, we would have thought it was ok, but we paid nearly 3 times that incl. tax. This was the start of a 3 week stay in the usa , taking in also monterey, ventura, san diego, vegas, palm springs and more - this was the most expensive and most disappointing place we stayed in. Its a $50 dollar a night hotel masquerading as something better.	
Oct 27 2008 	A big disappointment	My wife and I chose San Francisco as part of our honeymoon. We contacted several mid-value Inns and hotels with regard to a four night stay before travelling on to Oahu. The La Luna Inn offered their best room with balconey for $109 per night plus tax. This was advertised with an excellent view of the Golden Gate Bridge. When we arrived we were told that the room we were promised had been given to someone else. The room we were offered was definitely not suitable for a honeymooning couple or anyone else for that matter. There was bars on the window and we were situated at the rear of the building. There was no light in the room. When i complained that this is not what was promised I was told that we could wait for a couple of days and then get the room with private balcony, this never happened. The bath was only suitable for a child and there was no plug anyway. I think that the owner would have to build several more floors to be able to advertise a Golden Gate Bridge view anyway. Forget about the complimentary breakfast comprising of bread and jelly, the toaster didn't work and there was only enough room for half a dozen people to sit down and then you have to put the plate on your lap. We were told that there would be a safe available and guess what ??? There isn't. All that was offered was a brown envelope stuffed in a drawer behind the reception area. We resorted to carrying all our cash and valuables with us which is rather dangerous. Also check your bill because they tried to charge us an extra $30 for the last night.The only plus point is that there is a good diner next door (OBW). I would only recommend this place if you had nowhere else to go.	
Oct 26 2008 	Had a pleasant stay.	We stayed at La Luna for 3 days with our 5 yr old daughter. We were able to check-in 30 minutes early. We requested a room in the back to avoid the street noise. It helped a little. The rooms are what you see in the pictures. Beds are comfortable. Rooms were clean, good size, accessible via stairs and elevator. It was faster to use the stairs. Lighting was lacking. (I prefer a well-lit room. But that's just me.) Parking wasn't bad...maybe due to time of the year? Staff was very friendly and helpful. You can catch the muni just a block from the hotel. My only complaint was the shower. It's very difficult to bathe a 5 yr old in a shower stall and there was nowhere to place your shampoo bottles except on the shower floor (bathtub would be easier). Towels are somewhat thin. But I am sure glad they don't use those ugly-colored bed covers. They provide a computer in the lobby for a fee. I spent nearly $8 just to check-in to our flight, get directions to the airport and print them out. It was a pleasant stay overall.	
Oct 12 2008 	loud and dark	This hotel looks cute on the website, but do not be fooled. It is located right off the GGBridge exit on Lombrad street, so the noise of cars in constant. There are no sheers on the windows, so if you don't want everyone looking it at you and you close the drapes, the room is completely dark. Their wi-fi prices are outrageous. Bathrooms have not been ronovated since the 1980's, complete with pink and teal sponged wall covering. Forget towels - we got two very scratchy ones that barely were larger than a hand towel. Skip the savings and spurge for a B and B on Union Street!	
Sep 27 2008 	Not as described or expected	This motel was booked after much searching on the web, following independent reviews and the hotels own boastful site. Our trip around California over a 3 week period ended here in San Francisco with high expectation. We had an appreciation that this would be more costly than other motels en route due to it's location in a big city. So to the review, firstly the rooms are advertised as brand new... I beg to differ, as the decor throughout looks tired with old threadbear carpets and old furnishings, bar the bed. An air of mould also fills the rooms combined with peeling paint and cobwebs. All these points have been noted and passed to staff at La Luna. A leaking basin tap which continuosly soaked the counter top was reported at the beginning of our stay and not rectified during our stay of 4 nights, following numerous complaints. Location of Motel is also not the best for getting around and is on the very busy and noisy Route 101/Lombard Street. A short walk allows travel on the 30 bus taking you into downtown San Fran in about half an hour and the 28 will take you to the Golden Gate Bridge in about 15 mins. Other than this you need a degree in travel planning to get to points of interest and a considerable amount of time, or pay for expensive taxi cabs to get around. This motel was the most expensive and dissappointing on our trip in which we stayed at many good quality, very reasonable, friendly places from Monterey, San Simeon, Santa Monica, Los Angeles, Pasadena, Fresno, Yosemite &amp; Lake Tahoe. For a Motel that charges around £100 per night this would not be a place I would go back to or recommend to anyone unless they charged around £45 per night. A great shame.	
Aug 18 2008	A lovely hotel	At the end of Lombard Street situated. Very nice people at the desk. Large rooms, large beds, all clean and comfortable. Parking is free and the bus take's you downtown in 15 minutes for a very low fare. My family of 4 stayed for three nights, i hope to come back onetime.	
Jul 24 2008 	excellent small hotel	we stopped here for two nights and were very happy with the standard and service we received, as a family of 4 we found the rooms large enough to accomadate us, we asked for a room at the back as it was a concern about traffic noise but to be fair during the night traffic on lombard was light anyway you are only 5mins walk from all the bars and resturants on chestnut street and theres a loverly diner 2 mins walk away called mels that has great food	
Jul 18 2008 	Good service goes a long way	As former locals who lived 2 blocks away and also right off Lombard, we knew what to expect as far as the noise. But with a room facing the back, a comfortable king bed, and the hum of the powerful fan we slept through each night without any trouble.The location is terrific. Foodies/bar hoppers: tons of fantastic bars and restaurants all within walking distance. Tourists: it's as close as you can get to the Golden Gate bridge, Palace of Fine Arts, and the Presidio. Shoppers: Chestnut Street and Union (up the hill a couple of blocks) have some pretty nice shops.Parents: this is a very safe neighborhood. My fiance and I were teased relentlessly by co-workers for living here because it's so clean, nice, and gentrified.Business folks: the 30 express is 3 blocks away and drops you downtown in about 20 minutes. Runners: this is world-class running territory...Lyon Street Steps, Ft. Point, GG Bridge, Presidio, and some serious butt-kicking hills. The room was spare, but very clean and comfortable.The breakfast is just something to nibble on while you walk to a much better breakfast place on Chestnut. The internet is very clunky. But the service was far above average. Proprietors of other hotels, are you listening? Today's lesson: See how this place doesn't hit the mark every time, but because its front desk staff are warm, thoughtful, and competent, travelers are willing to put up with all sorts of shortcomings? I'd stay here again. Made me want to move back.	
Jul 2 2008 	Nice and pretty but noisy	We stayed there for our honeymoon, and had a room on the upper floor.Here are the plusses:- Very nice decorating, modern and clean.- Close to the Golden Gate Bridge and Chesnut St. where there are some nice restaurants.- Not very expansive.- Free breakfast.- Big shower.Here are the downers:- Very noisy because your door opens to Lombard St. which is a big avenue.- Breakfast was a bit cheap, we had to lunch early because it was filling enough.- Small bathroom.It was an overall good experience and we would certainly return.	
Jun 22 2008 	Did the Job!	We were a little unsure before heading to the hotel but when we arrived we were greeted with some very friendly and helpfull reception staff. The room was rather basic but very tidy and reasonably comfortable. If you are looking for basic and in a good location this place works. In good walking distance to the Golden gate bridge and the Marina. Highly recomended....	
May 28 2008 	Great Room...Great Location...Great Service!	Great Room...Great Location...Great Service! The rooms have been updated and are clean and comfortable. The location is extremely close to most bus routes that will take you everywhere in the city. All bus stops are within walking distance from the hotel. It is also walking distance to many neighborhood eating and drinking establishments which are clearly loved by the locals. The folks who work at the motel are extremely friendly and willing to help with directions and city recommendations. Best of all, there is no charge for parking - this is truly something when talking about a location in San Francisco! Many would consider this a &quot;no-frills&quot; motel; however, I consider it true hidden treasure!	
May 9 2008 	Far too noisey	Where to start, well first of all and most probably most important was the noise, i too read of some peoples concerns over the noise but this was the best hotel at a reasonable price with parking so we thought &quot;the noise cant be that bad&quot; or can it? Well it was to be honest, the road noise is constant day and night and far too loud to get a decent nights sleep, Lomard street is very busy and very loud so please bear this in mind if you book to stay here, but this wasnt the only noise issue, the hotel is non-smoking and doesnt allow pets (yeah right), so people stand outside of the rooms to have a smoke, and at 4:30am people starting shouting to each other across the courtyard whilst having a smoke! The next morning we also witnessed a couple taking their dog for a walk and then sneaking it back into the room! Now I dont have a poblem with any pets but if you shouldnt have one in your room, then thats the rules you should adhere to them.We complained about the noise and were told if we wanted another room at the back then we would have to pay extra for a deluxe room (so deluxe meens quiet at this hotel?) after refusing to pay for a quiet room we went away to talk about stuff and then returned to the reception, we asked for the manager this time who apologised for the noise and gave us another room at the back for free, this was slightly quieter but you can still here the traffic noise with the door shut at the back of the hotel.The rooms were small but nicely decorated and clean, the bathrooms were ok but really needed cleaning a bit better as the floors were looking a bit dirty.Breakfast was nice muffins pastries and toast with coffee tea and juice.The hotel is a bit out of the way if you dont have a car and i wouldnt recommend it if you dont drive. There are a few shops and places to eat close by and even more if you want a bit of a walk.Overall i wouldnt really stay here again and would only reommend it if you need a cheap place with parking and are a hheavy sleeper	
Apr 5 2008	The Place is Loud! You get what you pay for!	I actually stayed here after reading the reviews. The place is in the Marina area so it is in a good location, HOWEVER, it is right on Lombard street (basically like a SF Freeway). So it is extremely loud unless you are in the back. The beds are comfortable, the showers are horrible, and the carpeting is industrial. I would hesistate to stay there again.	
Mar 20 2008 	Comfortable Great Location	I stayed here for 12 days and would definitely stay again. I really never had a problem with the noise. What you get is a large, comfortable room, nice TV with good channels, free parking, and a great location for a cheap rate. The location is awesome, I walked to many restaurants and all the nice shops on Chestnut Street. You could also walk to the water for a nice view of the Golden Gate Bridge. The breakfast at the hotel is pretty bare, just bread, muffins, &amp; juice. But I can say, this is one of the nicer rooms I have had for $89. Tip: the wireless internet will cost you...$5 a day or $30 a month. But free parking...and you can walk to lots of stuff. It's clean and safe as well. I would recommend this place.	
Mar 18 2008 	Good value	My husband and I stayed here two nights in March 2008 to attend a wedding in the Presidio right down the street. The property is located off a busy street, and yes there is considerable noise. However, the hotel room was very clean, the bed was comfortable, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The room rate was pretty reasonable for a stay in the middle of the city. We were in walking distance to Chesnut street which is where all the great bars and restaurants are in the Marina. The free parking was also a great help considering there is no parking in the city. We were happy with our experience at La Luna Inn and would stay again, only next time we'll bring our ear plugs.	
Feb 29 2008	Noisy Internet useless.	I tried to get a cheap hotel in San Fran, and this one was the only one with decent reviews on here.I heard about the noise, and yes, it's *very* noisy on the main road, and I had unit 21 near the back. Forget turning on the aircon when you are sleeping, the noise from that is incredible.So much for the internet connection. I moved rooms twice, and stood outside with my notebook for an hour trying to get a reliable repeatable connection in front of every room. And I could see a WiFi antenna only 30ft away, direct line of sight. In the end I gave up, sometimes I could get no connections, sometimes I could find 4 of them, but they would disappear just as quick. The most reliable place was the foyer. All of them you had to pay for. So basically 4 days without Internet.My TV remote didn't work, had to get new batteries for it.Breakfast is stale toast, coffee, and a couple of small muffins. Go down the street instead (one street north has plenty of nice places).The main road is fairly seedy at night, don't hang around, and don't talk to the beggers.Positives:The sheets were clean, and it was fairly cheap. But next time I would take my chances at a place closer to the main city.Staff fairly friendly.Bus service was fairly good one road north, gets you direct to the city.Short walk to the palace of fine arts and Exploratorium.I really don't think it deserves the high rating it's getting. But then again it's the only place I have stayed in San Fran.I would not stay there again.	
Feb 25 2008 	Not impressed	My husband and I stayed here last year to see the prologue of the tour of california. Overall, this was an okay hotel, but there are definitely nicer hotels in the same area for the same price.I do feel like the pictures on the website should be taken with a grain of salt. Our room was in the corner and was quite small. The room felt to us as if it had recently been &quot;flipped&quot; but not very well. The paint job on the walls was sloppy and the carpet was in decent shape, but nothing I would walk around on without my shoes. The bathroom was the most disappointing as it looked as if someone shoved a plastic shower stall that was a size too small in the spot where the old shower stood. The area around the shower was grimy and not sealed off properly. The door to the room also did not shut properly and had a huge gap on the bottom, letting in cold air, loud street noise and ants - which we woke up to crawling all over a box of cookies my husband was eating the night before.Overall, I would classify this as cheap, kinda dirty motel and would encourage people to look for better accommodations in the area. When we came back this year, we found a much better hotel that was extremely clean and just about the same price a few blocks down. I would not stay here again.	
Feb 20 2008 	Lovely place	Stayed at La Luna Inn and it was just like the website shows - the pictures were of the room not just the best rooms. Its on Lombard street which is a busy street, we stayed in the back part which was nice and quiet. It was very clean and had nice fresh decor, the staff were helpful and the room serviced every day. There are also security cameras in the corridors which makes you feel safe.You can walk down to the Marina through some lovely streets which is about a 7 minute walk and get some nice views of the Golden Gate bridge.I would definetely recommend this hotel to other travellers. The free parking is great too.	
Feb 15 2008 	Welcoming hotel! Pleasant atmosfere!	fantastic! room great: big enough for 2, very clean, well equipped with tea and coffee maker, but little enlightened. location very quite.staff remarkable!	
Jan 25 2008 	Great Value watch for noise	We stayed a slow weekend in January and got an $80/night rate. To get a cheap rate, look around online for the lowest rate, then call the motel directly. They will match or beat the best online rate. This hotel is in a great neighborhood with excellent restaurants and walking distance to Presidio, Exploratorium, Palace of Fine Arts, etc..The hotel was recently furbished and the room we stayed in was clean and spacious. Unfortunately, our room faced Lombard St./Hwy. 101 and the noise is a big factor. La Luna could dampen this noise significantly if they were to seal the door so that it fits better in the door frame. This is also a source of cold air. We kept the heater on to drone out the noise. I recommend not staying in room X01-X12 where &quot;X&quot; is the floor number. Ask for room not facing street. Another bummer for me was the bed was very soft (albeit spacious and new). I'm used to a firm bed, so my back was sore most of the weekend.The front desk help (Timothy, when we were there) was very helpful. Good restaurant recommendations and knew where to find things, in general.Don't expect much for the light continental breakfast (nothing fresh). Recommend walking two blocks to Judy's cafe on Chestnut St. for breakfast (they only take cash, but good portions of good food).	
Dec 28 2007 	Not bad at all!!!	I wish there was a motel like this in every city. I was working in San Fran for a week, at my own expense. I didn't expect much, I got a little more. The rooms were small but clean, decor was up to date and the staff was really nice... I will stay there again!	
Dec 3 2007	Highly Recommended!	Friendly, helpful staff; good breakfast; wonderfully comfortable pillow top mattresses (best I've ever slept on); colourful, clean rooms; free parking; great location; great rates!Traffic noise can be a problem, so if you're a light sleeper ask for a room away from the street.I would/ will stay here again!	
Nov 13 2007	Don't Let The Website Fool U! It Is What It Is. Cheap 	I'm writing this a day after I've gotten back from my trip to San Fran. so my memory and opinion is super fresh.I arrived in SF Saturday (11.10.07) morning and when I got to Lombard street I was sorely dissapointed. I became even more dissapointed when I saw the hotel. I turned to my friend and said &quot;Oh my god! I want to cry!&quot; Maybe it was the weather or maybe it was the fact that it looked more like a Motel, but it wasn't somewhere you look forward to staying. So we checked into our room an hour before check-in and it would've helped if the cleaning lady spoke a little more english, but my friend speaks some spanish so we managed. The hotel staff was super nice. Very friendly! THE ROOM itself was very small and clean but smelled musty. I bought a Glade scented candle from the Walgreens across the way, to help with the smell. It was however, nice and CLEAN. THE BED was extra comfy. I slept like a baby. I know others have mentioned about the NOISE, which is completely true. I could hear people clearly outside the door and I could hear the traffic as well. It would help to have a room in the back. The LOCATION of the hotel was perfect. The shops and cafes on CHESTNUT ST were perfect. It kinda made me feel less bad about staying at La Luna. Also, it was not far of a drive, maybe 10 minutes or less to FISHERMANS WHARF. Actually I was super pleased with the location and the Marina District. It was way less traffic than in other Districts and more layed back and low key instead of being bustling like most parts of the city. So I guess La Luna has it's down sides, but if you get over the inital shock of not seeing whats presented on their website, and appreciate it for what it is: A CHEAP WELL LOCTAED PLACE TO STAY. Then feel more than free to stay there.I should finish by saying that I would stay there again if I just really really wanted to go to San Fran and needed a cheap place to stay. My total cost for 2 nights was $225(i'll be posting my photo tomorrow)	
Oct 23 2007	Okay considering price	Cons: Included &quot;continental&quot; breakfast was a joke-- Wonder bread and grape jelly. Toilet was very underpowered. In a yuppie, fairly uninteresting location. Room was poorly lit. Noisy (traffic), you need to wear earplugs.Pros: Bed was very comfortable and had nice white duvet rather than slimy topsheet. Room was small but adequate. Located amidst trendy/yuppie shopping streets and good restaurants, and close to the bay. Decent walking distance to downtown and little italy, etc. Expensive for most cities, but relatively cheap for San Francisco.Bottom line: A good place to sleep, not to hang out.	
Oct 21 2007 	A Cheaper Alternative	This property was a good alternative over the major hotels in San Francisco. The rooms were clean, modern and somewhat basic. But, it is better than paying USD200 for the other major hotels downtown. I think the neighborhood (marina district) is a great alternative than downtown, as it has nice cafes and shops to go to. I suggest walking to the many restaurants along the above mentioned streets to look for breakfast. I booked the room through the property's website. The reception staff were very helpful. Also, parking was free, which is often hard to come by in SF.	
Oct 15 2007	A little run down	Overall the property is a little tired and doesn't really live up to the &quot;smart and stylish boutique hotel&quot; tag on their web site. Pretty good location although the rooms facing Lombard street are a little noisy - try to get one at the back.Breakfast is pitiful - we traveled in California for 4 weeks and La Luna was the worst breakfast of all the places we stayed. There are good options on Lombard @ IHOP or Mel's Diner but this doesn't make up for the fact that breakfast is included in the tariff. It's stopped bang on 9:30 so don't be late if you're on a budget, otherwise look elsewhere.The bathrooms are good and clean however the carpets are in desperate need of a steam clean or three so don't walk in bare feet in the room. Why do some hotels think it's OK to have sticky carpets?The hotel tries to steer you towards their wireless provider which doesn't appear to be free - there are free providers in the area so try to use one of those (SSDI Apple).The staff on the front desk and housekeeping are really nice and helpful and I can't fault the service, otherwise I didn't think the overall experience represented something I wanted to pay a little extra for.	
Oct 15 2007	Pleasant stay	The La Luna Inn is a pleasant place to stay if you are looking for a low budget hotel/motel. The location was great. Bus lines were close by, food, shopping, and several attractions were within walking distance if you don't mind 1-1/2 mile adventures (Crissy Field, Golden Gate Bridge, Fishermans Wharf). Make sure you purchase the San Francisco City Pass. It gets you unlimited access to the bus lines and trolleys throughout the city. In addition, you get passes to the Aquarium, Exploratorium, Bay Cruise, Museum of Modern Art, and more..all for $54. Which turns out to be a great savings over the face value of tickets to each place. The continental breakfast was very lite: coffe, juice ,tea, muffins, and toast. Nothing more. Some good coffee shops can be found nearby on Chestut street if you are in need of a good cup o'joe in the morning. The staff was very helpful and knowledgable regarding transportation, bus lines, and various places to eat and visit. The only down side to the hotel was noise levels. There is considerable street traffic noise on the front side of the hotel, and in the back of the hotel (where our room was) there is a great deal of echo due to a large building directly behind the La Luna. If I ever make it back to San Francisco I would consider staying at the La Luna Inn again.	
Oct 5 2007 	La Luna Does the trick	After reading many reviews for budget minded hotels in San Francisco we booked with La Luna Inn and we were very happy with the our choice. The staff was incredibly friendly and always happy to help. Our room was quite large, comfortable and well kept. We had noticed a few reviews mentioned noise coming off of busy Lombard St. but chose to take a chance any way, neither of us were bothered by any noise. We are from Chicago though and are probably use to more noise than say someone from a small town, but on the whole, even on the weekend I didn't notice any excessive noise in our street facing room. The location of La Luna worked nicely for us, pretty much anywhere we went, Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach, China Town, Pacific Heights, and Castro St, were easily accessible by the Chestnut St (One block North of Lombard) MUNI line, one bus and we were where we wanted to be. The Palace of Fine Arts is a quick walk from La Luna and a great place to spend an afternoon. The Marina is also a few short blocks away and was a great place to spend down time and people watch. There are also a number of restaurants, bars, and stores located on Lombard, Chestnut and other surrounding streets. I honestly cannot say enough about this place. The price was right, the location worked better than we expected, the staff made you feel at home, free parking, and clean spacious rooms (at least our was). I will agree with a previous reviewer who commented on the poor continental breakfast, it was rather pitiful, but I wasn't staying there for the food so, it really didn't bother me. There are plenty of places around San Francisco to pick up an affordable meal if you look for them.	
Sep 22 2007 	Ok for the price	Stayed for 3 nights before moving on to LA. The hotel was located at the Golden Gate bridge end of Lombard Street about 30 minutes walk from Fishermans Wharf and Pier 39. There was a lot of traffic noise from our front facing room which may bother some people but we didn't find it much of a problem. The rooms where clean and the decor looked quiet modern. The beds where comfortable and clean. Breakfast was very basic and served in reception. There are lots of trendy bars and restaurants close by and the area seemed very safe.Overall a fairly cheap motel style hotel where we would stay again if the price was right.	
Sep 20 2007	We will be back	Beds are very comfortable. Quiet, safe and centrally located area. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The free parking made it very convienent. It is very close to great resturaunts and local bars. With the unbeatable price, updated rooms and great location we will definitley return to La Luna Inn!	
Sep 7 2007 	Best Comfy Bed Large Room Slightly Noisy	Motel style but really nice modern rooms, staff were so helpful, on main road so slightly noisy and as a motel style you can here people wheeling their luggage and talking outside, dont let that put you off though cos I am REALLY sensitive to noisy hotels and i really enjoyed our stay here. Beds were huge and really comfy. About 30 mins walk to the piers and an uphill 20 mins to the curvy bit of lombard st. All in all an above average stay would return.	
Aug 24 2007 	LOUD but some pros too	This hotel is just a place to crash, but at the same time, it's not ideal. It gets the job done however, and it's super cheap for the area.Pros:Felt pretty safe although Lombard is crazy busyComfy bedsVery cleanFree parking (we had no trouble finding a spot)Cheap rate!Cons:Even the back of the hotel is LOUD...and not just from the street. People were in and out all night, and it really did effect my sleep.Breakfast was terrible- a loaf of bread, a toaster, coffee, OJ, and chocolate muffins (yuck).The bathroom needs a little TLC as far as decor. The shower had great water pressure, but everything need to be updated.The hotel is NOT close to Fisherman's Wharf....you need a taxi or drive.	
Aug 10 2007	never again	Perhaps the first problem was booking via an online site. I have found in the past that this means in many hotels that you get the worst rooms. We were in room #3, on the first floor on the parking lot. There was a workdesk but you had to move it and block the small space to hang clothes as there was no outlet where the desk was located. The bathroom was consisted of a toilet, a stand alone sink and a shower. No place to put most toiletries so they had to be left in the bedroom by the TV. Crappy towels, they should give safety pins so that you could easily connect 2 together in order to cover your body properly (and I weigh only 120 lbs). Door did not fit tight so there was a draft. Room itself had 1 poor nightlight making it difficult for one person to read if 2 people stayed in the room. However, 2 people in this room was a challenge. When the bathroom door was open you had to sidestep between the open door and the bed to get to the other side of the room. Pillows were very small and flat, and the bedcover weighed a ton! Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere. This place is totally not worth the price, and believe me, in my 57 years I have stayed in some really crappy places so I know what I am talking about.	
Jul 31 2007 	Nice Little Motel in San Fran	My husband and I stayed in La Luna Inn for two nights during a recent vacation to California. With tax, we paid about $107 a night, a good value, I think. The hotel is very cheery and nicely kept. The room was small, but that really didn't bother us. We weren't in it much anyway. A little bit of a hike to the attractions near Fisherman's Wharf, but we didn't mind. This is not the hotel for you if you want to step out the front door and be next to the attractions. But if you're up for a walk or taking the bus, then you won't mind. We had a room towards the back of the hotel, and the street noise wasn't a problem for us. Free parking is a definite plus. Breakfast was toast and prepackaged muffins, but it suited us okay. Nice stay overall.	
Jul 30 2007 	For budget travellers only	Booked 3 nights in July based on Tripadvisor reviews. Usually stay in Hiltons or Starwood properties, but decided to give this place a try. While the positive reviews here are largely accurate, their combined impact, I feel, is a bit misleading. Yes, the staff is friendly. Yes, the beds are clean and comfy, in an Ikea kind of way. But this is a budget motel, nothing more, nothing less. The continental breakfast is crummy coffee and muffins, or do-it-youselft toast, juice - edible, but very, very basic. The location is fine for getting around town, but quite noisy - essentially, this part of Lombard is the tail end of the freeway coming across Golden Gate bridge. No bath, just shower stall -concrete and cinder block, if my memory serves. Rooms were clean(ish)n but dark, with basic, budget furnishings. A good indication of the kind of place this is: The light bulb in our lone reading lamp was bunt out, so we asked the front desk to have it replaced on our way out in the morning. On our return in the evening, it was still out, so I went to the front desk to inquire. Was told there were no lightbulbs in the storeroom, so, therefore, we were still without light in our dark room. Told the chap, who was very nice, that I would kindly take the bulb from his desk lamp, which was the same as the one in our room - which he cheerfully handed over.If all you need in San Franciso is a bed, this place will do the trick. If part of your vacation plans include chilling in your hotel for a little while, this isn't the place.But, hey, it is only about 100 bucks a night!	
Jul 28 2007 	great find	We had a pleasant stay at La Luna Inn. The room was large and clean, the beds were comfortable. The staff was helpful, the continental breakfast was a convenient way to start a day. The parking was free. The price was a little over $100. We'll definately stay there again. Los Angeles	
Jul 20 2007 	Good Value	Much better than I thought it would be. Clean rooms, helpful desk people, adequate bathroom, free parking is a good thing in SF. Leave your car there and take the bus or cabs to where you want to go. Rooms in the back were ok but those in our party who stayed on the street side said it was very noisy.	
Jul 19 2007 	La Luna...Great location	After reading the reviews of many hotels in SFO I booked La Luna direct and I was very happy with the hotel. The location is wonderful being right on the bus line for either direction and free parking plus a continental breakfast. The area is very nice with cute restaurants and a Walgreens one short block away. The front desk staff were friendly and very helpful. They even offered us a partially used 3 day bus pass that another customer has left behind. The rooms are huge and have been newly painted and decorated with platform beds (very comfortable) and modern Danish style furniture. There are two office style black leatherette desk chairs on wheels (and armrests) for seating which we loved. Be sure to ask for top floor and quiet side of building as Lombard is very noisy plus rooms on Lombard get late afternoon hot sun. I stayed 3 nites and paid an average of $105 per night plus taxes.	
Jul 18 2007 	You get what you pay for	Booked to stay at La Luna after reading the reviews here. I requested a room facing away from traffic, but when I arrived there was only a room on the lower floor, right in the line of traffic. (They acknowledged my requests, but said they had limited availability). When I got into the room I discovered that the toilet and shower were backed up, yuck! So I ran back down to the front counter, and they moved me to another room-- with the SAME problem. Finally I got moved up a floor and into a room where the plumbing worked! I was glad I arrived in the afternoon instead of late evening as planned, or I might have been stuck! The location was fine, and aside from the plumbing issue things were pretty clean. The rooms did smell pretty musty, but the furnishings had been freshened up. The bedding was very nice. Overall, it was an okay place to crash for a few nights, but next time I'd probably try elsewhere.	
Jun 20 2007 	OK Stay	The motel is right on Lombard, within walking distance of the Palace of Fine Arts; Lombard is the main artery for commuters coming across the Golden Gate bridge into SF so commuter noise is loud (try to get a room in the back of the motel). Room size is very good, but storage is sparce. Beds were very good. No privacy curtains with the sun darkening curtains so the room was either pitch dark or open to view by the common walkway. Breakfast was toast, muffins, juice, coffee/tea. WIFI and kiosk are at additional $$. Adequate parking; many spots are covered. Staff very courteous/helpful. Original Buffalo Wing (OBW) resturant very close; serves breakfast/lunch/dinner - great salads and burgers. Two-queen bed room was about $125/night with taxes.	
May 29 2007 	Great budget stay in San Francisco	The La Luna Inn was a highlight of our stay in the city. The rooms were clean, beds comfortable, staff friendly and helpful, and there is free parking. It was safe and we were lucky to have a view of the Golden Gate Bridge. It is 30 minutes by public bus from the big attractions and the street can be noisy so look at a map before you book. But, good restaurants and shopping nearby. Overall, an excellent stay that I would recommend to friends.	
May 27 2007 	Perfect Budget Honeymoon	We had a great experience at La Luna. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was immaculately clean, the furnishings and decor simple and beautiful, the bed comfy. We did take previous reviewers advice and ask for a quiet room in the back. There were many very good little restaurants one street over on Chestnut and it was a pretty walk to the Exploratorium and a pretty hike to Fisherman's wharf. Just our style for our budget honeymoon and we plan to come back for our anniversary next year.	
May 2 2007 	Great upbeat motel at great price!!!	Our group of three booked into two rooms on a Sunday afternoon, loved the upbeat modern flair of La Luna Inn! Happy blue and yellow is the colour scheme, lamps are moden, new carpeting is refreshing. Our rate was $82 per night for a queen-size bed; our room had a large floor-to-ceilng window and our friend's room had a little skylight over his bed! very charming :-) We booked our rooms at the back of the hotel, away from the very busy Lombard street. Traffic starts jumping very early in the morning, and we were very glad to be away from hub-bub of the street. Bathroom was larger than expected, shower stall and no tub but this was ok. It would not hurt to have the bathroom sink replaced, but for a clean, upbeat motel at $82 in San Francisco, we were very happy with our decision to stay at La Luna Inn! Check-in was great, we were well received by friendly and professional staff, we could borrow current magazines from the lobby and check-in staff even did internet searches for us for vegetarian restaurants. Pillows in bedroom are TINY, great for small people :-) but we simply requested more pillows so all worked out well. Breakfast was toast (we took a pass on the pre-packaged muffins) and juice in the lobby-lounge which was bright, sunny, clean. Our experience at La Luna Inn was very enjoyable and we would definitely return! Happy Travels!	
Apr 26 2007 	Great Place!!!	Stayed for 2 nights. Found the inn pretty quickly. We were able to check in early and were able to select a room on the more quiet side (ie: no street side). The room was clean and we were very pleased with the size and comfort.A big plus is that Denny's and Mel's Diner are just down the street and open late (as we were there in town for 2 concerts and got home late every night).Cleaning service was great. Room looked and smelled fresh when we would arrive back.Inn personnel was great and friendly. We did not part take in the morning breakfast - we just were not up that early. We will be staying at this inn again when in the SF area. The rate was beyond great for the area ($65/night at this time). We booked direct with the website of the inn as it was the least expensive way.We highly recommend this inn.	
Apr 16 2007 	Very Nice Hotel	Stayed at the La Luna on the 31st of march only stayed one night was on our way to Reno,Nevada. We stayed on the third floor with a beautiful view of the golden gate bridge out of our balcany window .The room was even nicer than as described on their website.It was a very large room with a desk and two comfortable chairs, The bed was pillowtop and was new. The t.v was a 27 inch flat screen that had all the channels.The hotel was within walking distance to the IHOP, Mel's drive in ,Amici's pizza parlor and a walgreen's .Fishersman wharf was a little further but it still wasn't that bad of a walk. Was what seemed to be a very safe neighborhood .I 'm sorry if I went too long but I wanted you to know what you were getting into if you stay at the La Luna inn.Also forgot too mention the front desk help (TIM )was very knowledgeable and helpful with directions and bus numbers to the various places we wanted to go and see. I highly reccomend this hotel.	
Mar 29 2007 	excellent staff	I felt the rooms were quite large, especially for well under 100$. The check in staff was super friendly [on 2 different stay], especially the man who works on saturday evening. He made a point to put us in a quiet room because we were staying to do early am running races the next am. he also seems flexible with the checkout time. the rooms are a little dark, but excellent value overall!	
Mar 23 2007 	excellent value		
Feb 25 2007 	Excellent deal- I highly recommend this place!		
Jan 2 2007 	What a find!		
Nov 13 2006 	Clean Tidy and Central.		
Nov 5 2006	Pretty good stay		
Oct 15 2006	Loved La Luna Oct 14		
Aug 5 2006	"Lost" our reservation		
Feb 28 2006	Complete Rennovation in Progress		
Nov 16 2009 	Parcheggio gratuito...se si trova posto!		
Oct 23 2009 	Hotel bien situé chambre spacieuse et calme		
Sep 15 2009 	super bien recomendable		
Aug 31 2009 	buona scelta		
May 17 2009 	Nice stay		
Nov 19 2008 	Sin mas		
Aug 27 2008 	Hôtel sympa et stratégique		
Aug 26 2008 	Excellent hôtel		
Aug 17 2008 	Bon hôtel		
Aug 15 2008 	Bon hôtel		
Jul 1 2008 	La Luna Inn oder: "meine Nacht mitten auf der Autobahn"		
Mar 28 2008	Echter Geheimtip!!		
Oct 1 2007 	Sympathique		
Sep 30 2007	bon rapport qualité prix si on a le sommeil profond....		
Sep 23 2007 	Hotel sencillo bien situado y gente muy amable		
Aug 24 2007 	Esta bien		
Apr 4 2007 	günstig und gut aber laut		
