Nov 1 2009 	Not as advertised! Dirty worn and in disrepair! Don't believe the photos on the website!	Got a recommendation from a colleague; she must've been staying in the one nice room! Ours was filthy (paint worn through on the toilet seat) and in disrepair (ceiling tiles falling out, carpet worn and stained). Rickety wicker furniture and no room to turn around...linens sparce and worn. Bathroom vanity door was made of chipwood, swollen and would not shut. Couldn't get out of 1st night booked - but we paid the $15 fee for getting out of the 2nd night we had reserved. Glad I was with a friend and we braved it, but got out as soon as we could in the a.m. Left a light on all night for fear of bugs. TV was a 9 inch model. Room smelled musty. Could've been charming with lots and lots (and I mean lots!) of work/remodeling. Noisy. Parking was 1.5 blocks down, and scarey to get to...and we worried about leaving the car.	
Sep 18 2009 	Nice Hotel and Good Location	My two year old and I stayed in a pensione room on the third floor. It was nice, very clean, a homey feel, never a wait for the bathroom or shower. The only thing wrong was that the tv and cable were unpluged but I pluged everything in and it worked great. Also there was no clock in the room and I told the wonderful front desk and I had one in my room that day. The front desk was wonderful and very helpful with directions and other information. Breakfast was good. Location was very convenient a block from the bus. My son and I had a great stay and would stay again.	
Sep 12 2009 	Like a comfy old shoe	The building is old - kind of funky - definitely not seedy. Nice homey feel. No elevator but stairway is elegant if you like old architecture. If you want slick boring a la Holiday Inn - this ain't it. Hotel staff was very friendly. I chose a room overlooking noisy Lombard - it was great. View of the GG Bridge - window fairly soundproof. A short walk to Union St shops. Bike storage.Continental breakfast was fine - pastry,fruit, fresh raspberries, cereals.Internet is an extra $5 for the full stay - is speedy (unlike the snail-paced free internet at the chain hotels.	
Aug 5 2009 	great simple budget B and B	How can you beat a queen room with private bath (gorgeous new tile) and expanded continental breakfast, in a nice, safe part of the city, for $99 a night? This is the kind of B and B we have stayed in all over Europe and it is good value. Sure, the room is small. So i s my bedroom at home. You don't want to stay in the room, anyway.Yes, it's upstairs. You're probably someone who can climb stairs. It's even cheaper if you take a shared bath; the bath down the hall is clean and perfectly adequate. The bed was comfortable. The location, near the Marina, is convenient to everything, and there are some restaurants in walking distance, including the trendy &quot;noodle theory&quot;, which we liked for its high quality ramen with organic chicken and veggies. Parking is $12 extra, but it's not as bad as say, New York. . And oh---raspberries at the serve-yourself breakfast, with fresh baked crumpets, etc. The Europeans who stay here know they have a great deal. Second time I've stayed here, and I would definitely do it again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Good Value Option	I stayed at Edward II with my husband and my brother and sister in law. We stayed in a room with two queen beds.The building is in a good location: it is around 10 to 15 minutes by bus from Union Square; it is a five-minute walk to the famous Union St Shops, it is a five-minute walk to the wonderful restaurants of Chestnut Street, and it is within walking distance to the Presidio. Fisherman's wharf, where Alcatraz cruises depart from, requires two buses.The building itself is old but attractive. The interior is by no means &quot;modern&quot; - it still has many original fixtures and fittings - however our room was very clean and had enough space for luggage for four people. The room was made up each day with fresh towels and the beds were made. We had to ask twice for toilet paper though.The breakfast is plain and simple with no cooked food. There is a fresh fruit basket, Cheerios, Raisin Bran, muffins, fruit toast, English muffins, plain bread, orange juice, milk and water. My only complaint is that out of five nights at Edward II, we only got two breakfasts, because the breakfast only starts at 8am and if you have a day trip (e.g. Alcatraz, Napa Wine tour) you need to leave earlier than 8am. Also, there wasn't enough space for everyone to sit on the mornings we did have breakfast.All in all this is a very cheap option and I have no major complaints. I think personally it is probably important to remember that this is a budget option (for example, my husband + his siblings are staying in a hostel at the moment and we are &quot;budget travellers&quot;). It is a very small fraction (perhaps a quarter) of the cost of the downtown options and so, to me at least, it seems logical that you should have proportionate expectations. In summary, I would recommend staying here if you are a budget traveller with realistic expectations about what to expect in terms of value in a world-famous city in a great location. If you would like all the frills I would not recommend staying here and I would suggest paying the extra to go somewhere else, as this property will definitely not meet the expectations of everyone.	
Jul 7 2009 	It isn't as "lovely" as it appears!	I wish I had seen others' reviews of this B&amp;B before booking. Fortunately, the bed was comfortable and the street noise from Lombard quieted down during the night. What once may have have been quaint now appeared shabby, the dusty wicker dresser was broken and the bathroom was old and very small. The &quot;freshly baked muffins&quot; referenced in one ad actually consisted of store-bought muffins cut in quarters and there were no croissants or yogurt as advertised, the stock of items was running low when we arrived at 8:30 the first morning and the coffee was weak. We ate breakfast elsewhere the rest of our stay. The parking lot a block and a half away was a little seedy. Definitely not the stay we envisioned based on the website.	
Jun 29 2009 	Room not worthy of Edward II's Dog	As my sister said &quot;where do I begin&quot;. One night, one day taken from me that I'll never get back. If this is royalty, I'd rather live with the peasants. Okay, now I'll begin... Leaving from Detroit and losing my teaching job, I really felt I deserved more, at least some help getting my heavy bags up the narrow steep steps. As I ascended the stairs there was both a stench and the eerie cat in royal garb painting that really freaked us out. Next... When we got to the room, the carpet was dirty and worn, there was mold on the cracked ceilings, and the shower floor was filthy. I felt dirtier after my shower than before. The vanity door was broken, and the light fixture was a single light bulb, but at least it was energy efficient. The first bed was rock hard and the second was too soft and had a bit of a slope. The traffic noise kept us up all night and the construction guys took over during the early AM hours. We slept so poorly that we fell asleep in the park later in the day. After a horrible experience, we decided to not push our luck and get out of our next 3 days that we had booked. And, heck, what happened to that wonderful spa/bed and breakfast thing they promised. Luckily, the staff empathized with our plight and gave us our money back. I read that Edward II was a horrible king and his hotel embodies his leadership. I unfortunately must give a negative review of this hotel and hope that you look elsewhere. San Francisco is a nice city... why ruin it with horrible accommodations.	
Jun 11 2009 	ok for what it is.	Small rooms, older but clean. Be warned if on 3rd floor, no elevator which might be important if you have a bunch of heavy cases. Close to Marina district and easy to get around from. Staff was very friendly. Rates were what expected for area but there are some smaller ma and pa motels down the street that we would probably consider next time. Parking was arranged with local off site(1 block) and was additional ($12/day) Good bar and food right across street..Close to many restaurants and shops and a few blocks off of the Presideo and Coloseum museum area.	
Apr 19 2009 	Quaint but comfortable accomodations and a great staff...	The Edward II Inn and Suites is situated in a great location in San Francisco's Marina district within walking distance of the niche bars, unique restaurants and cozy coffeehouses of Chestnut street. While the accomodations were minmialist to the point of being spartan, the room was clean and comfortable enough, the coffee in the complimentary continental breakfast was excellent, and the staff at the front desk was warm, engaging, well-informed (in regards to the neighborhood, public transit, et cetera) and very friendly. At 95 dollars a night, the place was great...my fiancee and I thought the place was wonderful	
Apr 6 2009 	Quaint basic B	My husband and I stayed at Edward II when we were in town for two nights for a wedding. We booked at the last minute and there was availability when most other hotels were occupied for a big convention in town. The room was a little bit on the shabby side, but it was very charming and clean enough, as was the whole hotel. The big reason to stay here is the location. It is very conveniently located right off Chestnut Street in the Marina district and close to the water. Each morning we strolled the 10 minutes to the waterfront to watch the joggers and look at the Golden Gate Bridge. Breakfast was simple but tasty. Another plus, we were able to check in late at night after a long drive. Overall, I thought it was a good value for San Francisco, which is a very expensive city, and I would stay here again. If you are looking for a reasonably priced place to stay in the Marina District, and you like &quot;shabby chic&quot; b&amp;bs with personality, give this place a shot. If you're looking for stylish, modern, immaculate, try someplace else.	
Oct 27 2008 	Overpriced over promised under delivered and lied	I'm American, based in Dublin with an Irish other half. We've both seen the inside of plenty of B&amp;Bs throughout Ireland and the UK to have certain expectations. Before we arrived, The Edward II seemed like a godsend – SF was our first stop after a very long flight, we needed a place for our first night, and most of the city was booked out. What our stay actually became boiled down to the following:The Room: Advertised as a &quot;Classic queen&quot; but really a drag. Cramped and clammy with shabby furniture sporting stains, burn marks, gnawed corners. Sink next to the bed and not in the bathroom. Wires *everywhere*.The Ick Factor: Found a old hand-towel stuffed in the windowsill to collect moisture. hair on the shower walls... and on the floor. The Bathroom: Toilet did not flush. DID. NOT. FLUSH. The Noise: Construction in the lot next door started at 6am, housekeeping started at 8am. The shared bathroom for the floor was on the other side of our headboard; it also served as phone booth for guests looking to multi-task at 2am.But, most importantly...The Staff: At check-out I rationally and civilly complained to the woman at the front desk. She didn't handle the complaint but promised to let the manager – who wasn't in that day – know when he returned and he would contact us to resolve the issue.(Later, after seeing a photo of the owner/operators on their site, we realised the manager hadn't been away, but in the next room the entire time.)After returning to Ireland we called the hotel to repeat the complaint and got the same woman who checked us out. After being told it was our own fault we didn't complain sooner and more vociferously, I let her know about EU laws allowing charge-backs on credit cards for failure to deliver service as advertised... and only then was I given 20% back from the cost of the stay.	
Oct 4 2008 	A Charming Hotel - don't believe the nasty reviews	I had already booked my stay at the Edward II when the previous &quot;flop house&quot; review came out, and I apologized in advance to the coworker whom I'd also booked there. It turns out there was NOTHING to worry about. My coworker had grown up in England and said the inn felt like home to her. Here is my take on the experience. First the cons:The rooms are small, for me this was cozy and nice since I was staying alone. It would've been tougher to share the room with anyone but a spouse/close family member. It is also on a noisy street (even the sides that don't face Lombard are noisy), but I borrowed a fan from the management and had no problems with that. There are a few small items in need of repair (a loose tile in the bathroom, etc.). There is some fuss made about the smell in other reviews. Honestly, to me it didn't smell bad - it just smells like an older building, like my grandmother's house which had radiators just like the Edward II. Really, not a problem except for those who would wear Lysol as cologne.The pros: It is charming. The breakfast room has plenty to eat - oatmeal, fresh fruit, juice, breads, several cereals, pasty, quiche, GOOD coffee and a very extensive selection of loose teas with little teapots for steeping. It was clean and the beds and pillows were comfortable. The innkeepers were very helpful - answered every question and accommodated every request. The neighborhood has plenty going on and is safe for walking. I went out for a late walk and strolled to a 24 Hour Fitness that was about a mile and a half away at around 9 at night and came back an hour and a half later with no concerns about safety. There are a lot of great restaurants, shops and nightlife on Chestnut street a block away. Bottom line, this place was perfectly nice. I would stay there again.	
Sep 1 2008 	the place is that of a flop house and has a terrible odor dorm rooms are bigger	this is a terrible place just a flop house if you dont mind dirty teeny room that smells with broken funiture then this would be the place for you.. Just awful.. worst place ive ever seen in San Francisco . a true rip off .. website shows rooms but its false advertising at its worse.. we got our money back no problem after saying no thankyou when we saw the place .. Youd be afraid to sleep here honestly . just terrible a flop house at best	
Jun 27 2008 	A Really Good Choice	My boyfriend and I arrived at the Edward II Inn late at night after an awful journey from New York and having lost some important luggage. The owner was so kind and helpful and this high level of customer service continued throughout our stay; the staff were always available to offer advice and local knowledge. The location is fantastic and even though the hotel is decorated in a very quaint 'Olde English' style our room was more than big enough and sharing a bathroom was not a problem at all. All in all we were really happy with our choice.	
Apr 15 2008 	Safe Cheap Quiet..... Nice	1. Stayed in a room with shared bathroom facilities. However I don't think all the rooms get used to often so you have almost exclusive use of the bathroom. I never crossed paths with anyone.2. Rooms &amp; Beds are comfortable. For the price you pay your getting fantastic value. If you want fairmont... go to fairmont. Seriously why would you rate a &lt;$100 hotel at the standard of a $200+ hotel. 3. Check-in isn't 24-hour but the front door is locked by a security code. We were late but with a phone call we were given the code and our room which had the key waiting for us. Well organised.4. Reviews make you fear these kind of hotels but it is a perfectly safe and sound establishment. There is a bar of some kind but I don't think it was open to the public. In a nice safe part of town.Would return.	
Mar 28 2008 	I guess that's what you get for being cheap	I was on a paid trip at the Fairmont and decided to stay in San Fran for a week and decided to go cheap on the Hotel since my spouse wasn't staying with me.Room was terrible, advertisment didn't mention some rooms didn't have any bathrooms...i.e. mine... The 'communal' bath/shower was clean but scary and the whole property had this nice funny mold smell.Breakfeast was cereal and milk and plenty of fresh orange juice.The 'pub' is really a gratified basement bar... The only upside was there was no server so I served myself on a daily basis while working in the bar. I kept a tab and they made me pay for it at the end of the week!You want to go cheap and have a bizarre, unique place. Denifinitly not a place for a romantic outing.	
Feb 18 2008 	Confortable room disappointing breakfast	We stayed in the Lion's Head Suite and found the staff friendly and helpful. The sitting room is located just across the sidewalk from busy Lombard street, so the traffic noise was loud. The bedroom was quiet enough if we closed the door. The room had many nice features including a refrigerator, microwave, electric fireplace, soft robes, and a TV with a DVD player. Blockbuster is just across the street.Don't plan on sharing the Jacuzzi. It's not large enough for two people. It does not have a shower curtain, so water splashes on the floor during showers. It's not a huge effort to dry the floor with a towel, but I'd prefer a shower curtain. The breakfast quiche had too many onions for my taste. Other items included fruit juice, cold cereal, toast, instant oatmeal, grocery store pastries, plus apples, bananas and grapes. The breakfast reminds me of the &quot;expanded continental breakfast&quot; served at many motel chains. We liked the proximity to the Marina and Presidio, and plan to return. We also enjoyed the seafood at Cafe Maritime next door. Hime, the Japanese restaurant on the next block was good, too.	
Feb 16 2008 	Tiny old rooms!	This is a B&amp;B for backpackers and tight budget. Really small rooms!! Shabby carpets and the painting was peeling of the walls. No toilet/bath at the room, just a sink and a broken mirror. TV.Very loud between the rooms...But the location was good. You can go down to fisherman's wharf. Can,t recomend this...sorry. Too expensive for this standard!!!!	
Feb 10 2008	Cute place but...	Well to start, let me say we booked two room through Expedia, and it happened to be Chinese New Year weekend. This was our description of the room (same for each):Room : Standard queen room with private bathNonsmoking/Smoking: Non-SmokingRoom type: 1 QUEEN BED$127/nightMy sister checked in first, and received an extremely small room that made her feel claustrophobic for the first time in a hotel. The bathroom was not large enough to have two people in there at once. There was no heater in the rom. When she went downstairs to try to upgrade, they said they didn't have any other rooms, and she asked if they had any roms with refrigerators, and they said they didn't . Then a few hours later, I checked in and received a beautiful room with a refrigerator and a rotating heater on top of the frig. We had a little sink in the room next to our bed. The bathroom was a good size with a square tub/shower (but the sink was in the bedroom next to the bed). Overall the size was quaint, but we were very happy with it. When my sister came down to see our room she couldn't believe the difference, when we paid the SAME PRICE! She was not too pleased. I would have been really upset if I were her too! We had Rm. 218 if you'd like to know. We were very happy with it. I was especialy happy because I needed the frig. You could even specify you NEED a frig to get a better room? My sister's room was Rm. 306--AVOID this room.The breakfast was good. They put out a hot quiche pie, cereals, toasts, danishes, coffe, hot chocolate, juice, milk, etc... If you stay here you have to try a cupcake at Kara's Cupcakes right on Scott St. a half a block away.. They are the most incredible cupcakes you will ever try! My favorites were Sweet Vanilla, the chocolate one, and Banana caramel.Good location. Have fun if you go, and have a cupcake for me!	
Nov 17 2007 	Stayed in the Mandarin Suite	We just returned from one night at the Edward II Inn. Our choices on where to stay in San Francisco on a holiday weekend for just one night were limited. Most places required a three night stay. I was highly concerned after reading the reviews of late, but took a chance, since we were staying in the bed and breakfast rooms with private baths.We really had no problems at all. The staff was pleasant and helpful. The room was clean. And the location was good. The Room: The Mandarin SuiteThe room was up an odd short staircase directly off the breakfast room. But the door was heavy and the sounds from the adjoining room were not an issue. Door was a bit hard to open, but locked securely. The decor was Asian theme oriented with a nice black lacquer Chinese style headboard on the bed and a pretty painted screen. The rest of the furniture was quite dated, and frankly needed updating. The electric fireplace was completely worthless as it produced no heat and was faced in such a way that you couldn't see the fake flames from the bed or the couch! The TV was a whopping12&quot; screen, but it had clear reception and a DVD player. The bathroom was clean and spacious. There were plenty of towels, none of which were super plush, but all smelled, looked and felt clean. There was a blow dryer. There was no shower enclosure, which was a bit odd, but as I said there were lots of towels, so we could clean up the over spray. The other odd thing about the bathroom was the door to the toilet/shower/sink---if you are looking for privacy, forget it! The bathroom door has a large glass window in it. There was a cold mini fridge (I have paid twice as much for rooms in hotels that had warm fridges!). A small wet bar type sink and closet complete the room. The ceilings are high and the lighting was period in appearance. This is in an old building--so it is NOT ADA compliant. Overall the room was fine--it was clean and the theme provided charm to an otherwise outdated interior.The room did have windows that were frosted, so you couldn't see out. There was minimal alley type noise and you could hear dishes clanking from the restaurant next door. All was quiet at about 10 pm. The next noise we heard was around 7:30AM when the garbage truck came. Hey, it's a crowded city and you are staying in an old building--I am not expecting it to be absolutely quiet. There are many wonderful places to eat, wine bars, coffee spots, and shops on Chestnut--one street over from Lombard.The Breakfast:This was also quite nice for the price we were paying. There was hot, fresh homemade quiche, yogurt, two types of cereal, store bought Danish pastry, several types of breads, and a fruit plate. There was milk, water, tea, coffee, hot cocoa and orange juice. The dishes were clean and Jai kept bringing out more piping hot quiche. Newspapers and access to the internet were waiting for us in the morning. They told us when we were leaving that they don't open their pub much to the public, but if you want a drink in the evening, the staff will be happy to serve you. I wish they would have told us that the night we checked in!I have no idea what the European shared bathroom rooms were like--but I think everyone was satisfied with the bed and breakfast rooms. Staff guided us to good food and public transportation options. I think that the accommodations are fine, but certainly not luxurious. I would stay here again.NOTE: Take bus 30 from Powell BART Station--do not attempt to walk from the end of the trolley car line, down Lombard to the Inn. That is the mistake we made coming in and boy, that climb up the big hill with our suitcases was grueling. Bus 30 was a lifesaver! Getting from the Oakland Airport to the Marina area was not a problem--take Air Bart Bus to the BART station in Oakland and then head into San Francisco. Save your money and put it towards a good meal.	
Apr 26 2007 	For people with a very limited budget.....	I did not noticed my reservation said shared bathroom. I never have stayed in something like this so since I booked a room with 2 beds I thought it was one bath to be shared for 2 persons....LOL The room is tiny, barely fits 1 queen and 1 junior bed. That is ok for me I know land is expensive. Breakfast was good, better than in la quinta because of the hot quiche and cake. Also bananas, milk, coffee, tea, yogurt, cereal that is it.Area does not look scary, and I felt safe. Front desk staff is nice. Restaurants around, pharmacies....Bad side: Internet is charged extra. Noisy room faced the street, so I woke up 4 or 5 times during hte night. My friend said it was ok for her. I totally disliked the GREEN MOLD around the sink furniture, yes the sink was in front of my face beside the closet. Room smelled bad I coudl even say to peeing... absolutely disgusting for me. The surprised of what is a shared bathroom (you share bathtub located in one room and a toilette located in another room) is just not for me. One morning while going ot the bathroom I saw a man coming out of the bath room and he did not have towels or the staff you take when you shower then I noted the toilette room was occupied.....I think he pee in the bath tub......I booked this hotel becasue I could not find another and I was going to an interview in a university. Although that I am a student trying to wave some details in order to get student prices .......I would not be back here.....just if I can not find another hotel available....in hte whole SFO	
Apr 16 2007 	Miserable Experience	I would not recommend Edward II to anyone except people who put location ahead of everything else. The tiny room was extremely cold, day and night. When I asked how to turn on the heat, I was told that the building's heat wasn't turned on and there was no way to heat individual rooms. The closet contained only two hangers, and the advertised &quot;gourmet&quot; breakfast featured an open bowl of some kind of dark brown dry cereal and open plates of bread and pastries, along with an uncovered, gray-looking quiche. The stale coffee was left to boil on hotplates. We chose individual packages of yogurt and fruit, which were good, but not gourmet as promised. The hotel lacks an elevator for taking luggage to the room. Our family will never return to the Edward Ii and will not recommend it to our friends.	
Feb 17 2007 	Grotty little room	My wife and I were given a tiny stuffy room (a &quot;Supreme Queen&quot;)in which the bed was obliged to be shoved against one wall. The mattress was a sagging disaster. The room ventilation consisted of a window with broken blinds opening on a wall. The shower control was broken and there were loose tiles in the bathroom. The tv remote didn't work. Signs of decay and the absence of maintenance were everywhere. The breakfast consisted of cold quiche, packaged pastries, and white bread for toast. This hotel used to be a great place at a good price; it has really gone down hill.	
Oct 29 2006 	Very Nice place to stay great location	My wife stay at this charming B and B for 4 nights . It is located just one block from the 30 bus which goes about every where you want to go IE china town, fishermans warf, castro distict, south beach, market square ect. the hosts were just wonderful. the room was clean somewhat small by todays standards but the hotel was built in the 1930's great little breakfast with a different fatata everyday along with great coffee, nice homemade sweet breads , regular bread and cereal with fresh fruit , jucie and yogart. would recommend highly and would come back again	
Sep 28 2006 	British B	Good Little B&amp;B in the form of a traditional British B&amp;B.The owner Jai &amp; his lovely wife could not have done more for us on our visit,we did not have a car and when an emergency arose ,Jai drove my wife to a store for medical supplies ,which helped us finish our vacation.Alittle piece of Britain in the Marina District of San Francisco.The Flying Scotsman.	
Sep 21 2006 	Another Great B	We went here for our honeymoon and had a tough trip for reasons other than the hotel. The room was kinda small but was a cozy landing place after a long day out. We decided not rent a car and instead used the bus system to go everywhere, this made the trip more arduous than fun - I'll fix that for next time. On our last day there Jai (the operator, very nice guy, down to earth and likes good food) gave us the Mandarin Suite for a romantic last night. The suite was fantastic, I would recommend with this hotel to spend a little more and you'll recieve much better as far as the room goes. A great trip to remember!! Thanks Jai and Rita!	
Jun 26 2006	This place is awful - what a disappointment	What a disappointment! My husband and I wanted a nice place to spend a weekend, the inn's website made it sound perfect - pub, coffee throughout the day, english furnishings, evening glass of sherry, coffee throughout the day, etc.. Well what a disappointment- $300 for two nights in a tiny room (advertised as an upgraded queen room) it was a tiny room sparsely furnished with a hard thin mattress and a torn shower curtain. The wireless internet was broken, the pub closed (permanently I guess) the only food is a continental breakfast which is nothing special. If there is a propietor, he/she never showed their face. My suggestion - save money and stay in one of the dozens of aging motels in the area, I doubt if they are any worse than this place.	
May 18 2006 	Truly horrible!	The paint was peeling off the walls and the wallpaper was torn. My room was dingy and musty and drafty. The bed sagged. There was a coat of dust on the toilet paper holder and the towel rack. The shower curtain liner was gross. I suspect it wasn't my imagination that microscopic bugs were crawling on me in the bed. PLEASE stay anywhere but here--San Francisco has so much better to offer.	
Oct 12 2005	Great B	This little b&amp;b in San Francisco was excellent. The staff are very helpful and accomodating. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The B&amp;B is in an old building, but that just adds to the charm of the place. The location is 5-10 minutes from Fishermans Wharf on the bus and across the street from Chestnut Street which has awesome restaurants and shopping. I am a flight attendant that has stayed in many hotels, in many parts of the world, and I definetely recommend this B&amp;B. It is also easy to get out to Sonoma and Napa from here, it's a 5 minute drive to the Golden Gate bridge.	
Sep 19 2005	Charming	My husband and I stayed at the Edward II Inn May 19-21, 2005 and found the accommodations charming. The staff was helpful and accommodating and the owner was warm and welcoming. While the rooms were in the style of a country cottage, they were clean. We really enjoyed the breakfasts in the morning with all the fresh pastries and fruit. All-in-all we would probably go back the the convenient and non-costly Inn.	
May 18 2005	Not for your honeymoon!!!	This place was voted one of the &quot;most romantic places to stay in San Francisco&quot; according to MSN so I decided to book our honeymoon here. Needless to say, I was SEVERELY DISAPPOINTED. The outside is attractive and the neighborhood is okay (it is quite close to the Fisherman's Wharf area). First they made us pay up front for the 3 nights (we were planning on staying 3 nights here and 3 nights at the Radisson Miyako for the same price). We climbed up 3 flights of stairs to our TINY room and had a spectacular view of a brick wall and an alley full of trash. The room seriously reminded me of an old maid's room with tapestries of teddy bears and wicker furniture. You can hear everyone come in and even though we were in the back I could still hear all the traffic. It was spotless though no complaints in that department. The staff is pleasant but we decided to stay one night only since we were tired. We did get a refund on 2 nights but they did not refund the 2 nights of parking we had paid in advance. Oh yeah, the parking lot is far and pretty scary. The continental breakfast was above your usual fare. Okay I guess, but don't stay here for your honeymoon. We stayed at the Radisson Miyako for $3 less a night!	
May 18 2005	Great value great hotel	Great hotel on Scott and Lombard. Great breakfast. Friendly management and staff. The rooms are adequate and even though we reserved a room with shared bathroom this was no bother at all. The bathrooms are clean and only steps from your room. The view from our bedroom window of the Golden Gate Bridge was fantastic. A bit noisey first thing in the morning, but that's what earplugs are made for!! The hotel provides you what you need, as a visitor to SF we did not spend hardly any time at all in the hotel, but when we returned after a day of touring we received a warm welcome and big smiles. Diolch yn fawr.	
Oct 19 2004	Good Value October 8-11 2004	I and my family stayed at this inn for 3 nights. We were generally satisfied with the place. The rooms and premises were very clean and the staff were knowledgeable and friendly. The rooms were quite small but adequate. My only complaint would be regarding the breakfast room. The inn was filled near capacity and the breakfast room, which is tiny, was always packed. As a result we had to either eat in the pub or bring a tray back to our room. Also, the breakfast itself was only &quot;continental&quot;, as opposed to a fully-prepared meal, which I gather is the concept of a B'n B. The price of the rooms was reasonable and the location is in close proximity to several San Francisco attractions. If we were to do a &quot;budget&quot; trip to this city again, we would stay here.	
Aug 12 2004	Still Wonderful -- New management made it even better!	We've stayed at this inn five times now, and it's still a joy! It's under new management now, and the friendly new owner has added some great things: internet access in lobby, expanded continental breakfast, and complimentary Yardley Lavender bath products. The rooms are still very clean and neat. My only recommendation is to ask for a room that doesn't face on to the street -- it can get a bit noisy at times.	
Feb 17 2004	Dissappointed with the whole thing	We stayed there over the past Valentines Day weekend, and were severely dissappointed. Peraps we have been spoiled with staying at the nicer B&amp;B's all over the country, but this seemed plain. the staff didn't seem to know very much about the city, and were fairly incompetent. The room was nice, but the second part of a B&amp;B is breakfast, which was severly lacking. For the price, we should have simply stayed in a great hotel. We never once saw the innkeepers. We stayed in the main house, which was pretty, but unremarkable. The parking is over a block away in a less-than-desirable neighborhood, and we felt nervous about keeping our car there.	
Feb 5 2004	Disappointing	I booked a room for a family of 4 last summer because of all the great reviews, but I was in for a big disappoinment. This is not a family hotel nor would I want to stay here if I was on my honeymoon. It was very plain and my room was small. I had to ask the lady at the front desk to let me cancell my reservation and looked for another hotel. She was very nice about it and gave me a complete refund. Maybe the other rooms are better, but from what I saw I would not return to try them out.	
Dec 19 2003	King Edward is the best!!!!	This is a very clean, very nicely decorated bed &amp; breakfast. Rooms are cozy, romantic, just adorable. Continental breakfast is great, even the orage juice is terrific!I ALWAYS recomend this place to anyone going to the city, they have parking, it's convenient to drive to attractions, and bottom line, it's just so beautiful!!!It doesn't hurt that it is economical as well. The staff is amazing and very helpful.	
Dec 15 2003	Edward ll Cozy and Unique	The Edward ll is a great place to spend a few days. My husband and I stayed in a less expensive room with shared bath. It was surprisingly quiet, given the hotel's busy location. The room was simply appointed, but very clean and comfortable.In four days, we only had to wait once, for under five minutes, to use the bathroom. The establishment had seperate shower and toilet facilities, which we thought was very sensible.Staff were friendly and helpful in directing us around the city.The compimentary continental breakfast was yummy! It included assorted pastries and breads, yogurt and fresh fruit {one day rasperries}. The included evening sherry was an appreciated treat at the end of our busy days of sightseeing.We would definitely stay at the Edward ll again, if we get an opportunity to return to this fun and interesting city.	
Jan 26 2009 	muy acogedor		
