	Our Favorite Motel Gem in SF	We've stayed here 3 times over the last 2 years and will be back again when next in SF. The upgraded rooms and furnishings are well above any comparable national chain and kept very clean., It's very fairly priced for the quality received at this motor court motel. Managers Henry and Emma are great.	
Nov 23 2009 	Much nicer than expected excellent value!	Excellent value!, paid under $70/night. Room was very clean and MUCH nicer than expected with upscale bedroom furniture and stylish granite bathrooms ... a nice surprise after a long day of travel. Some road noise could be heard, but felt safe overall. Several restaurants and a few party stores were within a block's walk, convenient. &quot;Continental&quot; breakfast was offered in the a.m. which consisted of a basketful of prepackaged cinnamon and pecan rolls (better than nothing) and coffee/OJ/Cranberry juice. Rooms also had small coffee makers.	
Oct 18 2009 	Convenient Location Clean and Safe	I rated this one as a very good stay given the great location, low rates, and the other stuff, like free wireless, fridge, microwave, iron etc. Room 215 was clean and quiet with a nice marble shower and comfortable bed. There is an abundance of cafes and stores in the area and you are a short walk from the Presidio and Golden Gate Park. Parking if you need it is in the courtyard right outside your door.	
Jun 29 2009 	Wonderful Motel Great service Fantastic Location	We were in the city to see the TUT exhibit ( just a few blocks away at the De Young) and found The Geary Parkway Motel a perfect location, the price is right, free parking, continental breakfast and Henry at the desk is wonderful. The rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable and we had no problem with noise. - Visit the Geary Parkway Motel, you will well taken care of.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great Room Great Value Great Service	I too was leary about staying at this hotel with my elderly mother and sister. We had read bad reviews on the web but this hotel was reasonably priced and an easy bus ride to the VA hospital. When booking the hotel over the phone the manager was very friendly. Once we arrived the manager was once again very friendly and helpful. Room 106 with 2 double beds was very clean and comfortable. The room was a bit small but still a comfortable stay. Also, very close to many choices of resteraunts and bus 38 was quick and easy to catch.	
Mar 25 2009 	Great Accommodations	Room 206 with a King Bed was clean and quiet . The management was very helpful in answering questions. Lots of different Ethnic Restaurants in walking distance. Also less then a 15 minute walk to Golden Gate Park to visit the De Young Museum, California Academy of Science, Japanese Gardens and more. Bus 38 was a quick ride(Less then 30 minutes) to Downtown. Most importantly the price was very reasonable. Enjoy	
Mar 1 2009 	Much better than previous reviews indicate	We picked the Geary Parkway Motel primarily because of its close proximity to the home of friends we were visiting in the Richmond District of San Francisco, and its very reasonable price (for that city), but were kind of dreading our stay due to the negative comments about customer service posted by prior reviewers. We were pleasantly surprised. The attitude of front desk staff, especially Henry, was professional and helpful. The room, although on the small side, was very clean, and had better than basic appointments: microwave, cube refrigerator, fairly comfortable king bed. The free parking was also a &quot;bonus&quot; in San Francisco. We will definitely stay here again when we visit our friends.	
Aug 28 2008 	Bad Idea!	I thought I would save a few bucks by staying here. Nope, they are pricey, and not to mention, rude. I will not stay here on my next trip to wonderful San Francisco. Besides this motel, everything in San Francisco was wonderful. If I can help one traveler from staying here, I will feel like I didn't help enough.	
Jul 15 2008 	Stay Far Away From This Place	I just need a place to stay for a night on my way through to Souther California. I wish I would have driven a little further. The people that work there are the rudest I have encountered in the Hotel business. The non-smoking room smelled like someone just finished smoking a pack. They charged me a higher price than they told me on the phone. Their bedding made me itch. The location is no good either. There is nothing to walk to except the park. Save yourself the misery that I endured so that you won't have to.	
May 15 2008 	Best value	We've stayed at this hotel whenever we come to SF. We've been doing it for 2 years. We used to live in the city and feel it's a real gem for it's location and price. It's sometimes noisy but it's obvious since it's on a busy street &amp; next to a bus stop. The best thing is that we've gotten to know the manager &amp; his wife. They have always been accommodating, friendly and professional.	
Apr 9 2008	Pleasantly Surprised!	I recently spent 5 nights at this hotel, and after reading the reviews on this website, I had pretty low expectations. If it wasn't for the price and the fact that it's the only location within walking distance from my relatives, I would have skipped it, but I'm glad I didn't. From the moment I checked in, I was pleasantly surprised by the hospitality of the staff. I arrived early and the man at the desk went up to have the maids finish my room immediately. It was clean, comfortable, and I never needed anything. Even my relatives commented on how they wanted to stay there instead of their own homes!The staff is also very diligent about keeping up a &quot;positive&quot; image, which I appreciated. For example, my sister had acciendtally taken my room key, and I told her to drop it off at the front desk until I got back, which she did. Later she tried to pick it up again so that she could get some things she had left in my room the night before, and they wouldn't return it to her because a) she was not listed as staying in the room and b) she had her boyfriend with her, and as I was told when I came in a few hours later for the key, they &quot;don't run that kind of hotel.&quot; I know I was happy to hear that they are strict about their policies. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone needing a cheap, clean place to stay. It's not Ritz Carlton, but it definitely does its job well!	
Feb 13 2008	Horrible	I have a three month old and was walking with her in a baby carrier when the belt harness suddenly came loose. I stepped inside the office of the motel to ask the woman if I could put my baby down on her chair while I fixed the carrier. She told me I couldn't and it wasn't her job to help me out. When I said I hope she doesn't do business like this, she swore at me. I couldn't believe it! Even if this place is cheap, it doesn't deserve to be in existence with someone like that working there.	
Oct 6 2007 	Be Careful	Made a reservation online last Sunday to stay at the Geary Parkway Motel this weekend. Before making the reservation, I called the motel directly to inquire about room availability since this weekend is Fleet Week - quite a busy time. Was told there was availability, but the price quoted was higher than the online price. Decided to go with the online price (which was discounted because it required paying in advance). Completed the booking within minutes of speaking with the motel reservation agent. Upon returning from work on Tuesday, I had received a message from the motel that they were overbooked. When I spoke to the motel's agent, he explained that they could transfer our reservation to another motel, the Presidio Inn and Suites, about 5 miles away. Initially, I appreciated the effort to help, but when I checked Trip Advisor for reviews, there was nothing above a 1 on the first page of reviews, and a 2 overall. It was also too far away from where we needed to be. I became worried about a &quot;bait and switch&quot; tactic, so I called the agent again and let him know that The Presidio Inn would not work for us. I explained the situation... that I had called the motel before booking to make sure there was availability and that the overbooking situation had apparently occurred after my reservation, and asked if there was anything he could do. He said he would check with the hotel desk person and call me back the following day.... didn't happen, so I called the online booking agency and cancelled through them on Wednesday. The motel rep I had been speaking with finally called me back Friday and said he needed to know if we were keeping our reservation at the Presidio Inn.... 2 days after I had cancelled the reservation with the booking agency. Beware - communication between the online reservation agency and The Geary Parkway is sorely lacking, and &quot;paid in advance&quot; does not guarantee your reservation at this establishment. You may find yourself without accommodations, as we are. I am waiting to see if my bank card account is reimbursed.	
Jun 27 2007 	Spotless!!! convenient	This was the cleanest hotel I've ever stayed in. I kept thinking that the entire bathroom was wet, but it was just SUPER SHINY and polished. Really nice place, cozy and conveniently located right near the bus stop.	
Jan 21 2007	Extremely rude staff	I stayed for one night at this hotel and specifically chose it for it's good location. But would never recommend it to anyone because of the extremely rude behaviuor of the motel staff. They do not honor their online coupons at google and are extremely rude denying it.Their toilets are dirly with rusty panelling and moist floors. They also do not provide complementary breakfast they so proudly advertise.Bottomline, they know people would come because of the location and it shows in their extreme arrogance.	
Jul 23 2005	A bit noisy but great location	Yes, it's noisy, but close to everything you want to see. Also, for the price (very reasonable), you can't expect peace and quiet. Room was clean. Very close to Golden Gate Park	
Mar 17 2004	Crummy hotel in a decent area	This hotel has great potential since it is in a nice, friendly walking neighborhood that is just a 10 minute bus ride from everything that is great about this city. The rates are decent for this area as well. However, the poor customer service of the staff/owners, noisy parking lot and somewhat questionble character of other guests there (fights in the parking lot in the middle of the night and several really noisy neighbors partying all night) make it a place I would not stay again. The Greenwich Inn in the Marina area is much nicer for about the same price.	
