Nov 17 2009 	Terrible customer service.	The Gaylord is where the cast of South Pacific on tour stayed, we lived there for a month. It may look cute, but the staff makes it a terrible place to stay. Not only are they completely inept at handling simple tasks like billing correctly, they are completely rude or just simply clueless when you try to discuss any discrepancies or problems or simply needs like new towels. Getting your mail was even an issue. Oh, and the elevator never worked. Bit of a problem when you are staying on the 12th floor.	
Nov 15 2009 	A budget gem close to Union Square.	We arrived prior to book in time and were immediately given access to our room which was great after a long flight from Brisbane, Australia and given it was a warm day and we were desperate for a change of clothes! Our room was exactly like the one on the website and despite what other reviewers said our room was serviced every day. Staying for eight nights I had searched high and low for accommodation with a kitchenette and found it at the Gaylord, so we were able to have breakfast in our room each day and an evening drink and nibbles before going out as the Gaylord is a very short walk to Union Square. Our room was on the 12 floor and at the end of the hallway so the noise we experienced was minimal. My partner being vegetarian I have to recommend the Golden Era just around the corner at 572 O'Farrell Street as great value for money and for Thai try Ar Roi Thai Noodles at 643 Post St.	
Nov 10 2009 	Value priced room for a big conference (Oracle Openworld)	This was a lucky find when I had to make a late booking for a conference which normally wipes out all the sensibly priced rooms that are walkable to Moscone.Suite-style room, recently refurbished and well equipped, but corners cut during refurbishment (cheap and sloppy painting). Old fashioned single glazed windows and wooden venetian blinds made the room noisy. And no aircon in the summer would be noisier still. Internet did not work but I did without since I had free access at the conference anyway.Main lifts were out of action for most of the week, had to use the freight lift at the back to get to the 11th floor.Occupied for 1 week on a serviced apartment basis. Room had full set of amenites (towels, soaps etc, plus dishwash liquid and sponge) at start of week but was not serviced/cleaned/replenished daily (no worse than home, hey).On the edge of a less salubrious area (don't walk down Jones Street towards Market St at night--only access by Taxi or from Geary St then up the last few meters)	
Nov 6 2009 	great room good locatiion no service	if you want a really nice room with a super comfy bed, microwave, fridge, toaster, iron, plates, glasses, etc... it's a GREAT VALUE...But...i f you want to have to ask for your own towels, toliet paper, and don't mind an absence of front desk help ----this is your place!the area is a few blocks from Union Square, but actually, is in the Tenderloin---- especally, if you don't mind passing druggies, bums and the general skumbags you has to pass to go anywhere. the internet was slow, and the email at the front desk was not working.... if you need to print something or get a good connection, check out the Angel's Cafe on Geary. they are 2 blocks down (tenderloin) ---- otherwise, don't walk down Jones towards the big glass building (green)----- only if you like the smell of urine, the sounds of sirens, the sight of people sleeping, passed out, hooking, or eyeballing your pockets.as far a the room, it was quite nice and comfortable, just expect to be on your own when it comes to front desk help, know which way you are going and you'll be fine!	
Oct 13 2009 	Sirens in the Night	bad at Gaylord suites: Jones Stscuff marked wall as soon as you open door give a poor impression of the roomtorn lampshades x 2TV interference ( a lot )noisy street noisemalfunctioning lift opening and closing for 3 daysother lift brokenat one stage all 3 lifts not workingno one answering desk , “voice mail” box fullalthough it was a renovated floor, looking worn alreadyfloorboards nice but can hear people walking abovean area of the floorboards in room very scratched no attempt to repairasked for soiled base sheet to be changed, and a face washer ,housekeeping came in, made bed up but didn't change soiled sheet and took a face washer away instead ??inconsistent service level at front desk ranging from “great” to “nasty”not so knowledgeable about local area, facilities etcwindows dangerously low sills would not be allowed to open in Australia without additional railing on the inside.Handle of overhead cupboard positioned to poke your eye outweird smell under sink / fridge areawardrobe door missing part of closing mechanism so one door clicked shut and the other hung annoyingly openwalk 2 blocks in the wrong direction and you find yourself surrounded by scary beggars and street peopleno local printed information in room ie. tourist, public transport info etcwe were told very clearly that our room would not be available until 3.00 pm so we emailed asking if some arrangement could be made to look after luggage . They said they would look after it. We arrived at about 11.00 am and they took us directly to our room. No mention of their early arrival policy. Not sure if this is a plus or minusno instructions on how to use phone or contact reception, use TV, operate heater etcduvet cover fasteners all broken so duvet slipped out of cover all the timeasked for extra clothes hangers was told I was not allowed to have any more and would have to go and buy them, next day 10 magically appeared inside wardrobe.Endless ticking , tapping from heater added to an interrupted nights sleep. When reported at desk was told it will be investigated but of course no one bothered to report back what the issue was or for that matter fix it.LOUD LOUD LOUD, people laving bars, endless fire trucks, sirens and police cars up and down street all hours of day and night. Finally, just before we left we were told that part of monthly fee would be refunded as we had to leave early due a medical emergency, that refund never appeared, enough said !good at Gaylord suites:location very centralclose Union square etcpublic transport easy to access airport via BARTtrolly cars, MUNI buses etc all closehaving kitchenette very handy for breakfast, coffee and take away, keeping drinks etc handyshopping, laundry etc close bymonthly rate works out very reasonablygreat views, high upcomfy duvet and large mattresseslarge, spacious and open feeling rooms on level 10 and abovelarge LCD TV but reception dodgyFree national callslaundry downstairs but I wouldn't use it, looked quite yucky I suggest use laundry service around cornerfree WI FI but you must plug into back of phone for proper connection, WI FI doesn't work in rooms due to the thick walls, you have to go down to lobby for WI FI but you must plug into back of phone for proper connection,Some nice staff members Final commnets:make sure your room is not on the street and face the backwould I recommend this hotel??? maybe but be warned of some of the downsides described above.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great Value	This hotel is a little gem, the hotel lobby is impressive, in a sort of gaudi style - the staff couldn't be more helpful and friendly. As you travel through the hotel to your room you feel as though you are going to be disappointed as the corridors are narrow and the bedroom doors could do with a little TLC. However the rooms are spacious and very clean, they are decorated in a contemporary style and look as though they have been recently refurbished. There is a small studio type kitchen which has everything you need for a short stay. Great bathroom products supplied - very generous and good quality given the very reasonable cost of our stay. Only small critisism no hairdryers and no air con or ceiling fans which could be a problem when the weather is very hot. Overall for £70 + tax per night for a pretty central location near Union Square it is great value and we will definitely return. Oh, and they have laundry facilities - great if you are travelling.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great value - nice hotel	Recently spent a few nights at this hotel. Located walking distance to Union Square. The &quot;Gaylord Suites&quot; rooms have all recently been renovated (there appeared to only be 3 floors of the hotel renovated and the other rooms were in original condition). The renovated rooms were large and clean, and very nicely laid out. The beds were fabulously comfortable. We were on the street side and there was some noise - on the weekends from the bar down the road - and most nights there seemed to be numerous fire engines passing - although they seemed to be everywhere around SF!A nice place to stay - would recommend to friends.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great Place To Stay	After reading previous reviews I was a bit concerned of the location of this place. Firstly the room and the building were faultless. Staff on desk at all times were very helpful and welcoming. There is free wi-fi in whole hotel and there is also free coffee available as u walk in. Room was very clean and very modern and we had a great view. One thing you should be aware of is the location. Literally two blocks down on Jones St is Tenderloin area which is a bit rough. One peice of advice is to always access hotel from Geary St and turn right onto Jones St where it's located, coming onto Jones St further down isn't good. Lots of homeless &amp; drunks around who spot u as a tourist a mile off and are straight in your face, but San Francisco has loads of homless/beggars wherever there are loads of tourists. If you access hotel from Geary St it's usually ok though.You are literally a 5 minute walk from Union Square and all the trams, cable cars &amp; buses you need. The BART station is just the bottom of Union Sq so easy access to and from Airport.If you want breakfast goto Pinecrest couple of blocks down from Hotel on Geary St, serves the most beautiful and affordable breakfast.Price of the apartment we paid was a steal and far better then being cramped into a hotel room. Had its own LCD TV, phone, free wi-fi, microwave, fridge and kitchen sink with everything u need. Toaster and coffee maker should u need it. All floors were wood and big shower though water pressure wasn't great. You also get a lovely bag full of good quality toiletries inc soap, shower gels, lip balm, face spray, lovely little touch.Bed was really comfortable and cosy and all had a very modern feel to it. Downstairs there is also a laundry room to rear so you can wash and dry all your clothes for about $2!I'd stay here again but bear in mind you have to keep your eyes open on the location, but just bear in mind so many other hotels located in this area and the homless are more annoying at times that harmful as long as you treat them with respect.	
Apr 24 2009 	Very nice hotel	Clen and quiet hotel, in the middle of everithing. Big room with a useful mini kitchen, WIFI in the room a telephone with free local calls.	
Mar 29 2009 	Looked forward to relaxing in our comforting inviting room after sightseeing.	As per usual, I consulted this site when deciding on this hotel. It even exceeded my expectations after reading these reviews. Andre, who was working the front desk when we checked in and out, was amazing. Thank you so much for such great service, and for being so accommodating! You are a big part of our positive experience with the Gaylord. Our room, #1005, was impressive. It is trendy decor, with white and chocolate brown contrasting colours. Very much a boutique style and feeling to it. The washroom seemed spotlessly clean.We had a great view of the city from the 10th floor. It was nice being able to open the window and poke your head out.As mentioned in other reviews, you get a small kitchenette with cutlery, a sink, microwave and coffee maker. Also, a great flat screen TV with plenty of channels to choose from. The wireless internet service in the hotel room was better than our own home service. It is the kind of hotel room you look forward coming back to everyday after exhausting sightseeing (and we were there for just over a week). Another bonus is that we had our own phone line, so people could call you directly without being connected at front desk. The coffee in the lobby was another perk. We looked forward to this every morning. Some review here complained of street noise. I could see this being an issue on lower floors. For sensitive sleepers I would suggest bringing wax earplugs and/or white noise makers. The elevators do seem a little 'tired.' I was temporarily trapped in one of them on the 10th floor. The door would not open, and some sort of alarm went off. I had to press the 9th floor to get out of this situation, then walk up one floor. Many reviews mention the Tenderloin neighbourhood. Yes, if you walk down the hill on Jones past Geary, the atmosphere changes quickly. Just be aware of your surroundings, walk briskly, and avoid it at night should you have to walk through this area directly. If you walk to the Orpheum Theatre (where Wicked is currently playing), the quickest route is through the Tenderloin - be careful walking back at night after the show. Ironically, some of the best eating we had in San Francisco was in the Ternderloin area. You can get excellent authentic Indian, Thai, and other ethnic foods in this area at great prices (unlike the over-priced chain restaurants in other areas). I did not include an photos of the hotel itself, but you can get an accurate idea of this from their website. Instead, check out some of my touristy photos of some San Fran fun. TIP: I highly recommend you check out some free walking tours through San Francisco City Guides. Thanks again, Andre, for the excellent service!	
Mar 22 2009 	Great choice!	Located in the city center, cozy hotel which offers beautiful, spacious rooms and service on a good level. Great price. Due to its location is a little noisy at night	
Mar 13 2009 	Wouldn't stay here again	I come to San Francisco frequently and visited the Gaylord before reserving a room for my next trip.The advantage is that it is definitely the most room for your money if you are staying more than a week. Nice old building, close to Union Square, large rooms, fairly modern remodel, hardwood floors, windows that open, and a little kitchenette area. Designed well for extended stays.The big disadvantage, which made me decide to not stay there again, is that is it is located right on the edge of a not-good part of town. Like it's right across the street. As a solo female traveler, I didn't feel safe walking back to this hotel at night. Nearby streets are dirty and lots of panhandlers. At the end of my trip, my husband came to join me and we both like we were about to be attacked 1/2 a block from the hotel. We quickly crossed the street to be safe.The room was also extremely noisy. There are many bars in the neighborhood and at 2am their patrons would sing and shout as they left the bars. Also, it is near a fire station, so fire engines roar by with sirens blaring and all hours.I wish this place were in a different location, as the room was completely comfortable for seven weeks.	
Jan 22 2009 	Fantastic hotel.	I stayed for one week in The Gaylord in December 2008. I had a double room with my boyfriend and we loved it. The location of the hotel is very handy, just 5 minutes from Union square (where you can get all public transport), there are several small grocery shops just beside the hotel too. Check-in was easy and the staff were excellent. Our room was on the 10th floor ( I think) and it had a huge window with a great view across the city. The room was spacious and spotlessly clean. It was very well laid out with large wardrobe space, an armchair, a desk, a HUGE tv, free wireless internet, a telephone &amp; desk etc. There was a kitchenette with a sink, fridge, microwave, toaster and dishes &amp; cutlery etc. The bathroom again was gorgeous, the shower was great. There were plenty of towels - housekeeping is only once a week but you can get towels &amp; toilet paper etc from reception. A nice addition was a wash bag with shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, mouthwash and a few other luxuries you don't see often in hotels in this price range. I loved staying here and would highly recommend it to anyone spending some time in San Fran.	
Jan 11 2009 	Amazing Place To Stay!!	The Gaylord Suites is nothing short of amazing. I spent a month here looking for a job in San Francisco, and it was located in the center of everything. The service received was nothing short of amazing. The staff was attentive and friendly, starbucks, union square and just about everything you will need is within a short walk.If you are looking for a place that is comfortable, home like, clean, and friendly, then look no further. The price was a bit high, but the in the end, it was well worth the price.You will feel safe, secure, and welcomed here.	
Dec 16 2008 	freezing cold washer/dryers broken	right now I am at the Gaylord Suites - my fingers are numb - it's very cold outside and their boiler goes on only when scheduled - no matter the temperature - the front desk tells me I have to wait another hour before it's due to come on again. Laundry facilities are broken most of the time - they'll eagerly send you down the street into one of the most disgusting laundromats you've ever seen.The staff is friendly but they can't make up for the freezing rooms and the inconvenience of the broken laundry.	
Nov 21 2008 	Mixed feelings	I have mixed feelings about the Gaylord Suites.We had great, friendly service from an African-American man, but a consistently icy reception from a dark haired woman - she never looked up or smiled at us, was very reluctant in her dealings with us, and was obviously disinterested in us (but not blatantly rude).The rooms are very nicely decorated, but are noisy at night (streetnoise, sirens), possibly this is just more noticeably because the windows are not double glazed. I wore earplugs every night (front desk were more than happy to move us to a quieter room when we asked, but the new room was unfortunately no quieter, as it was next to the elevator). Light from the hallway shone brightly all night into the room.We had a few maintenance / hygiene issues in both rooms. The flooring was buckled by the bathroom door, and we kept tripping and hurting ourselves until we jammed toilet paper into the gap to remind us not to walk over that piece. The blanket on the chair smelt strongly of body odour and was visibly dirty. There was dried blood on the duvet inner (the cover was clean). There was no plug for the kitchenette sink, but front desk said they would lend us one if we wanted. In our first room the bath plug was broken and had masses of long hair around the base of it, which I very reluctantly had to clean off to try and fix it. Maintenance came to fix it the next day, they were very efficient.Great location, a few blocks from Union Square.We did not have an *awful* experience here, but it was too flawed to recommend to anyone. I would not stay here again.	
Oct 16 2008 	1 month stay at The Gaylord	My fiancé and I stayed at The Gaylord for a month as he is in San Francisco for 3 months on business. We chose this hotel for a few reasons. It's very good value for money, especially if you stay for a month as they don't charge you the 14% tax. So our daily room rate worked out about $63 which is amazing when you consider its location. It's proximity is within walking distance to many of the City's sights, for example 10 minutes to Union Square (where all the major shops like Macys and Bloomingdales are) and then you can easily get to Chinatown from here. We also walked to Japan town which is about 25 minutes west of the hotel. The Embarcadero is about 25 minutes east of the hotel and this leads up to Fisherman's Wharf - a nice walk and less hilly than walking up through North Beach, however you should explore here as that's where Coit Tower, Lombard Street and &quot;Little Italy&quot; are.We were a little apprehensive about the condition of the hotel after reading the negative reviews on Tripadvisor but our first impressions of the hotel were good. When we arrived they were recarpeting the stairs, however the noise and disruption was minimal. I also overheard the deputy manager saying that they would be updating the lifts and other parts of the hotel, so they are making an effort to upgrade. The reception area is quite pleasant with armchairs, hot drinks and newspapers to keep the free wi-fi users comfortable. There has always been someone on reception when we've walked past and the staff have always been happy to help on the occasions that we've needed it:1) Housekeeping not leaving us any toilet roll - reception provided some.2) Our washing getting stuck in the machine - reception called the repair man and refunded my money so I could use another machine and he also gave me the most valuable tip ever! The washers and dryers only take quarters so he told me to put the dollar note he gave me into the soda machine and press Coin Return and it will give you 4 quarters. Reception can't give you any change so keep hold of any quarters you get!3) The phone in our room has an answerphone function but we didn't know how to get the messages - reception said to press the &quot;envelope&quot; button and the password is 1234. Obviously no one else had bothered to ask reception how to use the phone as there were 40 old messages on the machine which were quite amusing to listen to!4) How to use the shower - reception came up to our room to show us as we couldn't see a button or lever for it anywhere, just a tap and showerhead fixed to the wall. What you have to do is turn the water on and then pull down underneath the tap and this turns on the shower. The bathroom had another secret function that we only found in our last week of staying there, there was a cabinet behind the mirror. We couldn't see it because it was recessed into the wall so the mirror was flush against the wall and there was no handle to suggest a cabinet behind it! There was also a light in the kitchen area but we thought it was broken because the light never came on, but that's because the light switch was hidden behind the microwave - something I discovered in our second week!They do give you a little welcome pack when you check-in which has a really detailed colour map and some useful details about the local area, such as supermarkets, banks etc. but hopefully my tips will help with your stay!We were only in a studio room but it was spacious enough for a bed (really comfortable!), an armchair, a desk and chair and a TV on a chest of drawers. In the corner was a set of shelves with plates, mugs and glasses and some cooking utensils which is strange as we only had a fridge and microwave so cooking was very limited! That is one of the reasons why we moved into an apartment for the rest of our 3 month stay. We wanted a proper kitchen so we could cook and it wasn't as if the hotel room wasn't big enough to accommodate a full kitchen. The closet was absolutely enormous ( bigger than the bathroom!) so they could have rearranged the room and had a kitchen in there. But another reason for moving was there was a fair bit of noise outside as our room (507) faced a busy road and almost everyday we would hear the LOUD sirens of the fire engines zooming past. So if the room had a proper kitchen and was less noisy then we might have stayed at the Gaylord for 3 months because it had free internet in the room and the cable TV was decent enough. If we returned to San Francisco for a holiday then I'd definitely stay here again and would recommend it to my friends and family.	
Sep 30 2008 	Gaylords suites are amazing	My friend and I stayed here for the summer. It was brilliant, all the employees are so friendly and all so helpful. The rooms are lovely and cosy but yet very spacious and so clean. So near union sq. Would most definately stay here again when we return. Loved it. Made our holiday in San francisco.	
Sep 27 2008 	Great location nice clean and cozy rooms	We enjoyed our staying here. We were in SF for a conference and stayed in the hotel for 8 days. It felt like home. Internet was available at no extra charge, room was cleaned daily.The only issue I can remember was that 2 times there was no hot water from 8 am till 6pm, but since you're out through the day and take a shower in the evening, it was no problem for us.I would recommend the hotel, as it's in the wakling distance to the Union square.	
Jun 25 2008 	Friendly recently renovated highly recommended	Stayed here for a week during June. The hotel had some okay reviews, but wasn't really expecting much. We arrived to a recently renovated serviced apartment building with large rooms and friendly staff.Well located, however as many have noted, make sure you turn left on the corner and head for union square, as there is an &quot;unsavoury&quot; section of San Francisco a couple of blocks down the hill - however don't let this put you off staying here. The hilton is right next door to the same dodgy area - its just the way inner San Francisco is.Rooms were nicely decorated and fitted, and the rates were amazingly cheap. High speed internet was included for free (yay!) and we were able to park our hire car out the front temporarily which was great.I would definately stay here again. Its in a great location, has nice rooms, comfy beds and is cheap. What more do you want?	
Jun 4 2008 	Good stay at the Gaylord	Really good room for an excellent price in San Francisco - especially excellent as the rates are weekly (or monthly) so they didn't go up even though there was a big conference in town. Hotel building was nice, lots of character and good laundry facilities (either coin or they have a delivery service). Room was large with good sized bed, kitchenette and bathroom. Style was very crisp and modern - cream/black and nice wooden floorboards. Bathroom was a bit old looking in comparison but clean and functional. Walk-in cupboard was massive and handy. Free internet if you have your own computer. Staff were a little young and surly, but so were we so it didn't bother us! Reception was manned 24 hours, felt secure. Maid service was weekly, but this was fine for us. I'm sure you could ask for more towels if you needed them. Only complaint was that after our room was serviced we had no toilet roll! Very strange. Hotel itself was in a good area, but walk down the same street and it's all a bit scary. San Francisco generally seems to be that way - one side of a street can be safe and the other side dangerous, weird. Only 5 minutes walk from Union Square where there is shopping and easy transport to other parts of the city. Overall, an excellent stay. Would stay again.	
May 4 2008	Poor Service	I did not stay at this hotel, but I did have problems. I called to make a reservation, but being that I will have a car with my on my vacation I requested information about parking. The woman who answered my call wouldn't provide me with any assistance, claiming that she was unaware of the parking situation. When I asked to speak with someone more informed she rudely responded by stating that nobody on the premises knows. I refuse to believe that a hotel could run their business without knowledge of important information like this. I will look elsewhere.	
Feb 23 2008 	Great Place to Stay	When I was initially booking a hotel for my stay in San Francisco, I came on this website and was a little apprehensive about the Gaylord because of the reviews talking about construction noise. I decided to book with the hotel anyway because you can't beat the price and I am very glad that I did. I was out there on business and had to stay for 6 weeks. Many of my coworkers booked at other hotels and ended up paying 3 times more than I did. Sure, there is only weekly housekeeping, but how often do you change your sheets at home anyway? There was some construction noise in the beginning of January, however, it was only during the day and by the end of the month, the construction was complete.The staff is very friendly and helpful, the building is clean, and the price is unbeatable.If you really want to fee like you're in a true San Francisco Building, stay at the Gaylord.	
Feb 18 2008 	Perfect comfort	Firstly, the pictures on the Gaylord Suites (www.CITISUITES.com) site caught my attention, and secondly most of the reviews listed here seemed positive enough to go ahead and book for a week. I can honestly say I am very pleased that I did.Arriving straight from SFO international in a taxi was only 30 minutes at 4.15 p.m. so traffic was not heavy, and between myself and my two companions was only $50, with tip, very good. The entrance to the building feels very Nob Hill and the receptionist lovely. Check-in very smooth and then it was straight into functioning old elevators to my suite. I arrived at the third floor to a clean Hispanic-looking lobby and turned the key. Immediately I was impressed with the clean smell and the space for a single occupier or a couple. Exploring the delightful Art Deco tiled bathroom and small kitchenette leading onto a comfortable queen sized bed in a large living space, not to mention the wonderful walk-in closets, I felt quite at home. Super hot shower, large TV, and i-pod radio alarm clock, only added marks overall.Do not be put off by the negative comments because of the Tenderloin area, just turn left at the bottom of the street, Union Sq. 5 Minutes! I had no problems walking straight down Jones to Market St. if only to catch the tram out of town or to the Castro!Overall, an excellent location for walking around the city, shopping, dining and returning to lounge in comfort before doing it all again. Very secure building; no callers after 10p.m. I have been to SF quite a few times and have no hesitation in recommending Gaylord Suites for singles or couples. I am going back in July with friends to stay there again. If they keep up this standard, watch this space.Ian, Edinburgh.	
Nov 19 2007 	Gaylord - great experience for the price	I'd been looking for a business class hotel, but these were all booked up due to a conference. I checked TripAdvisor before booking and was a bit worried by some of the other comments to do with location, lack of hot water etc within Gaylord Suites. In fact, I had a positive experience - and the price really made this a bargain.Things to watch out for: There is building work going on, and - with due notice - the water is sometimes turned off. This won't affect you unless you plan to be in the apartments during the day time (as I was working 9-5 it didn't affect me). Location is on the edge of the tenderloin, but it's really central and once you don't walk down Jones street (away from Nob Hill) but rather along Geary towards Union Square, you're absolutely fine. The centre of most cities is likely to be slightly dodgy anyway - I didn't feel overly unsafe walking to and from Gaylord, even on my own at night. Streets are very lively, there are lots of people around etc (just that some of them are mad!)Cheap, nice, clean comfortable rooms, functioning, free internet access. If all this appeals, go for it!	
Nov 15 2007 	Gaylord October 2007	Overall our stay at the Gaylord Suites was a good one. The room was clean, staff were friendly and the price was good. However there were a few things I wished I had known before booking the hotel. It isn't a hotel really just a rented apartment, the maid service is once a week but if you can make do with the same towels and bed linen that long you shouldn't be too put off by this, the room and bathroom was nice and the bed was very comfy. The gaylord isn't in Nob Hill as advertised, it's further down, right on the edge of the tenderloin which isn't a very nice area. We had no problems but I wouldn't have felt safe on my own at night. The location, however is ideal for access to union square, all the shops and there is a BART station nearby (about a 10 minute walk).The building work is still going on as mentioned in other reviews but as early risers it didn't bother us once. It does, however, get quite noisy sometimes as early as 8am. Notices are put up well in advance if they need to turn the water off and it's usually between around 10 and 5 during the day when you would be out and about.The staff are than willing to help with any questions/problems you could have and sorted us out with a limo to the airport for a very reasonable price. All in all, a positive experience.	
Sep 10 2007 	Go for it	I'm writing this from my lovely 3rd floor corner room (310, ask for it). I'm in the midst of a 3 week stay while working in San Francisco. I stay in hotels 52 weeks a year as I am on tour (I'm a musician). This hotel is undergoing a complete renovation that is almost finished. No big renovation noise. Street noise is a problem for those looking for a quiet stay. As this hotel is on the border of the tenderloin, it's a bit noisy outside, but very quiet inside.Pluses: Laundry in the building. First rate front desk staff. GREAT room (windows that open, new hard wood floors, microwave, fridge, comfortable bed, walk in closet, awesome water pressure).Negatives: This is the exact block where the tenderloin intersects with Nob hill money. Down the hill, VERY BAD. Up the hill ,VERY GOOD. 24/7 front desk staff negates the bad part of the equation as one must be buzzed in to the building (visually). Downhill on Jones is REALLY bad, but can be overcome by walking a few blocks.Overall: Great place. Nice renovation. Beautiful building. I'll stay here again.	
Jul 16 2007 	Had to call the state atorney to get my security deposit back	This was a miserable experience. The windows in my room didn't shut, I was so sleep deprived from the noise (yes I wore earplugs every night) that I ended up in the hospital. The cleaning service threw away the food I had purchased and place in the &quot;kitchen section&quot; (a sink and a mini fridge in the hallway). The water was shut off about 3 times a week during prime showing hours. After leaving I didn't get my secuity deposit back. I called and left over 10 messages with this &quot;manager&quot;...hum...she didn't really know much what was going on except how to ignore all calls, and never be in the office. 2 months later after filing a lawsuit with the State Department I am supposedly &quot;getting my security in the mail&quot;Oh yeah and my car was vandalized (yes I had to make a police report) and someone was shot across the street when I was walking into the apartment. If that isn't enough of a deterant go by the area for 5 minutes. It is very sketchy!!!!	
Nov 16 2006 	Good Place To Stay	I am just finishing-up my stay here at the Gaylord and thought I would make a few comments...My room was nice, and besides the normal noise of the City, I didn't hear any of the so called &quot;construction&quot; noise. Being a traveling nurse, one who sleeps during the day, room noise is very important to me and again, I didn't have any problems.The staff is nice. It is rare that a place has all genuine people working behind the desk. People who will talk to you as you're picking-up your mail, and take a real interest in you. The building is beautiful. Walking into this lobby always brightens me up.Who's the guitar player? Some guy, a bad version of Seal, sits in front of the building and plays guitar. It's horrible, I wish someone would tell him the truth and tell him to keep his day job.Overall, I was looking for a nice place at a good value, and in the Gaylord I definetly found it. I'll comeback for certain. - Laurie of Norfolk, VA	
Oct 15 2006 	...it's worth it...!	Just now, this is one of my last days in the Gaylord (or &quot;Gaylord Suites&quot;) in San Francisco. Sitting in my room and typing this :-)And I certainly love this room! Newly refurnished, kept in black and white and certainly enough space! A wonderful queen-size bed with comforter as well as blanket and 4 absolutely perfect pillows! A pretty new TV, a little kitchenette with fridge, good-quality micro-oven and a &quot;Braun&quot; coffee-maker (with gold-filter!). Nice blinds at each window, a closet to walk in (and wonder how much luggage it takes to fill it!!). A small bathroom, though. One of those that are not renovated, but that doesn't really matter because it's in pretty good shape. -And I certainly do have enough towels here!The new bathrooms that some rooms have already, are partly done with marble. (nice!!!) I had a look at some rooms, before I decided to leave the Vantaggio Cosmo around the corner (a being run-down-place I just had to get out...)I read some negative reviews here about the Gaylord, here... Well, it is true, that you are not told about constructions in the hotel -if you don't ask about it- and also that water is shut off during the day due to these constructions. But there always is an info posted at least a day ahead, so you know about which day and time it will be, as well as if your room is concerned. (In my 4 weeks here, that actually has just happened twice and only 1 time my room was concerned.)I asked about how long the constructions would continue still and was told that they expect them to be over in November -hopefully. Well, there's a good chance, I believe, since they are working on the 12th floor, the top floor, mainly.Work starts about a little after 8am. Sorry to say that I don't know when it is over but it must be at a reasonable time in the afternoon, since I hardly ever noticed anything when I came back from school.My room is on the 6th floor and the noise doesn't bother me, really. Here it's no louder than the street noise, just a different &quot;sound&quot; :-)And since I am here, I hardly ever noticed construction materials anywhere, as some other former guests did, or many workers, although I leave the hotel at about 8.45am every day, so there would be a pretty good chance to, if it was that &quot;bad&quot; (still). And the lobby certainly looks very nice and is no &quot;storrage space&quot; for construction material anymore.My experience with the staff as well as with the manager is 100% positive. Perfectly nice, helpful and professional.So, if you consider staying at this place for a while: ask about the constructions and a room away from it. Or better: if possible, ask to be shown some rooms to choose from. That's what I did. They will gladly show them to you.I would come back. I am perfectly happy here.	
Oct 15 2006	HORRIBLE -- AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!	If you delight in overpriced rooms in a VERY shady area of SF, frequent water shut-offs, loud sirens, and RUDE staff, well, by all means book a room here.Website (and manager on phone) makes building sound like a historic and quaint place to stay. Far from my experience!!!Learned while guest there that owners are being sued by City Attorney for numerous violations.Can you say &quot;Bad Karma?&quot;	
Aug 3 2006 	Love this place!	I am staying at the gaylord at the moment and think it is absolutely fantastic. The room is nicely decorated, and I can't praise the comfort of the bed enough! Fluffy pillows and a huge duvet make for a great night's sleep! It comes fully equipped with microwave, fridge and freezer, cutlery etc. The only reason I give it four instead of five stars is because the room is slightly smaller than I expected and you can hear a bit of traffic from the rooms closest to the street. As for the neighborhood, the hotel is located in the theater district, and while it is adjacent to the tenderloin neighborhood the area is easily avoided. The hotel is in great proximity to union square and all its restaurants and of course, the theaters, which are fantastic (only five minutes from the half price theater ticket booth in union square too). The Gaylord is highly recommended and I intend to stay here again!	
May 20 2006	If I Could Turn Back Time	Arriving in San Francisco expecting to fill my hard earned free time with fun. I couldn't have been more wrong.The first morning in my newly rennovated suite I was rudely awakened at 8 am by the sound of, surprisingly, suites being newly rennovated. An event which proved to be routine through the entire course of my stay.Hoping to rinse away the remainder of my exhaustion, I was hoping to cure with sleep, I stepped into the shower. Only unbenonsed to me , the hot water had been shut off, I must admit by this time I was slightly less than surprised. This occured several days throughout the course of my stay. After a while I actually found myself pleased to have something as simple as warm water to shower in.Attempting to escape my vacation hideaway was a quite a chore itself. The common areas of the building were daily obstruced by construction materials, workers, and quardened off areas with neatly posted paper signs apologizing for the inconvenience : {A gesture which, to me, added insult to injury.As the last week of my stay approached I found myself preoccupied with attempting to recieve any sort of compensation for my disasterously dissapointing stay. An effort which not at all surprising, proved to be fruitless.By the end of my , and I use this term loosely, vacation. I found myself counting down the hours until I could return to the reliability, peace, quiet and compfort of my home.	
May 19 2006 	An absolute disaster	It isn't everyday that the amenities of your hotel feature multiple water shut offs during your stay,always present noise at decibel levels inside the building and on the street that are like spikes through your temples, and assortments of charachters in your lobby and outside your front door that you walk across the room or street to avoid. But it's all here in this disaster of a hotel that more closely resembles the homeless shelters in the next block.The hotel should really have shut down completely during the renovations, but they did not, nor was there any indication upon making our reservations for our stay that there would be any renovations going on, which is probably the least forgivable of all.Once the renovations are over this might become an acceptable alternative to the higher priced boutique hotels around the corner, but until then stay far far away.	
Apr 11 2006	Dreadful -- AVOID	New owners renovating, so expect loud banging from 8AM - 5PM. Water off for 6 hours three times during my month stay. A lot of friction between management and tenants', which made for a very uncomfortable environment. Lobby not available due to painting/renovation. Hallway floors covered in plastic due to painting and renovation. Noticed quite a few building inspector violations posted. Quite a change from when I stayed there in 2004. Also, they now want $1750/month!!! Nice desk clerks, but AVOID this place!!!	
Sep 16 2005 	New management probably going to change prices	I only gave this an average because of the price. They are a little higher then some of the other hotels in that same area. The shower in my unit never worked, and my window faced the courtyard, which gets pretty noisy even during the week. There's a loud bar just across the street swic2 or something like that. LOUD! But other then that, the area is ok, the staff is pretty good. But the new management is kicking out the old occupents, and raising the prices quite a bit. I thought they were kind of high before but I looked online and month to month there is now like 1350.00. I have found better rooms in that area for 1/2 the price.I probably should also mention that I can't hear anything from the other rooms. Built very sturdy. The very small refridgerator and small plug in cooker weren't of much use. But they may be putting in new ones, with the new changes.	
Apr 3 2005 	Not the best but great at what they do!	I chose the Gaylord because I needed a place to stay in San Francisco for months until I became established enough in the US to find an apartment of my own. Other places were double the price, wanted first and last month's rent, or security deposits so The Gaylord's price and convenience were perfect. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly as well. Because of their downtown location evening noise was an issue. Lots of street noise day and night. The room itself was motel-like with a small kitchen sink, a hot plate and a bar fridge. They are located two blocks from the beautiful downtown shopping district (Union Square) and two blocks from the horrible homeless district (the Tenderloin) so make your walking destinations accordingly.	
Nov 14 2004	The Gaylord holds the record	As my second choice for a place to stay in San Francisco, the Gaylord Hotel has outperformed my first choice, and I very highly recommend it, for value, customer service, and decor. A truly first class establishment, the Gaylord has outperformed many three star hotels, especially in the area of comfort. The building is extremely clean and comfortable, the location is perfect for events and business, and the staff are the most friendly and helpful people I have met during this visit to San Francisco. I could not imagine a better choice for lodgings in the area, and highly recommend The Gaylord for both business and pleasure travellers. My overall rating of this hotel is 10 out of 10.	
Nov 12 2009 	C a t a s t o p h i q u e !!!		
Oct 14 2009 	Hôtel magnifique et personnel charmant !		
Aug 24 2009 	Bonito diseño interior y un precio justo		
Jun 15 2009 	Super Lage - Super Preis		
Dec 7 2008	trés bon rapport qualité/prix		
Sep 5 2008 	Gaylord Suites ein absolutes Schnäppchen der Geheimtipp in SFO		
