	Don’t let the reviews full you	I booked this hotel based on the reviews. When I arrived to our room I was so disappointed. I have never written a review but I feel the need to do so. First of all the room, ours had a terrible odor, the carpet was dirty, the shower fixture was wrapped with tape, the comforter was stained and the worst was the sheets and bath robe had yellow stains on them. There were people smoking marijuana in the room next door and made the hallway smell. I don’t know what kind of people wrote positive things about this hotel, but I will never stay here again.	
	Hotel with character forget about the free breakfeast	Most of this hotel is o.k.: the looks, the rooms and the location. Although it is old and a bit worn out. Some upkeep has to be done. The rooms are not very big, but big enough and clean. There is a parking garage beside the hotel. The main weak point though is the breakfeast. It is for free, but absolutely a farce. Something that looks like a muffin and a coffee, in the lobby of the hotel.When you can get a good price and don't mind to take breakfeast somewhere else: a good place close to the Union Squaire quarter at one side and the interesting South of Union quarter.	
	Fabulous Find	My husband and I blindly picked this hotel for our weekend get-away and I have to tell you we were thrilled! The rooms are small but we expected that based on the hotel's description. The rooms and baths were immaculately clean. And this hotel is near every type of public transportation in town - just a couple of blocks walk max! The only down side is the 'continental breakfast' - nothing more than coffee and really small muffins. Other than that we LOVED The Mosser and will use it again on our next trip to the Bay area	
Nov 23 2009 	last minute perfect	My experience at The Mosser Hotel was pretty darn perfect.It was an excellent last minute find for me, with less than 24 hours to spend in the city. Next door to the hotel is Annabell's Bar &amp; Bistro. Fab food, great service with a lively mix of local color and tourists.The Mosser is definitely a no frills fair... everything costs extra... but if you're looking for a reasonably priced, centrally located place from which to explore SF... I'd say this is it. The room was impeccably clean of trendy modern design. Bed was very comfy. Everything worked!... radio/cd player, flat screen TV, lights, phone... heat.I went for the full monty; with my own private bath and it's additional amenities. It did smell a bit from bleach in the bathroom, but hey.....For more of a bargain, one has the option of a room with a shared bath down the hall. I hear the accompanying room in this pairing is quite small, though I did not see one of these for myself.The staff is a very helpful and happy bunch. &quot;Continental Breakfast&quot; is serve-yourself coffee and jellybean-sized muffins... but gathering in the lobby with other guests brought some most amusing conversation.A reserved shuttle bus to the airport showed-up on time... as did my flight out.I have no complaints and would go back any time.	
Nov 18 2009 	Awesome location and great value!	I've been staying at the Mosser for years, ever since I discovered it during its renovation phase. It's ideal for anyone that needs an affordable, no frills and comfortable place to stay in the heart of San Francisco - whether for conferences at the Moscone Centre, downtown shopping, tourist stuff, or night life. It's got a unique style that I enjoy immensely and beats the local big ticket hotels in the area by a mile. The wifi internet worked great (at understandable extra cost), the bed and its linens were great (I slept like a baby), good shower/bath, and the double glazed windows kept any street noise out.	
Nov 18 2009 	Clean. Great rate. Very close to shopping and public transit.	I was pleasantly surprised at the cleaniness and welcoming staff at such reasonably priced hotel. The room is very small but we didn't find that a problem since were not planning to stay in it except to basically shower and sleep. I would definitely return to this hotel in the future.	
Nov 16 2009 	Superb location	As the other reviews have mentioned, the room is small, however the location is great if you like shopping! For the price we paid which as about 80before tax, and we are right opposite the Mariott, I didn't regret booking this hotel at all. The room was clean and cozy and they provided sample toiletries which I thought was cute. I booked the deluxe room (en suite bathroom) for myself and my parents. They had a corner room which a huge bathroom. Service was good when I checked in but the staff working at night were rather grumpy. This hotel has a lot of character, the elevator was pretty old school as well as the lobby. In general, if you want a clean no frills hotel with a superb location, this is it.	
Nov 13 2009 	Small room perfect for one	Yes, the room was small. However, I don't really need much in the way of room size in my hotel room. My colleagues and I all opted for rooms with our own private bathrooms. Again, small but do you really need square footage in the bathroom? The bed was small and hard...but, big enough for me. The staff was *super* friendly and helpful. The location was perfect. I would stay again anytime.	
Nov 12 2009 	Small but clean and great location 	The size of the room is a bit of a joke, there was literally not enough floorspace for our bags. But as we spend all day and night out and about and only want somewhere clean to rest our head it was fine for us.It was walking distance from everywhere in the city and the cable car and trains and buses are 2 mins walk. Easy trip to Fishermans Wharf.Free breakfast was a good money saver too, nothing fancy but it saved us buying it.If you just want somewhere central clean to lay your head and you will spend most of your time out, this is perfect. Would stay again.	
Nov 2 2009 	Check reviews before you book	This hotel looked very nice &quot;online&quot;. When we got into town and checked in, the rooms were VERY small, too small for 2 people. My husband and I could barely fit on the hard bed together. The sink in the corner was so small if you tried to brush your teeth you would hit your head on the glass shelf. It was noisy out side and too light to sleep at night. No coffee or tea in the rooms, they served &quot;breakfast&quot; in the lobby which consisted of a tiny little muffin and a cup of coffee. The staff was friendly.We shortened our stay to one night and there were no questions why. The next day we checked in across the street at the Marriott for the rest of our week in San Francisco.	
Oct 27 2009 	You get what you pay for	I recently booked a 3 night stay at the Mosser and left after the first night. I got a good deal by booking through an internet site but have a feeling this meant a friend and I had the worst room possible - so this review is based on a very small room - others may be better. Our room had a window with a view onto a concrete wall approx 50cm away, and a double bed with only 1metre space around each side - barely enough to lay a suitcase down. The TV was tiny and mounted OVER the bed so my legs kicked it in the night (there was no room for it anywhere else). There was a sink in the corner but no bathroom - only shared bathrooms on the corridors which whilst clean, were tiny and by no means luxurious. The room was hot during the night but no aircon, only a ceiling fan which rattled throughout the night and kept us awake. Breakfast in the morning comprised a tray on the reception desk with help yourslef coffee and a basket of muffins - the only place to eat and drink them was in the foyer. Overall, whilst the service was fine, the room was a total let down and really spoiled the first day of my hol - I've stayed in FAR better youth hostels and would warn against staying here. On the plus side the location is great. I booked this hotel because of the amazing reviews on this site, which makes me think I had an unusually bad experience - but if you're going to book, I'd ask questions about the size of the room and go prepared for an incredibly basic hotel with no amenities at all. My advice, save your pennies and book somewhere else, like the Sheraton (which we moved to and was fab).	
Oct 26 2009 	Great place comfortable and execellent location	The Mosser is in a great location, close to the Moscone Center, shopping, public transportation, etc. My room was small, thought quaint and just right for 1-2 people. If you are planning to spend a lot of time in your room then this hotel is not for you, if you are looking for a comfortable, clean, and safe place to stay each night the Mosser is an excellent choice. Everyone that I encountered was courteous and helpful when needed. I will definitely stay there again in the future.	
Oct 24 2009 	Nice hotel good value	My husband and I just returned from a four night stay at the Mosser. The hotel was in a very good location, close to cable cars, buses and BART. Lots of shopping in the area. The neighborhood was safe. Rooms are very small but we spent very little time in the room so it didn't matter. Staff was friendly and accommodating. We paid under $100 a night so it was a good value.	
Oct 21 2009 	Would not stay here again	I expected a small room but this room was very small. Not large enough for two people.The bed was smaller than a standard double bed. The bathroom sink is the size of a large salad bowl and is stuck in the corner of the bedroom. You could not lean over the sink without banging your head on the glass shelf above the sink. The only other piece of furniture in the room was a plastic chair. No table, no desk and no bathroom counter. No where to put your belongings or packages. No closet just a hanging rack that stuck ouron one side of the bed. Room was noisy and had light shining in through the windowsall night long. I have stayed in small rooms all over Europe but they were never with out the basic needs a traveler requires. Internet hookup $9.95 a day. The room was clean, the staff friendly and the location is good but all things considered I would not stay here again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Awesome find awesome price	We were going to be overnight in San Fran during August, but the hotel where we usually stay had summer rates of about $150 a night--not in our budget range. I happened upon the Mosser on-line, read the reviews, and thought, how bad could it be for one night? Such a low price (with the bathroom down the hall, which bothers me not at all). The room was small and uber-clean, and it seemed to have been freshly painted. Sometimes a hotel has a great lobby and crappy rooms, and sometimes it's the reverse. The Mosser's lobby was fine, nothing special certainly, but the rooms were wonderful. If you're the kind of person who does not spend a lot of time in your room--you just want a clean, quiet, safe place to sleep--this is your place. The bathrooms, by the way, were also extraordinarily clean, and the front desk folks went out of their way to help us find a phone number and get in touch with a friend--they definitley could have ignored our plight easily, but instead they helped. I recommend this place, highly!	
Oct 17 2009 	Great Place to Stay Good value	This is a very good place to stay that is an excellent value for downtown San Francisco. It is a simple clean place, and the rooms are small. I traveled by myself. With any more than 2 people, it would be too crowded. The location is safe and central.	
Oct 17 2009 	Fabulous location small rooms	This is a very affordable option for people who are going to the conference centre and need to be downtown. its a 5 min walk from the convention centre and right in the heart of the shopping district. the rooms are super small but are really cheap compared to other hotels in the area. its about $130/US night. The room had a heavy beach smell to it and not great ventilation but you can open the windows. the lobby is okay.	
Oct 16 2009 	great location-European style	On first arrival, we felt disappointed. But, given the building's age and the fact that hotel rooms were smaller then - it isn't a fair comparison with our &quot;modern US hotel room&quot;. Bed comfortable. Small but adequate bath. Not much storage. Window problem promptly attended to. The location near Union Square and the reasonable cost are the Mosser's strongest points. The area feel's safe and within a few blocks of many restaurants and the trolley down to the waterfront. Cable cars half mile away. Plenty of taxis due to Marriott across the street. Wifi is $9.95/day (unfortunate). Staff very courteous. Would stay there again.	
Oct 15 2009 	Top location Simple rooms Friendly service	Stayed at The Mosser last week, cute little hotel on 4th near Market street. Convenient located and friendly staff, the rooms are simple. Make sure you that you book the private bathroom if you don't want to share with the entire floor. I was a bit surprised... Good price/value here!	
Oct 14 2009 	Home away from home	I spent 10 days at The Mosser and was pleased with every aspect of my stay. The room was clean, the bed comfortable and the entire staff were helpful and cheerful. You also could not find a more convenient, safe location in SF. The daily cost of the room was a tremendous value. I am happy to recommend this gem of a hotel.	
Oct 11 2009 	Charming Victorian Style Hotel better than my stay at the Hilton.	I was a bit relectant to stay at a non chain hotel but I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived - The Mosser provided me exactly what I needed. Much better than my last two stays at the Union Square Hilton.The hotel offers rooms with both European Style (shared bath/shower) and private bath/shower in room. I opted for the private bath this time around, but next time I may opt for the shared to save even more money.The rooms and bath are small but very sufficient for the traveler who doesn't spend alot of time in the room. The room was very clean, bed was comfortable, I didn't experience any noise, and the Hotel is very convenient to MUNI/BART station and Market Street.I would definitely return here for my next trip to San Francisco.	
Oct 11 2009 	INCREDIBLE location neat little rooms	This is a really nice hotel, very modern and minimalist. I got a great deal for a one night stay at Expedia for two, however the room was the size of a walk in closet. Wasn't too awesome sharing a bed with my friend, but if you're with a spouse, it's alright. That's really the only negative I have...the rooms are super clean and the bathrooms (not in room) are well kept. The location is unbeatable.	
Oct 9 2009 	Good Location Tiny Rooms	The rooms were clean and the location is just off Market...The rooms were clean but very small and tiny.	
Oct 8 2009 	A great place to stay in the heart of San Francisco.	A great place to stay in the heart of San Francisco.That's the best way to describe this hotel,I read some of the reviews about this hotel before I booked my trip and a lot of people said the same thing the rooms are very small.I think the rooms are a little bit small but who cares when you're in a city like San Francisco, there's so much to do and see that you're not going to be spending a lot of time in the hotel.I'm very happy with the Mosser, this place is very nice ,. the rooms were very clean and all the staff were very friendly.	
Oct 8 2009 	charming and a bargain!	Stayed at The Mosser in late Sept. - my third visit to this hotel. If you are looking for clean, comfortable surroundings (albeit, very small rooms) with an incredible location (close to Market Street and the cable car turnaround at Powell), look no further. The rates are fantastic for such a location - and if you are concerned about the shared bath -- don't be. I've never had a problem with this in my three visits there.	
Oct 7 2009 	Im glad I took the chance a belived the good reviews	I read the review's before I booked and some where bad and so where good I'm glad I the good reviews were correct. I liked the Decor the staff was excellent and yes the rooms where small but do you go to San Fran to stay in the room or do you go to see the City.The bed was comfortable the TV and CD player was great the bath tub was huge and I needed it with all the walking I did . The location was great for transportation Bart ,Trolley,Bus ect . The shopping all within walking distance . The Hotel was eco friendly from the soap with the middle cut out so no wastage to the other stuff free they gave you , The coffee and muffins were good as well . Value was worth it. For those who complained about how big the rooms were then go to a $200.00 and up Hotel and spend less money on the dinning and shopping unless your rich.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great location lovely room clean and modern and value for $$$	Mosser is a beautiful old building, with a modern twist. Comfy and clean, close to everything (public transport, restaurants, shopping, galleries, cable cars), and good value for money. Highly recommend - especially as a solo female traveller. May be worth paying a bit more to have own bathroom - bit of a wait for shared toilet and bathrooms.	
Oct 6 2009 	Top Value But Not Luxury	The Mosser delivers what it advertises. I reserved a one queen bed room with shared bath. I received a one queen bed room with a shared bath. Both were clean and well maintained. The hotel was a little noisy from the restaurant located on the first floor (my room was on the second floor), however I paid $65 dollars for a room in downtown San Francisco. The coffee and muffins in the lobby were very good, the location is excellent and the area is safe. The rooms were small, but functional. I wouldn't stay here for more than a day or two. Nice property (and price) for people looking for a bed and shower, but not a resort.	
Oct 5 2009 	Don't fall for it - Nice location shame about the space!	Centrally located on Fourth Street, the Mosser boasts executive rooms which are advertised outside the front door. It's only when you've parted with your money and opened the door fo your room you think there may have been a mistake (or a practical joke). The rooms are TINY, I actually thought it was a mistake and that they had assigned me and wife to a single room. The bed is a three-quarter one and originally we had a room with NO wardrobe space at all. Our new room not only had an alcove with a curtain to hang our clothes but it also had a chair crammed into the window. There was a sink in the corner of the room which if you rinsed your face you banged your head onthe shelf above. Talk about &quot;compact &amp; bijou&quot;. Bathroom consisted of a toiletadjjacent to a small bath and shower, hands had to washed back in the bedroom.We travelled with friends and in the end &quot;put up with it&quot;. The rate we paid was £70 per night, I asked about an upgrade to an executive suite and they wanted another $210 bot only had it available for two nights, we were there for 3. Hence we put up with it, we'd paid upfront and they would not refund. The &quot;great British spirit&quot; took over us and our friends convinced us to stay. All services are chargeable, Internet,TV &amp; film channels.On the plus side, if I was travelling alone/backpackin it is probably a good base. For someone who is used to comfort, king or queen sized beds, etc. forget it. I would give it an emphatic &quot;no&quot;. it is centrally located, the bar is great but it's evey time you get back totheat tiny space they call a room! Intestingly, I didn't see any Americans using it, mainly Europeans, I guess we are better at putting up with mediocrity.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great value great location great service.	This hotel is located conveniently located in the Union Square area and is about 26 steps away from the Powell Bart station.Just across the street from a much larger (and much more expensive) Marriot hotel, the Mosser had everything I needed and was a great value. My girlfriend and I stayed in a queen bed/shared bath room. The room was much smaller than usual hotel rooms, but I expected that and it was not a problem at all. The bed was comfy, pillows were fluffy, and they even you supply you with plant-based/earth-friendly bath products. The shared bathrooms were clean and tidy. The lobby also provides coffee, muffins and fruit in the morning along with complimentary copies of the SF Chronicle. Will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 3 2009 	What a deception	I don’t have time to develop a lot but I don't want to forget to write something about that &quot;top value&quot; hotel (one week stay in September with my wife). Let's start with good points: the room was clean and the doorman, a nice guy. Unfortunately, compliments are ending here.Room : clean (if we forget to talk about old pizza boxes in the corridor one morning just front of our door), but very small (washbasin in the bedroom, what a good idea! Hope you feel the irony) and very very very noisy (it the blackest point of our stay). We choose a &quot;deluxe&quot; room (private bathroom) but there were a lot of rooms on our floor with share bathroom (and WC). Consequences: noise all day long &amp; all night long (doors slamming every 10mins, people chatting , phone calls, some drunk people in the middle of the night, etc…). A lot of young people in the hotel, all nights were animated in a wrong way (I think we didn't slept more than 3 hours consecutively during our 6 nights stay). In addition, there's a small window just above the room's door (with a useless blind), so there's always light in the bedroom (the corridor stay always enlighted), even when you're trying to sleep.Breakfast: a breakfast, you said? 2 thermos on the reception desk, 1 basket of muffin, no table, no chair, all is &quot;served&quot; in the lobby, imagine the mess on the morning.Location: we can't blame the hotel for that but note there are a lot of homeless people around the block, along market street. Sometimes aggressive, sometimes drunk, I saw 2 brawls in the neighborhood and a police intervention against the aggressor of a tourist, 10 feet from the main entrance of the hotel (the guy has been caught by the doorman of the kimpston, next to the mosser). All that in 6 days. Very central but maybe too much.Service: we only asked once a service to the receptionist : we asked her to book 2 tickets for a show in town (the call center was down, it was only possible to book via internet), she answered us that we had to bought a 24h wifi access (10$) from our room and do it ourselves. Well... Thanks!Ok, the stay was affordable (something like 120$ the night) but there were so many cons, we can’t say that our stay was cool. In fact, we booked the last night in another hotel near the airport in order to catch an early flight. It cost me less than half the price of the room at the Mosser, but it was a very large bedroom, no noise (even close the airport), a true continental breakfast, free wifi, a lot of smiles, etc.. Nothing to do with the precedant hotel, especially if you consider that the bus can bring you in town in 15 minutes. I have to go back to SF in feb 2010, I know what I’ll do.Despite all of this, don’t hesitate to visit SF &amp; the California, such a beautiful place, maybe one of the most pleasant region I ever visited!	
Oct 1 2009 	Nice little rooms	The rooms are very small and the building is old. However, the owner knew how to add a lot of personality and character to this place. It was very clean.	
Oct 1 2009 	Re-named "The Dosser"	Couldn't stay one night of the four we'd booked. Supposedly recently re-furbished and did have a &quot;new&quot; look -smart decor, lamps etc. But carpets were stained, the bed linen was a grubby looking blanket, sheets on the bed in our friends room were holed. In addition it had no wardrobe or closet space, no drawers or chests, no bedside table, no coffee/teamaking facilities. The bathroom was tiny and the only washbasin was a tiny cloakroom type. No room to lay out toiletries. Reception had a very polite and helpful young man at the desk but there was also a large &quot;heavy&quot; sitting in the lobby. Don't stay if you can find anywhere around Market St under $250.	
Sep 30 2009 	Charming hotel excellent value and great location!	I've stayed at this hotel more than a half dozen times and it can't be beat for price, value, charm, location and friendliness! Located just off Market Street (and the BART station), you're one block from Union Square, the heart of the shopping area, and convenient public transportation. It's a charming, older hotel with character, not a glitzy, new, cold and impersonal one. The staff is always friendly and helpful. There's complimentary morning coffee and muffins and a bowl of fresh apples at the front desk. The hotel also has rooms with shared bath -- a fantastic find in San Francisco! And if you request a room on a lower floor, you can use the stairs instead of the single elevator. If you're looking for an excellent value and a friendly, clean, convenient place to stay, the Mosser is for you!	
Sep 29 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	My assistant booked me at the Mosser to save some money. My wife joined me for this trip and we were pleasantly surprised by the Mosser. We had a great room on the 6th floor with excellent ventilation; very light and airy place. The restaurant next door is excellent -- we ate their 4 times. This is a great location to Moscone Convention Center and the Powell Cable Car. We recommend it. If you want to go real inexpensive they also have some rooms with hallway bathrooms. We had our own bathroom so the flexibility here means we'll keep this on file for the future.	
Sep 27 2009 	Old classy hotel with Youth Hostel like room	I paid $99 while GSA rate was $189. I stayed in a small room with a shared bath room. I expected a Youth hostel type room. The room was small but clean and nicely presented. A bath robe and a basket , ample bath supply include tooth paste, are provided. This is an old hotel built in early 20 century. So much to expect for shared bath room and toilet. Staffs are very professional. Breakfast is very minimum and only coffee and small muffins are served. The bell man was very professional and efficient.	
Sep 26 2009 	Very small rooms with minimal storage and very small beds.	Stayed for three nights at the end of a great trip, very unhappy with the pokey rooms, when you cleaned your teeth you could not even get over the sink it was so small and the mirror was above. You could lie on the minute double bed and still open the door. The room did have a draw sited under the bed divan style and was very small.A curtained off cupboard served as a wardrobe. On the plus side it was not to expensive and the location is very central just off market. The pictures you view on the site of the rooms are I think the suites as the rooms are really tiny. Ideal for backpackers on a bugdet but not for regular holiday makers. Lots off foreign tourists but did not notice any Americans !	
Sep 24 2009 	I'll be back!	Excellent location. Clean. Comfortable. Trendy. Delicious Annabelle's restaurant next door. I stay in San Francisco every couple months and reside in hotels from 3-5 stars. This is one of my favorites. I highly recommend it.	
Sep 22 2009 	Good value in SF but a few kinks	This is a good hotel to stay in if you want to be close to everything in SF but also want to save money. I have plenty good to say about The Mosser, but also some not so good points to make.I liked the feel of the hotel. It's very modern and clean. The room we stayed in was sparse, but still felt like there was everything we needed in there. I appreciated the flat screen to watch TV. Internet access is $10/day, which I believe is a bit cheaper than other hotels. There was great lighting in the rooms, and a cute chair in the corner with a lamp and attached table. We booked the hotel b/c we needed an inexpensive/clean place to crash, not because we wanted to hang in the room all day. With that, here are the things I didn't like.Things I didn't like/enjoy:-the blankets were not comfortable, they were scratchy.-the bathroom had the tiniest sink I have ever used. Brought me back to my dorm days in college. I had to put a towel on the floor to catch water b/c the sink is so tucked into a corner and is so small, I couldn't wash my face without spilling water onto the floor. It's hard to get right up over it, too, because there is a shelf in your way.-The concierge staff was pleasant enough, but they didn't seem eager to give any recommendations for things to do in the city. We had a basic plan, but we wanted dinner recs and opinions on the place we decided on. Then, we wanted to know how best to navigate a trip to a 49er game, and because the concierge had never been to one, they had nothing to offer and did not look for the answers to our questions. I like when the staff goes out of their way to help you find the answers you need, and they didn't do that. -Thin walls. I had read reviews about this place before booking so I had fair warning. It is very annoying. They need to invest in some insulation! The double paned windows do take care of the city noise, though.-Parking is $29/night. Yikes.	
Sep 21 2009 	abit pricey but worth it in s.f	it was more expenssive than i usually pay but its still cheap for s.f...gr8 nice place, locaion is great...the rooms are small but still not as small as people here say...the only prob was that there was only 1 elevator so sometimes it took some time to get up and down (8th floor)...	
Sep 17 2009 	Great clean place-- great location	All positive. Really ideal in price, efficiency and location. Especially good value for your money in SF. Very clean. Highest recommendations!	
Sep 16 2009 	Excellent choice. We will be back and recommend to our friends	Great location. Very close to Union Square. Very easy BART access. Next to the cable car stop! Excellent condition/maintenance of the hotel. Clean lovely room. Very nice ambiance. Good value for the price.	
Sep 16 2009 	Pleasant professional staff and located within easy walking to Moscone Center Union Square and BART!	We work often at Moscone Center and this hotel is just steps away. It is also only a couple of short blocks from Union Square and shopping! The rooms are very small, but the ambience of the hotel more than makes up for it. Though we booked the shared bath, when we arrived, we were upgraded to a room with a private bath! (We had checked out the shared baths beforehand, and they were very clean, plus there are robes in your room for going to and from!) The staff was friendly and accomodating. At check-out, they held our bags at the hotel until we finished work at the end of the day. We will definitely stay here again.Renee	
Sep 15 2009 	Never again	I could not believe how much this hotel can charge for such terrible rooms. The rooms are tiny and dark and noisy! I couldn't believe how thin the walls are. You could hear people walking down the halls at all hours of the night. Tiny shared bathroom. The sounds from the cars and people on the street were almost unbearable you might as well invite the drunks in for a late night chat. I can't believe they advertise &quot;Double-double pane windows to ensure a quiet nights sleep.&quot; What a joke.	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent location for San Francisco stopover	After arriving at SFO airport, the Mosser is easy to find as located very near Powell Bart. It's central location makes it an excellent base for exploring the city as it's near Union Square with all the nearby shopping facilities. Staff are very friendly with complimentary coffee and muffins served every morning in the lobby between 8-10am.	
Sep 15 2009 	This property meets my standards!	I enjoyed my stay at the Mosser Hotel last week. This quaint property was truly charming and clean. The rooms were really cute and tastefully designed. The service of the whole staff was amazingly kind and very helpful. It met my standards.The Mosser is also about location. When I was searching online for a hotel in San Francisco, I found this property highly recommended. I did more researching because I wanted a property that was affordable, safe, near the shopping mall, museum, church, the convention center, Chinatown and Union Square. Guess what, I learned that this property was the answer to all my queries. I am very happy to have discovered the Mosser Hotel, located in the heart of downtown.	
Sep 15 2009 	3 C'S - Clean Comfortable Charming	Charming Hotel right in the heart of San Francisco. Service was 2 thumbs up.Room was clean, bright and comfortable. Highlight of this hotel is where it is located! Accessible to public transportation, if you want to head out to the Wharf, financial district, Haight Street.. otherwise.. walking distance to Union square and Convention Centers. Definitely a place I would always recommend to stay when in SF.	
Sep 14 2009 	Awesome	Desk staff are fantastic. Very helpful (no matter how many questions you ask). Room is clean. Actually bigger than what I expected for the price and location. Fantastic location when visiting San Francisco. I would recommend to anyone.	
Sep 14 2009 	I would never stay here again!	To start off, the staff is very RUDE and not helpful at all. The type of rooms we requested was no where in their copmputer system. They put 3 Adult women in one VERY VERY small room with one oversized twin bed (which they said was a double) and a roll away bed which my colleagues feet hung over the end and she almost fell through the middle. We asked for a larger room with more beds and they DO NOT EVEN have them available! So...forget it if you want to bring your children. No bottle water avail. There were only 2 towels in the room. I called down for a couple more to be brought up and the women at the front desk said that I could only get ONE more towel since there were 3 of us??? Whats that about?? They ended up bringing us 2 floor towels instead!!!! Save your money and LOOK ELSEWHERE for a better hotel!!	
Sep 13 2009 	Great hotel and amazing location in San Francisco	When I am in San Francisco I only stay at the Mosser hotel. The location is very convenient, the rooms are clean / quiet, the décor is elegant and the front desk employees are helpful and nice. Why would I go anywhere else!Eugenie	
Sep 12 2009 	Cute place good location reasonable price	I stayed here for one night in a single room with a shared bath. The room was small but very nice. The hotel is clean, the decor is lovely and there's lots of really nice touches. The bed was very comfortable. The communal toilets and bathroom were very clean and the staff were nice. The location is good too - very close to the Muni/Bart station. I didn't like the concept of having to pay $10 to use the Internet, but I gather that is pretty common in hotels in the States.	
Sep 9 2009 	Cosy and in teh best area for traveling in San Francisco C.A	I thought that the rooms were cute, the cost was extremly resonable. The hotel was in teh heart of San Francisco, 1 block from the Muni(transit). Great custmoer service.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great Hotel at a reasonable rate!	The Mosser Hotel is always a great place to stay for the budget-minded traveler and those who apprecite a clean hotel in an excellent location! We have stayed there at least 10 times in the last 2 years and have enjoyed it every time! Our favorite rooms have shared bathrooms in the common area and we have paid anywhere from $55-$80/night.....you can't beat that in that location; walking distance to Union Square, BART/Muni, and awesome shops and restaurants!!	
Sep 6 2009 	Gorgeous hotel great location bargain!	This place has really lovely rooms, quite small but very well designed and decorated so they don't feel cramped. Ours was a queen double with a sink in the room and shared bathroom and toilet. Our window looked out onto a parking lot and some very noisy extractor fans or something, but once you closed the windows (double paned) the noise was gone, and ceiling fans meant we still stayed cool in the hot summer nights. We got a bargain by shopping around online, finding a great price on lastminute.com but then booking directly with the hotel who matched the price ($81 per night including tax). Something that really came in handy was the coin operated washing machines and dryers in the basement, a lot cheaper than getting clothes dry cleaned and a lot less hassle than hauling your laundry to a laundromat. The location is fantastic, very close to Union square and all the downtown shops. They have valet parking for $29 + tax per day, but I would leave the car behind as the city is so small and easy to get around you really don't need it. Small touches like nice soft bath robes and real flowers in our room really made this place stand out for me and was definitely the best place we stayed on our LA - San Fran trip - as well as being the cheapest!	
Sep 3 2009 	Great location great price nice room	I stayed at this hotel in July 2007 for 4 nights on my first first to San Francisco. A friend did all the research and picked this hotel based on reviews on trip advisor. We got lucky, because this hotel was in an excellent location, right in the middle of the city, and from my perspective, perfect for shopping, with the shops right out the door. Rooms were very small and quite basic but sufficient. Not a hotel for those who like luxury hotel rooms, but for those who like good location and reasonable rooms at a reasonable price this place comes highly recommended. Not really recommend for a romantic trip, as I am sure there must be more romantic hotels around. Better for a trip with friends.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Euro-style budget hotel in the middle of everything	This hotel is a great bargain. The rooms are small but clean, the beds are simple but comfortable, and the price can't be beat. It's a little like a European two star hotel, with only a sink in the room and share baths and shared WCs on each floor (which were always kept spotlessly clean). A continental breakfast is included! Every morning there are freshly made muffins and very good coffee in the lobby. If you want something heartier, there are plenty of restaurants nearby. The Mosser is easy to find, in a safe part of downtown, well lit even at night. Getting to the hotel from SFO airport couldn't be easier. By the way, San Francisco has a 7 day Muni &quot;passport&quot; which is a really good deal. With it you have unlimited rides on the Muni, including the cable cars. A single ride on a cable car is $5, so it's a no brainer. The BART/MUNI, buses and street cars on Market Street are half a block away, Union Square just a few blocks away. The only drawback I can think of is if you are a light sleeper, be aware that there is a lot of bustle and traffic outside. This is only a problem if you sleep with the windows open, which is a necessity when it gets warm because there is no AC. Also, the hotel's in room internet (accessible through the television) is pretty crude and spotty. I ended up going to a Kinko's to check my email and print my boarding pass. San Francisco is a great city, and staying at the Mosser makes it an affordable place to visit.	
Sep 1 2009 	The magnificent Mosser	It was a pleasure staying at this beautiful hotel; it is fabulously located, the staff are warm, welcoming and helpful and the room was perfect for my needs. Whoever re-developed the building did a fabulous job. The coffee &amp; muffin set-up in the morning wasn't fabulous but served a purpose and all else made my stay more than worthwhile; great value - especially for Summer.I hope to visit the place again soon and have already been recommending it to all and sundry.	
Aug 31 2009 	location--value/charm --service----aesthetic amenities ----	----------------from the moment the door is opened for you and your are graciously escorted in----------- your stay is made a pleasure by the friendly staff ---those at the front desk as well as those working behind the scene to maintain this immaculate state of warmth and appeal! this is a great value with all the aesthetics and charm of a small European hotel---but then add the US appreciation of quality toilet appointments and products -----it can be some of these little things that may turn your stay into a thoughtful and considerate experience!	
Aug 30 2009 	Surprisingly great stay at "upscale" hostel	Read the great reviews of this hotel and wanted a hotel with a good location and reasonably priced. The Mosser was 1/2 block from BART, MUNI, and cable cars and near Union Square. Room was very nice, clean and cozy. We had a queen bed with more than enough space for the 2 of us. We had a sink in the room and very clean shared bathroom and shower. Never had a problem accessing the shared amenities even in the morning &quot;rush hour&quot;. Would definitely recommend requesting a room facing opposite the busy street (4th St.). With no air conditioning and with the large ceiling fan we had to crack our window at night for ventilation, which was very pleasant. Would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel to anyone who needs a cozy, safe place to stay.	
Aug 30 2009 	Excellent location!	We stayed here for two nights! It's a excellent hotel with an excellent location!	
Aug 27 2009 	nice little bargain	Mosser Hotel in San Francisco is a nice little bargain. If you are in the city for business or lots of sight-seeing, it is a good place to stay. The location is perfect, within a block of the Powell/Market Bart stop, across from the Marriott, within walking distance of MOMA, Yerba Buena Gardens, St. Patrick's, and a few paces from bistros, delis and some good shopping.... Nice touch...complimentary breakfast daily....fresh-baked muffins and coffee...and a bowl of fresh fruit for your taking on top of the the check-in counter.	
Aug 24 2009 	wonderful clean hotel at a fantastic value	We just got back from San Francisco and a stay at The Mosser. We stayed for 4 nights in a queen deluxe room. The hotel is like an old hotel that has been wonderfully updated. It had a lot of modern touches like new baths, comfortable platform beds, double double pane windows, new carpet and ceiling fans. The staff is friendly and helpful. They served coffee and pastry in the morning. The parking was expensive, but it was valet and you could come in and out as often as you liked. The location was convenient, just a few blocks from union square. i loved this hotel. it you are looking for a bargain that is not a cookie cutter hotel, then try The Mosser.	
Aug 22 2009 	Excellent value excellent location excellent staff!	Worth staying here for great value &amp; well located hotel. Room was smallish but well presented and clean. We had an ensuite bathroom which was clean and in good working order. Location is great - we walked everywhere we wanted to go. Staff are very professional. No free parking (but valet rate is reasonable for a big city). Would absolutely stay here again.	
Aug 20 2009 	small clean rooms excellent location friendly staff	The rooms were small, but the location of the hotel and the general ambience made it an excellent place to stay. I would certainly recommend it as a place to stay in San Francisco.	
Aug 17 2009 	Best location in the city!	Awesome room, great service, close to everything! I will never stay anywhere else in the city. The restaurant/bar (Annabelle's) is lovely and a local hangout too.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great People Great Service Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel while my house was being remodeled/reconstructed and my entire stay there was great. The service there was reliable and friendly. I got to know the staff during my stay and each of them were willing to help me and answer all my questions. The rooms in the hotel are small, but they are clean and cute. Every morning they serve a continental breakfast. After all my days there i never got tired of it. The location of the hotel is great too, mere steps away from the Metreon and Westfield Mall. If you are touring San Francisco or just need a place to stay for a great price, the i would definitely reccommend the Mosser Hotel.	
Aug 11 2009 	Designed for style not comfort!	I have to say this was the worst hotel out of the 13 we stayed in during our 6 week trip to the US, which was not what we anticipated when we booked it.Positives: The rooms are small but not uncomfortably so and this was what we expected as we had read the reviews. They looked nice and there was still enough room to store our bags. We had a shared bathroom and this was very clean and we didn't have a problem getting in to it. The location was brilliant, it is right in the centre of the city and walking distance from most attractions.Negatives:The toilets seemed to get blocked a lot, twice at night I had to go upstairs to use the loo as the ones on our floor were blocked. This always seemed to be rectified by morning though so the management must have known about the problem.There was no A\C just a ceiling fan, our room was boiling!!! It was only the beginning of June and we actually had to wear sweaters when outside and yet our room was unbearable. We tried to combat this by opening the window but this didn't seem to help as there was another wall within touching distance of our room. This also let in all the noise from the restaurant below which went on til about 2 in the morning.The blinds didn't block out any light, after not getting any sleep til 2 in the morning it would have been nice to sleep in but the light prevented this.I would like to say that we are not actually fussy travellers, it just seems as though someone has designed the room without thinking about comfort. I would much rather they had saved the money on all the design features and spent it on A\C and better blinds. These are two simple things that would have changed our stay from uncomfortable to amazing.I think in the winter we may have had a better stay here and if you are someone who lives in a hot climate or heat doesn't bother them you will be fine.	
Aug 9 2009 	Charming Boutique Hotel Good SF location Exceptional Value	The Mosser Hotel in SF is a Charming Boutique Hotel in a prime SF location, and best of all is an Exceptional Value. The rooms were clean and the amenities exceeded expectations. The rooms were remarkably efficient with no space wasted.	
Aug 7 2009 	Laundry Machines and Single Elevator	Laundry Machines are very old and they do not work. You have to do use the dryers over two times to completely dry up your clothes. Both washers and dryers need repairs.There is only one elevator in the Hotel and this elevator is used as a service elevator by the cleaning crew all day and you have to wait for about twenty minutes to use it as a guest at this hotel. These two things big minuses at this hotel.	
Aug 7 2009 	Location Safety and Cleanliness at a Low Price	I'm a regular at the Mosser. The location is in the heart of downtown 4th and Market St. It's flanked by the Marriott and the Palomar, both 4 star establishments.There are rooms with private and shared baths. While both are great value, the real steal is the shared bath rooms. While that may sound gross what you don't understand is that they are very nice marbled bathrooms, there is never a wait, and they are super clean.The shared bath rooms are 10 feet by 10 feet and have an in room sink so you can avoid the bath rooms in an emergency. The in room sink is convenient for washing your hands and brushing your teeth. The rooms are extremely bright and look like an Ikea bedroom. This hotel is the city's hidden gem as the price is usually $55/night not including taxes.The manager and team are all really nice and the hotel is quiet. Just ask for rooms away from the elevator, stairs, bathrooms and 4th Street.	
Aug 7 2009 	Good Value for a Night	I stayed in the Queen shared bathroom rooms so this review is for that only. It was very clean and the room itself was private and had everything I needed, and even a little personality. There was just something off about the noise factor though. They were vacuuming at 10am and I was thinking.. is this really necessary? It became a little irritating because even though I was far away from the elevator and stairs, there seemed to be a LOT of noise all the time. Usually I don't mind, but for the price, they should thicken the walls. Also, it's a pretty uninteresting and touristy block. For the same rate and better quality and cuter area, I would head to the Andrews on the other side of Market just to get away from the noise, if nothing else. Overall, good with a nice front desk because I was only staying one night on my way to an wedding.	
Aug 6 2009 	Cozy but just what we needed	My husband and I stayed here for one night at the beginning of our road trip. We were in a deluxe double bed room. It was cozy, but very well appointed (and you can't beat the price). Our room did have its own bathroom. It is not air conditioned, but we didn't need it and the ceiling fan was more than adequate. If you're looking for room to spread out in or are claustrophobic, you may want to look into one of their larger rooms. If we stayed for longer than one night we would probably go with a bigger room in the hotel, but it was perfect for our needs. The staff was helpful. The hotel itself itself is gorgeous. I'm a sucker for older buildings. The location was perfect for getting around; just a short walk to public transportation.	
Aug 3 2009 	Very unique and inexpensive stay in great location	I've stayed at The Mosser many times over the years, most recently 2 separate one-week stays during July 2009. You can't beat the location and the price. I always get the rooms with their own bath, which while small, are more than adequate. Rooms tastefully furnished and decorated. Extremely friendly and helpful staff.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great Discovery	I was looking for a clean, comfortable and moderately-priced hotel and found it in the Hotel Mosser. It was also superbly located. The room was small but had a perfectly suitable bathroom en suite and, though it had no view (a brick wall, actually), it was quiet and cozy. What I most enjoyed were the bonuses the hotel provided: A nicely appointed and welcoming lobby, friendly clientele and desk personnel (Adela was particularly helpful), and a quite good restaurant adjacent to the building. I was on a biking tour of San Francisco and the lobby helpfully provided a place for us to park our bikes securely in the lobby. A most satisfying stay and one that I would repeat again. Highly recommended.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great Value Friendly Staff	After reviewing numerous hotels for my three day trip to San Francisco in June, I chose the Mosser for the price and location. I read the reviews and was a little apprehensive, as some of them talked about a &quot;sketchy&quot; location, noise, etc. - especially since I was going to be a solo female traveler. I was pleasantly surprised when I checked in to the hotel - the lobby is very charming and the location was perfectly fine?! The rooms are definitely small, so as people have said, there is not a lot of space if you were going to be there for business or you had more than two people with suitcases. But for my purposes of just needed a cheap place to stay while I toured around, it was a great, great find. I did the shared bathroom and I never had a problem with anything. The bed was comfortable, fan worked well, the cleaning staff did their job, and I never really had a problem with the noise. The hotel staff at the front desk was very friendly and helpful in giving directions and helping me to get a cab when I left. They seemed to enjoy their jobs and working with the guests. Re: location. It was similar to any other large city - NYC, Chicago, Boston...yes, there were homeless individuals in the area near restaurants/shopping/tourist places - but I never felt unsafe coming and going by myself, even later at night. It was very convenient to the BART lines, cable cars, the train to and from the airport (maybe 7 min walk to the hotel). I would definitely recommend the hotel to friends or people I know that are planning to go to SF.	
Jul 29 2009 	Terrific budget hotel that didn't feel like one	Stayed here for two weekend nights recently. Had a single with shared bath.Room was recently renovated and very tastefully decorated. Had a room in the back, so very quiet. The bathroom was steps away and spotless (as was the shower room). Very helpful front desk and the price was beyond belief! $65/night! And the location was incredible. Directly across from the Four Seasons.Only issue was the room was pretty hot and there was no A/C. But the overhead fan with the window open made it plenty comfortable.HIGHLY recommend! If only NYC had a hotel this inexpensive!	
Jul 26 2009 	Satisfied	I was able to get a very good rate for the Mosser on Priceline. The location is fantastic being a block from Union Square, the Metron, and Market St. The room was small but adequate. Flat screen TV was a bonus. 4th St. is very active but the double pane windows kept things reasonably quiet.	
Jul 22 2009 	The Mosser Hotel is the Hidden Gem of SanFrancisco	We stayed at the Mosser Hotel for a week long vacation. We chose this Hotel for its convenient Downtown location. Its location is walking distance from excellent shopping ,which was much appreciated by both my wife and daughter. The Mosser Hotel is within walking distance to Giants stadium, which was a plus for me. Bus and Bart transportation and the Cable car starting point are all within a block from the Hotel.  Our room was very nice and everything was very clean. The bed was very comfortable. There was a large flat screen TV and internet access. The staff was courteous and accommodating	
Jul 21 2009 	New Funky Boutique Fave	This is my third stay at The Mosser. I have stayed at a number of Boutique Hotels in The City over the years. I discovered The Mosser a couple of months ago when I was in town for a job interview a couple of blocks away. The location is outstanding for the convention center, SFMOMA, Yerba Buena Gardens, Union Square, and BART. The selection of ammenities is interesting and different everytime I stay. This time it includes a razor, toothpaste, and a couple of green products-- a bar of waste reducing soap with a hole in it and moisurizer in a biodegradable &quot;plastarch&quot; bottle. The rooms are tiny, very clean, and harken back to a bygone era updated with flat screen TV and platform bed. This time my room has a bay window that looks out on the Metreon. I will definitely be back for another Mosser Adventure!	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Price and Location	This hotel was really great, nice and clean, great location and friendly helpful staff. Close to the bart bus and very centrally located.The bart was only $8.10 from the airport and very easy to use, one block away from the hotel. Plan on staying again next time I come to SF	
Jul 17 2009 	Great price modern design clean heart of the city...	I stayed in one of the rooms that had the shared bathroom and shower in the hall. I thought this was great. The room was clean with very modern design, nice lighting and a ceiling fan. There's also a vanity sink in the room. The room was very clean - everything seemed very new. The samples in the room were pretty cool products - a really nice razor and some cool sample sizes. The hotel is located walking distance from most thing - very centrally located. I really liked it and the price was great. I stayed 3 nights... and would definately recommend them. The staff was nice and helpful in getting me onto the right bus to see Golden Gate park and other sights. Overall a great place to stay...	
Jul 17 2009 	An ok stay in the heart of SF	So me and my boyfriend went back to San Francisco as we love it there. We wanted somewhere central, and easily acessable, and the Mosser was definitely that. The location is perfect, right off Market, so you have all the shops and food places you need around you, as well as the Bart and Muni stations right across the street. We had a very early flight to SF, and online the hotel said check-in after 3pm, but we went and spoke to them when we arrived and they got a room ready for us for 12pm, which was fantastic as we needed a nap! Also the guy on front desk (young guy with glasses) was super friendly and VERY knowledgable about the area, he was a great help when we needed directions.There was a couple of problems in the room; when we got there, the toilet blocked after 1 flush, we called front desk and they sent a plumber up promptly. Sadly it wasn't really &quot;fixed&quot; as it kept blocking again and again, so we had to use the hallway, shared bathroom, even though we payed extra for our own. There was no free internet, and it was something like $20 a day, which is crazy when you just want to check your emails. Also a minor niggle; I really would have liked a few more toiletries! But that's just my opinion from previous hotels giving away much more!Also the rooms don't have air con, just a ceiling fan, which meant we had to sleep with the windows open which was very noisy.All in all the hotel was fine. It was very very clean, spotless in fact, and all the staff were very friendly (we loved Joe, the bag handler!) the location was amazing, and the room was comfy enough, so I would recommend to a friend for sure.	
Jul 16 2009 	One of the most beautiful hotels I've been to in this country! A+!	Staying at the Mosser was truly a sweet experience. I really felt like I was on vacation. I got kind of a &quot;home away from home&quot; feeling that I often don't get in hotels. The lobby was elegant, from the marble floor to the gorgeous floral centerpiece at the front desk. The young staff was so nice and went above and beyond to help me get around in the city; I could tell they care about helping and accomodating me, even when I didn't ask for anything in particular. The room was cute and comfortable. A lot of the hotels where I've stayed look so sterile and without personality, but the Mosser has charming rooms with warm, lovely colors. It was central to all my downtown San Francisco needs, close to a lot of great restaurants, bars, and trains/buses. I didn't visit the hotel restaurant/bar, but I've heard good things about it and from what I saw on my way to the lobby, it would have been equally enjoyable. It was a bit expensive, but these days it's hard to find a quality room without paying a pretty penny! I will definitely come again next time I'm in the City!	
Jul 15 2009 	Great to have somewhere safe clean and friendly when you're travelling alone	I stayed here after looking it up on this site and believe I made a good decision. The people are friendly and helpful and the hotel is so central that it makes a wonderful place to come and go from during the day.My room was clean and compact with a bathroom with bath as well as shower . The coffee and muffin for breakfast were a lovely touch. The only suggestion I would make as an improvement would be a kettle in the room for making your own tea or coffee - but this is minor and the place was certainly good value for money when I looked at what else was available in this category. On arrival I was given the option of an upgrade for a few extra dollars and I took it so I could have my own bathroom. I would certainly recommend the Mosser.	
Jul 15 2009 	What's not to like about the Mosser?	The Mosser is conveniently located close to the Union Square subway and Moscone Center. It's an older building that's been nicely renovated, with a few special touches, such as the stained glass in the lobby. If you're looking for a comfortable, affordable and congenially operated place to put your head down, give the Mosser a try. For less than we would have paid to share rooms at our conference hotel, my colleagues and I each had our own (very tiny) room, with shared bathrooms. A few more bucks buys a private bathroom and/or a double. Rooms are compact and functional, but not spartan. Everything is extremely clean, including the shared bathrooms. Speaking of which, bathroom access was fine. There is no air conditioning, so I slept with the window open, which was comfortable and safe - there was nothing outside my window except 8 stories of air. My room's location in the rear of the building lacked a view but it was extremely quiet ... except at 4AM, when the trash is picked up. Had I not been wide awake, anyway, due to jet lag I would have requested a different room and I have no doubt the pleasant front desk staf would have done their bst to accomodate me,The continental breakfast is fine but limited - excellent coffee and tea, along with one choice of muffin. It's served in the nicely restored, old time lobby where there are no tables, but a number of couches and window seats.Annabel's Bistro is part of the hotel, and both lunch and dinner were very good and reasonably priced. The popular happy hour features a wide selection of $5 mixed drinks and $5 appetizers.	
Jul 15 2009 	Marvelous Mosser	We spent 3 nights at the mosser and had a wonderful stay at this quaint but charming hotel. The lobby of the hotel is very elegant and cool and the hotel even has an adjoining recording studio.The shared bath queen was small but very clean and comfortable for a good price. The shared bathroom and showers were spotlessly clean and always available. The hotel also has a restaurant/bar next door with good quality but expensive food. On the plus side you are provided free beautiful muffins,tea and fresh coffee in the morning. The only downfalls are the size of the rooms, you have to pay for expensive parking nearby and the location is not completely central. The mosser is a great little gem of a hotel for anyone on a budget.	
Jul 13 2009 	Very convenient to the convention centers restaurants stores etc.	I liked the furniture , bed and small bathroom as I was only in there in the evening. I was able to have a light breakfast and enjoyed the view of the city streets below. The staff were friendly and accommodating.	
Jul 13 2009 	Beautiful hotel Great proces and service!	My boyfriend and I came down for a getaway for a night and didn't expect such a nice place for the price. We were pleasantly surprised at the location, (close to all the shopping) and the hotel was quaint, beautifully decorated and the staff couldn't have been nicer. They upgraded our room for a very reasonable price since they had many rooms open and were very helpful. Complimentary breakfast in the morning as well. We will definitely be back and I reccommend this hotel to anyone!!Thank you!	
Jul 12 2009 	Small room but great location	We stayed here for 7 nights in July and thought the hotel was very clean and tidy and in an excellent location. The price was what attracted us to the hotel; we received a large discount for staying 7 nights, which was almost enough time to get to know San Francisco a little.Apart from the price, we also liked the location of the hotel. It's right next to major bus routes and the BART and only a short distance (by car or metro) to the airport. We ate at most of the nearby restaurants and staff members were very helpful in telling us which bus routes to take to major tourist attractions.The thing we liked least was the size of the room. We stayed in a small room with shared bath and there was not quite enough space for us both to get dressed in the morning at the same time. The room was also very hot (ceiling fan only, no a/c) which meant we had to have the window open at night, letting in loads of street noise. We knew the room would be small from other reviews so were expecting cramped quarters. We went to San Francisco for the sights, not to hang out in our hotel room, so feel we made the right decision to sacrifice space for price.(Note: the hotel offers vouchers for $25 off your next stay at the Mosser if you write a positive review. We did not take a voucher.)	
Jul 11 2009 	Good as always......................	Great no frills accomodation. Clean rooms Adaquate space nice room amenities. This is my second stay reccommend the room with private bath my personal preferance. Location is great for shopping restaureants or anything u wanna do......... for the price can't be beat.......	
Jul 10 2009 	Nice small hotel in downtown SF	I was having some work done on my apartment and needed a place to stay for the night. I have stayed here over the years just for this reason.This place is reasonably quiet -- nothing too fancy -- but I was pleasantly surprised by the room amenities. Iron, hair dryer etc. I would like a WIFI service -- perhaps they have it and I did not find it.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great place value and location	I just completed my second stay at the Mosser Hotel. It is clean, comfortable, is in a great location, and is a tremendous value, especially for San Francisco. I live in Northern California and the Mosser has become my place to stay when I want to be in The City late and avoid the long drive home. The rooms are always immaculate, and the staff is extremelyt helpful. I highly recommend it to everyone!	
Jul 8 2009 	Excellent location - Value and Clean.	Great location near Moscone Center and Union Square - easy to get around by foot. Rooms are clean and staff is wonderful. This was my fourth stay and I am ready to book another!	
Jul 3 2009 	Amazing hotel with clean rooms charm style location etc... perfect for groups!	I was in SF for a combination of work and pleasure and stayed in room 319 at the Mosser... and LOVED IT! I have stayed at many 4-5 star properties, and thought this property was one of the best hotel experiences I've had in a long, long time.The hotel is really two hotels - with some of the rooms being more affordable with shared baths, and the rest of the rooms truly in line with 4.5-star properties. My room had two bathrooms as well as a living room with sofabed, chair, large fridge and flat screen TV, and to the right of that was a bedroom with sliding glass pocket doors, an amazingly comfortable bed, two bay windows (totally SF!), one was a window seat and the other was a desk.I think that this is a perfect hotel for group business travel - I remember looking across the street at what I think was the Marriott and just looking in the windows thinking how dreadfully boring their rooms were in comparison to the awesome and unique room I was in. Staying at the Mosser was like staying in a nice apartment with local flair, not like staying in a boring beige-box cubicle like most of the chain hotels out there.I posted a video of my room on youtube - just go to youtube and search for &quot;mosser room 319&quot; and you'll see a video of the room that I uploaded from my iphone.... pretty neat since this was the first video I've done this with!Oh, and by the way, I ate at a nearby restaurant called Oola that had the most amazing ribs I've ever tasted in my life.... try them out.	
Jun 30 2009 	Not the best value in the area	Small room, single with sink $119 ($135 w/tax) booked online. Shared toilets &amp; bath/shower. No air conditioning, but overhead 3-speed fan cools it off. There's nothing remotely &quot;Victorian&quot; about the furnishings - it's all very modern (or is it &quot;post modern&quot;?) functional with uninspiring little framed print scribbles on the walls, drably colored bedspreads and basic white linens as well as walls. It's OK if you need to stay downtown &amp; can't find anything better for the price, but I've since found much better hotel values nearby.	
Jun 25 2009 	Unsurpassed service!!!	As we were staying at the Mosser, we were already composing TA reviews in our heads as we knew we just had to tell everyone how great it was. The main reason? The people! Our stay was meant to be 4 nights, but due to a problem with our car hire, we ended up staying 8 nights and had to re-plan the rest of our trip on the spot. During this (often stressful) time, all the staff (and I mean ALL the staff) were so incredibly friendly and helpful. They let us use their reception phones for free on numerous occasions, printed out maps, gave us change, booked us further nights at a discounted rate (and our room was already ridiculously cheap) and even checked in our flights online and gave us our boarding passes. The last action was done without being asked, they just suggested it and did everything for us. Before arriving, we were concerned about the quality of the hotel due to how cheap the room was. We didn't need to worry. The hotel is in a fantastic location with access to BART (including the airport) just a two minute walk away as well as cable cars, street cars and buses all within easy walking distance. Chinatown is quite walkable and there are many other eating options.The rooms (we stayed in three in the end) were all very clean and well presented and the shared bathrooms were the same. We stayed during a sunny April spell and the temperature of the rooms was fine with an open window - they may be warm in the summer as there is no air conditioning.Each morning, the hotel provided free muffins and coffee at reception. They don't seem to advertise this, but it is an example of the great little extras that are part of a stay at the Mosser. We would definitely stay there again!	
Jun 15 2009 	CUTE HOTEL WITH A GREAT LOCATION!	I just recently stayed at The Mosser for business and was pleasantly surprised to find the rooms were clean, cute and comfortable. As a women who travels a lot for business, I often worry about how safe an area really is - The Mosser had a great location where I always felt safe and had no problem navigating the streets on my own. I would definitley recommend this cute gem in the heart of the city.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great location bijou and chic	The Mosser gives a great first impression - the location is unbeatable, smack bang in the middle of all the action. And the foyer very grand. The room was bijou (a nice way of saying poky) but comfortable. Getting the shower temperature right was like trying to crack a safe, but I really cannot think of any more complaints. It was a great bargain.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great location clean and well-priced. Nice option for environmentally conscious travellers	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at The Mosser. For those longing for a bit of charm on their holiday without pretention, this is a nice option. Rooms are modestly sized, well priced for the location and adequately furnished. I also like the hotel's environmentally conscious philosophy (Mosser Environment Corporation) and its wonderful history as a popular recording arts venue.	
Jun 14 2009 	A sensible hotel; comfortable with friendly staff.	I chose The Mosser because it was directly across the street from my conference hotel, and unlike the conference hotel, the Downtown SF Marriott, The Mosser met my government per diem rate, actually, beat it by 10 dollars. When I first walked into my room, I thought it might be small for a guy 6'4&quot;, 250. But in this case, size never became an issue. No A/C, just a ceiling fan, but I enjoyed being able to crack the window and listen to the sounds of the city (except the garbage truck one night). I was even entertained by the one drunk lady who was cussing everybody out somewhere outside at 2:00 a.m. Most of the staff people were very friendly and helpful. I enjoyed conversations with the overnight security guard on mornings when i was enjoying the great coffee and muffins. I did suggest they might consider changing up the breakfast bread on a daily basis, because although the orange muffins were good, I was ready for something else on the second day of my stay. If you're looking for the Ritz Carlton, this one isn't for you. But if you're looking for a nice, comfortable place to stay at a good price/value, you should try The Mosser. I'm not sure if they have a room that would fit my family of four, but for one or two, it's great! I'd definitely go back!	
Jun 11 2009 	Was this a Saturday Night Live Skit???	I have traveled at least once a month for 8 years for my previous company. I know travel, and this was by far the worst experience I have ever had at a hotel. Although my work has booked me at worse motels. Since I was bringing my wife on this business trip I called the hotel that my work had booked for me in downtown SF to make sure it was a special room maybe on a corner, I was assured it was. When we walked into the lobby it was small but seemingly clean. When we entered our room it was a bit bigger than my office, ok no problem, but the room was filthy, the bed spread had burn holes and snags, the bed sat on a pedestal that was marked up and dusty dirty, the carpet was dingy and mashed down dirty. It was a horrible shock, we went downstairs to check out after finding another hotel close by that charged the same. I told the clerk we were checking out and his comment was you will have to pay for the first night; it was in the cancellation policy. Well I didn’t book the room my company did, so I looked down into my backpack for my reservations to see if that was true. When I looked back to the clerk I said I can't find my papers let me talk to your manager, he said &quot;I just spoke with him and he said you have to pay for the first night.&quot; Wait a minute, I was standing right in front of him looking in my bag and he didn’t talk to anyone, I am thinking is this a joke? Wasn’t this a skit I had seen on Saturday Night Live with Chevy Chase? He gave me a key to another room we checked it out; it was cleaner but tiny still. We stayed the night but checked out in the morning. The hotel has a community bath for some of the rooms, for some this is ok, but this means constant traffic up and down the halls, ALL NIGHT LONG!! At 3 in the morning people were having full on conversations. Other co-workers were staying on another floor and complained of the same thing, traffic and talking in the halls all through the night. The windows were single pane and street traffic was easily heard. As we were headed up to our room we met a couple on the elevator who had just checked in, they were holding their box of chocolate peanut butter M&amp;Ms that they received from the same front desk clerk that we checked in with. We didn’t say anything to them about our experience with the hotel, no need to be negative, they were beamingly happy with their box of chocolates, perhaps if we had received a $2 box of chocolates our $207 a night hotel stay would have been more pleasant. Oh yea, my wife nicknamed it the &quot;Hosser.&quot;	
Jun 10 2009 	Cute and clean	The hotel is very easy to find if your coming via the Bay Bridge, the neighbourhood is very good - well, it's 100 meters from Market St., BART (Powell St. station) is just around the corner, a major shopping center is 200 m away, so the location is great. Rooms are small (compared to other hotels we've been in), but well equipped, and, what's most important, VERY clean. Wireless is not free, but an Apple store is just around the corner (free internet!), and it's open until evening. Parking is a bit expensive (30$, &gt;40$ for big SUV), but it's vallet parking, and you can save some $ by going to a public garage 500 m away. All in all, it was a very positive experience, and we'll be back!	
Jun 7 2009 	great position but noisy	stayed here end of May 2009 for two nights.Chose the Mosser for location, value and tripadvisor review.The staff at reception are very helpful and polite and let us leave the car outside whilst we unloaded for ages! The rooms are very small but as long as you are tidy, it doesn't matter. Bathroom is perfectly adequate, and there is a sink in the room. there is also a great flat screen TV and a really lovely wall mounted CD/radio system.Breakfast is minimal- chocolate chip muffins and tea/coffeeLocation really is quite wonderful. The shops are all around the hotel and the tram lines are just outside.The reason that I cannot rate this hotel higher is the noise. Our room was en suite but one wall backed on to the communal bathrooms and toilets. Everytime someone went to the loo in the night, I heard the door slam, the fan go on and the wonderful sound of men peeing. I have to say that I do sleep lightly and my boyfriend didn't stir at all. I think it would have been a lot more pleasurable if we had requested a different room. We also saw that some of the rooms were right next to the lift which would probably have been equally as noisy.	
Jun 6 2009 	Clean boutique hotel with unbeatable location - great value	I only stayed in San Francisco for two nights so I wanted to make the most of the city by staying somewhere central and cheap but also safe. when I arrived at the hotel I was surprise to see that it actually had a very nicely decorated entrance and lobby and it looked like a normal hotel I would have paid twice as much for! The room was small, but I paid only about $10 extra to have a private bathroom in the room (not shared). The room looked as if it had been recently refurbished and was very modern but cosy. Breakfast was only coffee and some mini muffins but it didn't matter because I had gotten such a good deal for the room that I could afford to go to Denny's, Mel's or Starbucks which are all right around the corner from the hotel. I recommend this hotel 100% and would stay there again.	
May 31 2009 	best value hotel in all of Union Square area	inexpensive, clean, quiet hotel that felt safe even for solo female. Small room with shared bath is a great deal. Right on the BART route. Would recommend for anyone wanting to pay the least amount to stay in San Francisco.	
May 30 2009 	Small but definitely Sweet	Let me be brief:Excellent locationClean roomExcellent price for a major city.Small room but all you need to sleep and enjoy the city. An excellent repose for any traveler interested in doing business in the heart of the city and having a comfortable, economical place to rest your head.	
May 29 2009 	Great deal. Tiny.	The hotel was beautiful, elegant, and in a great location. We were surprised when we entered the room to see there was not bathroom in it. Realize the price is cheap for a reason (we paid $60 for one night in downtown SF). The restrooms and shower were in separate rooms, as they were shared by everyone on the floor. We weren't expecting that at all, but after going back to the website it does state (you have to look for it) that the economical rooms have a shared hall-bath. In any case, the staff went the extra mile (comp coffee and muffins in the morning, a flower on the bed). And, simply, $60/night is a steal for that location. If you're willing to sacrifice a little comfort, the hotel is worth it.	
May 27 2009 	Quiet Courteous Elegance in SF City Center!	I recently spent two weekend nights at the Mosser Hotel on 4th St in SF. I was not sure what to expect since I made my reservation online from NYC, and the hotel's room cost was in the &quot;value&quot; range. Wow, this was a great hotel experience! The lobby and our room were both clean and elegant in an old world style. We got a good-sized corner room with two bay windows overlooking the city streets. Despite this central location, the room itself was quiet (double paned windows really did keep out the noise). A modest but tasty breakfast of coffee, tea and muffins was available at reception in the morning. Every person who assisted us at the hotel was sincere and helpful. This hotel offers not only great value but also a memorable home base from which to explore the beautiful city. I will stay at the Mosser again and recommend to friends. --JC	
May 27 2009 	Central chic boutique hotel	Like the many other positive reviews on here, our stay at the Mosser was nothing short of great. Check-in gave us complimentary chocs (always a delight), check out was smooth and the staff gave us the most invaluable of heads-up: that the BART was running a Sunday schedule &amp; we wouldn't be able to get to the Airport on time! They promptly arranged a shuttle for us at a great price.24-hour security / reception &amp; facilities were always clean. Yes, rooms are small but I don't think many visiters would be staying in their rooms whatever the purpose of their trip! There's a cute lil bistro next door, very old-school &amp; very cool. Oh, and great value rates too - check online.Go.	
May 26 2009 	Love the feel of it!	This Art Deco hotel was a great find. Convenient location. Very good staff and good service! Great price for San Francisco. I stayed a week and really enjoyed it. I will stay there again.	
May 23 2009 	Great location great value very small rooms	The location of The Mosser is phenomenal, it is right at the hear of the city, walking distance to most attractions. The value is unmatched for this location. The hotel is clean and comfortable. So this is a great pick for anyone who is there to tour the city. But if you want to spend time in your room, this is not the hotel for you as the rooms are unbelievably small (see photos). Also, print your reservation when going there, they had our rate and dates incorrect on file and our printed reservation saved us from the pain.	
May 21 2009 	This is an awesome hotel!	Location is great. Ambiance is great. Staff is efficient and friendly. Valet parking is so convenient.	
May 20 2009 	Great location to see the city	The Mosser is a basic hotel with few amenities, but a killer location in the heart of the shopping district. The staff is friendly, though not overly so. The rooms are quite small, but the low-budget chic. They have a very nice welcome kit that includes everything you may need (wax strips!!, pepto-bismol and sunscreen).The hotel is a short walk from Union Square and just behind the Nordstorm store. Fisherman's Wharf and the Bridge are also just a short taxi ride away.Definitely recommended for a short, tourism/shopping trip	
May 18 2009 	Best Location!!!	The location of this hotel is perfect!!! Bart station around the corner, muni and cable cars a few walking steps away. Everything is conveniently near by including Union Square. Local shops are all within walking distance of no more than 2 minutes. The staff here are really friendly. The hotel also served complimentary coffee and muffins for breakfast at the lobby from a certain time. Check in for us was supposed to be at 3pm, we arrived at noon and was able to check in early. My check out was noon and my departure was not til 6pm, I was quite surprised when the staff offered to hold my baggage til then. The only downfall overall was the room was surprisingly small. I got a couple's room with a queen size bed but no bathroom included. The room had a sink in the corner next to the bed. Separate shared bathroom and shower are located down the hall but since our room was next to it, it wasn't so bad and plus they were always clean and tidy. They say you get what you pay for but hey, you can't beat it's location in the midst of everything!!	
May 13 2009 	Brilliant location great hotel	Stayed here total of 3 nights in Sept/Oct whilst my husband and I drove around California. Great location - close to MOMA, good shops, the tram, not far from Fisherman's Wharf/Alcatraz (on the tram!). Rooms are small but nicely done. Shower was AMAZING (compared to the UK) and bed was quite comfy. Everything was very clean. The corridors did remind me of The Shining however...I requested a room high up to escape road noise. It was still a little noisy in the morning, but come on, this is a city so is to be expected!! Muffins and great coffee were provided down in the foyer for breakfast. Nice little touch.We didn't have a laptop/blackberry, so had to go out to get internet access. If you turn right out of the front door, walk up and take a right at the next block, there is a little coffee shop (Organic Coffee I think?) where you can go on the computer. We would definitely stay here if we returned to San Fran. It was cheap, clean, bang on location and good service.	
May 12 2009 	Great value fantastic location!	I visit San Francisco monthly and always stay at The Mosser. It's a very charming European style boutique hotel. Can't beat the price for such a great location. For an even better deal, if you don't mind sharing a bathroom, it's cheaper than the cab ride from the airport!Anabelle's is right next door and has a wonderful menu and their bar is open late.	
May 12 2009 	Great budget hotel in downtown San Francisco	My wife and I recently stayed at The Mosser for 3 days on business. The downtown location cannot be beat for its proximity to San Francisco's mass transit system (within one block to the Bart and Muni, and one block to the famous Powell Street Cable car). We stayed in a shared-bath queen which was small but very clean. The bath/shower and separate bathrooms were clean and well maintained. Our room had a closet,sink, bath robes, towels, soaps, ironing board and iron, a cute little TV with cable/pay movies, and CD radio. The room was a little warn the first night, but after running the overhead fan and opening the windows (no AC), the room temperature became tolerant. It was a little noisy outside but noise from other rooms was virtually non-existent (a nice surprise for me). Breakfast was minimal (coffee, tea, and excellent fresh muffins), but was included in the room rate. Speaking of room rates, you would have to be a travel agent to get a better deal in downtown SF than our rate booked through their website ($55/night + tax). At check-in we were offered an en-suite queen upgrade for and additional $20 but declined. I'm glad I did and the money we saved was well spent elsewhere in the city. The hotel also stored our luggage after we checked out, and the front desk agent even made a reservation for us at the restaurant next door. We would definitely return to this hotel if we travel back to San Francisco.	
May 11 2009 	Nice hotel room had character no problems.	Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights, got a double bed even though I was on my own. The room didn't seem like an identikit hotel room and had character. Great location if you want to be downtown, no free wifi but the Apple store is just up the road!I had an en-suite room and the only tiny tiny issue was the bizarrely small sink which made teeth brushing and shaving difficult, I'm not going to mark it down for that but that's the only thing I can think to complain about.	
May 10 2009 	Small room but great hotel	This place has a good location (very close to the BART station if you're coming from the airport) and the cable cars and MUNI buses, close to everything downtown, but if you wander a short distance in one direction you'll find yourself in the Tenderloin which isn't a problem by day, but I wouldn't go there at night. But that's only in one direction, every other direction, and the hotel itself, is fine. The rooms are small, some very small, but you're ony there to sleep right? The bed's comfortable, though only a double due to the size of the room. Most rooms have shared bathroom/toilet, but ours had it's own, which was clean and prefectly functional. The rooms have double windows so the street noise isn't a problem, however the rooms aren't airconditioned so if you wanted more breeze/air than what the ceiling fan can provide and opened the window at night it might be noisy. This wasn't an issue for us in early May. The rooms have a large flat scren TV, hairdryer, and an iron and ironing board if you ask for one. There is a coin operated laundry in the basement, which they don't tell you about, insted promoting their &quot;laundry service&quot; at about US$5 an item. We were travelling for a month, and spent 6 nights at this hotel, and needed to wash frequently so we were thrilled to find the laundry in the basement. The hotel is more than happy for you to use it, so we did. The coffee and muffins int he lobby from 7am-10am is a nice touch - most people go down to get them and take them back to their room. WiFi is US$10 a day, not complimentary, which disappointed us a bit as it's widely available at most cafes etc in the area, and other hotels. No big deal though.The lobby is nice and clean, staff are very helpful and friendly too. All in all, a good choice, and competitively priced for what you get.	
May 9 2009 	Very Good Value For Money and Great Location.	Around the Corner from BART/MUNI metro station. ($5.35 from SFO BART station)3mins walk to Powell &amp; Market Cable Car.2mins walk to F-line MUNI street car located on Maarket St2mins walk to Westfield/Macys.Shared bathroom was clean and never had to wait more than 5mins. Never had to wait to use Toilet.Service desk friendly. Free Morning Coffee and Muffins.	
May 6 2009 	A bit of a curate's egg	Good location near Union Square, reasonably priced and valet parking available. However, the room we had was very small and most of the space was taken by the bed. The room also included a hand-basin, a stool and some other furniture so seemed rather cluttered. Curiously, the mattress also seemed to be a foot too short for the bed.	
May 5 2009 	a great place to stay!	The Mosser is perfect. It's charming, immaculate, and has very friendly staff. My room was small but I was only there to sleep. I shared a bathroom which was not a problem in the least. It was quiet at night, and the bed was very comfortable. I'll stay there any time I return to San Francisco. I truly recommend the Mosser.	
May 1 2009 	Great Location very cosy!!	If you're looking for a good value hotel with an excellant location, the Mosser is one of the best choices available. The hotel is a minutes walk to market street where all the buses and trams run from and is only a 3 minute walk from the Powell &amp; Market cable car turnaround point. Inside, the hotel is very pleasant and while the rooms are quite small, the interior of them makes up for this. Very quiant and lots of nice little touches made us feel very relaxed and very cosy. The coffee and muffins in the mornings were a nice little touch and the staff were always very helpful.	
Apr 28 2009 	Home away from home	Since I could not find a place on any mayor hotel (Ad:Tech Conference) a friend recommended me this hotel, boy...how much I love him now!.This place reminded me home, , neat, cozy, in the heart of town. I've arrived after a 46 hrs flight (Australia, Bangkok, Tel-Aviv , New York, San Fran) and though I was supposed to check in later, the shift manager let me receive the room before at no extra cost.The Hotel is so comfortable, that I would stay there every time I'll go to San Fran in the future (alone or with the family), the place it is so clean that you can eat from the floor , even on the shared bathrooms ;-), (not that I will recommend that to anyone).Close to Union Square, Business Centre, Macy's, Old Navy, Bloomingdale's, Metreon, and Embarcadero. For firts time visitors I will recommend walking up on Powel St. to Union Square and take the city bus.Do not waste your money on fancy hotels, it is the best value for your money.The only downer I've found was that tj=here no free internet, and frankly AT&amp;T service really sucks, other than that was a fantastic experience.	
Apr 24 2009 	A Great Little Hotel for a Rendevouz	The Mosser is a boutique hotel in the heart of downtown SF, very close to Union Square, to the Modern Museum, the Moscone Conference Center, etc.It's clean, friendly, and convenient, but what's best about the Mosser is the combination of a variety of rooms types for exceptional prices. If you are arranging a tryst, and want a pleasant, clean and functional room downtown in SF for a great price, you can't go wrong with the Mosser!	
Apr 24 2009 	Beautifully decorated quaint hotel in the midst of all the action	My experience at The Mosser hotel was an extremely positive one. I was in San Fran for a conference, the proximity of the hotel to the convention center made it easy to duck in and out for meetings, without feeling trapped at the convention center all day. The amount of shopping right outside the front door of the hotel was awesome.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great for short trips for solo travellers	Fantastic location, rooms clean but very small &amp; cramped with limited storage room. I had 816, 8th floor, facing another room (i.e. less street noise). Overall I did not have a problem with noise here. Staff were very helpful &amp; friendly - eg. they sent a iron &amp; ironing board to my room on day 1 and let me keep it for a whole week.I would suggest that if total no. of man-days' stay is greater than 6, your room might be too small (i.e. one person for &gt; 6 nights, or if 2 people to the room, no more than 3 nights) since there's hardly anywhere to put your clothes, shopping, laundry, etc.Still, the low price in such an amazing location is an undeniable draw. I was at Moscone centre, and it's perfect for that.	
Apr 19 2009 	Fantastic value for the money	This was a very very good hotel for what I paid. The only hitch is that parking is 29 dollars plus tax a night, and it took a while for them to bring up my car - even with this the price I paid was still well below most of the other civic centre hotels, and many in further out neighbourhoods. You're literally walking distance from a huge amount of local SF. It was fairly quiet too considering the city centre location.A tip I would give is that if you've a shared bathroom booked, if they have deluxe rooms available they will offer you one on check-in at a considerable discount to prices quoted on their own website and other sites websites. I was delighted to get this deal which made my stay even more enjoyable.	
Apr 17 2009 	Exceptional Value Great Staff Very Clean	I have been staying at the Mosser Hotel in San Francisco during business trips for over 5 years. For the price, I have always received exceptional value witih the service of a great staff in a very clean hotel/room. The Mosser is a european-style boutique hotel. Most rooms have bathrooms included; some have a sink with bathroom facilities a few steps outside the room. Of course, the room price is lower when booking the &quot;shared-bath&quot; rooms and the common baths are kept very clearn throughout the day. The hotel is a 3 minute walk from the BART (which goes directly to SFO airport) and the muni/bus system. It is a 5 minute walk to Union Square, restaurants and shops. The location is perfect. I can't say enough about the Mosser and the staff. I hightly recommend you give it a try when in San Francisco.	
Apr 16 2009 	A great hotel for a reasonable price	The Mosser Hotel is a fantastic hotel located ideally south of Market street. Getting from the SFO airport by the BART is simple and cheap ($5.35). The hotel is environmentally friendly and the staff is great. I had a room with a private bath so I can't comment about the rooms with shared baths. The coffee, muffins and newspaper at the lobby were a good start for every morning. The hotel gets only 4 stars because of the outdated internet service (and I was glad to hear about the brand new elevator). I mean to stay again in this hotel on my next visit to San Francisco.	
Apr 15 2009 	Will never stay anywhere else!	This place is a true gem. I'm used to staying in hostels but decided to try the Mosser because of all the great reviews. All of which are true. Love this place, clean, professional, perfect location and an amazing price. I stay in the city once a month and I'll be making this place a regular. It has internet hook up for $10 for 24 hrs, 24 hour parking for $29, T.V. and movie options for a cost as well.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great value--location the best and nice folks small rooms but fine.	Very nice employees, very helpful and the location is GREAT. If you don't mind sharing a bathroom and going down the hall, it is a great value. Coffee and muffins each morning are great and the restaurant next door is delicious.	
Apr 14 2009 	Perfect Location-Cozy atmosphere	Great Location and the cozy boutique hotel makes it feel like your own hotel apartment. Safe area, easy to get caps, great shopping location, reasturants very close and you can walk to many favorite spots with the right shoes. Great for the walkers who like to have moderate to big walks with low to steep hills to traverse. China town is a 20 minute walk and the Ferry building for Saturday Farmers market is 20-30 depending on your speed.I have been staying at this hotel for several years and love everything about this Boutique hotel.	
Apr 13 2009 	Good value would stay again	I had a delux room (private bath). To me, it was typical of older European hotels -- small, modern furniture, and clean. Exactly what I needed. (business man,age 61) And, the windows actually opened so I could enjoy the moderate SF temps. Service was very friendly and helpful, including the maid staff. Cost was less than half versus major hotels right across the street. But, if you need lots of space, big desk, etc...it wont work for you. If you need less expoensive, small, friendly....it will be fine. I would stay there again in a similar situation.Restaurant next door - Annabelles (I believe) was very good. Also, Sunday morning coffee/rolls in the lobby were a nice touch.	
Apr 13 2009 	Mosser stay for Moscone conference was virtually staying onsite	Our son stayed at The Mosser four nights during his participation in the 2009 Video Game Developers Conference. He has attended GDC several times, but never stayed at The Mosser, whose location only a block from the GDC site at Moscone gave him accommodations virtually onsite. As a graduating university senior, the focus of his visit was to job search and staying so near Moscone was ideal.Even though the GDC website showed The Mosser was full, we contacted the hotel directly and were able to get a single room for his stay at the promotional rate. The day before he left, a friend announced his own trip to SFO and your staff was able to change him to a queen room at the same rate, then extend it a day. He and we very much appreciated the staff members whose efforts made possible the changes to his reservation, giving him (and us) one less distraction.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Location	Great hotel and perfect location !! This is a very affordable hotel and located right in the heart of downtown SF. Great weekend getaway! walking distance to the best shopping and few blocks away from night clubs and bars . My boyfriend and i have already booked a room for a concert that is coming up soon ! Very happy customers!	
Apr 7 2009 	Clean and comfortable yet noisy	We needed a room at the last minute close to public transportation, and got a good price for a room with a private bath. The location is great, 1 block to BART stop, restaurants and shops nearby, yet felt quite safe, even though we checked in late (near midnight). The room was small, but very clean and the bed was really comfortable. The staff was very courteous and very helpful, suggesting places to eat and shop. The only problem we had was that having checked in very late, we were wanting to sleep in. Due to the age of the building, the doors were very heavy and when the first people started getting up (around 5:30 a.m.), the doors of the rooms would slam very loudly. It was impossible to sleep through even with ear plugs. I don't think anything could be done -- it's due to how old the building is. Bottom line, if you plan to get up early -- this is clean, comfortable place at a great rate in a great location. If you need something more quiet, keep looking.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great location	The Mossier is a good hotel in a great location at a very good price. My room felt more like a guest room at a friends house than a typical hotel. The staff was very accommodating and very helpful.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great Value for Perfect City Center Location	Don't expect a luxurious experience when you are staying in the heart of San Fransisco for this price. I paid for a queen deluxe (comes with private bath). The room is small and simple (bed, chair, night table, tv, closet) but well decorated and very clean. The staff was friendly and helpful. 7 - 11am they serve complimentary muffins and coffee or tea. Be sure to ask for a to-go cup (they are bigger then the regular coffee cups). My room was right next to the elevator facing 4th street, but it noise was never a problem. Unfortunately, no free wifi. Thankfully 3G service was available on my phone so we were able to google map the places we wanted to see.The hotel is just up the street from the BART (subway) station and very close to muni(bus) stops that can take you to just about anywhere you would want to go. Absolutely everything is walking distance or a short bus/subway ride away. I felt safe walking at night (1am) from the BART station or a bar.	
Mar 31 2009 	A Pottery Barn Window Display	I stayed at the Mosser Hotel from 3/27 thru 3/29 and was absolutely satisfied with the entire experience. My room reminded me of a Pottery Barn window display that I'd see in New York City last year. You can tell that the hotel staff takes great pride in the aesthetics of how any room is presented. The lobby is just the right size and is not overbearing like the Crystal Cathedral. It is by all means rustic. The color of the hallway on my floor was a dark pinkish/purple pastel combination; a really unique color that gave off a royal feeling. I found the hotel staff to be extremely helpful and knowledgeable. I stay at many hotels through out San Francisco when I want to enjoy the night life offered by the city. I can definitely see that the architectural beauty of the Mosser Hotel has been perfectly preserved. The Mosser Hotel is the right choice for all travelers and tourists alike. I will return to this hotel time and again and highly recommend it over any other pricey venue in San Francisco. If you want to bask in luxury, peace and quiet, then you'll appreciate what the Mosser Hotel has to offer. You will not be disappointed. The hotel rates are extremely reasonable and the value you receive far exceeds the affordable/budget conscious price you pay.	
Mar 30 2009 	I always stay here: great location value and service!!!	I almost always stay here when I go to San Francisco. I book through Expedia and get a great day. They have both shared and private bath. This was the first trip we tried the shared bath to save some money, we usually never do shared bath because it's kind of scary, but this share bath was just fine.	
Mar 25 2009 	A Truly Hidden Gem in SF	I love the Mosser Hotel! This was the PERFECT hotel for my weekend adventure in San Francisco. Located conveniently on Fourth St, the hotel within walking distance to BART and the #30 &amp; #45 city bus known as MUNI stops within several yards of the Mosser's front door. How convenient. I did not need my car for the entire 3 day/2 night stay. The #30 bus (Stockton) is down the street on Market and Third, and this will take you all the way to Chinatown. If you want to continue to Fisherman's Wharf, the Marina District and the Palace of Fine Arts / The Exploratorium, the #30 will take you there too.The entire staff at this hotel is professional, courteous and attentive. They answered my questions and provided information on restaurants and bus routes. My room had a queen bed and I chose the shared bath for the price. Next time I will upgrade for a few bucks more and get a room with a bath. Upon entering my room, the temperature was warm, but luckily there was a ceiling fan and a window to open for some breeze. The bed was comfortable and a small tv was located at the foot of the bed. My room was nicely decorated and modern looking. Closet was small, but adequate. In my room, the hotel provided a blowdryer, lotion, shampoo and a small bar of soap. The shared baths were very clean and there were bathrooms designated for male and female. The shower room was clean. Not once during my visit did I have to wait. There is a restaurant/bar attached to the hotel called Annabelle's, but I did not get a chance to try it. In the morning, the hotel offers coffee and muffins and there was always a lovely basket of red delicious apples through out the day at the reception area. The hotel's elevator is large and efficient and runs well. A snack machine and a vending machine for water/sodas is located on the bottom floor.The location is wonderful. There are loads and loads and loads of stores to visit and shop til you drop within walking distance of the Mosser. Bloomies, Ross, Old Navy, Westfield Shopping Center within a stones throw of this hotel. There is a Denny's and a Mel's Drive In Restaurant and Starbucks just around the corner too. What I liked best about this hotel is the proximity of it's location to stores, bus routes, BART, Union Sqare, restaurants. It was absolutely perfect.Upon check out, it took no more than 15-20 minutes for the valet to bring my car to the front door for me. I honestly do not have one negative thing to say about this hotel.The Mosser Hotel Rocks and I'll be going back real soon.	
Mar 23 2009 	Absolutely Fabulos!!!!!!	This is my top pick in San Francisco! The Hotel is fabulos! Great rooms! Great Staff both front and back. I have been coming to San Francisco for meny years and I always look forward to staying at The Mosser. I have seen it go through its renovation and staffing and it has never lost its charm or character. The hotel is central to everything being that it is just off of Union Square and the value for your money is 100% given the tight economic situation.	
Mar 21 2009 	The Mosser is a nice hotel the staff is great	I have stayed at The Mosser several times, always enjoyable. The fast elevator makes a big difference, great improvement.The staff is great. Courteous, efficient. Congrats, a great hotel, service, and staff.	
Mar 18 2009 	A very good place to stay	The Mosser Hotel does not dissapoint, on the contrary - I was very positively surprised about this place. The room was very small indeed, but it was very neat and having all amenities in this price class. Shared bathrooms were superclean and it was always a fere one available. The hotel is located very conveniently right in the centre of downtown, but it is also quiet so one can find peace and rest in the room. I especially liked the comfy bed after a 15 hours flight! Staff members at the reception were very friendly and helpful with all my questions.I can definitely recommend this hotel and I will stop by next time I pass through San Francisco.	
Mar 17 2009 	Review of the Mosser	The mosser hotel allowed us to stay in the middle of union square for a more than reasonable rate. The service was amazing as was the location! The staff were warm and friendly!! Loved it and will be back	
Mar 17 2009 	My Fifth Stay There	Once again stayed at the Mosser. The staff is friendly, helpful, informative. As a single woman, I feel very safe staying there. It's a perfect location, close to all the transportation and tourist office. Oh and they have a new fast elevator! While the morning muffins are a bit dry, the coffee is HEAVENLY!	
Mar 16 2009 	wonderful!! my new home away from home in san francisco!	seriously one of the best hotels I've stayed in. i'm a 20 year old girl who was traveling alone and I was sooo relieved when I arrived at this lovely establishment. the staff was very friendly, my room was super clean, and the location of this place could not be better!! it's a very short walk to the subway, multiple bus stops, and the famous cable car line. it's also near a lot of great shopping, the museum of modern art, and lots of places to eat. i felt very welcomed, cozy, and safe for the 3 nights i stayed here. I stayed in an economy room (a single room with a shared bath) and I was a little hesitant to share a bath but everything was always clean and i never had to wait to shower, etc.I would definitely stay here again, without hesitation.	
Mar 15 2009 	Inexpensive great location tiny rooms.	The location is excellent, right in Union Square, with much more expensive hotels right beside it and across the street. The building itself is a lovely Victorian which is clean and updated but retaining tons of character. The rooms apparently really vary in size. We got a room with a private bathroom (shared bathroom rooms are also available which are VERY cheap). We tried three rooms before we found one we could settle on. The first one had a lovely bay window with window seat, but was on the second floor and was very loud (there is a bar on the first floor of the hotel), and the top blanket was stained. The second room was way too small. The third room was slightly bigger, although had no view at all, as it faced the wall of the hotel that was on the other side of a small alley, and we kept the blinds drawn so other guests could not look into our room. All that said, the room itself, although tiny, was very efficient, with the tv mounted on the wall, the sink in the corner of the room, and a decent washroom and closet. With the exception of the first room's bedspread, everything else in the rooms was very clean and modern. The bathroom looked new and was spotlessly white. It was a very convenient location and the bed was comfortable. We had a double bed, and we were told we could pay to upgrade to a queen or king size bed, but we didn't bother, as the point of staying there this time was the extremely cheap rate. The rate we got was under $100 a night, which is ridiculously cheap in downtown SF, especially at this location, so we enjoyed it for what it was and spent the extra money on food and shopping. Usually we stay in luxury hotel rooms, so this was an anomalous experiment to see if we would enjoy saving money in a cool budget hotel, going as budget as possible to see what we thought, and it was relatively successful. We were comfortable enough, but we'll probably go back to the Four Seasons or St Regis next time around. I would recommend this hotel for people who are looking for a clean budget option though.	
Mar 10 2009 	My Home Away From Home	I travel to SF quarterly and always stay here. It is in a perfect location with EZ acess to all modes of public transportation. The rooms are cozy, clean and comfortable and EXTREMELY REASONABLE. To save a few more $$, don't be afraid of the shared bathroom facilities as I have found them always clean and available. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Within walking distance of all types of great food and good shopping.	
Mar 10 2009 	5 Minutes Walk From Union Square - It Doesn't Get More Central Than That.	II flew to the west coast during a recent business trip to New York. With so much jet lag I couldn't even remember my name. The staff at the Mosser were so helpful and answered every enquiry knowledgeably and with a real understanding of the city.I would recommend anyone to stay there when they are in town.	
Feb 27 2009 	Clean comfortable 	I'm a repeater; I've stayed at the Mosser each time I come to the bay area on my business trips because it's a great, clean, comfortable hotel with helpful staff. It's also conveniently located right in downtown SF, near BART. The rooms are small, European in style, but it has all the modern conveniences and the price makes it totally worthwhile. The homemade muffins in the morning are a plus. I highly recommend staying at this hotel for any business or leisure traveler.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great value	I went on a business trip a day early to meet up with some friends for shopping. Excellent location. The room was small but very comfortable and clean. I used the room only for showering and sleeping, so it was perfect for me, but may be too small if you plan on hanging out in your room a lot. Also, my room had a private bath, but some do not, so I would recommend asking for a room away from the shared bathroom unless you want to hear people walking to and from the bathroom past your room all night long.	
Feb 17 2009 	Cool hip intimate hotel with a awesome location!	My company was exhibiting at the Moscone center and I had to be there early in the morning to help setup. My company doesn't have the largest budget so they asked me find a hotel that was close to the Moscone center but reasonably priced. The Mosser was the perfect solution. The hotel is centrally located in the heart of San Francisco and only a five minute walk to to the Moscone Center, Union Square and public transportation (BART, MUNI). The staff are friendly and knowledgable. The rooms are cozy , clean and decorated in a modern/hip &quot;Manhattan Loft&quot; theme. Though it lacks some of the bells and whistles of some the full service hotels, the price, value and especially the location more than make up for it.	
Feb 10 2009 	Loved The Mosser! Hip 	The Mosser Hotel in San Francisco, was recommended to us by friends. We were looking to stay at a great boutique hotel with some charm and history. The experience was great. It's beautifully renovated in keeping with the original details. The staff is very personable and accomodating. The hotel's consideration of the environment was another plus. Adjacent to the hotel is Anabelle's Bar &amp; Grill, which has been there since 1913. Definitely recommend going there. We can't wait for our next visit to the hotel.	
Feb 5 2009 	Don't ask just come over !	This is my one-stop choice when staying in San Francisco.Whenever arriving from the airport you're just one short BART ride away to the hotel, and you can just drop your gear, and just go to any venue downtown. Do not stop at airport hotels, don't go far away, stay at the Mosser, enjoy their cozy hotel hall, talk to plenty of other people traveling in the bay, and get a great deal of fun for your stay in CA.	
Feb 1 2009 	The BEST way to save money in SFO	This hotel is just south of 4th and Market, across the street from the Marriott and less than 2 blocks from Moscone West. It is a perfect location for anyone attending a meeting. It is a renovated Victorian building that is impeccably clean and well maintained. The staff is great, friendly and helpful. A light breakfast of muffins and coffee or tea is included, and I found this perfect for before the meeting. (In fact, at the coffee break it was faster to come back to the hotel than to wait in line at the Moscone. I actually did that once.) Shopping and banks are readily available on Market St and Union Square and Chinatown are within walking distance. Don't miss the historic landmark St Patrick Catholic Church from 1851, right around the corner on Mission St either. Other reviewers have said the hotel was noisy but I did not find that. At times I heard noises (other guests or dishes being washed somewhere) from inside my room but not often and it was not an issue - and I am a light sleeper! The only downside is that some of the rooms do not have private baths - but there are plenty, I never had to wait to get in (I was there 5 nights). I think it is the most painless way to save money in SF.	
Jan 26 2009 	Perfect Place for a Weekend Getaway!	First Impression - great location! The hotel is located in an excellent location for walking around the downtown area or for taking public transport to other areas of the city. It's just off Market next to the San Francisco Shopping Center (Westfield), walking distance to Union Square, Metreon, Moscone, SF MOMA, etc. etc. Upon actually entering the hotel, my boyfriend and I were both impressed by the hotel lobby (good start!), especially for how little we paid for our weekend. There was a little back up in the computer system so it took a bit longer to check in, but we didn't mind waiting. Once we got to our room, I must say that we were initially a bit shocked at the size of the room. The open door nearly touched the bed, which was more or less against the other wall. It was really tiny! However, after the first minute of initial shock, we fell in love with it. It was different, but SO cute and intimate and decorated with a modern flare that I would definitely put in the &quot;boutique hotel&quot; catagory. If you don't mind the small space, I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel, as you end up falling in love with the atmosphere of the rooms and it is in a great location. You can also find pretty good deals for the hotel online. The shared bathroom wasn't a problem for the weekend we were there, but if we were staying longer, I would probably go for the en suite option. Also, the only complaint I might have is that the walls are pretty thin so you can hear people moving around in the mornings, but I think that a majority of hotels have that problem anyway.	
Jan 13 2009 	Excellent Location	We were in SF for 2 nights only and needed a place that would be easy to get around, yet in the middle of it all - and Mosser does the job!It's a wonderful little hotel that is located a stone's throw to Market Street, very close to the cable car line, SF Moma, Yerba Buena Gardens, Union Sq and more! It was easy to access the pier area for ferry building and fisherman's wharf as well. I like the fact that I can go back to my room quickly and put down my shopping and head out again and be in the heart of it all.The only thing that you MUST note is that the rooms are tiny! If you are going to book a double with private bath, request for the room at the end of the hall - those are slightly bigger. Actually the rooms remind me of hotels in NYC - tiny!Having said that, the staff are helpful, the building is beautiful and very quaint, and has a recording studio (Paradiso) - unusual! The rooms are modern and very clean. I would go back again if I ever visit the city.	
Jan 12 2009 	The Best Hotel By Far	I am a bargain hunter through and through... I chose the Mosser Hotel for my first trip out to California with my Boyfriend this past December after reading many positive reviews and they because they seemed affordable. Well...let me just say that I am going to leave them MUCH more than a positive review! I don't even know where to start with my great experience!?!?!!First of all, let me point out that if you book your reservation through the hotel's website, they are able to offer GREAT deals (better than search-engine deal finders) We booked the &quot;Winter Romance Package&quot; and I highly recommend you do the same if it is still available. This included a $50 gift certificate to their very posh restaurant located adjacent to the hotel, rose petals draped throughout our room, and a bottle of wine upon our arrival to the hotel! All included in the price of $185 for the first night and $165 per each additional night Thursday-Saturday. Also, the staff were able to accommodate our request for a corner room which featured a fantastic view of bustling 4th Street from all angles--this room was ALL windows! We coudl see the Marriot across the street and the fools who were paying $400 a night to stay there...hahaAlso, unlike any other hotel I have come to find thusfar, I want to mention how much we appreciated the fact that the hotel was conscious of energy consumption and strived to be fully sustainable. I was unaware of this at the time I booked the reservation but thrilled to learn it upon our arrival!Some things I should point out: The Mosser has rooms with shared lavatories as well as with private bathrooms upon request. We requested a private bath and so that's what we got! It was accommodating and clean. I suppose this may be a turnoff to some, but the temperature is not controlled by the guest, to maintain low-energy consumption. However, let me point out that we were never uncomfortable. The staff did inquire as to whether or not we were satisfied with the temperature which I appreciated. The staff should also be commended for the following reasons: when we arrived they offered us signature chocolates and were more than helpful when it came to transporting our luggage to our room. The Chardonnay we requested as our complimentary bottle of wine was already chilling when we got to our room which was covered in rose petals (a little cheesy but still romantic!) Also, when we bought our own wine later in our trip and wanted to enjoy it in our room, the staff was quick to provide us with a wine opener and glasses. They were helpful with directions and making the most of attractions during our short trip. Our reservationist also booked us our reservation at the restaurant, Annabelle's, where we could use our gift certificate. They set aside their best table with street views of 4th Street and served organic, antibiotic-free, delicious meals that were fantastic. Our service here was also fantastic and made great recommendations when it came to wine and desserts. I do not have one single thing to even nit-pick about this hotel experience. I would NOT recommend this hotel for a stay with children. It is definitely a boutique hotel geared towards couple or perhaps the business traveler. Our room was not overly large but certainly big enough for our romantic excursion. We're a couple in our early 20's and this boutique hotel was absolutely 4 thumbs up! We will be back again!!!!!!p.s. San Francisco was SO GREAT!	
Dec 14 2008 	No problems (except for noise outside)	I was in San Francisco for four nights and stayed here in a single room with a shared bathroom and a female and male toilet nearby. The room was quite small but very cosy. It had a nicely made single bed, cable TV, closet, sink, toiletries, towels and a bathrobe. The view outside the window wasn't very nice - main street in front - and was very noisy especially at night. The room itself, as well as the shared bathroom and toilet, were very clean. The service was great. Overall I had a great stay with no problems. Decent price for San Francisco. Good for people on a budget. The location is quite good - close to Museum of Modern Art, Yerba Buena Gardens, Financial District and shops. Also within walking distance to Powell St station and bus stops. Probably won't return to San Francisco, but would stay here again if I did.	
Dec 7 2008 	Relatively expensive	We stayed for 4 nights. The room was clean and service good. But our room was tiny and located on the south side, so very very hot. To give you an idea: I had rinsed a pair of jeans and this was completely dry in about half a day. 90 USD is a lot for such a small and hot room.	
Dec 7 2008	Perfect location	This is a great hotel if you would like to live close to everything in SF. It is small rooms but we didn´t mind. We were just sleeping there. Nice and clean and we had toilette and shower in the room. The breakfast was poor, just a muffin and coffee.	
Nov 25 2008	The Mosser is Charming	I visited San Francisco for a conference and was happy to find a reasonably priced hotel within walking distance to Union Square. The Mosser has a fabulous location for walking around the city and is convenient for public transit. The hotel is very charming and I found all of the staff to be friendly and very helpful. My only complaint would be that my room was not very well insulated from noise, but that is probably due to the age of the original building with its victorian architecture. My room was very nicely decorated and very clean. The shared toilets and shower were also spotless and I never had to wait to use either of the facilities. Great value and the hotel staff go out of their way to make you feel welcome. Be sure to check out the daily rate special on The Mosser's website for a great price.	
Nov 25 2008 	Loved the Mosser great location and very accomodating	I went last minute to San Francisco to do the women's marathon. They had just had a cancellation so I booked it. The price was perfect. I needed to be near the start line, which I was. It was very charming, not your usual impersonal hotel. It was clean and cozy. The restaurant was very accommodating to my needs for the race. It was close to shopping, art museums and the race. I just took the bart from the hotel and I was there, no need for a car or a taxi. I would stay there again.	
Nov 21 2008 	Excellent Service and Support!!! Warm people!!	The people of the hotel are gentil, warm and very patience jejejeje the hotel its really clean and quiet. U can save a lot of money because the price its really cheaper and the ubication on the heart os SF its really cool. definetly ill be back to the Mosser!	
Nov 20 2008 	Memories of The Mosser	Margaret and I stayed at The Mosser for three nights in August 2007. We had pre-booked this 3 star Hotel because it was affordable and central. It was just right for our needs, with a pleasant marble floored lobby and efficient staff. Muffins and coffee for breakfast. The room was compact but adequate, and there was a Jazz CD gift in the room produced by the owner. We opted to book a room without a bathroom, however the toilet and shower facilities on our floor were modern and clean. The Mosser has had an ungrade and so it has old Victorian charm and a modern freshness too. Within a few hundred metres you have diners and restaurants, picture theatre, the Cable Car, trams along Market Street, Union Square and the main shopping centre. If you are looking for 3 star comfort, reasonable price and a central location, then we are happy to recommend The Mosser.	
Nov 19 2008 	Great for the money!	Can't beat the location for access to public transportation and shopping! I got a queen room with shared bath for $109, but after numerous difficulties with the card key to the room door not working properly, was upgraded to a queen with private bath right across the hall. Nice to get the Gillette Venus disposable razor as one of the amenities.Even though I used the shared bath for just the first day, there was never a wait and both the toilet room and bathtub/shower room were spotless! I never even saw anyone else using the hall bathrooms. Friendly, couteous staff. The mini muffins and tea/coffee were nice in the mornings. I felt as if I were the only guest from the U.S. staying here--lots of Europeans seemed to stay there. The Hotel Palomar next door looked more swanky (and $$$), and the 39th floor Sky bar across the street at the Marriott was fun for a good view and a drink, but this was the best value by far, since I'm a girl on a budget. Would stay here again.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great Service at the Mosser!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Mosser for two nights in August. Overall, the experience was very pleasant. Although the rooms are small, they are nicely decorated and reminiscent of a European boutique hotel. The best part of the hotel is the service. The staff is well informed and courteous, and, because the hotel is small, one never feels overwhelmed or rushed. The location is great too. It's right around the corner from the major shopping districts and transportation hubs. A nice restaurant next door, and an excellent breakfast diner down the block are also added amenities. If you're willing to forsake room size for good service and a nice price, you couldn't do better than the Mosser.	
Nov 8 2008 	Great Stay	I was making a quick trip through San Francisco and stayed here one night, and loved this hotel. It has a great location to almost any attraction in the city. The bedroom was very small, but I was in it only to sleep. The hotel was very very clean and for being in the big city I heard no noise. I travel to the Bay Area often and this is always my first choice.	
Nov 8 2008 	Amazing value for money	Best value for money yet, after 6 months of travelling. Yes the room was rather small, although not as tiny as the previous posts suggest, but the location is wonderful, the rooms are spotless, the people superfriendly. Great great great.	
Nov 7 2008 	Great little place	I am a budget traveler. I wanted to goto SanFran but was worried about the high cost. I found the Mosser online and gave it a try. The rooms are small. But no smaller than New York hotels. They were pretty bare bones too. But they had a TV, sink, and a very comfortable bed. The staff were very professional. The location was perfect. I highly recomend the Mosser to anyone going to SanFran.	
Nov 5 2008 	Stay here only if you plan to spend NO time in your room	Location - superior. Immediate access to everything that the Bay Area has to offer, or at least immediate access to access, with MUNI and BART lines only a block and a half away.Rooms - taller than they are wide. A bed around which you can just about sidle; no desk; no closet; no bureau; a corner sink in the bedroom; a bathroom with tub, toilet, and a square yard of &quot;other&quot; space, most of which is within the doorsweep. I found myself placing bits and bobs (a plastic chair, a tray, a bizarre vase and artificial flower) out into the hall for the maid to carry away. The decor: Classic mottled &quot;hide-the-stain&quot; mixed browns, hiding the many stains with only indifferent success. Remarkably depressing, and with window-rattling street noise even on the eighth (top) floor.Stingy amenities - free coffee and muffins in the morning, all very well, it's not a bed-and-breakfast, after all; but oh, the cheeseparing of making the guests sign on every day, at $9.99 per day, for access to the Internet! One clerk said - It's not that bad, there's a three-day special fee. But when I went looking... No. One day at a time. On reporting that to the same clerk, he said - Huh! Did they pull that? Guess it wasn't making enough money. And there you have it, eh?Staff - Well-informed and chipper at the front desk. As for porters, chambermaids - one lift only, so that you must be prepared to wait for it to pass you by several times until this and that cart has made its way up or down. Better training might have ensured that they step out of the cab when a guest wants to use the lift.	
Oct 29 2008 	The tiniest rooms ever!	We booked the Mosser as I thought it looked like a gorgeous boutique hotel when I found it on hotels.com. When we arrived there we were really impressed with the exterior of the building and the lobby is absolutely gorgeous - beautiful architectural details.It was only when we got to the room that we realised the mistake that we had made. The rooms are quite stylish but they are absolutely tiny. I had read lots of reviews on this site before booking and figured that when people had said the rooms were small that they were exaggerating. There was just about 2ft on one side of the bed and less than 1ft on the other side. At the end of the bed there was about 3ft. As myself and my husband both had suitcases (mine was a small and his was a medium) we couldn't open our cases in the room without putting our cases on the bed and there was no wardrobe to hang things (well there was a 1ft rail but my husband hung 3 shirts on it and it was full!). Also attached to the end of the bed was a shelf with a tv perched on it, which without fail, I kicked repeatedly during the night (and I'm only 5ft 3&quot;). Also, the view out of our window was of other rooms - about 6ft away, so we had to keep the blind closed at all times.The Mosser would be an alright place to stay for one night, but after 3 nights there I had cabin fever from the size of the room (even though we were out early every morning until late in the evening seeing San Francisco) and I was so glad to get out of it.	
Oct 24 2008 	Wonderful Spot!	The Mosser is in a fantastic location. It is clean and very affordable. The single room I stayed in was perfect for just me and quite comfortable. The staff was outstanding; very knowledgeable and friendly. Can't wait to return!	
Oct 24 2008 	Lovely gem in the City by the Bay	I was in San Francisco at the beginning of October and I spent two nights at the Mosser Hotel which exceeded my expectations. Its location is ideal, right by Union Square in the heart of downtown, close to BART and the MUNI transit systems and of course the shopping. Upon my arrival at the hotel, the bellman asked for my name and it was obvious the hotel was expecting me. That's very organized. The bellman took my bags into the lobby which is very quaintly decorated. The old style decor is well preserved and maintained which adds to the charm. Checking in was simple and my room was immaculately clean. I didn't mind the size of the rooms (it's an old hotel built in the early 1900's) nor did I mind sharing the bathroom/shower facilites. I'm a budget traveller and I had no problems with using the shower facilites. (they are private so there is no communal shower to worry about) The front desk staff were very helpful in providing information during stay. I'd definitely stay there again.	
Oct 23 2008 	European-style hotel good price	When we started looking for hotels in SF, the big price tags were a shock. We went through otel.com and got a pre-paid $128/night rate, which was excellent and suitable for our room at the Mosser. It is centrally located near the downtown shopping district and many other hotels. It has a beautiful art deco style lobby and a stylish decor throughout. Our room had a private bath, but there seemed to be ample shared bathrooms on every floor for those rooms that did not have a private bath. It is definitely a European-style hotel though - the average American traveller will find the rooms to be quite small. We are not large people, but we did have two large suitcases and the room felt very cramped - especially the tiny bathroom. But for one night, it was fine. There was normal city noise from outside. No air conditioning, but we had a fan which was adequate. The room was very clean. The front desk was very helpful, supplying us with a sewing kit when we needed one, and the porter was efficient. Organic apples were at the front desk, which was a nice touch. They also had basic pastries and coffee in the morning. Our one issue was with the parking service. Since we had rented a car for our entire trip, we had it with us in San Francisco, which was a bit of a problem as parking is scarce. The Mosser apparently has some kind of parking garage off-site which charges guests a daily rate of $28 if I recall correctly, with unlimited in-and-out valet services. Although we called down to request our car 20 minutes before we needed it on two occasions, it was not ready when we came to the lobby, and we had to wait 10-15 minutes for it to arrive each time with no explanation. On one occasion, when the car arrived, the stereo had been tuned to a different station with the volume cranked, and the gas was lower than how we had left it. This made us wonder. In general, leave the car at home when traveling to SF. Being from Boston and New York, we thought we had seen high parking prices - but the SF meters start at 5 cents per minute, and the garages are worse. All in all, the Mosser was an economical way to stay in SF and worth considering.	
Oct 21 2008 	Good place if on a budget.	This place has its good points and its bad.The good: Close to everything downtown. If not ,you can always fond public transportation within steps of this hotel. The underground MUNI system is right around the corner, so are the Cable cars on Powell St, and the Bart. Any of these will take you pretty much anywhere a tourist wants to go. Don't rent a car! Buy a MUNI pass good for 3-5 or 7 days, which is what I used and was well worth the 24 dollars for a 7 day pass.If you get a shared bath room, dfon't worry, they are always clean. I never had to wait to use one or the shower. Everytime I looked inside it was spotless. Also the smell of the hotel is very nice. I like the air freshener system they use in the place. Lots of places to eat all around and Walgreens and plenty of ATMS too.The bad: It can get somewhat noisy depending what side of the hotel you are on. I constantly heard beeping noises coming from an underground parking garage, and I was on the top floor! I also heard a whistle noise almost like a choo choo train, but its a type of whistle the doormen use to hail taxis! Its cute at first but after a while it can be annoying. Also in the morning housekeeping are noisy. They use storage bins in the wall which they open and close constantly to stock up supplies and they bang it open and closed all morning. I was in room 803, and 802 is literally right next to your door. Tucked in a corner. My neighbor had a bad habit of slamming their door when they left or came in. Very rude.But I would stay here again, but this time a bigger room and maybe in a quieter area. The price could not be beat.	
Oct 21 2008 	good location clean tidy	great location, rooms were not huge but worked for sleeping.We had one of the rooms on the 6th floor with private bathroom, shower etc in the suite.You could hear the street noise if you left the double window open. But once closed didn't hear anything, but did have to keep the fan on as the room got quite hot.Loved the free muffin and coffee in the morning, if we got up early enough to enjoy before heading out for the day.Staff were fair, stayed in many other hotels where the staff have been more helpfull and attentiive. But overall not complaints.Great location, close to everything with Taxi stand across the road if required.	
Oct 16 2008 	A surprise	This is the first time ever that I’ve written a review of a hotel and here’s why: the Mosser exceeded my expectationsIt was great and I’m not often impressed with hotels. In fact I’d say the hotel is a well kept secret.I was unprepared for the compact, well-appointed rooms with a sense of place, the sleek Euro style that fit in with the historic building, and the location.The bar was intimate, comfortable, and the service welcoming.My room was clean, quiet and exceptionally reasonable. What a welcome break from the chain box hotels. I’ll be back next time that I’m in San Francisco.	
Oct 12 2008 	The Mosser is the most !	I was most impressed with The Mosser. First of all, the location is excellent, right in the heart of the city, convenient to bus, subway and cable car. The rooms are small but very clean. The shared bath was a good experience. Separate men's and women's toilets and a very clean bath/shower shared by three rooms; not a must but significantly less expensive. The staff are exceptionally helpful with directions, bookings, information, and even shipped boxes home for us. I can't say enough good things about The Mosser. Thanks	
Oct 7 2008	Oddball hotel	The Mosser hotel is fantastically located on 4th St, right opposite the Marriott with its 45th floor bar and fabulous panoramic views, 1/2 a block away from the Metreon cinema complex (Imax please) and finally 5mn walk to the SF Moma Museum. Rooms are TINY! Don't get rm 207, 10'x8' (yes 10'x8') and is boiling hot and noisy (just abaove Annabelles restaurant! After 10mn I had a headache. there is NO AC in rms. The front desk was really nice in upgrading me right away to a larger rm WITH bathroom. Yes the cheaper rms have just a sink. Bathtub and toilets are down the corridor. the TV system isn't great. Some room have a 42&quot; plasma, the cheaper rms have a 13&quot; CRT. On mine, the picture was showing about 10mn after I turned it on. On the plasma tv, the picture is fuzzy (basic cable), and all extra services are expensive. There is the option of going on the web/tv but to check emails and such it's $13. Movies are expensive up to $16. there is free coffee tea and muffins, newspapers, magazines and tourists guides with good maps (public transport, Union Sq. hotels etc.) the staff is nice and courteous. there is a security guard patrolling at night. Walgreens is just around the corner. There is a big parking just around the corner but I don't know thee rates.	
Oct 6 2008	Small but Outstanding	My wife and I spent two days in SF, and our stay at the Mosser was perfect in every way - the staff is helpful and friendly, rooms clean and smartly furnished, the quality of the towels and amenities is outstanding, and the location is ideal.Don't let the fact that breakfast is limited to muffins and coffee/tea put you off - the muffins are delicious, and the whole exercise takes much less time than a full breakfast and so gives you an earlier start!One potential area for improvement is the internet access through the room TV (for those like me too lazy to carry around their laptop), which is quite slow and can be very time consuming if you use Gmail.	
Oct 3 2008 	Fairly priced	We stayed in one of the rooms without bathroom. The room was very, very small, almost two small for two people (but perfect for one guest). The decor I found to be very nice for the price we paid and I must say I was impressed. The rate was something like 119 per night which is very reasonable for a hotel in this neighborhood. The location is great! The room was well equipped with even an iron and an ironing board and a wash basin. No view though. We were also close to the ice machine on the second floor of hotel and it was somewhat noisy. The shared bathroom was OK. I was initially a little grossed out just by showering in the same place that somebody else was, but it seemed nevertheless sufficiently clean. It was not clear to me how many rooms shared this bathroom and shower. We only stayed in the room for three nights. I would probably prefer my own bathroom in the futuree, but if you can bear showering where somebody else did and you want to save on accomodations so you can spend on other things, this is a top choice. Felt that staff were friendly and efficient.	
Oct 2 2008 	Good Times at the Mosser	I had a great time at the Mosser. Our room was towards the back of the building facing the Bloomingdales. If you kept the window open at night, it was SUPER loud and disruptive. But with the window closed it was perfect. Bathroom and shower were located down the hall and were always in great condition. Would stay again!	
Oct 1 2008	I want to go back to the Mosser	I went to SF on business, after an intense week of traveling also for work reasons in the NorhtEast. I was pretty pooped. The front desk people at the Mosser were welcoming; the hotel is funky and different; the room was a corner room, there was a tray with a vase and a HUGE flower on my bed; bathrobes in the closet; EXCELLENT toiletries... I thought it was a true find. When I had trouble connecting with the Internet I got good advice on what to do and alternatives on where to go, no attitude, no sighs...The room was not also clean but efficiently and astutely furnished, small yes but everything I needed was there. People, this place deserves to be on your list.	
Sep 24 2008 	Wonderful stay great location!	We had a great experience at the Mosser hotel. We stayed the last weekend of August 2008 for a quick mini weekend vacation on the cheap. So glad that we decided on the Mosser. Yes the rooms are small, big enough for the queen bed and small sink area with a little walking space... very european, but what are you doing in the room in an exciting city like SF? The hotel had everything that we needed. The shared restroom and showers were always clean, the staff was very welcoming and helpful during our stay and the location cannot be beat for the price. A few blocks to all the shopping you could ever want (Union Square), and right off of Market street and all the public transportation needed to get around the City.I will definitely stay at the Mosser every time i visit SF.	
Sep 19 2008 	Stay at the Mosser!	Not only is the Mosser a terrific value for the money, it's got a killer location. Rooms are small, but stylish. The staff is outstandingly friendly. I was pleasantly surprised to find a continental breakfast available in the morning, and there's great shopping around the corner. If you're headed to SF, particularly if you're spending your own money (and not on an expense account) you'll love the Mosser.	
Sep 17 2008 	Boutique bargain	Hard to believe some sites only rate the mosser 2+ stars.Its a great hotel in a great location. During my stay the staff were friendly and helpful when you needed them to be.The rooms are comparable with more expensive 'boutique' hotels i have stayed in, and are both clean and comfortable.There may be bigger and better hotels, but the Mosser provides great value for money and i would have no qualms about returning there next time i am in town	
Sep 16 2008 	Over priced rude rooms are tiny and cheap looking	We arrived and our room was $160 plus tax which we found to be ridiculously overpriced for the room we stayed in. It was not even a Queen bed, we were told it was a Double but that seemed to be a generous statement. The room was smaller than one at Fomule1 and there was stains on the carpet. I had forgotten my cell phone charger and went down stairs to see if front desk had one to fit my phone, I was then talked to like I was a thief and untrustworthy and was made to go back up stairs to bring my phone down so he knew I wasnt just going to take it which was very insulting. There was meant to be muffins for breakfast but there was none left at 8am. I was also charged $1 for each 1800(toll free) number that I had called which I have never seen before as it is a free call.Overall it felt as if we had been ripped off and we really didnt enjoy our stay at all and will not be returning in the future.	
Sep 14 2008 	Good location small room	We stayed at The Mosser hotel for three nights, and chose it primarily for its central location and price. Despite the extremely small room, there was a CD player, TV, games console and wash basin, and our bathroom was situated across the corridor, so this wasn't a major problem. The hotel overall has a quirky but smart decor, with a nice foyer serving coffee and muffins at breakfast. The location was great as it was situated a few steps away from Union Square, Chinatown, the business district and the shops of Market St.	
Sep 8 2008 	Clean Convenient Safe Good Rates	Okay - I liked this hotel because it's really convenient to the BART (1 block to Powell Station) and other public transportation (street cars, trolley cars, MUNI buses). It's also VERY clean and safe. I booked through Expedia and got a great rate, but I booked a &quot;European style&quot; room - no toilet or shower in my room, they were in the hall. And this worked out fine for me.Here's what you need to know before booking this hotel: The rooms are small but well-designed. They are nicely decorated in what I'd call a &quot;High IKEA&quot; style. The European style rooms have a sink, hair dryer, bath robe and iron + ironing board in them. The closets are small. The rooms have ceiling fans but no central air conditioning - usually not a problem in San Fran, but you do need to keep your window open to get some cool air. Since the hotel is so conveniently located, the downside is that it is also noisy - more so when you have your window open. Right now (early Sept. 2008), there is construction going on right in front of the hotel. With jackhammers. There is also a parking garage right next to the hotel, and every time a car exits the garage, there is a BEEP-BEEP-BEEP while the arm is up - and you CAN hear this if you're on that side of the hotel. There is also a restaurant on the first floor (not connected to the hotel, and I think it serves lunch/dinner only + it has a large bar) - one hotel guest told me that his first room was on the 2nd floor right above the restaurant and it was quite noisy. He got a room change. Some rooms are noisier than others, so request to move to a different room if yours is unbearable. The hotel serves coffee, decaf, hot tea and muffins in the lobby every morning from 7-10 AM. The front desk staff, while very polite, is mostly brand new and not very knowledgeable about restaurants, getting around town, etc. Except for one guy: John. He is great and he is usually there in the mornings.If you don't bring a laptop, you are kind of screwed as far as getting internet service: you CAN get internet on your in-room TV, but it costs $10/day. There aren't any terminals available for your hourly use, and it's kind of hard to find an internet cafe - but I did locate a grotty one on Post near Hyde St. But bringing your laptop is probably the cheapest option - there are tons of free wireless hot-spots all over town.As far as the European-style stuff: the restroom and shower are SPARKLING clean. All the time. There may occasionally be a brief wait to get into the shower, but nothing unbearable and certainly not a deal-breaker.Overall this is a well-run operation and very clean, convenient, safe and affordable. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 6 2008 	Fine Location Good Service	Fine hotel in a downtown location. A mentioned by other reviewers, the rooms are on the small side but entirely adequate. Service was friendly and welcoming. I took a room with shared bathroom and toilet facilities and it was obvious that the house staff were checking and cleaning both the toilets and bathroom regularly. Reccomended.	
Sep 2 2008 	Never going back again!	I attended Oracle World 2007 and stayed at the Mosser. The only thing good about this hotel is it's location. If you are claustrophobicdon't even think about staying here. Small rooms, shared bath, broken elevator, TV on a stick coming out of your bed, broken AC and you can hear all the noise from the street. I'd rather stay at the Y. This year I am attending Oracle world 2008 and will be staying at the Palace which I highly recommend.	
Aug 28 2008 	Perfect for a night away	Nice modest hotel in a perfect location if you want to be down town. Market street has some not so nice areas but 4th Street where the Mosser is nice and safe. The hotel is easy walking distance to the Ferry Building and Plaza, a block from MUNI and BART and easy freeway access. This is a typical European old school hotel with very modern rooms. The place is well run, clean and comfortable. The in house bar and restaurant were both great. Both have very high ceilings, nice woodwork and a classic design.The rooms are small and may not be ideal for a family or if you are traveling with lot's of luggage. For a single person the rooms are fine. My room had triple layered window which kept all the potential street noise out, high quality bathrobes, fresh flowers, nice linens and pillows, and quality soap, shampoo etc...If I was spending several hundred dollars I would expect all of the above. My room was $119. For that price this is the greatest hotel deal in San Francisco hands down!!!I'm in SanFrancisco often. Now my only regret is I will not get to try any other hotels. I'm coming back :)	
Aug 27 2008 	Affordable Getaway	We stayed here for 6 days, 5 nights. It was affordable and clean. I wouldn't stay here if you are used to a luxury hotel, but it's a great location in downtown near shopping and you can ride the muni or bart to pretty much anywhere. We caught the bart from the airport to the hotel and it was only $5.35! We loved being so close to the Cheesecake Factory (yum)! It is much better than Fisherman's Wharf where all the tourists are and prices are higher. The rooms are pretty small, so if you are rooming with someone make sure you don't mind living in close quarters! We used the community bathrooms and they were always clean and never occupied. They also give you a shower caddy so you can carry your toiletries to the shower which is nice. You have a sink in the room, which is also nice. I enjoyed our stay here and I would recommend it highly for anyone wanting a reasonable stay while in San Francisco!	
Aug 27 2008 	Nice stay at the Mosser	My boyfriend and I stayed for two days at the Mosser from 8/23 - 8/24. We had room 608, which had a queen bed with bathroom and closet. The room was neat and clean with stylish, modern decor, but it was extremely tiny, although I expected that from reading other people's reviews. Just be prepared for a 2-3 foot perimeter around the bed, and that's it. Not much of a view, but you're in the city center, so that was also expected. It was reasonably quiet, in any case. Nice TV with cable, CD player, a chair or two, trashcan, and a nighttable was all that was in the room. There is no A/C, so we kept the windows open, which was fine. San Francisco usually has pretty temperate/cool weather.The bathroom was also tiny; standard tub, toilet crammed in right next to it, and sink across from that. Decent water pressure, plenty of hot water. I didn't much care for the sink though. It is about the size of a urinal, and there is a shelf right above it, so you can't splash your face with water without hitting your head on the shelf. Also hard to spit when brushing your teeth. Overall, it wasn't too bad though; just annoying.The lobby looked really nice, and the staff were friendly and pleasant. Breakfast was minimal - just coffee and muffins in a basket in the lobby, but the muffins were pretty good. We went around the corner to Mel's Diner on Mission St to supplement our breakfast - great food, cheap. Annabelle's Bistro was right next to the hotel, so we stopped in there for drinks in the evening, and it seemed like a good, local hangout. The location was good in the center of downtown. It was one block to Market Street with tons of shopping, restaurants, big office buildings, just a few blocks from San Francisco Bay. You can get to/from the SFO airport easily using the BART subway system, which has a stop just around the corner from the hotel on Market St; it was a $6 ticket/25 minute ride straight there. We used the MUNI system of trolleys to get around otherwise, which was also just around the corner and cheap at $1.50 anywhere you want to go on the line. The F line was our friend and goes all the way out to Fisherman's Wharf in about 15-20 minutes with stops at the piers along the way. We paid cash (exact change required) to the driver each time, but you can also get a MUNI card, which might be a little cheaper, depending on how many rides you take. As far as fun things to do, we had a car for two days ($35/day to park at the Mosser) and traveled to the Napa/Sonoma area one afternoon and hit a few of the wineries for tastings. It took about an hour to get there, and most of them close by 5 pm, so don't get up too late. Beautiful scenery, nice wines, tons of vineyards to try. The next day we drove to Muir Woods, which is an ancient sequoia forest with a walking trail. That was amazing; I felt like a dinosaur would come lumbering out from amongst the giant trees at any moment. We also hit the five-course Cirque du Soleil-style dinner show, Teatro Zinzanni at Pier 27/29; great food, great show - not cheap, but we thought it was worth it; book ahead. My favorite sidetrip was a bike ride across the Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito. We rented bikes from Blazing Saddles at Fisherman's Wharf for around $45 each, and it was a simply astounding ride past Ghirardelli Square to Fort Point, over the bridge, and down to the cute, little village of Sausalito, where we took the ferry back across (ferry ticket included in price). Took about 2-3 hours total.  Okay, back to the hotel. We also stayed four nights at the Queen Anne in Pacific Heights about 1.5 miles away, and both of us liked the Queen Anne better to be honest. The price was about the same (~$150/night), but the Queen Anne seemed more authentic to San Francisco, extremely cool, relaxed neighborhood (Fillmore district) with lots of neat boutiques and no chains, the rooms were 5x bigger, they had a better, more expansive breakfast, better bathrooms, and very reasonable access to transportation. However, if you really want to be in the bustling city center, convenient access to everything is the most important factor for you, and you don't mind being in a more corporate-y area, then the Mosser is the place for you, and is very reasonably priced for its location, especially if you get the rooms with the shared bathroom in the hall.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great Location great location great location	I usually seek out hotel that have a shared bath bc they are usually GREAT! And the Mosser was no exception. The rroms were small but had a great designed bathroom sink and an unusual amount of toiletries and amenitities! Tons a neat samples from Walmart!Americans seem to think that hotel rooms need to be the size of a football stadium but WHY??? One sleeps and rests and leaves or maybe watches a little tv but why the need for a stadium size rooom??As a frequent European traveleur I find cleanliness more important that size the the Mosser was indeed clean and fresh and non smoking!I hope that this place lives on and on with it very reasonable prices! Give me small cheap and chean anyday!! Au Revoir!	
Aug 18 2008 	Great location - Bohemian atmosphere	We had room number 608. As most reviewers state, the rooms are VERY small. What we liked:the polyglot staff. We heard the housekeeping crew giving each other lessons in different languages. The location was perfect.The morning coffee is delicious! We asked for a quiet room and were accommodated. The negatives - When we looked under the bed upon departure it was very dusty and had trash under the headboard. There was also a used shower cap hanging on the back of the bathroom door. The elevator was held up constantly by hotel staff. The only time we asked for our car it took 52 minutes when we were told 20. Overall it was not a bad stay at all; we enjoyed our time in the city. The next time though, we will pay for an upgrade to something a little more luxurious.	
Aug 17 2008 	Very central	This hotel is located very very central close to tram etc... looks nice reception is really chic... we had an ensuite double room... The sink was in the room rather than in the bathroom, the room was the smallest I have ever stayed at but very clean and had a fan so no problem. Views are of the next door house = none. Close to cinema and food court. Only downside is the room size which was TINY... telly fixed onto the bed on a little stand... We were also at the end of 6 weeks holiday and had lot of stuff so that did not help but it really was small.	
Aug 15 2008 	Great location nice room on a budget	The location was great. Very close to shopping, walking distance to the Powell street trolley terminal and Union Square. I stayed here to go to a seminar that was held at the Palace Hotel which is a couple of blocks away. I stayed in a single room which had a nice double/queen size bed with a shared restroom and bath - European style. Those of you familiar with this will be pleased. It is a great way to stay in a good location for less money. Bed was comfortable, nice modern decor. Wall mounted tv with movies for rent available, and games and email available as well. In room sink, hair dryer, nice bath robe, ironing board, iron and good closet space.They have complimentary coffee and some bagels/muffins in the morning.Front desk help was sufficient. They have free luggage check.24 hour valet parking for just $29. That is an AWESOME rate for this area of San Francisco.	
Aug 15 2008 	Nice room bad staff	Myself and friends of mine booked twin rooms for the Mosser from 27th July X 4 nights. We in fact got double rooms but this was ok as it didn't bother us too much. The staff on check in were not friendly and welcoming as they could be and the concierge (door man) was pretty much useless with not even so much as a smile to make you feel welcome at all. We booked the rooms with shared bathrooms and even though the rooms were very small they were comfortable and clean and had a sink provided. The shared bathroom wasnt bad either and there was never any problem with a queue for the shower or toilets.Our friends had a problem with their door during the stay where the lock had died and after 5 or 6 trips to reception to get the problem rectified they had to move the room (they did not believe us and gave us new keys each time previous to this), My friends were left with everything in the room which couldn't be opened for the night and had no night clothes, no access to medication etc. This could have been a major inconvenience and the fact that the hotel were powerless to open the room until the following day should never be the case for health reasons if anything else. I would advise that the members of staff recognise that they are there to sell the hotel and welcome guests as I found their attitude towards us was cold and very unhelpful. I had to go to the concierge in the neighbouring hotel the Palomar on any questions I had who were wonderful and if I had not prepaid for the Mosser I would have liked to have stayed there instead.	
Aug 13 2008 	Rooms Way Too Small	The rooms at the Mosser (and we stayed in a room with its own private bathroom) are extraordinarily small. You literally bang into the phone on the wall every time your try to get into the closet.Also the sink which is not located in the bathroom is so badly designed that you risk knocking yourself out on the protruding glass shelf above everytime you wash your face.We also had a problem with a stuffed toilet -- which is pretty embarrassing to begin with -- it only got worse when we had to call the front desk twice to get someone to fix it.Also at check-in the staff is trying to be so &quot;cool&quot; that they come across as downright cold.If you are staying alone - the room could work -- with another person way too small.	
Aug 13 2008 	Good accomodation for reasonable price	The Mosser is well located near the Union Square and easy to get from the airport by using the BART train (Station Saint Powell).The advantages of the hotel are as follows:+ central location (near Union Square, Shopping Center and cable car station (Saint Powell, however there are always many tourists standing in a row))+ rooms and the public bathrooms on the floor are very clean+ there is nearly no noise+ TV in room + the rate was okay (very cheap for a hotel in the heart of San Francisco)There is one big disadvantage:- room is very small (not bigger than a shoe box) and there is nearly no space for your luggageThat's why the Mosser is interesting for people who prefer to discover San Francisco than to stay in the hotel.	
Aug 11 2008	Great Hotel	What a great hotel, finally someone who caters for the single traveller who wants a clean room at a reasonable price! Everything was efficient, the staff friendly and i never had to queue for the bathroom or toilet. I was on the 8th floor so i think it was quieter than on the lower floors. I would definitely go back as the single room was just big enough and the location is so central. Highly recommended!	
Aug 7 2008 	Ok but not as great as expected	I stayed at The Mosser for a few days, July 30 - August 1st, for a conference. I didn't want to pay Marriot (right accross the street) prices, so I stayed at The Mosser instead. I read the reviews on this site and did some research and it seemed like a great little place and the location was great. After reading the reviews on the great service from the staff, I expected the best. Unfortunately, I didn't get it. I checked in around 4:00 p.m. and the girl at check in barely gave me any information for the hotel (she didn't tell me the check out time which ruined my Saturday plans). I was given my key and left to fend on my own. The room itself was great, I was travelling on my own so I didn't need much space, which you really don't get here. I reserved a Deluxe so I had my own bathroom/shower -- room 417. The view is pretty much nothing, you just get to look into another guests room, but I pretty much knew this so I didn't really mind, just be careful to shut those blinds! The best was fine, the room was clean, the fan/lights were fine, the tv was great though reception could have been better. One major problem is the paper thin walls -- you will hear everything your neighbors say and do! I could hear whole conversations of the couple next door (even belching), which really sucks when they stumble in to their room at 3:43 am. I didn't spend very much time in my room during the day since I was site seeing, but one great thing about The Mosser is location -- its in the middle of everything. The trains/trolley are less than a block away, and there's plenty of shopping around the area, though most of the stores are pretty expensive (typical San Francisco). One warning: don't ask the bell hop for directions, he pointed me the wrong way when I asked and ended up walking a mile to find my way! The coffee and muffins in the morning were fine, well stocked and saved me on breakfast. I had a great time in San Francisco, would I stay at The Mosser again? I would, but I would explore other options. I would probably stay at The Palomar right next door, who had great service whenever I walked by. Have fun!	
Aug 5 2008 	Awesome budget hotel! Great location!	The Mosser is a fantastic little hotel close to Union Square. For the price, I can't imagine finding anything better in such a great location. The rooms are small, well kept, and modern. Very simple, but stylish. The restrooms and showers are located in the hallway. It's a very peaceful and relaxing place to stay. Worth much more than you'll be paying!	
Jul 30 2008	Loved price 	My husband &amp; I spent 6 nights at The Mosser in San Francisco - it's a moderate hotel in Union Square area - very handy to get the tram or bus down to Fisherman's Wharf. We had a queen room (the bed was very good &amp; comfy) - very small without a bathroom, (our choice as cheap) but there was a sink in the room. Bathroom &amp; Toilet down the hall - both very clean &amp; never had to wait to use them. They also have larger rooms with bathrooms for people who want to pay more.There was a breakfast in the reception area - delicious muffins &amp; great coffee, &amp; you could fill up a take-out container with a lid &amp; take it with you too.It was cold while we were there, but the hotel was centrally heated &amp; very comfortable.The staff were friendly &amp; very helpful with tourist info, particularly John at reception - he was charming.I'd definately stay there again &amp; recommend it to anyone looking for a reasonably priced, clean, centrally located hotel in San Fran.who wants to fill their tummies before sightseeing!	
Jul 30 2008 	The Mosser a great place to stay downtown	My daugher and I recently stayed one night at The Mosser in San Francisco in order to attend a baseball game and do some sightseeing in the downtown area. From the website it sounded like a great place, more boutique than typical chain hotel. After having some difficulty navigating the confusing one way/no left turn streets in the area, we managed to find 4th Street and quickly park with the valet service. Once inside, I was happy to see its small size and quiet lobby, staff were helpful. The room was on the small side, but had everything we needed and was clean, efficiently layed out and even hip. The bathroom was tight space wise, but manageable - a coffee maker would've been nice in the room, but there was nowhere it could go. We did have some questions about services (drink machines, check out time, etc.) that I had to ask the front desk about, but other than that our stay was very comfortable. I didn't hear any noise during the night either from the hallway or adjoining rooms, it was great not to have doors slamming, loud voices, etc., as in most hotels. I would definitely recommend this hotel, it is in a good location for shopping, entertainment and close to public transportation and gives a more European feel than a typical American hotel - more intimate and low key.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great location a fairly-priced gem in San Francisco	We loved the Mosser. A perfect location near transit and attractions. This hotel is friendly, non-pretentious, and extremely well-maintained. We booked the suite with private baths, but were impressed with the appeal of the shared baths as well. We'll visit here again.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great location tiny room	The Mosser is less than 30 mins from the San Francisco airport, and less than 30 secs from shopping and coffee on Market Street. Union Square, the major shopping area with loads of restaurants, is within 5 minutes' walk. In short, great location. You can get most of what you need as a traveler, be it shops, food, entertainment, and transportation. It's convenient location, however, also means it's on an extremely busy spot. The noise at night can be annoying, if you are a light sleeper or have jet lag like us. We could hear clearly people on the street, traffic and the occasional sirens. The room we had was more a shoe-box with a small double bed. We could barely move around our room with the 2 big suitcases we were travelling with for our 2-week vacation. The bathroom was literally the size to fit in the tub and the toilet. The sink was stuck in a corner in the room; and it's the smallest sink one can ever imagine. We chose The Mosser because it was right across our rental car pick-up point, and the price was right. It was only a quick 2-night stay before we moved on to drive around Northern California, so we were ok with it. I won't really recommend it if you are planning for a longer stay; unless if you plan to shop till you drop and party hard everyday. (You won't really notice the size of the room or the noise if you are dead tired...)	
Jul 25 2008 	I liked the Mosser	The Mosser is a very clean, comfortable, friendly, attractive hotel that's in a great location in San Francisco. It's also inexpensive. The only drawbacks - which are no secret - are that the rooms are small (although very well arranged) and the bathrooms are shared (or at least mine was). If you're OK with that, definitely stay at the Mosser.	
Jul 15 2008 	Glad I found The Mosser!	I stayed at The Mosser for four nights in June 2008. It's been my home away from home as a single traveler in San Francisco since I found it about five years ago. The location is ideal, just off Market Street a few blocks from Union Square -- BART, buses, trolleys and cable cars all nearby. The hotel is in an old building with high ceilings, is very clean and well-maintained, and is simply but pleasantly furnished yet has everything I need. The staff without exception have been pleasant and professional, helpful, and just plain nice. I choose to stay in the &quot;shared bath&quot; rooms, and that has been no problem. The rooms are not large. The shared bath single might feel a bit cramped if you plan to spend much time in the hotel -- in that case, go for the shared queen -- but I'm in town to experience the city, not the hotel, and just need a clean, quiet place to sleep and shower. I'm not a fan of big American motel chain rooms. The Mosser is much more comfortable and pleasant! This is a hotel that puts the emphasis on the things that matter. I'm glad I found it.	
Jul 9 2008 	It was awsome	I stayed at the Mosser during July 4th weekend it was nice.lets start: the price was not bad at all. We got a nice clean room with are own bathroom which was really nice since they do have the share bathroom/like hostel too. Any how the place was super clean every where. the place looks kind of not expected too much from the outside. However when you open the door to this palce you are blown away. the people are nice and it is kind of real homey. I arrived early at 11am before checkin which is at 3pm. They had a room avaliable and the let me go ahead and check in, which was fantastic. I was so totally not thinking i would beable to heck in until 3pm. I was very happy. the room was small. we took the stairs alot because the elevator was slow,but it does work.In the morning thay have complimentary muffins andcoffee/tea which is really nice. In the night it was pretty quite when we put the window down. we had a nice breeze for the most part and if we needed more air we just put on the fan.This hotel is really convienent we were close to everything. We werer in walking distance to sf moma. The F cable car that took us too fishermans wharf . It was really easy to catch with all the information we received from Tameka. We were also right next to the MUNI transportation. There was the mall down the street which was awsome to go to. John was very helpful too with directions. On the latest updates Tim gave us a lot of information. The peole were really nice, they made you feel like you were on vacation and always very helpfull with all my odd questions. Fast and easy check out.This Hotel made my trip to San Fran a really great one. I would reccomend this hotel to everyone.	
Jul 3 2008 	I'd stay at the Mosser again	Since I was traveling alone to San Francisco, the Mosser was perfect for my needs. I stayed in Room 314, a single room with shared bath. While small, the room was certainly adequate for my needs, clean and with a very comfortable twin bed. The men's toilet was just two doors down, and the bath/shower room right around the corner. I never had to wait to use either one.The Mosser underwent a total renovation not long ago, and the guy at the front desk told me they'll soon be replacing all the TVs and hall carpets. I liked how they retained many of the old touches of this vintage building, while making the rooms look modern.I booked through the hotel website, and got very good rates. I was there four nights, checking in on the 26th and checking out on the 30th. The rates varied by day, but averaged about $108 per night, including all taxes and fees. In San Francisco, this is a screaming bargain, considering the location. It's just steps from Market Street and all the bus and train lines. The Metreon and Moscone Center are a block away. Since the Pride Parade went down Market Street on Sunday, there couldn't have been a better location to watch the fun.The staff was cordial and helpful, and there was a basket of apples at the front desk most of the time. In the morning, tea, coffee and muffins were available for free.There's not much I could criticize about the Mosser. I found it to be generally quiet (my room faced an alley, not busy 4th Street) and since I wore earplugs my sleep wasn't disturbed by any hall noises. The lack of any dresser space was a bit of a problem, so incorporating drawers into the platform of the bed would be a good way to solve that. Also, the light from the hallway shone into the room at night, the wooden blinds over the transom not completely shutting it out. But these are small things compared to the overall experience.In sum, the Mosser was an excellent value in a perfect location for exploring downtown San Francisco. I'd definitely book it again if I was traveling alone. Since I didn't see any of the larger rooms, I can't offer an opinion on them.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great place to stay	I stayed at The Mosser on 3 separate ocassions for 2-4 nights in May/June 2008. It has an excellent location - on Fourth Street, within a block of Mason/Powell cable car and the Powell Street BART stop (great for getting to and from the SFO airport); just round the corner from the F-line (which goes down to the Embarcadero and Fishermans Wharf), and within a block of SF Museum of Modern Art. On two of the visits I varied my length stay at short notice and was able to get the same room for extra days. I loved the decor of the rooms - clean and modern style - none of the fussy, floral / cottagey stuff! There was also great service at the front desk. A bonus was being able to book a reliable shuttle to the airport directly with the hotel - this is much better than having to deal with SuperShuttle, who require 24hrs notice and for the customer to book via a 1-800 number, and they sometimes do not arrive on time...I would definitely stay there again!	
Jul 1 2008 	Beautiful Hotel	I loved staying in this hotel. Not only was it a great deal for being smack-dab in the middle of downtown, the rooms were clean, the staff friendly and extremely helpful. My boyfriend and I had one of the shared-bath rooms. It was small, but the bed was extremely comfortable and the room clean. Lots of nice little amenities were provided, like (nice) razors and a bathrobe. There was a sink in the room, which was really convenient. The TV was pretty tiny, but there was so much to do that we only spent an hour our last night watching it. I never had to wait for the lavatory or the showers. The front desk attendant who checked us in was continuously helpful; we asked a few times for restaurant recommendations and were quite pleased each time. I have stayed in similar &quot;historic budget&quot; hotels that weren't half as nice as The Mosser. If I go to San Francisco again, that is definitely where I will stay.	
Jun 27 2008 	loved it!	I can't say enough good things about the Mosser. I'd be very, very surprised if there was anywhere else in SF that offered such good value for money, such an amazing location and such consistently good customer service. Like others have pointed out, the rooms are small but they're spotless and very well designed. The location is superb - very safe compared to just a few blocks further down the road (I had friends staying on 7th St off Market and the difference was marked) and also within walking distance of just about everything you'll need. The service was exceptional (I also stayed at the Whitcomb - avoid! - and the Hilton - so, so) and the little touches, like the free muffins and coffee for breakfast, very welcome. I can't fault it and I'll definitely be staying there the next time I'm in SF. It's a no-brainer, people - book it!	
Jun 24 2008 	Wish I was back in San Fran	I booked one night at The Mosser for my husband's 27th birthday. When we checked in, the staff was super nice and continued to be so throughout our stay. We stayed in a deluxe queen room on the 7th floor-- and we loved it! I would def stay in the Mosser again! The bed was comfy. I really loved how the decor was modern. After staying in Motel 6s and in Paris for our honeymoon, I was prepared for the small rooms -- and I didn't think it was too small at all. Who wants to pay more $$ for wasted room space? The only thing I regret is that I didn't wake up early enough to sample the free muffins in the lobby (available 7 -10 a.m).	
Jun 24 2008 	Great Stay...Great Price	This was an inexpensive hotel with a very professional staff. The rooms are very tiny but clean and trendy. Our room had a sink and no bathroom. The shared toilets and bathroom were always open and extremely clean. The bed was SUPER comfortable. The tavern next door was great too.	
Jun 13 2008 	A Hidden Gem!	I've always wanted to go to San Francisco - But refuse to pay $300 a night for a hotel room! I found The Mosser here on Trip Advisor. Read the reviews, and thought &quot;Okay. This place looks good.&quot;I went for a single bed, shared bath. I was only traveling with myself, so I really didn't care about the size of the room. The location of the hotel is great! It's at the intersection of 4th and Market. You can catch the MUNI or BART around the corner on Market Street. One suggestion I have is the MUNI passport. You can buy them at the information desk at SFO by the baggage claim. Or you can get them at the streetcar turnaround at Market and Powell. The lineup here is quite long, so I recommend the airport. I got the 3 day pass for $18 and that was a STEAL considering it's $5 one way on the street car. And who doesn't want to ride a streetcar while in San Francisco?In regards to earlier posts - Yes, the hallways are noisy depending upon the day. I was there for 3 nights and the only night I had a lot of noise was Saturday night. The showers and bathrooms were spotless. If they're inuse when you need one, just walk up to another floor. I stayed on the 6th floor, but often used the showers on the 7th and 8th floor. The coffee and muffins downstairs for breakfast were great. I would often grab a coffee to go as I headed out to tour around the city. If you love great coffee - Check out Blue Bottle Coffee. They do brunch on Sundays. SO good! The Belgian waffle :) They're on Mint St, at the intersection of Mint and Jessie. It's off of 5th Street, in back of the US mint. You'll have to search for it. It's somewhat hidden. I actually bought coffee to bring home with me. It was that good! There's a Walgreens around the corner on Market. I stopped here to pick up some bottled water and snacks for later in the evenings. One thing about booking - Use the calendar on the hotel website to check out the Average Daily Rate. Then on the bottom of the screen, select &quot;Promotional Rates.&quot; I selected the &quot;Park and Shop&quot; and actually got a cheaper rate than the Average Daily Rate.If I ever get back to San Francisco, I will definitely stay at The Mosser.	
Jun 13 2008 	straighforward and comfortable	I booked online at the hotel website. I arrived very early for check in and my room was free so they let me in! The location is central and safe. There are good food and drink options nearby. They do free coffee and muffins in the foyer in the morning. I ate in the bistro next door which was quite nice. The rooms are tiny. The TV is tiny. I used the shared bathroom option was is fine. Air flow and temperature in the room was hot/cold but I find this a problem wherever I stay anyway. I'd recommend this hotel and would stay there again!	
Jun 13 2008 	Good Hotel for the Budget Traveler	I stayed here about two weeks ago, and I must say I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was friendly and helpful. My room was clean and comfortable. The shared showers and toilets were very clean as well. The hotel is also in a very good location that is close to tourist attractions and public transportation. My trips to and from the airport were only 30 minutes long via BART. I would definitely recommend this place to friends and family.	
Jun 11 2008 	Mosser Excellent Value!	Stayed recenty to attend a Giant's game. Didn't want to spend alot of dough and chose the Mosser. I'm originally from the City and have known of the Mosser (especially the dive hotel it was back in the 1980's). What a transformation! It's a beautifully designed, well appointed and friendly staffed hotel. The employees are very helpful and knowledgeble (overheard a desk clerk explaining our California Mission system to a foreigner), though not overly solicitous (with hand out). The location is perfect. Bus to the ballpark is right in front. Excellent restaurants within walking distance; the Metreon for movies. The MOMA around the corner and of course, Dave's Bar on 3rd...best beer deals in town; always has the game on and a great Juke box! Rooms are small, but perfect for what a busy or active traveler needs. Our room had a small chair that had a swing table on the arm and a foot rest that slid out, perfect for working on the laptop. Flat screen TV, dvd and stereo. The &quot;famous&quot; one on Nob Hill doesn't even offer that! We definately will return; we get up to the city often and have found a new &quot;pad&quot; in the Mosser. I'll recommend it to everyone heading to the City. The &quot;better&quot; hotels should take notice! Mosser, Great job!!	
Jun 11 2008 	Love the Mosser!	My husband and I have stayed here numerous times on business trips. It is a great location, very accessible to all areas of the city and activities, impeccably furnished, and makes great use of its smaller sized rooms in a beautiful old Victorian building. The bar restaurant and staff are just as fantastic. Finally, it's priced very reasonably, costing much less than chain hotels with far less attractive rooms and atmospheres. And, in the meantime, you're in a bustling area of downtown with lots of nice local bars, restaurants, and stores nearby- instead of stranded out on Fisherman's Wharf with all the tourists and overpriced mediocre food. A great little boutique-style place.	
Jun 7 2008 	As a single parent would definately stay there again!!!	My son (7yrs) and I went on our first trip to the San Fran and stayed at the Mosser. I was amazed at how comfortable and clean it was considering the price. We had one room with a double bed which although compact provided all we needed. Using the shared bathroom and toilets was never a problem and they were always clean. Staff were great and informative. Very close to get the tram to the wharf. Also spent every morning just around the corner at Mel's dinner for breakfast which was yum. Was not disturbed by noise inside or outside the hotel. Would recommend to anyone on a budget who is just looking for clean, good priced accommodation in san fran. Good place for single/couple travellers or other fellow single parents!! Would stay there again :)	
Jun 7 2008 	You'll feel at home at the Mosser	I don't know why I have not stayed at this hotel before. From the moment that I arrived at the front door of this hotel, conveniently located on 4th Street in San Francisco, I was met with great customer service and a welcoming attitude. Michael, the valet, was very helpful in arranging parking accomodations for my car and handling the luggage. I noticed that he took extra time to advise other guests about directions to specific locations that they wanted to visit. The front counter personnel were also very helpful with visitors out of town that were looking for sites to see and the best way to get around.This is an older hotel that has been updated where updating was necessary but has kept it's charm and architecture from years past. The appointments in the room are very modern with flat screen LCD television, nice lighting fixtures, fan, double pane windows that actually open, and a great use of limited space.The hotel has complimentary coffee, tea and muffins in the hotel lobby every morning, which is a very nice way to start your day. The hotel is right next to a great newer shopping center (Westfield) and many other shopping attractions and restaurants.Overall, this hotel is a great value and I will definately stay there again. I recommend it highly to anyone looking for a convenient and cost-saving place to stay when visiting San Francisco.	
Jun 4 2008 	Friendly in all aspects	I just have spent wonderfull 6 days in this hotel,which is in walking distance of most of the tourist attractions, like cable car, Union Square, China Town and all major stores. You don't need to have a car when you stay here. Public transport stops at your doorstep.I was travelling alone and the staff of the hotel was more than helpful towards me. They always took the time to answer my questions.In the morning there is coffee and muffins available in the lobby; and next door there is bar/bistro/restaurant Anabelle, by the same owner. Food is excellent. Sometimes they have private parties and serve only bar menu, but that is excellent as well.&quot;An apple a day keeps the doctor away&quot; is a nice gesture towards the guests: apples are always free to take from the lobby.The room I had was not big, but comfortable and there was everything in it I could possibly need ,the television was not just a TV but a HD flat screen on the wall (in my room at least) and for the first time (during all the years that I have travelled) there was a CD/DVD player in the room. Bravo!I certainly can recommend this hotel to single travellers (and others of course)! I'll tell my travelagent in Holland also about my excellent experience and the more than friendly staff-members of the hotel.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great little place - awesome location	My husband and I stayed for one night at The Mosser recently. It's a boutique style hotel in a renovated old building located at Market and 4th in San Fransisco.When we arrived (early) our room was not quite ready so we were upgraded to a queen bed, which was awesome. All the staff were really nice and friendly, check in/out was very efficient.The rooms are definitely small but are really well designed and if you don't need a lot of space the place is ideal because it is super clean, the bed is comfy and room rates are really good. Windows are double so the city noise is not too bad.This hotel was recommended to us by a friend and and will stay again next time we are in the city.	
Jun 1 2008 	just right hotel with good design sense	The Mosser offers great value with well designed rooms that have been updated recently. The lobby is also pleasant and staff are helpful. Rooms are small (think Paramount in NY), but the decor is clean and modern so it works.location is south of market - good for downtown business and right at a Bart station.	
May 29 2008 	Very nice. Loved it.	My husband and I celebrated our anniversary and decided to try the Mosser. To our delight it was very nice and clean. The rooms were small but I didn't expect they would be huge. Regardless, we were very comfy and relaxed. The staff seemed reserved, professional, and friendly. They seemed to enjoy their job enough to make you feel comfortable. If you want fancy dancy and snobby go somewhere else. We found the Mosser wonderful and extremely relaxing even with the window open and the noise below.We took Caltrain from Sunnyvale and walked to the hotel, only 12 minutes. It took less then 5 minutes to the cable cars. We had diner very late at one of the jazz clubs nereby and enjoyed the relaxing atmosphere very much and the fact that are hotel was a few minutes away was great. My husband and I want to come back for our next anniversary and stay longer. We loved it.	
May 28 2008 	spare neat and nicest staff	This hotel is not for folks looking for luxury and pampering, but it is a wonderful value for the price and had the nicest staff I've encountered in a while.	
May 26 2008 	great value but noisy halls	The location is the absolute best part of staying there. You don't have to manuever through throngs of crowds to leave or return to the hotel like you do with some of the more higher end hotels in union square. It is very close to public transportation and in walking distance to a lot of great places such as the Metreon, California Center and union Square. The staff was very professional, accomodating and knowledgeable about SF. I stayed in a room w/ a queen size bed and private bath, which was comparable in size with similar rooms in the city. My room faced the front but the street noise was hardly noticable. The only reason I give it a neutral rating is because the hall noise was distracting. Noise traveled across the hall from the opposite hotel room. It was very much like staying in a dorm. I stayed on a holiday weekend so that may have contributed to the noise factor, The staff sent security once which made a big difference but other guests in other rooms seemd to have started making noise once the others were told to be quiet. This is not a place for light sleepers . If you are a heavy sleeper or are willing to trade off quietness for good value then this is the place to stay. I'm sure earplugs or headphones would help to.	
May 23 2008 	You will love your stay at the Mosser.	Centrally located -BART, a block away-20 minutes to Oaklandfor $ 6.50.Front desk-Professional, courteous, efficient and know the 'City'The Hotel is spotless-looks like it was painted yesterday. Rooms are comfortable and Very Quiet!Complimentary coffee and muffins-The best coffee you are going to get in any hotel!It doesn't get any better than this-Rate it 5 out of a possible 5! I'll be back!Mack FossOgden Ut.	
May 23 2008	What a great find!	My husband and I stayed at The Mosser after reviewing hotels through hotels.com. We found this place to be a gem. The staff was always warm and welcoming. Our room was clean and cozy. We must also rave about their restaurant and bar, Annabell's. Wine selection was fantastic and the food was exceptional. Even had a chance to meet the chef. Price was great and we were right in the heart of the city! We look forward to another stay next time we travel to San Francisco. J &amp; S Suckling	
May 20 2008 	Great location	Myself and my husband stayed at the Mosser on the final leg of our roadtrip, we opted for this budget hotel and were very impressed. Check in and out was easy, the rooms were nice, and the location was excellent. A really really good value hotel, with perfect city location.	
May 14 2008 	Perfect location	Awesome hotel for the budget traveler. My friend and I chose a room with s bathroom--I would not travel any other way. We got a room with a double bed and it was very, very small. However, it was such a cute place and the location was perfect that it made up for it. For the traveler that just wants a place to throw your bags down and spends most of their time out anyway--this is the place to go!! p.s. Our first night was on the second floor by a bar that was very noisy at night. We changed rooms to the top floor and slept fine the second night.	
May 9 2008 	The Best Place to stay in San Francisco	Every time I have a trip to San Francisco I immediately think of the Mosser Hotel and book my reservation there. The staff is very courtesy and professional. The muffins and coffee in the morning are just what is needed to start my day of right. I would highly recommend the Mosser to anyone. David	
May 8 2008 	Small but convenient	Room was smaller than expected, but bed was comfortable. Noise travels VERY freely from the hallway outside – my room was opposite the ice machine and the noise was irritating. Had a shared bathroom, but it was close to my room and I never had to wait to use it. Location is great – steps away from Market St and the BART station and a couple of blocks from Union Square. They do offer mediocre coffee and muffins in the morning, but it’s nothing to get excited about. Generally happy with my stay but not blown away.	
May 5 2008 	nice little room	I stayed there 2 nights with my girlfriend visiting San Francisco. The hotel's location is great, just some steps from Union Square, BART Station, Market Street.The building is very nice and the lobby is beautiful. A new elevator has just been installed.I had booked a deluxe double room, which was VERY small, even for European standards -- I think the &quot;deluxe&quot; definition comes from the HUGE tv screen, which we did not use since we were there for visiting the city! The room had a nice &quot;design&quot; bed and a flower was put on the bed every day. It was generally clean but I would not walk barefoot on the floor.Muffins and coffee in the lobby for breakfast, free biologic apples in the afternoon. Young people in the staff are very friendly and helpful.All in all, a pleasant stay at a moderate price.	
May 2 2008 	Very impressed with The Mosser	We spent five nights at The Mosser in San Francisco, this March, and it was one of the most pleasant hotel experiences that I've had. The Mosser is a beautifully presented hotel, within walking distance of almost everything you'd want to see in San Francisco. The rooms are small but well equipped and excellently maintained. The staff are friendly and helpful, no matter what time of day or night. A light breakfast of coffee and muffins is set out in the main lobby each day, and there's always a bowl of fruit to help yourself to on the front desk (a nice change, when you've spent a week indulging in Disneyland snacks in Anaheim!). Although the hotel is close to many, varied, restaurants, including China town, the hotel restaurant itself (Anabelle's) had fantastic food...and coming from Melbourne, I'm pretty biased! On the whole, a great place to stay to explore San Francisco and to get well looked after by people that know the city well.	
May 1 2008 	Great Hotel for the price	After reading the reviews before going on my trip, I was a bit wary, but my opinion changed once I got onto the property. The lobby is beautifully (perhaps my taste) decorated in Victorian style. The room was small, but adequate. Coming from Manhattan, I thought the space was good. My friend and I booked a deluxe room with 2 twin beds, which means that we had our own bathroom. We both weren't feeling well when we arrived. (Thanks, AA :S) We rested for a while before we walked to fisherman's wharf. We're New Yorkers - we walked! All the tours were done by that time, but we did by a bottle of wine on our way back. We mixed our wine with juice and cut up our fruit (we packed fruits due to no food on our flight) and soaked it to make sangria while we went out for a burrito. Our sangria was perfect when we returned. Perfect for putting us to bed. We had muffins (complimentary) and coffee the next morning and checked out. We checked our luggage in storage and explored San Francisco until we traveled to our next destination. We left the luggage at the hotel for 12 hours, and had no problems retrieving them. Our room cost 119.00 plus tax and my friend and I divided it by 2 so it came out to about the same as a shared room. We had a pleasant stay, slept with the window's open and had no problems whatsoever. We didn't take any pictures of the room, sorry! Drunk people should not operate cameras. . .	
May 1 2008 	Smart very smart	What a gem at Fourth and Market Street, in the heart of San Francisco! I stayed at the Mosser for one night at the start of a business trip in mid-April and will definitely come back. Helpful staff, fascinating architecture, modernist room furnishings, great location.The Mosser is steps from the upscale Westfield shopping center with its gourmet food court and organic supermarket (you can even enter Bloomingdale’s directly from the small side street that runs beside the hotel). Not even 20 metres from the hotel’s front door is vibrant Market Street with shops on either side, streetcars running down the middle and the MUNI and airport-connected BART train lines underground. To get from the airport to the Mosser Hotel, take the BART train line at SFO International Terminal A or G ($5.35 one way) and you’re at Powell Street station within 20 minutes. Exit the station and walk past the picturesque Powell Street cable car turntable where cable cars get spinned around at the end of their route, and in literally 3 minutes you’re in the lobby of the Mosser without generating even an ounce of extra carbon footprint.My queen bedroom on the 5th floor was a modernist delight, in curious but interesting juxtaposition with the ornate early 20th century décor of the lobby and hallways. The room dimensions are very small, in the European tradition, but we as a society are too wasteful with space, energy and water anyway, so it was great to experience a hotel without the bloat. I was suitably impressed with small details like modern low-volume flush toilets and energy-conscious task lighting. The heating is radiator-driven in the old fashioned way, with control knobs on the side of the radiator, but given the small room dimensions heating is pretty rapid. San Francisco’s cool oceanside temperatures make air conditioning seem wastefully frivolous – just open the sash windows and the room cools quite nicely.I loved the grand old elevator with its ornate steel facades on every floor. There is only one elevator, which may seem like an inconvenience for an 8-floor hotel, but that’s where the true delight of staying at the Mosser becomes evident – walking up and down the elegant stairs taking in the superb natural light throughout and the rich architectural details of every floor. The beautifully carved wooden banister of the stairway opposite the lobby is particularly noteworthy.The rooms do not have an ironing board or iron, but room service was very quick in bringing them and taking them away. Wi-fi internet was reliable enough even for videoconferencing, and I was able to use my existing roaming account – Boingo, T-Mobile and many others are offered. You can also buy access on a per-day basis directly.The only bad thing about my trip was not staying at the Mosser for longer. I left the hotel feeling that I had received excellent value for my Canadian business travel dollar and that the hotel was right on the mark for the new generation of environmentally responsible travelers.	
May 1 2008 	Convenience 	I attended a medical conference right across the street at the Marriott, I was closer to the conference rooms than the attendees who were on the upper floors of the Marriott. The Mosser was recently remodeled, they kept the best of the old, &amp; added all sorts of new things compacted into the rooms in a way that they didn't seem to subtract from the limited space. I noticed &amp; loved all of the little details that they added, since I had stayed there years ago by myself when I was at another conference. There was a full bath &amp; plenty of hot water. We had a sense of privacy, it was quiet in spite of being right downtown. My husband is disabled, but we were so close we were able to walk just a few blocks to the Embarcadero, farmer's market, Union square, cable cars, Moscone center, Museum of Modern Art and a multi movie complex, not even 1/2 block away! We found handicap parking right on the street, but they offered 24 hour valet service for a reasonable price. The staff could not have been more helpful, they were friendly &amp; inviting. And on top of everything it was spotlessly clean, I wasn't afraid to sit on the bedcover or walk on the carpet without my shoes. We will stay there again.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great location nice trendy decor small rooms	Stayed six days on a business trip. Small rooms, but very nice fittings. Stayed in corner room and had nice side view on the street. The Mosser is right downtown, very good location and walking distance to all sightseeing, convention center, restaurants and shopping.Value for money and would definitely stay again.	
Apr 26 2008	Great hotel great location	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Mosser hotel for 2 nights. We booked the room with a shared bathroom and were slightly worried about it until we saw it. The bathroom was beautiful and absolutely spotless. The room was very clean and comfortable and had a sink in it which was very convenient. The hotel is close (walking distance) to the Cable car station and it's location is convenient if you plan on visiting the major SF attractions. They serve coffee, tea and delicious muffins in the lobby for breakfast! The parking was vallet for about $33 a day and our car was always ready within about 20 minutes after we requested it. Great hotel, nice people!!!	
Apr 18 2008	Exclusive hotel feeling with shoestring budget prices	The hotel was listed as a semi-hostal which scared me because I have never stayed in a hostal. As it turned out, the hotel was beautiful and the staff gave 5-star service. The entire hotel was immaculate.to include the community hall bathroom stall and community single room/stall shower And, I was able to stay in the heart of San Francisco, Union Square, for less than $70 a night! The room was small, but plenty big enough for one person, two if you were a couple. For those who have traveled to Europe....the room was the same size you would get in one of the more premier hotels. The bathroom was all granite tile and so was the shower room. I will definitely go back and I would definitely recommend it to any of the solo travelers!	
Apr 13 2008	Disappointing	The hotel is clean enough but the rooms are absolutely tiny. You can barely move in it. The TV is fixed onto the bed and as such I kept kicking it at night. Too expensive for what it's worth. Location is not that bad but there are loads of bums going around. No AC, just a noisy fan. The offer of a bag with a condom and sex lube was a bit awkward.	
Apr 11 2008 	What a great location at a reasonable price.	The Mosser was a great pick for 2 without children. Right in the middle of downtown San Francisco. The two of us were in a double bed/shared bathroom, and it was perfect. We went to San-Fran to do a little sight seeing and experience the life of the city. If that is what your doing and don't plan to stay in the room a whole day, this place is for you. The bathrooms were kept very clean, cleaned twice a day. Check in went smooth and quick as did the check out. They were helpful getting shuttle service to the airport.There is nothing I can complain about this hotel. It is in a great location and the price was unbeatable for being right where you want to be when on vacation. near shopping, great restaurants. Not even a 1/2 block away from the BART system and bus stops.	
Apr 10 2008 	Look beyond the surface	The Mosser is in a central location to the main shopping district and has a gorgeous lobby, but once you get past those things it has a lot of problems. I had a room with a private bath (the others share small bathrooms on each floor) but the room was tiny. I barely had enough room for my suitcase to lie down. But I was not there to spend time in the room so you could cope with that if that was the only problem. The staff are rude ad arrogant and when asking reasonably simple things you get quite an attitude. During my stay my electronic key deactiviated. After trying it several times i returned to the front desk to request assistance and the front desk clerk just gave me a look and said &quot;well did you try it slowly?&quot; which I did not feel was an appropriate response. Also, this place is noisy. My room overlooked an alley where I am pretty sure everyone in San Fran parked their motorcycles so all night you were irritated by the noise of motorcycles coming and going. Also, the staff seem to run the place. Everytime I tried to catch the lift it was held on floors or full of cleaning/maintenance staff who just kind of look at you when you want to use the lift. They need to pull their staff in line. But overall, not terrible for the price if you are on a budget. Just pack earplugs.	
Apr 9 2008	Small and quirky but a great bargain	Overall, the Mosser is a good little hotel, in an outstanding location. Anything else in the Union Square area is far, far more expensive. Just remember that you do get what you pay for. The room I was in was absolutely tiny. I knew it was going to be small, but I was rather unprepared for the size. The photo which shows the platform bed is basically a photo of the entire room. A little bit of floor space, a small closet, and a sink is about all you get. Interestingly enough, the tv is mounted on the wall above the sink, though it makes watching tv in bed easy and comfortable. However, the hotel offers savings on bookings of a week or longer and I ended up paying only $50 a night for the room. Moreover, everything was very clean, tidy and comfortable. It was well worth the money, particularly in terms of location. It is just feet from the Market Street streetcar line, a minute's walk to the all-important cable car terminus, and a very brief stroll to Union Square, major shops, and SFMoMA. This is a good deal for a room and the location is wonderful.	
Apr 8 2008 	Mosser is delightful!	Quaint, turn of Century decor; spotless; quiet; right in the middle of the action--shopping, restaurants, BART/Muni access. Super nice personnel. Great morning coffee spread. Only negative is no lobby (free) computers--internet access $10 in room. Traveled 60+ countries...one of the nicest i have stayed in. Don't be put off by shared bath rooms (a bath tub to die for!).	
Apr 7 2008 	Great hotel in San Francisco	I stayed at the MOSSER in March for 5 days. I absolutely loved it. It is perfectly located in the middle of everything about a block from Union square. On one corner, you have Yerba Gardens. On the other, you are on Market Street and you have access to public transportation. You are about 1 5 minute walk to Chinatown. The hotel itself is great. The rooms are small but really clean and really boutiquey. I like the charm of the hotel. All the staff is wonderful. You might feel a little crammed in te room, but it gives you the feel of the city. I need to go back in December and I am definitely staying at this place. Also, I was lucky to find a deal for under 100 by booking through otel.com.	
Mar 28 2008	PLEASANT EXPERIENCE	I have just returned from a one-night stay at The Mosser, San Francisco. The hotel is extremely centrally located in the heart of the shopping malls of San Francisco. Journey to big dperatments are just steps away. The service provided by the hotel staff is delightful and professional. I can never dream of having such experience from a non-5 star hotel. The hotel provided all relevant materials for a tourist: brouchures, magazines, newspapers and even complimentary breakfast. It even has a CD-radio player in the room. The room is well maintained, should be attributed to the hardworking housekeeper. I strongly recommend his hotel to any one, on business or leisure alike.	
Mar 27 2008 	Great location is all it has	We booked this hotel for 4 nights mainly due to the location. The reception staff were anything but friendly. This was the first part of a 2 month trip around America and I always thought Americans were meant to be helpful with the 'Have a nice day' attitude, but clearly it by passed the staff in this hotel.The room was quite small and clean, but not up to the standards I would have expected. The main thing this hotel had going for it was location and we spent most of out time out so only slept in the room anyway. We were close to Nob Hill, Union Square etc.	
Mar 19 2008 	Decent place...But not worth the money	I stayed at The Mosser on a Saturday night due to a friend was getting married at St. Patrick's Church nearby. It's a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel in the SOMA neighborhood (not far from Union Square) that occupies an old Victorian. The hotel is very attractive from the outside and the lobby. The neighborhood is definitely the plus to this hotel. You're paying for the privilege of staying in the area and not much more. In my research, I found The Mosser was one of the most reasonably priced hotel in the area, but it's still very expensive. The rooms are frighteningly small (and we have stayed at some European hotels with pretty small rooms), my husband and I were literally tripping over each other while we were getting ready. They try to make the most of the very small space by having a flat screen TV, no dresser, small end tables, no counter in the bathroom, etc... But there's only so much you can do when the room is very, very small to start with. The front desk people were very friendly, and we did appreciate that they let us check in early. The hotel's decor was modern and trendy, but carpets and bedding are showing some signs of wear and tear. It really comes down to value for me, and I think that it's just not worth it to pay the money to stay in this area. We stayed at a place in Cow Hollow/Marina District the night before, and the room was literally twice the size and half the price of our room at the Mosser. I would suggest if possible, stay somewhere else and cab it back and forth to SOMA or Union Square if you need to be there, you'll still have money left over at the end of the day.	
Mar 16 2008 	A Gem and a Bargain!	We stayed at The Mosser for 7 nights while husband attended conference.We had a queen deluxe room with a private bath. The per night had been $150 but when we extended stay from original 5 nights to 7 nights, the rate went down to $75 a night. I knew from reading reviews on here that the rooms were small and pretty basic, so we weren't expecting much more. We also knew that they had only coffee and muffins for breakfast and that Internet was $10 a day. Doing your &quot;homework&quot; keeps you from being surprised, I guess.But we were surprised - pleasantly so. Our room [#621] faced 4th Street, but with the double &quot;double&quot; windows, the room was not really noisy. You could hear street sounds, but at night, it was quiet enough so that sleep wasn't disturbed.The room had a bay window, but no window seat. We kept our suitcases in that area and they were out of the way. We had a flat screen tv which worked well.The room and bathroom were very clean and comfortable. The sink drain was a bit slow, but we managed. There were just 2 sets of towels, but that was ok too.The mattress was not a &quot;heavenly&quot; one, but we were comfortable. It was a mattress on a wooden platform, so it may not be what you are used to, but we slept okay on it. I asked for extra bedpillows and got them right away.The hairdryer didn't seem to be working on the first morning, and I told the front desk about it. They had someone come up to check on it within about 30 minutes. It was the working when he check it - apparently the GFI thingy had to be reset [I thought I had tried that].Staff was pleasant and we thought that we had gotten the deal of the century.We would happily stay again at The Mosser and we would recommend it without hesitation!	
Mar 10 2008 	Do Not Stay Here	the hotel is old and room are extremely basic! we did not even have a tv which caused problems later. The bathroom sink being in the bedroom was somewhat unusual. However, the view of the brick wall across from us was fantastic. When we checked out we left the hotel only to be called a few minutes later. They informed us that the TV was missing from the room. The cleaning lady had apparently seen it there the day before. Strange since neither of us had noticed it. We returned to the hotle where we had left our bags in the storage room. The deputy manager accused us of stealing the television. He was extremely rude. He kept us waiting for half an hour. Making us very late to the airport. He even threatened to call the police. I told him that this would be fine and would happily talk with them. In the end they gave us back our bags and didn't even apologize to us. If you are looking for some drama on your vacation then please stay here. Otherwise, find another hotel	
Mar 9 2008 	Better elsewhere	This hotel has excellent location - next to the convention center. But if you a tourist, you can select a different hotel at a better price!The hotel has tiny rooms, noisy hallway (wooden floor), and very expensive ($200+ for one night) for its size. Several rooms have a hollow vent pipe running outside the windows - making the low frequency noise all night. The internet is $10 per day. The free breakfast is muffin only, every single day.	
Feb 18 2008 	TINY rooms!	Being from Montana, I guess I'm used to more wide-open spaces! My husband and I stayed here for a conference he attended and we were pretty cramped. Not much room to move around once the luggage is on the floor - nowhere else to put it! The tiny corner sink was impossible to wash my face in. Great coffee and muffins in the morning, great location as it was close to shopping, eating, a neat little park and a great aquarium.	
Feb 3 2008 	Amazing deal wonderful stay	My first time visiting SF and my first time with a shared bathroom, which I was a bit nervous about. Everything was wonderful. Room was small but clean and lushly decorated, bathroom was always available and clean and well stocked. One of the showers on my floor was out of order during my stay, but I never had a problem getting access to the one shower that was available. Hotel is conveniently located to public transportation and despite being right off Union Square and on the 2nd floor, my room was very quiet. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and I ended up feeling like I had paid a bargain price for a luxury hotel. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 23 2008 	Made the right decision!	As a 28 year old female who was going to be spending a week in San Fran alone bofore my boyfriend came over, i was really worried about making the right choice of accommodation. I did think about staying in a hostel, but i like having the privacy of my own room and my creature comforts. Im really glad i chose the Mosser.Location: i couldnt work out properly from the previous review exactly where the Mosser was, but location wise it is excellent!!!To put into context, The Marriott is directly across the road.It is approx 20 metres to the bus stop/tram stop, a 5 minute stroll to Union square, Macys etc.. From my window at the back, i looked onto the back of Bloomingdales. Yerba Buena gardens are 2 minutes in the other direction which are lovely to stroll through and sit in. In this same area is the Metreon which had small shops, an exhibition hall (a da Vinchi exhibition was on while i was there) and a big cinema. There is also the Museum of Modern Art. You feel extremely safe walking around this area at night (even on my own) as its right in the middle of town and always very busy on the main streets.Just round the corner is the Westfield shopping centre (shopping mall) that had a fantastic food place downstairs that reminded me of a large scale Selfridges food hall (i cant remember the name of it). I never did pluck up the courage to eat in the hotel restaurant (just next door to the hotel) on my own, so this was great for my dinners.Rooms: In the week i was there alone, i stayed in a single room (804) with shared bathroom. As you can see from the photos, these were great. Quite small, but cosy and very clean. Sink in the room. Shower just across the hall and only once was this occupied when i went to use it. This was clean and gave lovely hot water (im a bit of a stickler for a good shower). Toilet was down the hall.On arrival there was a cute toiletries bag containing a razor, moisturiser and a little perfume sample on the sink which was a nice touch.The TV is fine, but dont bother with the email facility- really, really slow and so old, it couldnt bring up certain sites. Also, with the TV being up on the wall, i had to stand up to try and read what i had typed! Theres an internet shop round the corner you can use, or across the road at the Marriott, they have 'media rooms' downstairs that you can use.When my boyfriend arrived, we transferred to the standard double (room 815), which was really lovely. Initially we were going to stay at an upmarket, expensive hotel but Im glad we didnt bother spending a huge amount to stay elsewhere. Ive stayed in 5* hotels in Dubai and really dislike poor quality hotels, but the Mosser was just great. The rooms arent huge, but the doubles are by no means small. Just what you'd get in a UK hotel, which i suppose by american standards makes them small.I paid $69 per night for my single room (+$9.66 per night tax).For the double, we paid $112 (i think that was including tax),The staff are really lovely. The concierge was always friendly and asking how i was and helping direct me.There is no breakfast served but in the mornings you can get free tea, coffee and muffins from reception.Ooh, while i remember!- Book Alcatraz online before you go away. Its a great tour, well worth it, but its booked up at least a few days ahead in summer. I also did the Napa Valleys wine tour on my own (if i remember rightly it was about $70). I found it in the back of the San Francisco City Guide. It was a full day trip and really is a must do! (expect to be tipsy by 11am- they are very generous with their tasting measures).Also, when i went San Fran was in the middle of a hot spell. I was sweltering as i had packed fleeces and jeans expecting it to be cold, but you can see from the photos how hot it was.Right, i think thats everything. I tend to waffle, you can see why its taken me so long to get around to writing this.ps. One last little note, if you like to use the gym on holiday (wierd i know), the Mosser doesnt have one but across the road at the Marriott there is a decent sized one (approx 15 treadmills, 10 cross-trainers etc...). You're supposed to pay i think, but i breezed in with a smile, signed in and wasnt asked for the 5 times i went (maybe they thought i was a guest)!	
Jan 8 2008	Wonderful!	I chose this hotel because of the location but will always stay here when I'm in SF. I found my room comfortable, well equiped and as quiet as you could hope for in the center of a big city. Steps from buses, cable cars and the BART, it really is the best starting point to explore this city. I appreciated the ceiling fan, sound-tight windows and fresh apples every morning. Great experience.	
Jan 8 2008 	I left my heart at The Mosser!	I booked this hotel after looking online. I didn't have a clear idea of which neighbourhood I wanted to stay in. For going in blind I couldn't have been any luckier than finding this great hotel! It ended up being the perfect location for me, close to all transportation, and withing walking distance of so much. I always felt safe, no matter what time of day I came or went. I LOVED the room, and the staff were beyond helpful. There was a great restaurant next door, and when I come back to San Francisco, I won't even look for a different hotel. I'm staying here again!	
Jan 1 2008 	Good but a few issues...	We met up with a friend in San Francisco and he booked this hotel for us so the first I knew of it was when we arrived (after spending 2 weeks driving from New York). The hotel is in the business district but is good looking with a nice lobby. The area has a few bars and restaurants but it's also well located for public transport to all the other areas so it's a decent location. The inside of the hotel is clean and well decorated, the rooms are spotlessly clean but are tiny - most have the sink in the bedroom as the en-suite shower room is a (well) converted cupboard. The beds are also small by American standards but are comfortable. Unfortunately we did encountera few problems whilst staying here - firstly, when we arrived we were given our electronic room key (swipe card style) however when we got to our room it didn't work. My husband went back to the lobby and returned with a member of staff who also tried the key before agreeing that, we were right, it didn't work. My friend sympathised as he had experienced the same problem when he had checked in the day before. The staff were helpful though and immediately moved us to a different (slightly bigger) room, where the key worked perfectly, until we returned from a night out! We tried to get into our new room and had the same problem as earlier. My husband and I returned to the lobby and explained our problem to the receptionist who had some issues understanding us. For some reason she insisted on checking her computer and then announced that there was no one staying at the Mosser that night with out surname! This was quite a surprise as, we explained, all our belongings were currently locked in a room several floors above our heads! After repeating ourselves several times (each time met with a polite if slightly irritating smile!) before my husband had to go out for some air. I decided to write our surname down for the receptionist in case she had been spelling it wrong (mishearing our M's for N's perhaps?) and finally had some success - she found our details and called for a security guard with a master key who escorted us back to our room and let us in. All in all, this place is nice, clean and well situated but make sure you prepare yourself for malfunctioning room keys and slightly confused (but always polite!) reception staff!	
Dec 28 2007 	Cozy Convenient Cheap	For the price and value I would have to say this was a great place to stay. Although the room and bathroom were very small, they were well furnished and all the essentials were looked after. Everything was clean and the building was always quiet. The view wasn't that great (overlooking the side of a crate and barrel store) but when staying in San Francisco it is to be expected. A great place to stay if you're just looking for a quiet room to sleep in at night and then get out and visit the city during the day. It is only a few blocks away from many shopping stores so is very convenient for visitors.	
Dec 5 2007 	Great cosy rooms at the Mosser	My family came to visit me in San Francisco, and I booked rooms at The Mosser Hotel for them. They thoroughly enjoyed their stay. The rooms were well-kept, well-cleaned and very cosy. My mom and aunt stayed in a suite with private bathroom, while my brother had a room with shared bathroom. He thought it was the coolest thing ever. He got his own room, with a little wash area, television, and even a Nintendo game system to play with. The Mosser is centrally located near Union Square, and it was so easy for my family to take a few steps out of the hotel and find shopping, restaurants, even movie theaters. I'd like to thank the staff at The Mosser for welcoming my family to San Francisco and taking care of their needs during their stay. A greatly recommended choice for anybody who's visiting San Francisco.	
Dec 3 2007 	Don't book the Holiday Tunes Package!	This hotel is in a great location and the building and rooms are older, but charming. The rooms are small but have all modern furnitureand equipment. For $100 a night in the heart of San Francisco, a good value. My husband has been wanting to try the Holiday Tunes pacakge for 2 years! He finally booked it and was so excited for his &quot;studio appointment&quot; When we checked into the hotel we were told that our timewas now 1p.m. instead of noon. We had set it up for noon so that we could check out and then go to the appt. The desk clerk said no problem and gave us a later check out at 2 p.m. Very nice guy, we wereall happy. When we got to the studio for our appt. the technician was very rude and unhelpful. Basically said, so what do you want to do, what do you want me to do? We said that we had purchased the Holiday tunes pacakge and were here to do some Christmas songs?! He basically looked at us like we should be telling him what to do and didn't help at all. He said that there wasn't anything he could do for us if we hadn't brought our own music, we were never told to bring music with us when we called and booked the package. We assumed that there would be someone there to help and guide us, that wansn't the case. The entire situation was very uncomfortable, and akward. He definitely didn't want us there. We told him nevermind, we'd just get our money back and he said okay, that sounds good. When we went back to the hotel to check out and ask for the Studio part of our stay to be refunded, there was no manager on duty. We waited for over half an hour while the desk clerk called the manager back and forth several times. It took forever to get the room rate without the studio fee added on. When they did finally get it done, they still charged us more then the price should have been, but at that point we were so irritated that we didn't care. We then waited 40 minutes for the valetto bring our car up so that we could leave. It takes forever to get your car, make sure to give them at least 30 minutes notice. There is only one elevator for the whole hotel, so the staff are using it to haul dirty laundry and carts, it takes forever for the elevator to getto your floor. We were on the 6th floor and it was much faster to walkdown then to wait for the elevator. We definitely won't be staying here again, not because the hotel is bad, but because we wern't happy with the way our issue was handled. We stay in San Fransisco often and this hotel had definitely lost our business. When the manager getson and replies to this review, I would just like to say that not only were we unable to talk to a manager while we were there, the manager did a very poor job handling what was basically a customer service issue over the phone. So to breakdown the whole experience: Small rooms, good location, horrible elevator, horrible valet parking, charming atmosphere, really horrible recording studio, decent value.	
Nov 27 2007	My favorite and only place worth staying in the city	I made my reservation right on their website both times I've stayed there - this past Thanksgiving weekend and also a few days in April. Here is the review I sent to their manager in response to his personal followup on my (and probably all guests') stay (which I think is nice of them to do):Your hotel is awesome and I will be loyal as I have. I tell others about your great hotel too. The service couldn't have been better - very helpful, professional and attentive and not snooty at all. So clean too, so well designed, the room's are well thought out and have nice lighting, general attention to detail, the mix of old-San Francisco with wood inlays is mixed well with the choices for furniture, colors and textiles. Just want to say that I love your hotel. I would recommend booking an 'inside' room with your reservation - we had a car alarm outside our window that went off every time the BART passed. Given that inconvenience I still had a blast in this hotel.	
Nov 19 2007 	This was a great place	This was a great place to stay in SF. It is in a really great location and the room was neat and tidy with new sheets and towels. The little TV at the foot of the bed needs replacing with a flat sceen on the wall but overall it was a great funcky place to stay for a reasonable price. The staff were nice, the coffee in the foyer in the morning is great and we ate an Annabelles almost everynight!	
Nov 17 2007 	Best Place in SF	I had to go to SF for a conference for the first time in years, I was wary of hotels in the city because of the price. A friend told me about the Mosser, about what a cool place it was, like going back in time. And he was right! Even though I had to share a bathroom and shower, this was definitely one of the most fun places I had ever stayed, an equal to the Hotel Allegro in Chicago at half the cost. The location is great, close to everything, the price is great also. Only problem was with the large amounts of homeless that come to the area to panhandle where the business people and tourists are, but that is part of city living. Not the Mosser's fault. I stay at the Mosser now every time I go to SF and always look forward to it. I highly recommend the Mosser to everyone.	
Nov 12 2007 	Loved the MOSSER!	I booked everything online, and the only problem I had with the Hotel was actually finding it the night I got there! In fact, I had simply walked the wrong way. It's actually a 2 minute walk from the BART station on Powell Street! (Look for Walgreens. If you are standing in front of Walgreens, turn left. Walk to the end of the building/corner. Look right. You will see the sign.) Anyway, the ENTIRE Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The room was small, but in a really cool way I thought. For 2 people, it could be tight, but your San Francisco! You won't spend that much time in the room methinks! The bed was REALLY comfortable, and the bathroom/shower situation was absolutely NO problem at all. The bath pack the hotel gives is really nice, and the robes and towels are impeccably clean!The only problem I had while at the hotel was waiting for the elevator! I will be back to San Francisco, and I will be staying at The Mosser again!***If the woman whom I think I made a rude face at one evening is reading this, please accept my apology. I dropped my cell phone on my toe the instant I saw you! You were returning from the shower! You were room 604 Oct 19--------whenever...***	
Nov 11 2007 	Great place to stay in San Francisco	Had a wonderful visit at The Mosser -- a perfect location near the Powell Street cable turnaround, shopping, and BART. Frontdesk staff was always friendly and helpful -- a welcome relief for the weary traveler.As expected, the room was small -- but clean and adequate. The bath down the hall was always clean everytime I stepped in.I look forward to returning to this small hotel by the Bay.	
Nov 6 2007 	A gem just off Market	I've stayed at the Hotel Mosser several times, most recently in June 2007.I love it and plan to stay there next time I'm in SF.It's a quirky, charming hotel with fabulous staff. I've recognized the same staff over my last three stays (2005-2007), which tells me that it's a good place to work. And it's really nice to see familiar faces behind the desk. :-) Service has always been great.I usually travel alone on business, so I get the single room with the shared bath. On my last two stays, the private toilet was across the hall and the shared bath right next door, which worked out fine.My rooms have always been clean and secure. The room is small. You won't be throwing a party in there, unless it's just two of you. Maybe three. Rooms on the outside of the building can be noisy: I sleep with earplugs when I travel and have no problem. Rooms on the interior of the building are quiet, I'm told.WiFi is available in the room from AT&amp;T for about $10 per 24 hrs. Of course you can find free WiFi through the city.The Mosser is located about 1.5 blocks from Market St in one direction and Moscone Center in the other. I usually fly into SFO and take the BART downtown to the Powell St stop. It's easy walking distance from there to the hotel. Directly around the corner is Mel's Diner, where American Graffitti was filmed. Pricier restaurants are nearby.If you need lots of elbow room and amenities, there's a Marriott across the street. If you'd like an inexpensive place to stay, the Mosser is fabulous and you can use the money you save for drinks at the Marriott's swanky 39th floor cocktail lounge.	
Oct 23 2007 	I love this place	My first trip to SF and on quiet the budget. My friend and I stayed here for a week and we had no problems. We got a room with shared bath. The bathrooms were very clean and we didn't have any problems with them being to busy. The toliets were tight. Need to suck in that belly to close the door. That really didn't bother me at all. I just loved the great location and the excellent price. Very safe and easy to use the public transportation less than a block away. This is a great budget place to be. Don't expect the glitz. If you have it, go spend your $200 plus a night somewhere else. I am tired of people expecting a 5 star hotel at $70 a night.	
Oct 13 2007	seriously	The rooms in this hotel are so ridiculously small they have become the standard against which every rip-off squeeze-box will have to be compared. I don't care how many cool amenities the place offers, the squeeze in unacceptable. The bed is too small for 2 normal adults (my husband &amp; I weigh well under 300 pounds together), there's no room around this great bed, the bathroom sink in relation to the little shelf over it makes a dentist's spit sink seem luxurious. Our loose window was useless against the street noise--so we moved to an interior room on the top (8th?) floor. Of course the elevator didn't work--&amp; hadn't for months!--but no help or compensation. Again, Michelin led us astray. There has to be a better place in SF--location ISN'T everything!	
Oct 13 2007 	Read this review so you won't get fooled by the hotel!!!!	HI Me and my husband stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. We ordered a double room with double bed.We got a very small room that we could hardly open our suitcases, but the worst part was the smallest bed ever!!! We asked to change our room, because of the small bed, but the receptionist said that all double beds in the hotel are at the same size and that the hotel stands in the USA standards of beds (even printed some paper with the bed sizes). A double bed is 54'' according to the USA standards. We asked to measure our bed and it was only 52''!!!!!Finally we got a different room with 2 single beds - much bigger then the double bed...I recommend to all measure your beds... don't let them fool you!!	
Oct 11 2007 	Loved the Mosser	The Mosser is a cool little gem in the &quot;SOMA&quot; area of San Fran. There is lots of great shopping and restaurants in the area. The only downfall is the homelessness issue, but we didn't find it threatening, just sad. The Mosser is an older building that's been converted into a boutique type hotel. The staff were friendly and efficient with no issues checking in. We stayed in September so there was not a problem with lack of air conditioning, but I can see how this might pose a problem during the summer months. The only significant complaint was outside noise from the streets. We stayed on the 7th floor in room 711. The window faced the back alley, and on one night there was a very loud garbage pick up with breaking glass. I found that ear plugs solved any major issues. There are windows above the doors in the suites, and even though they have blinds on them, a fair bit of light shines in from the hall. Again, by buying an eye mask, it relieved the problem is you're sensitive to light. All in all, I would stay here again just for the ambience and convenient location.	
Oct 8 2007 	Excellent location low price	The hotel was in an excellent location and perfect for anyone young, single, and traveling alone. Yes, the rooms are as tiny as all the reviews say, but you can't beat the location. And really, how much time do you actually spend in the room.The hotel staff was courteous. Although the restaurant next door can't compete with San Francisco's finest, Annabelle's was great for a quick meal at the end of a long day.	
Oct 4 2007 	Pleasant Surprise!	Spent a recent weekend at The Mosser. What a pleasant surprise!The location was perfect. It was close to the BART station at Powell....i.e. very easy to get there from the Airport with no hassle.The wharf and other attractions are a cable car ride away nearby or by taking the F train on Market. Very easy!The staff was very accomodating and answered every question we had. The room was newly remodeled and clean. It had fresh paint, linens, and even a bag full of goodies that most people sometimes forget....(toothbrushes, shampoo, etc.) This was a nice touch...one I've never seen before in a room. I would not hesitate to stay here again next time i visit S.F!Im trying hard, but I honestly cannot find one fault with this property.Enjoy :)	
Sep 21 2007	Loved this place! Great Location.	Yes, the rooms are small. Big Deal. However, the charm and location more than make up for the small room size. After all, who goes on vacation to sit in a hotel room and watch TV anyways!?!? My room was very clean and I appreciated all the little extras such as the flowers, bag of (useful!) goodies, and VERY comfortable bed.The Mosser Hotel is located in the most ideal location imaginable. About a 3 minute walk to the cable cars, close to many shops and convenience stores, Chinatown, Coit Tower, the Embarcadero, etc.Very unique hotel and reasonable rates as well.	
Sep 18 2007 	Classy on a dime	My husband and I went with another couple and were very happy with our stay. The Mosser is a Euro-style hotel, but we were fortunate to get an in-room bath. Although I peeked in the shared bathrooms and they weren't bad, just small.Some unique features of our stay were: A beautiful flower arrangement on our bed that greeted us when we walked in, a book containing the the philanthropic aspects of the hotel (yay!), a bag contaning sample projects (toothpaste, nice lotions, face scrub and a Harelquin Romance Novel- HA!). Also, suicide windows to keep out the noise below.The location is GREAT!!! I can't even emphasize this enough. Its right off market, a quick walk to Chinatown and Little Italy. Some things people may not like is the very tiny TV in the corner top portion of the room. Also, someone got shot down the street. Like, on the next block. It was all blocked off, so it was hectic, but the hotel staff was very honest about it and didn't make it a big issue. Really odd, its normally a safe area!Anyways, we loved it so much, I just booked our next trip to SF in December, and we are staying at the Mosser again!	
Sep 18 2007 	location location location	The location was absolutely brilliant! You're bang in the middle of everything! The hotel itself was nothing spectacular, not as clean as I would have liked but good enough.The breakfast was pretty much coffee and a cupcake so I'd suggest getting breakfast elsewhere, but if you wanna be right in the middle of the action and particularly the shops! It's a good hotel.	
Sep 15 2007 	Great stay at the Mosser	We really enjoyed our stay at the Mosser in September 07. Location is brilliant, very easy to find, just take the BART from the airport and walk less than a block!Staff were great, especially Mr Joe on the door. Desk staff were also very helpful - our tv went off at one point and the staff were there within 2 mins to fix it.Also got a great little 'welcome pack' - kind of a sample pack of sorts - it was unexpected but nice. Included a women's razor, candy, gum, cosmetic samples etc.Now the rooms are SMALL. Ours had 2 single beds (twin rooms only come with singles) and barely enough room to put our suitcases on the floor - BUT when in a city like San Francisco you really don't spend much time in your room, so it wasn't an issue. The bathroom was also small, and did lack shelf space.They provide free coffee in the lobby in the mornings (takeaway containers provided) and very small muffins - we tried them on the first morning but they were quite dry, perhaps just a bad batch but we didn't try them again after that! Coffee was great though!Definitely rec'd if you want a great location and friendly staff with a clean, comfortable room.	
Sep 12 2007 	Web site is nothing like what you actually get think fraud	I booked myself into the Mosser in May 2007 using their Web site. The Web site makes the rooms look reasonably sized. In fact the room they gave me was less than 100 feet square. The Web site says the room comes with ceiling fans. What they don't say is that there is no air conditioning. The Web site says the room comes with double window panes to ensure a quiet nights sleep. The room was filled with loud traffic sounds as the hotel is on busy 4th street.I complained to the front desk. They said there was nothing they could do. They were not sold out. They showed me they just did not care.I said it is unfair to charge me for a room that did not deliver as advertised. They said I would have to pay for the first night.At $180/night there is not enough value to make the Mosser worthwhile at any time. There are many small hotels within 3-4 blocks that are between $100 and $125 and offer the same lousy experience as the Mosser.-Frank	
Sep 12 2007	Very Impressed	I was traveling by myself on a budget and the Mosser was like staying at a 5 star hotel for only $62 p/night. I stayed 4nights and never had to wait for the bathroom, The hotel room and facilities were very clean and well presented. Great location so close to shopping and transport.	
Sep 6 2007 	Great Deal for the $	My girlfriend and I recently visited San Francisco and stayed at the Mosser. It's nicely located near Union Square, the F line to Fisherman's Warf and airport transporation. Although the rooms are small (think European hostel), they make up for it with a modern look and welcome bag (gum, toothpaste, shampoo and conditioner, free CD). The showers/bathrooms are down the hall (think European hostel again) but you are supplied with a bath robe and towels. One thing I found interesting was that the Mosser uses a portion of it's hotel proceeds to replant trees (over 5 million already). Even if you're not a tree hugger, it's nice to know that someone cares enough about an issue to make that sort of effort. I pride myself on finding good travel deals and traveling on a budget (even though I don't have to). This is a great deal for the area (approx $90 after taxes for a queen bed for two). If Rick Steves wrote travel books for the US, I'm sure the Mosser would be on his list.	
Aug 31 2007 	Mosser is great	Such a cute hotel! When my boyfriend and I checked in during a trip the previous August, we were a little alarmed at the small room size at first; we're both used to family vacations, packing 7 people into the HoJo. It only took us a second to realize what a great hotel we had chosen - sophisticated, nicely furnished/decorated, little touches. Very cool artwork and a fantastic view of downtown San Fran. Awesome location on Market and 4th. We returned for my birthday the following February and didn't even check any other hotels. The restaurant/bar downstairs (the Annabelle, I believe) is a great late-night drinking spot whether or not you're staying in the hotel (there are several nearby, but we didn't find any other good bars). Make sure you get a &quot;deluxe&quot; room though - otherwise it's a community bathroom in the hall! Deluxe rooms are only marginally more expensive, and unless you're cool with dorm living, I would suggest it. Also - concierge was wonderfully accommodating, The first trip we drove from Nevada and had to park my boyfriend's car somewhere; the hotel had a parking lot and totally took care of it. We flew in for our second stay and they locked our luggage in the back for us after we checked out so we could continue to enjoy the city. Unless you're going to San Fran with the express purpose of sitting around in your hotel room all day, the Mosser is a great night's stay!	
Aug 30 2007	Excellent Customer Service from the Reservations Department	I had an untimely situation occur regarding my booking arrangement with the Mosser. I was getting very little help from the internet third party 'book for cheap' customer service department. After much pressing, they got in touch with the hotel and I was able to get exactly the help I needed thanks to MARK from the Mosser in the Reservations department. He was very understanding and extremely helpful. I am very grateful to him. I recommend the Mosser for humanistic and personal customer service.	
Aug 26 2007 	Great Location	Enjoyed staying at The Mosser due to the great location. It's so close to everything, BART, shops and heaps more. We got an upgrade for only a few dollars more so turned out to be fantastic value. The staff were all very friendly.Only downside would be the size, the rooms were very small and we had a crawling baby with us so we found it too small but we managed. However on a positive note they did have a crib which was the only place out of 4 that we stayed at that had them!A good place to stay to get your bearings.	
Aug 26 2007 	Wow!!!	We wanted to stay somewhere in the city, that wasn't too expensive. We were surprised when we got a room at this hotel for $65 a night (with a private bath). It is in the middle of Union Square! This is a cool place to stay, no matter what your budget is. They have hostel style rooms that share a bath down the hall, small rooms with private baths, and suites. I would definately recommend this hotel to all of my friends. It has modern decor and a very smart use of space in the small rooms.	
Aug 26 2007 	Elegance in a PRIME location...	PRIME location, impeccable, charming hotel...LOVED it!!Beautiful period hotel newly updated and renovated provides the supreme tourist experience. I loved every aspect about this hotel. I travel primarily in Europe so am accustomed to shared bath/toilet. A small but incrediblly efficient room which was loaded with so many extras...small cable T.V. ceiling fan, sink with free manufacturers samples, internet/TV, alarm clock in T.V., CD player/radio/alarm clock, terrycloth robes, coffee/muffins for breakfast in lobby, telephone, IKEA type bed which was very comfortable, lovely pillows/bedspread, quality fabric. Just steps away from the BART/MUNI and shopping galore. Very safe location which is well lit and well traveled. I can't wait to return to THE MOSSER HOTEL!!	
Aug 24 2007 	Good value stay	Only ended up staying the night as our flight was delayed into Chicago and we missed our connection. Room was small but htere was just enough room for the 2 of us plus 2 large suitcases. Although due to the lack of hanging space you couldn't stay longer than a few days. Location was excellent and the room was clean and compactly furnished. Plus the price was spot on compared to other hotels we had priced.	
Aug 23 2007	Brilliant value	What a deal - $99/night for a twin bed room with ensuite bathroom in the center of SF. I'd call it a boutique hotel in that it is nicely renovated and has lots of charm. The staff were friendly and efficient, the rooms tidy and nicely decorated. I'll be staying here again.	
Aug 23 2007 	Excellent in almost every respect.	First of all, The Mosser is not for everyone. If you are a traveler who enjoys amenities like a pool/spa, exercise facility, room service, or if you prefer to stay in suites or upgraded rooms, The Mosser really isn't what you're looking for. There are many hotels in the same area that are more in this vein, and you would be better off going with them.On the other hand, if you're a traveler on a budget and you're more concerned with the location and price of the hotel than the hotel itself, The Mosser is exactly what you're looking for. I would basically describe The Mosser as half-way between a hostel and a typical hotel, and much nicer than any hostel you'd ever stay in. For the price, I don't think there's a better deal in all of San Francisco. We paid $99 for a shared-bathroom queen bed room, and we stayed two nights. I would absolutely go back and stay with them again.The location can't be beat - it's within eyesight of the Metreon theater and right in the middle of the big Union Square shopping district. It's also within a block of the Union Square muni/BART stations and the Market St. Cable Cars. If you want to go anywhere in the city, there's a method of transportation that will get you there, and they all come right by The Mosser, which means you won't have to spring for a taxi if you don't want to. The muni trains, busses, and cable cars are an excellent, cheap, and fun way to get around the city. With this kind of location I feel like The Mosser could charge twice what they're asking; for $99 a night it's an amazing deal, and being in a good location makes a big difference when you want to go out and do stuff.The facilities at The Mosser themselves were outstanding. The room was decorated in bright colors with interesting artwork on the walls. The bed was comfortable - a pillow-top, I'm pretty sure, which is rare for a budget hotel bed. Nice sheets. The toilets in the hallway were always clean, and the bathrooms were perfectly adequate. A couple times we noticed that the water pressure in the showers went down, but it's an old building and that happens. The lobby was very bright and eloquent. Overall the facilities were above and beyond what we'd hoped for. Most of all, there are a lot of little details that you notice at The Mosser. They gave us band-aids, a shoe polishing cloth, and a CD created at their music studio in their little hotel kit, which was left on the bed along with a vase of flowers. Little things like that go a long way, and they impressed us a great deal.The staff at The Mosser was also exceptional. Having stayed in a few, but not many hotels, I can say that the staff is the number one thing I'm wary of the most when traveling. Luggage gets lost or banged around, reservations get messed up, people are gruff and generally unpleasant... none of this happened at The Mosser. From the bellman to the clerk at the desk to the valet parking, everyone was pleasant, cheerful, helpful, and efficient. Never once was I unsatisfied with a staff member, and this is sadly a rarity when I travel anymore. For what The Mosser is, it's amazing. It's not a luxury hotel. It's not a posh resort. It's a nice, clean, upbeat, contemporary little hotel with little rooms for a tiny little price. If that sounds like it's up your alley, I would definitely urge you to check it out.	
Aug 19 2007 	Pristine Excellence at The Mosser	The Mosser Hotel is located at the heart of great shopping, fantastic restaurtants, and wonderful sightseeing experiences. The darling hotel lobby was very comfortable to sit and stay the few moments it takes for the professional bellmen to hail a taxi service, load your luggage and confirm destination plans and directions with you and the driver. The lobby was always fully staffed with knoweldgable and efficient workers. Once inside the hotel room, each guest is greeted with an overflowing welcome package, containing San Francisco travel books, a reading enjoyment book, gum, and all the immenities you may need while away from home. To continue the at home ambiance, each room has a wonderful view with windows that open and close, allowing you to choose your air circulation preference and comfort level. The room has comfortable reading chairs with plenty of lamp lighting, a ceiling fan and ornate bed pillows to finish the at home feeling. My most memorable experience was dealing with the efficient bellmen. They used speed and knowledge to aid in selecting a sight seeing tour that would fit my time schedule and interest. Even with waiting until well-beyond the recommended sign up time, the bellmen were able to process my tickets, moments before the motor coach pulled up to gather the other hotel tourists. I was most impressed with their courtesy and professionalism. It was a very comfortable and accomodating memory of San Francisco. When I return to the area, I will be happy to stay at this fine Hotel.	
Aug 17 2007 	Highly Recommend	We enjoyed our stay here tremendously. The staff was intuitively accommodating, and very friendly. The rooms are quaint, but efficient, and shouldn't hinder your stay unless you are planning a long (week +) vacation (no dressers, but they have a closet).There are a lot of places, number-wise and geographically, to stay. This I have to mention, because we broke our trip up throughout the city, was probably one of the best for location, and absolutely for price. The restaurant, Annabelle's, was fabulous especially when we were too tired to go too far.Overall the beds are super comfy, the entire hotel was very clean, and the decor along with the hand sketched art are a nice personal touch. Plus it was less than 50 yards to Market St. and all of the fun stuff downtown. We have a lot of places to visit, but if we ever go back to San Fran I would love to stay again at the Mosser and support them and their environmental research mission.	
Aug 16 2007 	LOCATION ONLY	If location is what you are looking for - this is it!!!! It is across the street from the Marriott and 2 doors down from the Palomar. It is a short hop to everywhere you want to be! BART is around the corner. The other reviews about the size of the rooms is correct. One person max is all the space the room has. This is small even by San Francisco standards. However, I did not go to SF to stay in my room. The coffee is good but the rolls should be skipped. This is an old hotel with one elevator. My first night the radiator burped loudly at 4:30 am! All and all, I would stay there again.	
Aug 16 2007 	We would go back in a heartbeat!	The Mosser exceeded our expectations. The location was excellent. We are able to walk to every place that we wanted to shop and to the baseball game with no problem. The staff was friendly and the rooms were clean and comfortable. We had a room that had a community shower and I was a little nervous about how that would work but it was fine. I never had to wait to use it and there was never anyone in the bathroom when I needed it. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would absolutely stay at the Mosser again. If you can loking for a nice place in the middle of everything then the Mosser is for you.	
Aug 15 2007	Very cute clean great location!	We were very pleased with our four night stay at The Mosser. The hotel is very well kept, clean, and the staff was very helpful. It is so nice to stay in a hotel with character rather than one of the bigger, impersonal chains. Our room was nicely decorated and the ceiling fan came in very handy (you do not need AC). The staff was always very helpful and courteous. We also loved the location, which is in the middle of everything and very close to a BART stop. Bottom line: we hope to make The Mosser our hotel of choice for future trips to the city.	
Aug 15 2007 	Perfect for a night in the city	Who needs a large room when you're staying in the city!? Perfect location with plenty of food/drink places within walking distance. Definitely considering going back again soon. I highly recommend going to the 39th floor in the hotel across the street for a nightcap.	
Aug 15 2007 	Fabulous	Awesome hotel. The rooms were very well equipped and supplied, Directions simple, Sparkling Clean, Pleasant helpful personnell, CENTRALLY LOCATED within easy walking distance to Embarcadero Center, the theatre district, Union Square, and great dining. DON'T MISS!	
Aug 15 2007	The Mosser Rocks!	The Mosser Hotel is perfectly located in downtown San Francisco and provides one with an ideal starting point for sight seeing in the city. Located right next to Bart station, and minutes from California St., you can't beat the location and access to the entire city. The staff is courteous and helpful, and the rooms and overall decor is modern and stylish. The hotel is reasonably priced given that you are in an expensive city. Overall a hotel that should be booked anytime you come and visit San Francisco.	
Aug 14 2007 	Loved The Mosser Hotel	We had a great time. The hotel is located in a central location near Union Square and near all major transportation. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms are comfortable and well decorated. We highly recommend!	
Aug 13 2007 	OK for money	This hotel was not as nice as the hotel's website led us to believe. the pictures showed much more up market rooms than we actually got. it is an old hotel and not one that is bright and contemporary like their website makes out!that being said, it was adequate for the 4 nights that we spent there on our tour of California. The location was excellent and the beds were extremely comfortable, which was great as we were dealing with jet lag at the time.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't mind a budget place, but don't be fooled by the hotels website.	
Aug 11 2007	good location but......	The Mosser is certainly in a good location and the absence of AC is not a problem, we slept well with the ceiling fan on. However the room photos would led you to believe this is a modern boutique style hotel, and maybe some of the rooms are as shown but our was not. The beds are very comfortable and the rooms with shared bathroom are fine. But do not expect the high end rooms as the seem in the pictures. Location excellent, 5 mins from Powell st tram stop. complimentary tea, coffee and small muffins in the morning.	
Aug 10 2007 	very small but very nice and convenient	We have been at The Mosser for 5 nigts finding it very well located, very nice and clean.Yes the room is really small but with nice furniture and we where in San Francisco for visitng the city so we didn't need a spacious room.We booked the hotel on hostelworld.com paying a room with ensuite bathroom just 70 euros per night.When we arrived in the room we found also the nice surprice of a little present: a music cd made by the recording center of the hotel.I reccomend this hotel to all the people who want visit the city!	
Aug 9 2007 	THE MOSSER IN SAN FRAN	We thought the Mosser was just great. The staff was very friendly and personable compared to the service you get from one of those chains. The rooms were small indeed, but comfortable and quiet and very clean. Location is close to serveral types of public transportation and to nice restaurants and bars. We'll definitely return!	
Aug 9 2007 	Good value for money	Yes the rooms can be small, yes there is no A/C and yes, it can be noisy - but the place is centrally located within walking distance of a number of attractions and shops! There is so much to do in San Fran that you won't be spending time in your room anyway!The large (and very quiet) ceiling fans are a good substitute for A/C, and although the rooms are small they are well equipped with modern furnishings and styling. The en suite shower and room were both immaculate and cleaned daily. The restaurant and bar next door is expensive (for students anyway!) but there are loads of places to eat out cheaper - just grab a Rough Guide and take a wander. Taylor Street Cafe does an excellent breakfast!Many of the Apple fan stay here as it is one block from Moscone West where WWDC takes place pretty much every year. Getting a room during this period can be tricky (usually mid June)Staff were courteous, although we never had much need to speak to them as we had no problems! Would recommend this place, very clean and tidy and easy to get to via public transport (BART right up the street). 250GBP for 4 nights en suite booked through STA I thought was good for mid June given the quality of the place.	
Aug 7 2007 	Mosser -- Excellent location and value!	Pros: Excellent downtown location; adjacent to very large shopping mall and trolley 'F' line which takes you down Market street to the Pier's and Fisherman's Wharf. Also, the hotel is a restored 'Victorian style' building -- at one point of the building's existence, I'm sure it use to have gorgeous views of the bay before all the skyscrapers came into the scene. They also have free coffee in the morning -- which comes in large size, to go cups. The hotel staff was wonderful and friendly.Potential Con: It wasn't really a concern for me, but some people may not like the smaller rooms. My room was just large enough to fit the Queen size bed inside; and that was about it. My room included a small bathroom, too, which was nice - but with some of the rooms one has to share bathrooms out in the hallway. Of all the hotels I've stayed in, this had to be the smallest room I've ever stayed in -- but honestly, it was still clean and nice; I really didn't spend much of my day in the hotel room. The location is totally worth the $69-89 price range per night; you won't find this kind of price anywhere else in downtown San Francisco.Highly recommend!	
Aug 4 2007 	Loved the Mosser	What a great hotel in a great location. The room was clean, the staff very friendly and very helpful. Highly recommended.	
Jul 26 2007 	Beautiful Deal!	Loved it! Cozy, clean, great price, location, nice details, such as sample spa products, flowers...the room was small, but plenty for us.	
Jul 22 2007 	Absolutely fine!	During our train trip around the US, we stayed five nights at the Mosser and were very satisfied. Although it wasn't exceptional, we have absolutely nothing to complain about and the value was great, especially since we got upgraded to a room with bathroom paying for one without... Contrary to others, I thought the coffee in the lobby was a good idea. A cup of coffee is exactly what I need in the morning, and then I am happy to wait a while before having breakfast. Location is also fine, particularly since it is - literally - next door to the complex of Yerba Buena Gardens/Metreon/MoMA, which has something for everyone. I loved the arts and the bar on the terrace, my son loved the movie-theatre and the Playstation-store. We took the cable car once, for the sake of it, but walked otherwise almost everywhere. The area is a bit depressing night-time, with lots of homeless people (why?), but we never felt unsafe. And although I agree with those who say the Mosser has a bit of Ikea-feeling over it, with cheap design, I still think it is a good choice. And since San Francisco is such a great city, you don't spend a lot of time in the hotel room anyhow!	
Jul 18 2007 	Great location! Small clean rooms and helpful staff.	We stayed at the Mosser for just one night, but the hotel was clean and comfortable, although a little noisy as we were right across the hall from the ice machine. We stayed in a &quot;European style&quot; room, i.e. - no bathroom or shower, but for the price you really can't beat it. The bathroom and shower area were both clean. The hotel is walking distance to Union Square and lots of restaurants and shopping. The rooms are quite small, but I'd highly recommend it if you just need a place to crash.	
Jul 16 2007 	Have recommended it to everyone	I booked my room at the Mosser only about 10 days before I travelled and was so pleased to get an excellent rate for such a great room in such a perfect location. Friends I met in SF could hardly believe I had found such an excellent deal.The room was small, but well laid out. Contrary to some other recent reviews I have no complaints about cleanliness. The room was spotless each day when I returned to it each evening.I was nervous beforehand about the shared hall bathrooms, but I hardly met anyone in the hallways and only once had to wait for another guest to finish in the bathroom which was right next to my room. These weren't cleaned in between each use, but they were thoroughly cleaned each day and were much cleaner than those you'd often find in a gym, etc.I had also been worried that the central location would mean a lot of noise, but where my room was it was very quiet, even with 4th July holiday and the baseball Fan Fest going on.I really recommend that if you're visiting SF or if you live there and have guests coming to stay you check out the Mosser and snap it up if you can get a room.	
Jul 6 2007 	Great Spot	Great Little Place. Centrally located in Union Sqpare, walk to China Town, French section and North Beach. Short trolly ride to Mission/Castro.Rooms were small, but nicely updated. Great for a weekend getaway. Front desk was helpful. I would stay at The Mosser Again.	
Jul 5 2007 	Worst Hotel Experience	This morning, on her way out of the hotel, my sister accidentally left her wallet on her bed. She realized it a few minutes later and went back to the hotel. When she got up to her room, house-keeping already cleaned it, and her wallet was gone. She spoke the manager at the time (Mark), and he had her go through all of the dirty and clean laundry. When I walked through the door of the hotel, I said, &quot;My sister lost her wallet...&quot; His response was, &quot;so she SAYS.&quot; I was a bit unnerved by that response so I went to check on my sister, who was in the process of going through the pile of dirty sheets. While she was digging, I decided to talk to Mark again. The whole time I was talking to him, he wouldn't look at me. HIS EYES WERE STARING OUT THE DOOR AS I SPOKE. I had to pause, ask him what was outside because I was trying to talk to him. He looked back at me, I spoke, and his eyes wondered back outside. I know it was my sister's fault for leaving her wallet behind, but he, as a manager, DID NOT EVEN PRETEND TO BE HELPFUL. He plain out said that &quot;I don't believe that she left it here. She must have dropped it outside.&quot; I had picked her up from outside the hotel. She got into my car, we drove around for 15-30mins before she realized she didn't have her wallet, and we went back to the hotel. While I was sitting by the door waiting for the police to come take our report, he didn't have any problems looking into other people's eyes to talk to them. I can't believe how poorly we were treated by Mark. He strongly believed that my sister didn't leave her wallet in her hotel room and that she must've dropped it outside (which makes it not his fault for not being able to find it). He also told me that no one has ever left their wallet in their hotel room/this has never happened before. Anyway, he's the type who'll treat people well when everything runs smoothly. Yet when things do happen, we're the idiots for booking a room there, and he'll treat us as such.	
Jul 1 2007 	Never again	We had high hopes for The Mosser. We did read the review here about the scabies, but thought it might just be a one-off. But, whilst neither my husband nor myself contracted scabies during our stay, we both felt we needed a good scrub down after staying at this hotel. It was filthy, particularly the bath. One of the complimentary robes had blood stains on it, as did the bed sheets! It really is one of the filthiest hotels I've ever stayed in. There was no room service to speak of, not even coffee/tea making facilities, or water in the rooms or available anywhere in the hotel. You could order pizza from their restaurant during specific hours, but really, who wants to eat only pizza on holiday? The furnishings were cheap - don't pull the blinds, they'll come away from the window and hit you on the head! Breakfast was a cup of coffee from a thermos in paper cups in the hotel lobby and as many tasteless, dry muffins as you can stuff in your hungry mouth. I have to say this hotel was a real disappointment. San Fran does not seem to have got the boutique hotel thing just yet. Avoid the Mosser if you can, and if you can't take some antibacterial wipes and rubber gloves with you because you may spend your break cleaning your own room!!	
Jun 27 2007	Great Small Accomodations for the Price	I always check the Mosser when traveling to SF because it is perfect for one or two people for a no frills but very clean stay. The rooms are tiny, but they are stylish, comfortable and very clean (think Ikea). Since the Mosser was recently renovated, it has newer beds and avoids the bedbug problem that ALOT of SF hotels have. Yikes. Anyway, they are VERY close to everything, right on Market and 4th near the MUNI and BART and shopping and for the price, you just can't beat it. To boot, they are friendly and efficient. Free coffee and donuts in the morning.Hope that helps.	
Jun 25 2007 	Perfect for a San Francisco getaway...	I've stayed at the Mosser quite a few times, and I'm always happy with my experience. I'm a younger traveller, and I will be the first to admit that my needs are simple: clean room, comfy bed, close to attractions/method of getting to attractions (bus, train, etc), and thick walls (I'm a light sleeper), and something that's not a chain. Mosser fits the bill in all these ways, AND you should check out its corporate responsibility... quite awesome. I would certainly recommend the in room bathroom, however (I am young, but am still not prepared to relive dorm memories) and also try for a corner room.	
Jun 21 2007 	Best value in S.F.	The Mosser Hotel exceeded my expectations, based on previous TripAdvisor postings. My chief criterion for this particular stay was to get as inexpensive room as possible in a relatively safe, convenient location. Beyond that, though, I was very impressed with how nicely maintained, refurbished, and furnished the hotel was. All was very clean and comfortable.The desk clerk at the time of my arrival, Tim, was as polite and helpful as could be. I arrived early morning and wanted to drop off my suitcase but he checked and saw my room was available so let me check in around 9am. His gracious greeting and assistance set a wonderful tone for my brief stay.I will certainly try to stay at the Mosser again in the future. I consider it the best value hotel I've encountered so far in this city.	
Jun 19 2007 	Great hotel in a great location	My wife and I trawled the internet trying to find a hotel in San Francisco that wasn't going to cost us a small fortune. Then a friend of ours told us about The Mosser. What a find! This hotel is in the best location in San Francisco. It's about 1 minute walk to Market Street where you will find great shopping, (most of it in the Westfield centre) and the Bart and Muni transport stops. Getting around the city from The Mosser is very easy. On that point, it is a lot cheaper just to get the Bart to Powell Street stop from the airport and walk 2 minutes to the hotel than pay for a taxi or shuttle bus.The rooms, as some people have said, are small but the are spotless and modern and let's face it, how much time are you planning on spending in your room anyway? We had a room with a private bathroom but the shared facilities still looked very clean and well maintained.If you can get a good deal on The Mosser you'd be mad not to stay here.	
Jun 2 2007 	Would higly recommend the Mosser	We really liked the Mosser. After a week of staying in motels the small sized room in the Mosser was initially a bit of a shock. However, the hotel had provided everything we needed including a welcome pack, good value laundry and TV. We had shared bathroom facilities, but these were clean and we never had to wait to use them. All the staff were very friendly and helpful,and the hotel had a nice feel to it. The hotel is perfectly situated down town, within walking distance of all the shops, cable cars and the coast. I would highly recommend it.	
May 23 2007	GREAT Hotel	To: Kevin - General ManagerGood Morning Kevin,I’ve traveled around the world and stayed in lots of different types and quality hotels but I can truly say that staying at your hotel was one of the BEST that I have had in years.Thank you and your staff. I will return and have already recommended your hotel to other colleagues.Have a wonderful, exciting, fun-filled day / week / month.David Mooney	
May 18 2007 	Stylish and cheap	I stayed here recently on a short, and relatively cheap, city break to San Francisco, and was pleasantly impressed. I got the cheapo option of a single room with shared bathroom, which was nicer than one might expect. The room was well designed and comfortable, although very small, and the bathrooms clean and usually free of other travellers. While there was no AC, the ceiling fan did the job and didn't make too much noise. There was a CD player / alarm and a selection of sample size toiletries in addition to the usual soap / shower gel etc. My only real bugbear about the room design was that the bed was made up into a sofa which didn't face, or even come close to facing, the TV; while there was a small shelf on the wall where your head would most naturally rest to watch it if you shifted the cushions around.Otherwise, however, the location was excellent; the staff friendly and helpful, and the free coffee, tea and muffins in the morning a handy alternative to spending a fortune on breakfast next door.	
May 13 2007 	Great place to stay in San Francisco	We stayed at the Mosser for 3 or 4 nights in February and loved it. It was a great location, and the price was definitely right (found a good price through kayak.com, which directed us to skoosh.com to finalize our stay). We had a room with a private bath. The room was pretty small, but it was fine for us. The bath was very clean with good water pressure.The desk staff was always very helpful in providing directions, recommending restaurants, or directing us to the right bus/streetcar/etc. Some of the previous reviews mentioned noise, so we asked for a quiet room away from street noise. We could hear people coming and going from the communal bath nearby, but it wasn't a big deal. The elevator was being refurbished during our stay, so we had to walk up/down six flights of stairs to our room. But I imagine that is probably fixed by now and it wasn't a huge problem for us in the first place.Overall a great place to stay if you're on a budget but still want someplace nice and clean.	
May 10 2007 	Do not stay here!!!! Beware!	Do not stay here! I have traveled extensively all around the world, both business and leisure and let me say I have stayed in youth hostels that were cleaner and more professionally run than the Mosser. It is unclean, unsafe, the staff was rude, I could go on and on. First of all upon arriving the bellman allowed me to get my 75 lb suitcase out of the car without even an offer to help. the front desk clerk was rude, and would not answer my questions about the hotel or the rooms and bathroom situation (I had feared having a room with a shared bath.), and further more the manager wasn't any better. They declined to accept my credit card for incidentals because it didn't match the cc on the reservation (it was my companies CC, the reservation was made by corporate), they were unwilling to listen to my explanation and I had to call my CEO on the East coast at 11pm to get him to authorize my incidental charges with the CC the reservation was made with. Then comes the room. There were stains all over the bed, a bug in the bathtub, it smelled like yesterdays trash, and was sweltering hot because of the lack of air conditioning. Do not listen to the reviews that say this is a great value, I am now staying at the Warwick Regis for less than the Mosser was costing. Shop around there are great hotels at decent prices, but whatever the case Do Not Test Your Luck, Stay Away From The Mosser!!!	
May 5 2007 	Good Location/OK hotel	I spent 3 nights in May 2007 at the Mosser Hotel, and found it a good option if you're not concerned about major amenities and just want a place to sleep at a good location. Pros: The location was great. You're within a block and a half of Bart/the Muni's main rail line, the Cable Car turnaround point, and the main visitor information center, plus all kinds of stores. I had everything I needed in the room, and it was clean and an efficient use of space. The place is well run, and the people running the hotel were polite and helpful. Cons: The room is small. One person's fine, two had better be friendly. There's also limited storage if you're staying more than a long weekend and have graduated beyond everything fits in a backpack status. Don't drive a car while staying there if possible. It cost me $28 a night in parking. It has a restaurant, but it's not cheap. Bottom line: I got a discounted rate through Hotwire. At the under $100 rate I paid, it was a good deal. Would the location justify paying more? Maybe, but I wouldn't pay extra to stay there over another hotel in the area.	
May 1 2007 	great location and clean!	Within 2mins walk to Union Sq and Powell St train station, and 10mins walk to Ferry Building. Clean, even the shared bathroom is clean. Room is small, but clean, has TV and internet is in the TV, and the room has modern furnishings. This is very good for the money and location.	
Apr 20 2007 	Small rooms great location	Yes, the rooms are really small but this hotel is a great deal for the location it is in. We had two separate stays at The Mosser at the beginning and end of a California road trip. Both times we had a room that included a bathroom (but from what I saw of the hall bathrooms they looked clean and acceptable). The bed in the first room we stayed in was comfortable, but I thought on the second stay in a different room the bed was in bad shape (or it just could have been my desire to be in my own bed after staying in four different hotels over the course of a week!). The rooms and lobby have been nicely updated and they make good use of the small space. The valet parking is pretty slow. They tell you to call 30 minutes before you need your car and when we were checking out we had a long wait until our car was finally retrieved. The Mosser was great for our short stays, but I think I would feel a bit claustrophobic in the room after a few days. The location is excellent - within walking distance of AT&amp;T Park, downtown shopping, BART station, and cable car.	
Apr 20 2007 	Awsome Little Gem....	We Stayed in San Fran last week for a conference and I stayed at the Hotel my company chose for over 230.00 a night. We had decided to stay a extra night ahead of time on our own budget. Well we chose the right hotel. We could not have been more pleased with the staff and bellman. I was very impressed by their friendliness and hospitality. Nice very clean lobby, well decorated. I was very pleased with the room we stayed in a shared bath queen and although the room is small, it is very clean and decorated, and the bed was very soft. The only thing I would like to see is the TV removed from the foot of the bed and small plasma's or LCD's installed on the walls. But I still was very impressed with the Mosser.If I would have known I could have saved my company a lot of money and booked all nights at the Mosser.It is close to shopping, BART, MUNI and the cable line at Powell St.I will surely stay here again on my next visit. Do not hesitate to stay here you will be happy with this place.	
Apr 17 2007 	Old-fashioned SF charm	Old-fashioned SF charm, with modern comforts and good price! A true delight! In easy walking distance of Powell Street Cable Car, Union Square, Metreon, Yerba Buena gardens, SFMOMA, UC Berkeley Extension South of Market Center, BART stations. Hotel staff very professional, friendly, knowledgeable of the city. Staffers anticipate your needs. Rooms retain original Victorian architecture: sink, large window, small room, high ceilings, no AC, ceiling fan. Narrow stair cases lead to the floors -- but also an elevator. Rooms are updated in smart way: window that opens for fresh air, dual-pane to block street noise, comfortable bed, multi-line phone, internet access, tv. The less-expensive rooms have a common toilet &amp; shower/tub on the hall, shared between guests. Rooms with private bath are available. Everything is exceptionally clean. (And always the case - I'm a repeat customer.) Robes are supplied because of common toilet/bath. Secure -- after midnight your key is required to enter the building, a desk clerk is present day and night. Safe area -- surrounded by other hotels, restaurants, stores. Probably best for singles or couples, since rooms are small (in a Victorian way) and stair cases are narrow and turn. No need for car, since in the heart of the city. Doorman can whistle a cab for you, if you don't want to walk.	
Apr 15 2007 	Great value great location!	I read great reviews about this hotel and booked two single rooms for me an my dad and stayed on a Sat &amp; Sun at the end of March. I went for the single room with bathroom/shower in the hall. I booked via Expedia and paid about $62 per night per room incl. tax. The room was small but very tidy and had a comfortable bed. Everything was very clean. The showers in the hall were always clean and we did not have any problems getting access to them. I would have given 5 stars but the guy at the reception when we checked out was in such a bad mood / bordering on rude that he hardly answered when I asked whether I could leave my luggage while I collected my rental car. But still overall a very good place if you travel on a budget.One final point: The stairs are very narrow and all surfaces are covered with carpets and there is lots of wood. If there is ever going to be a fire (heaven forbid!) evacuating this place is likely to be a nightmare. I look into safety related issues a lot at work and that was something on my mind during my stay.	
Apr 13 2007 	Great cheap find	If your on a budget, this is a great, clean and nice place to stay. Staff is great! I stayed in a single room to myself, which had a sink, tv, robes, all needed soap, shampoo, lotions ect., comfy bed. You do have to share bathroom and shower if you want the cheap rate. They do have regular hotels rooms with bathrooms included, but they are a little more expensive. The location is outstanding......Right by union square, close to street car, muni bus, and a short walk to cable car. Also, if you are catching a Giants game, it is a 1-2 mile walk. Definately will go back. I am picky when it comes to hotels.....this is clean and very quaint.From Santa Monica resident	
Apr 9 2007	Nice location good price	I am glad i stayed here. The staff was very nice. Got a decent price on the room, i think it was like $70 or so. Keep in mind they get you for $25-30 a night to park. They also lost my car for an hour when i was checking out. The location is nice, next to public transportation and within walking distance to the Giant's ballpark. The room was small and the bed was smaller, but all in all it was a fun place to stay, different than the standard motels, so fun. Would look into staying here again if i returned to SF because it was good deal and nothing negative can be said about this place.G Man	
Apr 5 2007 	Funky fun hotel	My sister and I stayed at the Mosser for one night just for fun. We booked the hotel on Hotwire for $52/night mid-week and got a double room with insuite bath. The hotel was totally cute, clean, and in a great location. Yes, the hotel room was really small - New York City small - but at that price we didn't care. We were on the 8th floor in a corner room with a full view of The Metreon. Noise level was fine as long as you keep the windows closed. The room stays cool enough if you leave the window open before bed then turn on the fan. We'd definitely stay here again - just not at the hotel's normal rate.	
Apr 1 2007 	Believe it or not there are better hotels for cheaper in Union Sq!	I am a SF native and love to spend weekends in hotels in Union Square for shopping and sightseeing. Of course, I am always on the lookout for great deals. The Mosser charges rack rate of $239 for a queen bed room with ensuite bathroom. I think that's too expensive and not as economical as people think. My favorite, Petite Auberge, is a beautiful French-style bed and breakfast north of Union Square on Bush Street. It is only a few blocks' walk to Union Square, and I daresay it is no further from the Square than Mosser Hotel. I usually stay in a queen bedroom with ensuite bath AND fireplace, for $155, and a full hot breakfast is included. The bedroom is much larger than the Mosser's queen bedroom. So, which is better value? I always send all my out of town friends to Petit Auberge, or its cheaper neighbor, Golden Gate Hotel (same street and literally next door to each other). I did enjoy my stay at Mosser, but only because I got to stay there free through a friend. Compared to a B&amp;B, Mosser is of course more &quot;hip&quot; and modern, but it is at a price. The renovated rooms are tiny (read all the reviews here), the bath is tiny and fan is noisy, there is no A/C, and my window looked directly into another guest's window so no privacy. Moreover, the Victorian building feels gritty, a bit like a residential hotel, and the crowd seems a bit gritty and urban and edgy (they rent the hotel rooms out by the week or month, so it feels a bit like a hostel). There is no breakfast in bed, the adjacent restaurant only opens at 11.30 AM. So I went for breakfast at the W (great , stylishbreakfasts at XYZ restaurant!). I recommend staying at the Mosser only if you can get a cheap deal online. If you can only pay their rack rates, try a B&amp;B in Union Square for less $$$ and more space/value.	
Mar 28 2007 	So So but good location	I stayed at this hotel from March 2nd to March 5th. Location is very easy to find and truely well located and close to everything. However had a very tiny room no aircondition just a fan, couldn't open the window, and the room ressembled more to a prison than anything else. I was lucky that weather was great and most of the time I was out.I booked the room through traveolcity as a pckage with my trip and there was indication that elevator was not working but would be working for my dates. When I got to the hotel tired, was advised that my room is on the 8th floor and they can't do anything for it as I had already paid for the whole package so it is not their problem. They told me the only way is to pay $25 canadian to upgrade it to another room on the 4th floor.So the only good thing in my point of view is location all the rest is average, and the rooms honestly the one I had ( they clearly made me understand when you get deals or packages you will be getting the owrse rooms!!) a lot to desire.So if you are looking to be all the time outside, don't mind not having enough air to breath and location is important then this is a very budget place to be.From Vancouver Canada	
Mar 20 2007 	Great Value	Stayed on a saturday night for $99/night. Nice small room, good decor, very clean, bed not the most comfortable, location is great, noisey so bring ear plugs if you are a light sleeper. Elevator is broken so you or the bell boy will have to carry the bags up the stairs. Very good for one night stay, if you stay longer, the lack of space may drive you crazy.	
Mar 15 2007	Fabulous  but beware noise problems	If you want value, location and have few demands on hotel facilities then the Mosser is just perfect. The rooms my be minute but they are high quality and contain everything you need, the service is great, the position perfect and the price is unbeatable (if you book online - the rack rate can sometimes be silly). There is however a significant &quot;but&quot;. In a recent visit I treated myself to one of the deluxe rooms with bathroom. Unfortuately that meant is was next to another room with a bathroom and you swiftly discover that the bathroom fans are not on a timer. The noise of the neighbourhood fan is much noiser than your own fan. On one night the fan was on all night and on another it went on at 6am and the occupant left the building with it still on. I was woken by the noise even though I had earplugs. Oh this was exacerbated by the fan at the other end of the room which served the public bathroom for those souls without one en suite. With both of them going, it was quite a noise.Until the management sort this out, I'd strongly recommend sticking to the cheaper non-en suite rooms.	
Mar 8 2007 	Small but comfortable	A great little hotel right in the middle of San Francisco. Location is the best thing about this hotel without a doubt. The small rooms are comfortable, and the TV whilst being small is adequate - but tell me, who spends a lot of time in their room whilst on holiday?Staff were efficient and friendly. No refridgerator in room, and showers had moderate pressure, so if you want a hot shower driving in your face, you might have to ask to see if it varies from room to room.One note, just watch out for the hold on your credit card that gets made to secure your room.	
Feb 19 2007	A Great Stay	First and foremost, if you want a full experience of what San Francisco has to offer, this is an excellent place to stay without going broke. It's literally a five minute walk from Union Square, the Museum of Modern Art, Yerba Buena Gardens and the Westfield mall. Plus, it's accesible by almost every form of transportation (car, BART, Muni) since it's situated right on Market/4th. The lobby is small but nicely decorated and the hotel also features a recording studio. The rooms have a modern decor and are aesthetically pleasing, however, the single rooms are somewhat small (but not cramped). At first, I was skeptical of this place since I've never been to a hotel with shared bathroom/washroom facilities but I was pleasantly suprised. The bathroom was spotless, same goes for the washroom and each room was equiped with its own sink. If you're the germophobic type, they have rooms with ensuites. As an added bonus, the desk and housekeeping staff were probably the most friendly and helpful that I've ever encountered. Overall, this is an excellent way to enjoy the sights and sounds of San Francisco minus the sometimes pretentious attitudes of the downtown core.	
Feb 7 2007	Fashionable affordable lil' gem close to the action!	The Mosser is the hidden jewel amongst the towering (and overpriced!) hotel giants in the San Francisco area. On every trip to SFO, I stay there - it has the best combination of affordable price, clean, modern rooms, and a great location! In addition, it has access (paid) to wireless broadband internet (which is more a necessity that a luxury these days!)I wish there were 10 stars - I would award them all..	
