	Nice place nice location huge room free parking!	My daughter and I stayed here over Thanksgiving weekend. The price was very reasonable and there was free parking in an upper and lower garage that both felt safe. Our room was huge and we had no complaints about cleanliness. The room had a coffeemaker, hair dryer and iron. We felt that the location was very convenient, but that may have been because we had a car. I don't know about it's accessibility to public transportation.My only 'complaint' would be that I had called before arriving and asked if we could hook our Wii gaming system to the TV in the room. I was told we could, but actually were unable to do so. I had gone through the trouble of disconnecting it from our TV at home and had rented extra games that we couldn't use, so this was a real disappointment. The flip side of our problem though was the man at the front counter was VERY nice in trying to help me figure out how to get the Wii to work on the room TV.I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to others.	
Nov 25 2009 	Clean and secure place to stay in San Francisco	We found our room to be adequate while a small fridge would have been helpful since there is no breakfast served here. Parking was free (a real plus in the city!) and we felt safe and secure our one-night stay. We walked to Fishermans Wharf but it is quite a hike especially after a long day. A number of other hotels are all along Lombard Street and we wondered if we wouldn't have been better off with one that included the breakfast since no restaurants adjacent.	
Oct 19 2009 	Highly recommended	We stayed here for 4 nights and were extremely pleased with the location, the room, and the staff. Every one was very friendly. Yes, Lombard St. is noisy, but hey, it's a busy street! So many great restaurants within easy walking distance of the hotel. And a view of the bridge, too. If you have a car, you can't beat the free parking. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Oct 9 2009 	A Great Find	I found this hotel online and was given a discount when I phoned to make the reservation. I didn't really know what to expect, but the price was right and the parking was free. We were very pleased with our stay. The hotel is in close walking distance to the Piers and right along the bus lines.We were in two different rooms during our stay, since one of us was sick and there are no cleaning staff on at night (trust me, you don't want the details!). The first was VERY large. It could have easily fit 2 queen size beds, but only had one plus a table. As I had read in other reviews, you could hear street traffic, but we were not bothered by that since we live on a busy street at home. The room we were moved to on our second night was a smaller but so quiet. It was an inside room and the window just opened to a brick wall. I would choose this room over one with a street view, just because it was so quiet.The hotel is older and didn't have a lot of extra frills, but is a good value - especially if you arrive in SF by car. The women I spoke to on the phone when making the reservation was very helpful. The male staff (2) that we dealt with at the hotel were a little hit and miss. Sometimes very helpful - Other times, not rude, but not particularly thrilled to see us.	
Sep 22 2009	Perfect location	Great location between the Golden Gate Bridge and Fisherman's Wharf. Best of all, in between Union St. and Chestnut Sts. where you'll find great restaurants. Clean, comfortable, reasonbly priced and parking included!!!! Request a room in the back as the street noise is very loud.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great hotel!	We stayed at the Coventry Motor Inn over our spring break in March. Everything about this place was wonderful! No real amenities except for free parking and wireless internet, but it was a great price and a great location. The hotel is also very spacious and clean and the front desk staff were helpful! If we ever come back to San Francisco again, we will be staying here!!!!	
Sep 7 2009 	Great deal at the Coventry Motor Inn San Francisco	The Coventry Motor Inn in San Francisco is a great spot--clean, central, great service and free parking! We would highly recommend this place for great value and service overall.My husband and I received a discount for booking online and were really pleased with the exceptional front desk service. From our initial check-in, the front desk staff were exceedingly polite and helpful with tips about things to see and do and advice on best driving routes (included maps and Internet print-outs). The room was a nice size, clean, quiet and comfortable. We arrived earlier that the advertised check-in time and were gladly accomodated. Parking on-site is an added bonus since it's hard to find and pretty expensive in the San Francisco city area.	
Aug 28 2009 	pleasantly surprised!	You will have a very clean and comfortable room, there is an ice machine and soft drink dispenser on each floor. Our room had the window towards the back allee, which was somewhat noisy at times during the night (other tourists).	
Aug 26 2009 	Reliable and Solid	Keep returning to the Coventry and it's just so reliable. The rooms are a good size and beds comfortable. Ask for a quiet room and you'll get a good nights sleep but be aware that Lombard Street is busy 24/7. There is tea and coffee making facilities in the room which are a plus. Only complaint would be - when are the flat screen TVs coming? The current old style ones are screwed into the wall and not ideal for viewing in bed. Come on Coventry, let's get up to date. But in fact the overall feel is 1980s (in a good way) so perhaps we shouldnt be too surprised. Great location. Easy to get around. Lots of places to eat, drink and shop within a few mins walk (Chesnut and Union Sts). Great people work there by the way - always happy to help. Recommended - it does what it says on the tin, as they say!	
Jun 28 2009 	Fine Accomodations with Free Parking	Just returned from our first visit to San Francisco. We stayed at Coventry Motor Inn and were very pleased with our experience there. The location is very convenient to bus lines and is not far from Fisherman's Wharf. The desk clerk was very helpful with questions about getting around and made good suggestions for breakfast restaurants.Our room was off Lombard St. so it was quiet. (Make sure you ask for room off main street because Lombard can be very busy and noisy). The room was large and clean and had obviously been recently refurbished with new paint, bathroom fixtures, etc. Would definitely stay there again!	
Jun 13 2009 	Ticked every box	Great motel and when you factor in free parking and great advice from the reception team this is the best value for money stay on Lombard street. Only a pleasant 15 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf. Difficult to fault.	
Jun 12 2009 	Ideal for long weekend in San Francisco	We stayed in the Coventry Motor Inn for four nights at the start of a three week tour around California. Our room was at the rear of the hotel, which meant that, although Lombard Street can be busy, we weren't disturbed by traffic noise. The location of the hotel is good - Fisherman's Wharf attractions are within walking distance and there are a number of bus routes that pass close by. Although there is ample parking, you could stay here and see San Francisco without a car. The gentleman on reception was very helpful and knowledgable about the area. We can recommend Mel's Diner, just a couple of blocks away, for breakfast and there is a good choice of restaurants within ten to fifteen minutes walk of the hotel - we particularly liked the Dragon Well - a Chinese restaurant on Chestnut Street.	
Jun 8 2009 	Convenient location with free parking	Nice hotel in a good part of San Francisco and within walking distance of Fishermans Wharf etc. We stayed two nights and explored much of the town by foot which made for a relaxing time, not the cheapest hotel but the free parking makes it seem so.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great value find	We stayed at the Coventry Motor Inn for 2 nights in May 2009. The hotel's location on Lombard Street gives easy access to all of SF's great sites, it's located around a 10 minute walk to the famous crooked section of the street, and around 15 minutes walk to Fishermans Wharf (though note that it's another 10-15 minutes to get to Pier 33 where the Alcatraz tours leave). It's also around 5 minutes from buses which can take you to Union Square, Castro, Haight &amp; Ashley and the great Golden Gate Bridge. A cab back from Union Square will set you back around US$ 10 + tip. The room we had was both clean and comfortable and the hotel also offers free parking. Plus the hotel offers free internet in your room which of course is always a must when travelling. A great value option for visitors to San Fran.	
May 23 2009 	This was a great choice.	Nice! I was a little hesitant -but the price, location, free parking and other reviews made me do it. Thanks everybody!	
May 22 2009 	clean hotel with free parking	We stayed in this hotel for three nights and were very satisfied with it. The staff was very helpful and the parking was free! The room was a little dated but very clean, and let's face it, we weren't spending much time in the hotel room anyway. The hotel is not really near anything, but easy access to the bus line (the #30 bus runs 1 block away) makes it a great value choice for travelers to SF who have a car and want a decent place to stay. Weak wifi signal but the front desk will loan you a network cable.	
May 19 2009 	Why pay more when the Coventry has it all?	We stayed here for 3 nights as a precursor to our 3 week RV trip around California. We'd pre-booked a quiet room at the rear, and asked for an early check-in as our flight from Europe arrived around mid-day. Everything was arranged as we'd requested; the desk staff were very friendly, professional and helpful and the room was just as described. Big enough for all our paraphernalia, comfortable king-size bed, both wired and wireless internet connection (the former much faster), very clean and well maintained.Even though we didn't have a car (which would have made it even better value) we found the price very reasonable for what, to us, seemed like an expensive city. The buses pass very near giving excellent access to all areas of the City, and the attractive Marina district leading to the Palace of Fine Arts and the Exploratorium is just a step away. Plenty of local restaurants, delicatessens and coffee shops complete the picture.We were very comfortable at this hotel and would recommend it to anyone. We'd certainly stay here again.	
May 13 2009 	Ideal for self-drive travellers	The four of us chose this from previous reviews, the Columbus being a bit expensive, and everything was as expected. There isn't any more to add. Fridges and better soundproofing from the traffic would rate 5 stars. Yes, the staff were pleasant and helpful. Yes the rooms were roomy, modern and clean. But let's hear it for the management! Whoever came up with the concept for this family of hotels, with their free, undercover secure parking, deserves congratulations. It also takes good management to keep the buildings modern and the staff consistently polite and efficient.	
Apr 26 2009 	Good budget choice if you have a car	Our first hotel of our trip, the Coventry was a welcome sight after the long journey from London. The hotel is a little basic but the room was big and equipped with everything you would get in a 3/4 star hotel in the UK.Requested a fridge to be put in the room for an extra $5 a night. Useful for chilling drinks but a little noisy throughout the night.Although out of the centre, the hotel was only a short walk from the Wharf and within easy of buses and trams.Couple of pluses for use were 1) the free parking as the charges advertised around the city appeared expensive and 2) free Wi-fi in every roomNot luxury but if you plan on spending most of your time sightseeing then would definitely recommend it for value and convenience	
Apr 17 2009 	Great room and a great location	My partner and I just finished a 3 night stay at the Coventry. Very charming design and very close to everything as it's on Lombard St. We were able to walk to Fisherman's Wharf and able to catch a bus to every other attraction in San Francisco.The rooms were quite large and very clean. We were lucky to be given a room on the quiet side of the hotel (#101) although it must be near where the housekeeping is kept as the hallway does become quite noisy in the mornings. My only complaint is there isn't a bar fridge for storing drink bottles etc. The front reception was very helpful and they were able to give us directions to almost everywhere. Check in and check was very quick. Also they have free wifi.All in all a great hotel with affordable rooms in a very accessbile part of San Francisco.	
Feb 4 2009 	Affordable and Clean!	We stayed here for New Year's Eve for less than $100, and our party took place just 4 blocks away. That right there made our experience extremely positive. Free parking is also just such a rarity in the Marina. The room was surprisingly very clean, and the bed was also pretty comfortable. This is definitely an affordable gem, and we would absolutely stay here again if we needed a clean and comfy place to crash!	
Feb 2 2009 	Great location and easy to find	Drove in over the Golden Gate Bridge and virtually onto Lombard Street and hotel with great free parking about 5 mins on the right. Check in very quick and Vince was great with loads of information and free maps to help us get our bearing and a good start to our stay.Room was very clean and spacious, plenty of storage and full bathroom which was pretty big too.Plenty of cafe, restaurants and bars all within walking distance.	
Dec 19 2008 	Best value in Baghdad by the Bay	As a former resident of San Francisco, I chose the Coventry for what I knew to be a good location (also due to favorable comments on Trip Advisor). Some of the best eating in the Marina District is steps away on Chestnut St and public transportation stops literally on the doorstep. What I didn't expect (for the extremely reasonble price) was the quality of room and service. The former was spotless and modern--and everything functioned as it should. The latter was superb--solicitous without being smarmy. On future trips to SF , I will most definitely stay at the Coventry or one of her sister properties. I also look forward to trying out their new place in the Napa Valley	
Dec 13 2008 	Convenient to downtown	Stayed three nights. Clean, comfortable accomodations. Good parking. The reservation and check out process went smoothly. Coventry is convenient to most of the San Francisco attractions with access to public transportation about 2 blocks away. For 2 days we never touched the car but used our City Pass or walked. Friendly staff.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great expectations......	.......................no disappointments.We chose the Coventry Motor Inn having read the helpful reviews on Trip Advisor.Even before we arrived, our questions were answered promptly and accurately - not just about the hotel but about other things - travel times to attractions etc.We had to tweak our booking too - again no problem at all.When we arrived, we'd been given the quiet room we asked for and everything about the Inn was even better than we'd been led to expect.A friendly welcome, a very spacious room, all clean, tidy &amp; working and great advice too.When we got our hire car, the Parking's free, which is great too.Mel's Diner just a couple of blocks down the street is straight out of American Graffiti - the staff are very friendly and efficient, the foods good, the portions huge!!Breakfasts are fab value, dinners equally so.Just a street or two further away is a good selection of other eateries - you're spoilt for choice.Just a block from the Inn is a Fedex shop where you can use the Internet - great for us as we have a business to run, there's a Walgreens and a Safeway just a couple of blocks away as well as a handy convenience store right across Buchanan Street.All in all, a superb stay. Thank you Sherman, Vince, Carmen and Dave (the Manager!!)See you again sometime.	
Nov 18 2008 	Very good hotel	We are a couple of French people and we spent two nights at the Coventry on July 2008.Very nice hotel, quiet (we were at the back), convenient (not too far from Fisherman’s Wharf by bus), nice prices, nice rooms.All the staff was OK, but a very special big THANK YOU to Vince, who helped us a lot : the Airlines company lost one of our luggage (with medical treatment in it), and Vince spent a very long time to phone at the company, explain us what to do, always cool and friendly.Mister Vince, you really did the job : thanks again for your kindness and professionnalism. We definitely recommend the Coventry.	
Oct 18 2008 	Great Location	We stayed at the Coventry Motor Inn for a week while we explored San Francisco. We found it to be in an excellent location for either walking to areas we wanted to see ie The Marina, Fort Mason, Chrissy Fields, The Golden Gate Bridge, Fisherman's Wharf or for jumping onto the MUNI transport system to travel further afield. We even had a view of The Golden Gate Bridge from our window on the third floor.Our room was spacious and included a table and 2 chairs, plenty of drawers and hanging space for storage of clothes.Everything was kept very clean and and our sheets and towels were changed regularly.The reception staff were friendly and helpful when needed, particularly, in our case, when we first nervously collected our hire car . The gentleman on duty that day kindly gave us a reasssuring run-down on the workings of the automatic gears and the brakes etc before we set off on our travels beyond San Francisco . The free street map showing the public transport routes was very useful.We found plenty of good restaurants and diners only a short walk away on Lombard Street and Chestnut Street. The Bay Watch, a restaurant attached to one of the nearby sister motels did a very good breakfast. Our room was over looking Lombard Street which is a main road and did have a steady flow of traffic along it - rather like listening to loud waves whooshing on the shore - I've heard worse and although we were aware it was there it didn't disturb us.	
Oct 6 2008 	Great as ever	We have now stayed here over a number of years and we have never been disappointed. The staff are welcoming, the rooms large and immacuately clean. For us, the location is excellent with the local restaurants of Chestnut and Union streets, the walk along the waterfront to Golden Gate Bridge and the ease of public transportion. There is a real sense of care and commitment to the guest evident here; this is what makes it special.	
Aug 20 2008 	Good place to stay	Nice big room; good location; helpful staff; parking free and useful. We had 3 nights here recently and were very pleased with all aspects - paid a little bit extra for a bigger room which was advised when we booked from the UK on the phone. Worth it - very large room and good sized bathroom.	
Aug 13 2008 	Great place to stay!	Clean, large rooms, friendly and helpful staff....what more could you ask for for the price and location?Yes, the property is old - as a matter of fact, the front desk manager told us that their property is due for renovation in the next two years. But, really, the ONLY thing I could see that really needs changed is the carpet. It's stained.....but clean.They rescued us from having to stay at the Ramada Limited across the street, where we were originally booked into. They understood our problem, didn't seem surprised at our disgust, and got us checked in in minutes.If I am ever in San Francisco, I will definitely stay there.	
Aug 11 2008 	Bargain if you stay in SF with a car	This motor inn is a very good choice if you are with a car in San Francisco and don’t want to spend big money on parking. The parking is for free at Coventry and also in other motor inns. Our room was big, very clean and bright. The hotel definitely needs to be re-furnished in the future, it is a bit outdated. Plenty of towels in the bath.Be sure to ask for a backyard room right at the reservation! The building is located in the noisy Lombard street.	
Aug 3 2008	Outdated but a great price makes you look at it!	Outdated with stained carpets, we usually stay at much nicer places, but the cost and proximity to the Warf and free parking made this a bit of a bargain. Don't expect a 3 class hotel, it's a 2 class at best, but clean and comfortable.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great value good location warm welcome	I was shocked by the prices of hotels in San Francisco in summer, but gladly I found the coventry motor inn!Excellent value, nice rooms (order a fridge up front for $5). Free parking and free internet!It's not fancy but very adequate and reasonably priced	
Jun 25 2008 	Great Place to Stay for the Price	I booked this hotel based on reviews at tripadvisor.com and I was not disappointed. The rooms are a bit outdated, but they are very large and clean. Through the web site, we requested extra pillows and a refrigerator (for a $5 a day charge) and both were in place when we arrived. A big draw for us was the free parking which was great.We stayed two nights at the beginning of our California vacation and two nights at the end of the vacation. On the first visit, we were on the Lombard St. side of the hotel, and it was pretty noisy, but there is a partially obstructed view of the GG Bridge, so that was kind of nice. The noise wasn't horrible (compared to some places I have stayed in NYC) but it might bother sensitive people. On the second visit, we were on the back side of the hotel, on Moulton St., and it was a bit quieter. There was still a little noise, but it was much better.The bed and pillows were very comfortable, and there was plenty of hot water and water pressure in the shower. The front desk staff was very friendly and offered suggestions on places to eat and things to see. The hotel is close to public transportation and there are plenty of places to eat in the neighborhood. The best place that we found for dinner was Silver Clouds. It appears to be a bar, but we had a very nice meal there. The early bird special (before 7:30) was $10.95 and included salad, entree (such as grilled salmon or osso buco), pasta, veggies, and dessert. There are also lots of neighborhood restaurants/bars and unique shops on Union Street (not Union Square) which is a couple of blocks away.Security seems good. You must use a room key to access the elevator from the parking garage or lobby levels. If you have a car, park in the garage on the lobby level when you arrive since you won't have a key for the elevator.Wireless internet access was free and worked well from the room.There was no free breakfast and no microwave available, but other than that, everything was great. Also, there was no pool, but it was too cool to swim outdoors while we were there anyway.	
May 27 2008	Great Hotel for the money	Larger than expected, needs some updating but overall very clean and nice place to stay. Thought the wharf would be closer, needed to take bus to the wharf far walk. Bus stop 2 blocks over, muni can take you anywhere you needed to go. Front desk very helpful, courteous. With the exception of a request for printing out boarding passes for airline departure. could have been just the one person at desk at time. Had to get someone from home to do for me. I had a front corner room which was fine, traffice noise was not a factor at all. The only suggestion I would have for this hotel is to put mini frigs in rooms. Would definetly stay there again. If luxury hotel is not a factor then this is the place to stay. Very reasonable priced. They also have sister Inn's in area as well. One has a cafe inside. Be prepared to alot of walking if you dont have car. Also don't do the bike over the bridge if you want an extensive workout. 4 1/2 miles just to get to bridge with uphill climbs. Then over bridge and another 3 miles or so to town of Saulsalito, which I highly reccomend. But bike ride there was on a highway. scary. This would have been fine and I definetly would do again, just if We were more informed of what was ahead of trip. Would have been more prepared. There is a local store across the street from hotel if you need anything. Also gas station down street as well. Loved San Francisco, cannot wait to go back.	
May 25 2008 	Decent value for the city	The Coventry and it's sister motel the Chelsea, are decent and reasonable places to stay in San Francisco. Definitely one of the better places to stay. The Marina District is one of the better neighborhoods and there is a lot to do that is within walking or public transportation range.For the best rate, book on-line. Front desk staff were helpful and did not try to rip me off when I added an extra night to my stay. Room was clean &amp; king size bed was very comfortable.	
May 20 2008 	Very plesant stay!!!	We stayed in this hotel in may 2008. The rooms are very big and very clean! We really recommend this to anyone who goes to San Francisco. The servicedesk is very helpfull! We really enjoyed the stay!!!!	
May 14 2008	Clean Comfortable and Convenient	We recently spent a weekend at the Coventry and found it a very satisfactory experience. We did have a room in the back away from the traffic of Lombard Street so noise was not a problem. The housekeeping staff was very friendly and did a wonderful job keeping things clean. The location is very convenient for getting places by car, foot or public transportation. There are plenty of good restaurants within walking distance.	
May 2 2008 	Excellent value for money central location nice staff	Family friendly, large rooms, very nice and helpful staff, central location. We can fully recommend the Coventry Inn, possibly with one reservation: Lombard Street has lots of traffic and they don't have rooms with two big beds to the back. We got ours facing the side street which still got a fair share of noise. We would defenitely not have liked one to the front.	
Apr 6 2008 	Coventry Motor Inn - FREE PARKING!	First and foremost, paying $40 plus dollars for parking per night is outlandish. This seems to be the average price for parking when staying in the SF area...That being said, parking is FREE at the Coventry Motor Inn!I was a bit skeptical at first seeing how the rates were quite low, but the reviews were high and thought why not take a chance and save some money in the process.The location is about .5 miles from the piers which is a brisk morning walk. SF has a very good public transportation system so utilize it during your stay. Once I arrived at the Inn, I parked and didn't touch my car until we departed. Don't even bother trying to find parking in SF...You either have to pay an enormous fee for valet, or park a mile away from your destination.On to the Inn...Location was great. Located about .3 miles from the famous crookedest street. It's on the same street (Lombard), so it's an easy walk up the hill. Restaurants, gas station, mini-marts were all located within a block or so from the Inn.Front desk could've been a bit friendlier upon arrival, but the agent was young and seemed to have worked a long shift, so no biggie. He was however quite helpful in giving us information on the bus and cable lines and also made some great restaurant suggestions.The rooms are pretty basic. No microwaves or refrigerators, but they did have the normal amenities such as hairdryer, iron and ironing board, TV, a/c, etc. Just a no frills room meant to be slept in. Not much of a view from the windows, but what do you expect in the middle of a city. Also, try to request a room near the back of the building as the front of the Inn seems to be on a fairly busy street. I’m not too sensitive to noise, but I thought it would be good advice nonetheless.The room was clean and well maintained. Bathroom seemed recently updated with nice countertops and hardware. Water pressure was good and hot water abundant. Sheets, pillows and bed were fine as well. Fresh and clean.All in all, it was a great value and the money that we saved staying here more then paid for the other expenses occurred such as having very nice dinners and some side shopping. I'd highly recommend it. Don't forget...free parking! We saved almost $120 alone on not having to pay for parking…that’s gas money on the way home..haha.	
Mar 31 2008 	Good Value	The Coventry is a good, basic motel. It is pretty outdated but very clean. For the price ( with parking!), it is a great stay. The staff, especially Sherman at the front desk, was friendly and helpful. The location is our favorite in SF. It is walking distance form the Chestnut street shops and the Marina/Chrissy Field. If you have kids, you can't ask for a better location; there's even a great playground and library just blocks away.	
Mar 12 2008	Great place!	We booked the Coventry for 3 nights, after a recommendation from the California Welcome Centre on Pier 39 (she rang up and sorted it out for us!) - it was a great place! Really friendly staff, free parking, large room, good bathroom / shower - easy to get around San Francisco using this as your base. Paid $89 for Saturday night, and $76 for the other nights, plus tax.	
Feb 27 2008 	Thanks again Trip Advisor - Loved The Coventry	Very happy with our stayPROs:Nice large clean room, 2 Queen beds and a large sitting area with a sofa, table and a couple of chairs. Coffe maker, iron and ironing board.Very friendly staff - check in was only a little more than a couple of minutes because I was chatting with the nice gentleman checking us in. He put us on the top floor farthest away from Lombard Street so the room was nice and quiet.Decor is dated but who cares if it is clean and functional and it is. Soda machine even had Ginger Ale in it of all things - so even that seems a little dated (but I love it and was happy) :)Largest elevator I have ever seen in a hotel/motel so if you have a ton of bags you won't have a problem. FREE parking - that adds up to big savings in SF.Short walk to catch public transport and plenty of nice places to eat within walking distance.Overall a great value - after all you aren't in SF to just hang out in your room - what do you need a plasma TV and a Jacuzzi tub for.CON:Water tastes a little off so we just used bottled water to make our coffee.Would I stay here again? YesWould I recommend it? Yes	
Feb 27 2008 	Great value and very comfortable	My wife and I stayed for four nights at the beginning of a trip to California. Free parking and internet access were a draw but we were delighted with all aspects of the hotel. It compared very favourably with the Nob Hill Motor Inn which we stayed in at the end of our trip.We booked on the hotel web site three weeks in advance and paid on average less than $100 a night (including taxes) for four days which included a weekend.The bedroom was huge and very clean. There was loads of storage space. The bathroom had everything you need and the towels were lovely and fluffy - even if they could have been a little bigger. Unlike some Motor Inns, the room was just like being in a normal hotel with large bay windows with a view (we were on the third floor).Car parking was easy - there is a large underground basement car park and reception was very efficient and friendly.The location was OK. It's on Lomard Street which carries a lot of traffic. We were in a room overlooking Buchanan Street and weren't disturbed by noise at all. Union Street is just 3 blocks away and Fort Mason and Fisherman's Wharf are an easy 15-30 minute walk. Getting to the downtown shopping area around Union Square is probably best done by Muni or taxi - but many of the sights of San Francsico are best accessed by car in any case.There is a coffee maker in the room - but no fridge, no microwave and no breakfast provided. So if these are important to you look elsewhere. But a short walk down Lombard Street is Mel's Drive-in diner which does a great breakfast. There are other local choices as well.So great value, very comfortable and very convenient. We'd stay again. If the Coventry Motor Inn is full it might be worth trying the other hotels in the group - The Chelsea, Cow Hollow Motor Inn and others - though we don't have direct experience of them.	
Feb 11 2008 	Great value for money	We needed somewhere reasonably priced with plenty of parking and the Coventry Motor Inn fitted the bill brilliantly. It was excellent value for money - under $100 a night with free parking, free internet access and large comfortable clean rooms. No frills or facilities but none were needed. Its five minutes walk in either direction to streets full of restaurants, but twice we walked to Fisherman's Wharf and back for dinner which took us 20-30 mins. The walk was mostly flat which was another bonus! We also walked to the Hyde/Beach cable car stop and along the marina to the Exploratorium.	
Jan 10 2008 	Ok stay at Coventry	We booked this one based on previous review and took the advice and asked for the buchanan St view when booking. That and the other advantage of off street parking included - which was a major thing as parking in SF is extremely limited and expensive - $30/day. The room was spacious, clean and the beds were comfy - make sure you ask for extra pillows as they are pretty flat. Had no problem getting into and out of the car park, even with our rental trailblazer - always had spaces available in the basement park. Very close to shops and attractions - 2 miles.	
Dec 20 2007 	So Quiet! So Friendly!	Our stay was so quiet, we were very surprised! Be sure to request a room in the back...&quot;Mouton Street&quot; side. They really do keep good tabs on your requests because we didn't once have to remind them about anything. It was all there waiting for us. The rooms were a good size and so was the bathroom. The room was also very clean and the bed was comfortable. The view was an alley way, but we did not stay for the view. We stayed to spend the weekend in the city and sleep soundly at a good price.I cannot tell you how nice the front desk people are. Check in/check out was a very fast experience. These people are prepared! It's they had been waiting for you to walk through the door all day. Wonderful! We are so very glad we stayed here and will stay here again. It was a very good deal. We also felt very safe there. Something that I have not felt in other motels on Lombard or in other parts of the city. This motel is close to everything and one block away from a major bus line that takes you through the heart of the city. Shopping is also close by. Union St is a must to look around. Perry's is a great place to eat breakfast as well. It's only three or so blocks away and the desk people let us park our car after we checked out just so we could experience Perry's. Parking here is safe and free!	
Dec 12 2007 	Really an excellent motor inn	Arrived for our early scheduled check in, was greeted by very friendly staff, the higher floor back room which I had also requested was ready. The hotel is great, yes it could do with a make over, but the rooms are clean, the staff friendly and helpful and the price is great for the location, plus free parking. Excellent hotel for a visit to San Francisco.	
Oct 26 2007 	great deal! can be noisy	Terrific deal for less than one hundred and free parking and internet. Large clean room with a bay window. VERY comfortable beds and NO noise from the other rooms. 30 minute walk to fisherman's wharf. I called the same day I needed the room so was not able to geta room NOT facing Lombard St so had A LOT of street noise from Lombard! but we still found we could sleep with the noise. Neighborhood felt safe and lots of good restaurants nearby.	
Oct 10 2007 	What A Stay In The City By The Bay!	I stayed at this motor inn for one week in october I booked two queen beds, the room we had was facing buchanan street at the side of the building on the third floor the room was huge with two queen beds which would have slept three people easily on each bed. there was a table with three chairs, sofa, and a refrigerator and the bathroom was also very roomy, this room was just an incredible value for the money not to mention the free wireless internet access , free local phone calls and the most important thing the free parking we used our car to drive up and down the crooked street, muir woods and over the golden gate bridge into sausalito and other side trips dont forget to make reservations at spinnakers in sausalito the view was absolutely unbelieveable.we also purchased a seven day muni passport. the #30 stockton will get you to chinatown, northbeach, union square, and ghiradelli square where you can delight in the best hot fudge sundae I have ever tasted.I got one of the best feelings jumping off a cable car before it even stopped.you must use your key to get to the elevator which made us feel very secure,special thanks to sherman at the front desk for outstanding customer service and providing great directions there was some street noise at night but not enought to keep us awake I sleeped liked a baby.Im so glad I decided to go this route instead of staying in one of those cramped hotel rooms in union square with no car or a $40 a day charge to park my car thanks coventry motor inn for making my trip to sanfrancisco unforgetable .......	
Oct 1 2007	Good value for money	We stayed in this Motel for three nights following the good reviews on trip advisor, and we were not disappointed. The main reason we chose this Motel over others was due to the fact it had free parking, which was a real plus. Also, we booked the Motel over the internet so we got a good price ([--])The Motel is in a really good location, with the famous Lombard Street 'Crookedest Street in the World' about a 20 min walk from the Motel (all uphill!!). You can also walk to Fishermans Wharf which is about 30 min walk.In the evenings if you dont fancy walking too far to eat, head towards Fillmore Street and Divisadero Street, 5 mins north of Lomard where there are restaurants and bars. The room was a good size and was clean. Very good value for money.	
Oct 1 2007 	Excellent Location Exceptional Value for Money	This hotel was a welcome relief to the beggars we constantly encountered in Geary St. I was a little apprehensive after seeing the website - it didnt look overly appealing. However on arrival I was pleasantly suprised. The room was very spacious, very quiet and the bathroom was really large too with lots of space for your toiletries etc. A great location - it is a couple of blocks from Union St (great thai restaurant - Osha) and also Chestnut St - lined with cute cafes, wine bars, restaurants and beautiful boutiques and mainstream shops. We loved eating brunch at Grove cafe and just strolling around these areas. It was so nice not to be hassled by beggars like we previously were around Union Square.	
Sep 30 2007 	Good priced clean motel with good location	We recently stayed for 4 nights in the Coventry Motor Inn during our two week road trip around California. Coventry Motor Inn was one of several motels we could have chosen from within our budget but based on the reviews on Trip Advisor we decided to stay there. The staff were really helpful and friendly when we arrived and we had requested a back room (based on advice from previous visitors), which we were given. A back room is definitely a good request as the motel is on a very busy and noisy street. The room was very comfortable and clean and had everything that we needed including a coffee maker. The location is pretty good with lots of bars and restaurants nearby plus it's only a 15 minute walk to Fisherman's wharf. There are also two MUNI bus routes within a couple minutes walk of the motel from which you can pretty much get anywhere in the city. The only negative point is that on our floor (2nd), there were a number of vending machines close to the lifts that were very noisy and would probably be disturbing if you were staying a room next to them. However, we would definitely stay there again as it is a clean, comfortable and reasonably priced motel and particularly ideal if you've got a car, due to ample parking facilities.	
Sep 30 2007 	Great Motel !	The Coventry Motor Inn is located in a nice area on Lumbard Street at Buchanan St. Walk one block west on Buchanan and catch a cross town bus every few minutes to any where. Lots of eating areas nearby. Our room was very clean with a large with a bay window. There is in garage on site parking at no extra charge. The motel is three stories and the elevator is quick. Walk east up hill on Buchanan to the Gumba Juice place for a fast healthy breakfast. The price for the hotel is very reasonable for downtown San Francisco. Met a fellow that moved from the Ramada Inn across the street to the Coventry for a much nicer place. This was our first family trip to San Francisco and we lucked out with this decision. The motel is not far from Fisherman's Wharf. We to bought the City Pass and toured the city. It was great! If you have any questions, call me at 614-761-0368	
Sep 14 2007 	Not our first choice	We stayed at the Westin our first 3 nights in San Francisco,but we forgot somehow to book the 4th night.By the time we arrived at the westin they said they were booked.We called to EVERY MAJOR HOTEL in the city but they were all sold out.So we were forced to book this place.The comforter smelled like it hadn't been washed in a while.But other then that it was just an average motel.	
Sep 1 2007 	Great location	The hotel is located on Lombard street (yes, the famous crooked street) and is a 10 mintue walk to Fisherman's Wharf, 20 minutes to Golden Gate, 25 minues to China Town. A great location and safe area. The room was spacious, clean (especially the bathroom), and welcoming. You have to enter the elevator via the garage parking lot but ´that was actually pretty useful. Don't expect room service but this isn't needed as there are plenty of restaurants in the area! All in all I experienced good service, especially from the owner who I had a good talk with about San Francisco - there are lots of brochures and info laid out. I highly recommend this hotel due to the great price and location.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great location if you have a car	Hotel was very clean and easily accessible. If you have a car it was a great location. Perfect access to the Muir Woods and Golden Gate. Sausalito was a great place that you should check out. Cable cars were not very close to hotel. Definately recommend a pizza place called Amici. It was close to hotel and had the best pizza we've ever had!! The hotel front desk guy was very nice and helpful. He helped us with the places we don't want to get caught in at night. The beds were soft and we slept great!! I would definately recommend this hotel. Try for a room off Lomard Street. It can get loud.	
Aug 27 2007 	Very nice place but can be noisy.	I stayed for 3 nights in August 2007. Nice large and clean room with free wireless internet. I had a very nice stay, BUT avoid rooms towards the street, because these rooms are VERY noisy. Get a room away from the street, and you will have a very nice stay.Jorn Rosenkilde, Copenhagen, Denmark	
Aug 20 2007 	A great deal at a wonderful hotel	I am very impressed at how much you get for your money at this hotel down by the marina in San Francisco. I come to SF often on business and have to stay up near Union Square. I have paid twice as much for much less than I got here. The room is large, very clean and comfortable. There are little things like coffee maker with glass mugs over paper, which is what you will usually get at these kind of places. The front desk was friendly and printed out our boarding passses for us and the internet works perfectly (and it's free - both wireless and wired). Free Parking!!!! That is unheard of in San Francisco (ususal tarif is $30-40/day). They also have an iron and an ironing board.Lombard in noisy. They gave us the choice of a room on Lombard which has more light, or a courtyard one which is quieter and a bit darker. I chose this one because i'd rather have the light. It was a bit noisy during the day, but it didn't interupt my sleep. We found the location great - close to the marina and Union Street (great place for restaurants). We are only a few miles to Union Square which you can get to via public transport or take a cab. We had a car so it was no problem.I would stay here again definitley	
Aug 10 2007 	Great Stay near the Marina!	Stayed here for three nights during a conference at Fort Mason. The hotel was ideally located to my conference area, about a 10 minute walk. First let me say the staff was reallly welcoming and friendly. When I arrived at SFO (from the East coast, on a 5 hour flight), it was early in the morning. I took a cab into the city after landing and had breakfast in Washington Square. By the time I arrived at the hotel it was near 12 noon. I didn't expect the hotel to check me into a room so early, but the front desk person made sure to check if a room was ready--and luckily it was! So the early check in was a big plus. The room was on the first floor. It had big bay windows (though the view was to an alley, but that's not a deal breaker) and it was relatively quiet. I had a king bed, which was really comfortable and wide (could possibly sleep 3 average-sized people comfortably). The room itself was very clean and spacious. Aside from being near my meeting, the location was great for finding restaurants within walking distance, particularly along Chestnut and Steiner streets. The hotel is also along frequent Muni bus routes, another plus for not having a car during your stay.Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the Coventry and would recommend it to others.	
Aug 8 2007 	Great but.....	I agree with most everything everyone has written..... however, our shower was pretty bad. Trickles of water, and cold one minute, scalding hot the next. Given that, we'd probably stay here again or at one of the sister properties when we come back because of the value.	
Aug 3 2007 	Excellent choice for a stay in SF	My wife and I stayed at the Coventry while visiting SF on our honeymoon. We picked it based on TripAdvisor.com reviews and we were not disappointed. The rates are excellent (we paid $96 a night) and the free parking is truly a great value. You can spend twice as much for a chain hotel, and still pay $50+ a night in parking fees!The location is great; At 11 p.m. the night before our city-wide tour, I needed to buy some batteries for my camera. No problem! There is a 24 hour WalGreens located just 6 blocks west on Lombard and Divisadero. This was a great spot to pick up some snacks, bagels, juice, etc. for the morning (the Coventry doesn't have a continental breakfast). There are a ton of great restaurants located within blocks from the inn, including a Taco Bell less than 2 blocks away, several diners and ethnic restaurants and more.We had to go to the Ferry Building on the east side of town in the morning, and we walked just 3 blocks south to a nearby Muni bus stop ($1.50 fare each and a 20 min ride took us to Market St., just in front of the Ferry Building).That evening, after taking an Alcatraz tour, we walked to In 'n Out Burger on the Wharf for some grub, and then walked to Ghirardelli Square for some ice cream. The Coventry was just a 10 minute walk from there and a great way to spend an evening stroll hand-in-hand. With a friendly staff, free wi-fi, free parking and a great location, I highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in San Francisco!	
Jul 11 2007 	Perfect For Our City Honeymoon!	My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon and it was wonderful! The bed was comfortable, the room was very clean, and the staff was very, very nice. We had a fridge in our room for a very small charge which was good for keeping breakfast and snacks cold. There is a family owned market across the street open 24/7 for anything you might need. The hotel is within walking distance of two major shopping areas (Chestnut St. and Union St.) and there is a bus stop one block away. Perfect! Great Value!	
Jul 8 2007 	We left our hearts in S.F.	This Inn is located in the famous Lombard St. We got the third floor room with a partial view of the bay &amp; Golden Gate Bridge. The location is great, close to Pier 39, Ghirardelli Square, lots of nice restaurants, all in walking distance. Parking is free!After having breakfast at Noah's Bagel (by Chestnut St.) we took a 20 min. morning walk to the Palace of Fine Arts Theatre. Good advice to wear a good walking shoes. We were very pleased with the room, decent &amp; very clean!! The only drawback is the noise of the cars at night, if your room is facing Lombard St. So if you don't mind not having the view of the bridge, you may consider the rooms facing the other street. The beds &amp; pillows were soft &amp; comfortable. You can't beat the price! We really enjoyed our weekend vacation in S.F! For the budget conscious travelers, this Inn is highly recommended!	
Jul 4 2007 	Great location and value	This is a comfortable, well run motel in the Marina district. It has large rooms, comfortable beds, and free parking. There are many dining options nearby, especially on Chestnut St. and Union St. It is on very noisy Lombard St., so it is preferable to get a room in the rear or bring ear plugs although the motel does have double pane windows. For what the motel offers, it is a good value for expensive San Francisco. Our room with two beds, during the week, in season, was $95/night.	
Jun 2 2007 	Loved the Coventry Motor Inn	Date : May 14-18 and May 24-26,2007Reviewer : Couple from Toronto,CanadaWe have returned to this Hotel after (6) years (first time we discovered this motor inn in 2001 when we stayed 4 nights )and have find it again excellent value for the money . We have stayed first (4) nights at the start of our 12 days trip in California . Loved the location being close to restaurants on Chestnut and Union St. and close to Marina. There is a Safeway food superstore at 3-4 minutes drive or 10-15 minutes walk.The first 4 days we did not rent a car. We bought a 3 day MUNI pass for $18/person good for all public transportation including unlimited cable car rides ( one cable car ride is $5US). The (30) trolley bus and runs on Chestnut st app 2 minutes walk from the hotel.Pros :Large , clean and nice roomsQuite rooms those not facing Lombard StExcellent Sealy mattress Free and secure ParkingNice and friendly front desk staffGood locationNice touch offering free apples at front deskCoffee/tea machine in the roomClose to attractions like 15-20 minutes walk to Girardelly Square, 30-45 minutes to Fisherman Wharf and Pier 39Free internet access - you can make use of it if you carry a computerConsLack of breakfastLack of free internet computer -	
Jun 2 2007 	good location free parking	Our family of 4 (2 adults, 2 children ages 10 &amp; 15) stayed here for the annual Bay-to-Breakers Run/Walk. We enjoy staying in different areas of SF. We stayed on the 3rd floor in a corner room overlooking Lombard St. Plenty of room. 2 double beds, couch, table/chairs, good-sized bathroom and clean. No noise heard from fellow residents, but the street below did get noisy, especially when the fire truck came through on a few occasions. We enjoyed the view from our window and the breeze. Nice mini-mart across the street, many sports bars nearby, sushi across the street, but were snobby (got a to-go &amp; seemed like we were a bother plus could not wait at the empty bar)--better one down the street. Yes, we would stay here again. Parking is free, but if you leave at night, you may not have a space upon arriving back. Always felt safe. Recommend walking to Chestnut (1 block) and taking bus #30, which will take within a block or 2 of Ghirardelli and if you stay on it, it will go up Columbus St (Washington Sq, Italian section, City Lights Bookstore) and Chinatown. Bus: $1.50 adults and .50, 17 &amp; under.	
May 18 2007 	Clean room convenient location but quite noisy	We stayed here for 4 nights a few weeks ago and was generally happy. Pros: - The room was large, clean and had all the amenities we needed. - The location is good as it's fairly close to all the major sites.- Free parking was also great and i felt my car was safe in the underground carpark. -The staff were friendly and helpful.Cons:- The only downside really is the noise. The hotel is on a very busy road with 3 lanes each way. I'm quite a light sleeper and found i was often woken by loud cars and motorbikes. To be fair many of the hotels are on this main road, so this is not an isolated problem.Overall a good stay, but i may consider somewhere quiter if going back to SF.	
May 17 2007 	Just as the other reviews said...	We stayed at the Coventry Motor Inn May 2-5, 2007. It was clean and the staff were friendly and helpful. They were able to arrange a ride to the San Fran Airport that was about $30 total for 2 people. We had taken the BART public transportation from the airport for around $16 total. The room was spacious. I would definitely request being on Moulton St. rather than facing Lombard St. If you are planning a lot of activities leaving from the Ferry Building or further along the Embarcadero than Pier 39, it is about a 40-45 minute walk to get over there. My boyfriend and I were very happy with this motor inn and we would stay there again. After eating a huge chocolate sundae at Ghiradelli Square, it was nice to have a 15 minute walk back to the room to digest!	
May 2 2007 	Great hotel for the money	We had a car, so free parking was important to us. Also, after reading other reviews, we asked for a room facing Buchanan Street which was large, clean, and quiet. We were able to walk to the Wharf one day, and while the location isn't in the middle of town, it is close to most of the places we wanted to go and easier to drive from. I highly recommend this property if you have a car and want to stay in San Francisco. Great value for the money we spent.	
Feb 20 2007 	We've Already Recommended the Coventry to Friends	What a great value for the money!! We had to make an overnight trip to San Francisco and had no idea where to stay. After looking at the Automobile Club guide and reading numerous reviews on TripAdvisor, we decided to chance the Coventry Motor Inn. We were not disappointed!!We made reservations via their website with specific requests as to room location (towards the back to keep from the noise from Lombard Street mentioned by other reviewers), the floor level, and extra pillows. Upon arriving, we found all our requests had been met. Our room, with a king bed, was priced at $77, plus room taxes, with a Sunday arrival in February 2007.Our room was just as pictured on the website and from candid photos posted on TripAdvisor by other guests. It was large, very clean, and comfortable. Had this been appointed with two queeen beds instead of the single king, there would still be plenty of room. The noise from Lombard Street mentioned by other reviewers could not be heard as our room was at the rear of the building facing Moulton Street. The bathroom was clean, well lit, equipped with a hair blow dryer, and had plenty of hot water. There was a coffee maker with both regular and decaffinated coffee along with tea bags, sugar, and powdered creamer. Parking on the property was a plus especially after viewing the difficulty locating spaces on nearby streets. The front desk staff were helpful and the housekeepers cheery. Luggage carts are near the elevator if needed. If you stay at this property make sure you walk a block north to Chestnut Street and then to the west. You'll find numerous restaurants, taverns, and shops. As a result, we had dinner in this area. We walked around after dark never felt unsafe. We returned to Chestnut Street the next morning to have breakfast.Keep in mind if you arrive on a weekday and are driving west on Lombard Street there are certain times of the day when you can't make a left turn onto Buchanan Street where the inn is located. Plan accordingly.All in all, our experience at the Coventry Motor Inn was great. It is not a luxury hotel but neither are the prices. It is clean, comfortable, and from our experience, safe. When we return to San Francisco we know where we will try to stay. We have already recommended the Coventry Motor Inn to friends!!!	
Feb 1 2007	a pleasant surprise	My sister and I visited SF Jan 26-30 to celebrate my birthday. She had originally booked us at another hotel a couple of blocks down the street after doing alot of online research. When we got there however, that room was dark, small, and they had the windows open airing it out because it had a terrible odor in it. Ugh. Fortunately I had brought along information for a &quot;just-in-case&quot; option for us -- The Coventry Motor Inn -- we just walked in the office and asked for a room. Older but clean and fresh-smelling, big room, comfortable beds, huge bathroom, knowledgeable staff and free, although tight, parking. No breakfast but there's coffee in the room and apples in the office. Plenty of restaurants around. Walking distance to another good find -- the Pacific Catch Restaurant on Chestnut St. -- amazing food at a good price -- the fish tacos and sweet potato fries are awesome and the staff are great. We also took a tour of wine country with Tower Tours -- fantastic -- thanks Will! I'd have no problem staying at the Coventry again.	
Jan 13 2007 	Great find!	I booked this for a quick weekend away with my husband and it was wonderful! It's a very simple, but clean motor inn and it's so close to Union St. and Chelsea that we just walked everywhere we needed to go! There are plenty of places to eat and shop nearby. We didn't hear any street noise, even though it's on Lombard. I highly recommend this little find, and in fact just booked another weekend with our kids in one of their sister properties since Coventry was booked. Cow Hollow Motor Inn is a sister property and just a few blocks away. These are great if you want an inexpensive getaway and don't mind staying in a place that isn't frou-frou :)	
Dec 29 2006	Probably the best hotel for what you pay	This hotel has great location. altough is not at the center you have planty of restaurants on lombard street that you can go to. It has large FREE parking area which make it very comfortable. the front desk guys are really helpfull and always in a hurry (I like it). try get a room not facing lombard street , If you're sensitive to noise when you sleep. we've got it and it was very quite. I'll definitely go there again next time	
Dec 15 2006 	An Affordable Hidden Treasure!	I've driven past this hotel (as well as countless similar-looking ones along Lombard Street) and never knew what I was missing! I usually stay in one of the chain hotels downtown (e.g. Hiltons or Marriotts) but I was attending a conference at the Presidio and there were no chain hotels in that part of town.Not only were their rates about half that of a larger chain, but they offered free parking (you'll pay $10-25 a day at a downtown hotel) and free high-speed wireless or broadband internet access (most of the chain hotels charge $10/day for the right). Parking spaces are tight, both in terms of physical access (underground garage beneath the hotel with columns and limited overhead clearance) and availability (on a full night, you might have to park at a sister property), but they're free.As the photos show, the rooms are spacious. Bathrooms are spotless (the toilets were wrapped with a &quot;Sanitized For Your Protection&quot; strap I hadn't seen since the 1960's!). Rather than the usual concave bars of Dial soap, I was surprised to see toiletries from the Judith Jackson (&quot;The Magic of Well-Being&quot;) Spa collection. Although the televisions were standard 1980 floor models and had no recent payper-view movies, they offered over fifty cable channels, including lots of kid-friendly options. Besides, you're in San Francisco - don't waste your day watching TV!!!The Coventry is very convenient - blocks from the shops and restaurants on Lombard, Union, and Chestnut Streets, 5-10 minutes from the Marina and the Fort Mason, you can walk a block north and catch the 30 Muni bus to all the tourist attractions in the City - North Beach, Fishermans Wharf, Chinatown, Union Square, and the new ballpark. A late night beer &amp; wine store is directly across the street, and a 24-hour Walgreens drug store is a half-mile west on Lombard.Finding the hotel is extremely easy - just follow the signs to state Route 101 from SFO or the East Bay. Be warned that traffic on Van Ness and Lombard is extremely heavy during rush hour or during special events like Fleet Week, and making a left turn across Lombard is impossible. In such instances, it might be better to take Divisadero and Greenwich and use local streets to get there.The staff is friendly and hard-working, although there is only one person working the front desk most of the time. That same person has to handle check-ins, check-outs, phone calls, and take phone messages for guests (they don't have voicemail yet), so don't expect a high degree of attention or help with your luggage (they have self-help carts available in the elevator lobby).	
Nov 8 2006 	Great Value in San Francisco	We selected this property based on reviews here and on the Expedia website. Wanted a comfortable room with free car parking and that is exactly what we got.Lombard Street id the extension of 101 south of the Golden gate Bridge so is very busy but we were give a room away from the street and it was very quiet. The room was spacious and comfortable. It does not offer the fripperie such as an inroom fridge or pay movies but lacked for nothing else. Parking was covered and seemed secure.From here it is possible to walk to all the key areas of the city, both waterfront and the downtown/Union Square shopping district. We also got cabs without much problem when we needed one.San Francisco has so much to offer the visitor and iwith only 3 days we were slightly time limited. However we did tour Alcatraz, visit Sausolito and the Muir woods, as well as ride on a cable car (on the running board, which was exciting) from Powell to Market. We ate in Chinatown once, at an excellent unpretentious cafe on Grant. Other than that we ate once at a Mexican restaurant on Lombard Street near the motel and and once at a fine little restaurant right by the motel.I would definitely stay at the Coventry again, although that part of Lombard Street has many motels from which to choose. Driving back to the airport from there was easy too.	
Sep 21 2006	Good Deal	Spent two nights last weekend at the Coventry Motor Inn. It was a great deal especially in San Francisco where most hotels easily hit $200. a night. It was very clean. We had a room away from the street so noise was not an issue. It is located in the Marina District. We thought about renting a car since parking at the hotel is free but were very glad we did not since it was about a mile and a half from the wharf or at least that is what it felt like. We rented bikes at Pier 39 and rode across the Golden Gate Bridge through Sausalito to Tiberon and caught the ferry back to the wharf. That was about a two hour bike ride. We were in a hurry to catch a plane but if you can take your time it is well worth it.	
Sep 9 2006 	A Good Affordable Place to Stay	My husband and I went to San Francisco together for the first time. We want to stay at an affordable motel but we don't know which one to choose since there are so many in SF. My colleague recommended Coventry Motor Inn since it's located on the safer side of the SF area. We felt safe staying at this motel. It's a 10 minutes walk to the bus stop and the bus will take you to Chinatown. The staffs were very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable. The only catch is that the room does not have a small refrigerator or microwave. The motel does not have a coin laundry room but if you really need to wash your clothes, you can go to Magnolia Clearners which is a less than 5 minutes walk from the motel. Overall, we really like the motel. We would definitely stay there again. If you go directly to the coventry motor inn website to make reservation, you will get a very good room rate, we paid $65 per night. I usually don't like to write, but since this website helps me a lot with my travel plan, I thought I would contribute my comments.	
Jul 4 2006	I am in a room as I type !!!!!	I was very pleased and surprised - read the reviews so several items I was aware of - the fact some think its kinda noisy- but Its a nice room- clean !!! really clean- spacious- we have a room near the front but off to the side and we have some noise but way to tired to hear it - 2 queens beds are nice- the parking is free which is nice- got a great rate- go to the actual web page for better rates than other advertised rates- certain things are missing like breakfast- no in room movies but the space make up for this ten-fold- I pick more space than movies- when we come back I plan to say here agian- if this one isn't available- then its sister ones- they all have the same layout/plan- or what it seems like form the outside-- The front desk is really nice- feel really secure in this hotel- need a key just to get to the elevator- Like I said- nothing but positives for this place-	
Jun 28 2006	Great Overall Value	Great location. Very clean. Free wireless interet was great and not complicated (no passwords). Staff was very helpful with directions (walking, cabs, buses, BART transfers...). Only about a 15-20 minute walk to Fisherman's Warf area (get the clam chowder at the stands). It was a haul, but we ran across the bridge and back but he died when we got back after the 1.5 hour run. We ran by a nice bayside park that you might want to check out for picnics (on the san fran side of the bay just before the bridge). FYI, go to Alcatrz at night. You get the sunset over the bridge and some extra tours/presentations. We can't wait to go back and will definetly stay here again.	
Jun 2 2006	great hotel !	stayed for 3 nights during my usa trip, the room was great, the staff was very helpful and friendly, i'd stay there again for sure.	
May 21 2006	Fantastic stay amazing location	After reading the reviews here, we decided to book as the price was reasonable.Would definately recommend it, the location was brilliant. The Wharf was a 45 minute walk away, along the coast and through a grassland park. The 30 bus takes you direct to Downtown and Chinatown, and the stop is just one street away.Rooms were clean and spacious, staff very friendly and helpful. Also a little shop directly across from the Inn open most of the day.We stayed on Lombard Street and were not disturbed by the noise one bit.Will be back here on my next trip to San Francisco.	
May 17 2006	Good Stay		
May 9 2006	Good Place to stay		
Feb 22 2006	A Clean and Comfortable Inn		
Oct 19 2005	Large clean room maybe to noisy		
Oct 16 2005	Great value in San Francisco		
Aug 18 2005	Great Value!		
Nov 9 2004	Decent hotel not the best		
Feb 16 2004	Good Deal		
Jul 15 2003	BEST DEAL in SF...charming reasonable 		
Dec 6 2002	Best Deal in Town		
Nov 9 2009 	convenable mais un peu isolé du centre ville		
Sep 23 2009 	Parfait !		
Aug 23 2009 	Hotel bien situado pero muy caro		
Jul 5 2009 	Sauber und zentral gelegen		
Jul 1 2009 	Gute Lage		
Apr 12 2009 	Hotel à recommander		
Oct 12 2008 	Excelente Hotel en San Francisco		
Sep 14 2008 	Super Ausgangspunkt !		
Aug 23 2008 	Très bon rapport qualité-prix		
Jul 14 2008 	Perfetto senza strafare		
Aug 29 2007 	Molto carino e caratteristico		
