Nov 24 2009 	Nice Hotel Service So-So	I stayed here for two nights on a business tip in early November of 2009. The interior is warm and inviting and definitely of that chic San Francisco style. The front desk staff was friendly (a little bit annoyingly so), but it was a little bit perturbing that though I arrived around noon after having traveling for 6 hours that I couldn't check in until 3pm to take a nap, though I'm reasonably sure the rooms were empty. Wifi is free in the lobby is free but $12/day in your room if you don't join their &quot;loyalty club&quot; which isn't that big of a deal its just subscribing to their email update list.The concierge/bell hop just looked at me like I was speaking an alien language when I asked if they could call me a cab so I could meet my friends for dinner. I definitely think their service could have been improved a little bit.The rooms were small, but understandably so in an older building - very &quot;european&quot; in that sense, but it was fine for a solo traveler. I'd stay there again, but only with one or two people in a room. Not one for the kids.	
Nov 17 2009 	Absolutely loved it!	Great Hotel! Great Location, right on Embarcadero, and in the financial district. Walking distance to all major touristy stuff, including pier 39. The rooms were small but nicely organized, a nice desk, comfortable bed, and great, great service.Every day, we had complementary coffee, and every afternoon complimentary wine reception in the lobby. Great chance to meet new people.The staff was also very helpful. We got a handwritten note from one of the cleaning staff, welcoming us in the hotel. Clean room, big closet, and it had everything we needed. Great value!	
Nov 1 2009 	Loved  Loved this hotel !	Sorry for delay in posting review. All three in my travelling party loved this hotel , So welcoming , homely in a great way , fatastic service from reception , cleaners to porter . Great team , give them a pay raise.  We stayed here for a 10 day vacation in early August , location is so central we walked in and out of town twice a day , They have a wine n nibbles reception in afternoon , coffee avaible in foyer each morning and hot chocolate at night . Rooms were small but good . There is use of swiming pool in next door gym etc . we had breafast brought to the room each morning , small but enough to get you started for the day . Staff left my friend a bottle of wine in her room as it was her birthday which was a lovely touch . i would highly recommend this hotel , and have done so to many since we got back to Ireland . Will be booking only here for our next trip .. Shame the general manager was never around so i could toln him/ her in person .	
Oct 21 2009 	Nice hotel - small room	The hotel is well located near the Embarcadero and convenient to a lot of SFO sites. The room in which we stayed was very small and cramped. There was barely enough room for our bags on either side of the bed. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful to us.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location + Great service = Happy Traveler	I based my selection on the numerous positive reviews I had read, although I tried to keep my expectations reasonable, considering some of the reviews indicating the rooms were small. The hotel was a very reasonable walk from the BART station close to the Ferry Building. We checked in and everyone at the hotel seemed very accommodating. We got there before noon due to our early flight, but managed to check into our room, which was great, since our feet were tired.The evening reception was a very nice touch. I was afraid things might be too rowdy (I'm in my 30s, but still enjoy some peace and quiet on a vacation!), but the ambience was nice. A welcome note was provided by the housekeeping staff, which made us feel at home and added a very nice personal touch. Often times, housekeeping at big hotels can seem cold and unwanting to help and often intrude during blissful sleep. Not on this trip!The location is great, as the Bay Bridge is right across the street and provides a great view at night. You can also take a short walk to the Ferry Building, where you can hop on the railcar to Fisherman's Wharf or the Aquarium. Or, you can even walk to Market St. and hop on the underground rail, BART, cable car or bus and practically go anywhere.By the way, yes, the rooms are not the largest, but it worked out great for me and my girlfriend. The room was nicely decorated and I did not have any problems with the 'coziness' of the room. In fact, it's makes it easier to go from the bed to the desk, bathroom, etc.	
Oct 1 2009 	Harbor Court Hotel: Great location great staff an excellent choice	The Harbor Court Hotel in San Francisco is highly recommended. It's in a great location along San Francisco's Embarcadero, overlooking the bay and the Bay Bridge, across the street from the Ferry Building (which houses some excellent shops with bread, wine, seafood, cheeses, etc.) and about a 15-20 minute leisurely walk from the Fisherman's Wharf at Pier 39 (don't miss the sea lions and the view of the Golden Gate Bridge from Pier 39). The hotel is immediately next-door to the YMCA, which offers $10 daily passes to hotel guests. Rooms are very tastefully decorated with very comfortable beds and wall-mounted flatscreen TVs. The hotel is very quiet and relaxing; a large living room area with plenty of couches, chairs and a fireplace near the lobby offers free coffee service in the morning, a wine social in the evening and fresh cookies and milk at 9 p.m. Everyone on the hotel staff I encountered was very friendly, welcoming and accommodating. Getting a taxi anywhere in San Francisco can be a challenge, but the Harbor Court Hotel provides a towncar (a flat rate of $45 when you need to go to the SF airport, which is the same price you'd pay for a taxi); the hotel is also only a 2 block walk from the MUNI/BART rail lines on Market Street (BART also goes directly to SFO Airport for around $8). I went to San Francisco with a group of friends who stayed at a hotel on Nob Hill and, when they saw my hotel and its location, they all said they'd wished they stayed at the Harbor Court. There wasn't a single thing that needed improvement during my stay at the Harbor Court Hotel; I've already highly recommended it to friends and will definitely make it my hotel of choice for return visits to San Francisco.	
Aug 22 2009 	nice place	We spent two nights over a weekend and enjoyed it very much. Wished that there might've been a converience store (7-11 or the like) nearer to the hotel, but not a major deal. The hotel was clean and comfortable, I appreciated the Aveda products, and we enjoyed the wine at happy hour. All staff was super friendly and ready with recommendations when asked. Best of all we got a fantastic rate via travel zoo, $89/night and half off of parking.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great location would definitely go back	Stayed here for one night with husband and friends as 3 of us were participating in the SF Marathon the following morning. The start line was right behind the hotel on the Embarcadero - could not have been more convenient! Bay view room with king bed was advertised on their website for around $189 if I recall correctly; called the hotel instead to find out if they had any marathon specials, and got the &quot;recession-proof &quot; price of $139 + tax. Great check-in staff; very comfortable room (the mini recycling bin was a thoughtful touch) and we really appreciated the coffee, water and bananas that were laid on for the runners at 4.30am! Absolutely no complaints, I would stay there again without hesitation.	
Aug 6 2009 	Love this place	We have stayed at the Harbor Court a few times in the past for long weekends and have always had a pleasant stay. Our most recent stay was at the end of a two-week trip to Europe and we decided to stay in the city rather than struggle through the drive home. As always, the staff was very welcoming and efficient in checking us in. Although the wine hour had been over for a couple of hours by the time we made it there, the front desk graciously offered us each a glass to take to our room. This was the first time we stayed in a room without an ocean view--we were tired and just wanted to sleep--but the view is definitely worth the cost. However, the courtyard room was spacious, comfortable, and very quiet. It was exactly what we needed to rejuvenate after a very long day.Overall, I cannot recommend this hotel enough. We will definitely be back.	
Jul 23 2009 	Best SF Hotel 4 Dog 	I have stayed at the Harbor Court several times over the last few years. It is my home away from home when I travel from the Northern California coast (my home) to the City (SF). Professional &amp; friendly staff greets you, views are unsurpassed, rates are a bargain on weekends and their wine, cookies, popsickles and coffee make it even better! The Harbor Court is housed in the old Embarcadero YMCA and enjoys a relationship with them to offer the pool and more.	
Jul 14 2009 	Something to look forward to at the end of the day!	Staying at the Harbor Court for an extended weekend in San Francisco was among the nicest experiences I have had with a hotel stay. I have traveled in Europe, Canada, and Central America and have, purposely, experienced a wide variety of accommodations, from hostels to B&amp;B’s to four star hotels. What I have discovered in the course of my travels is that the staff makes or breaks it for the customer. While, yes, the Harbor Court is in an amazing location for a business or central San Francisco tourist stay; while it is absolutely impeccable in décor; while the room (admittedly small but well appointed…great bed, bath, VIEW, quiet) was something to truly look forward to at the end of a strenuous day; while the whole facility is in pristine shape…if it weren’t for the staff truly being on top of their game in customer service and dedication to their work none of the rest would matter. Give me a cheerful hostel with the staff really into their work and engaging with the clientele over a 4 star which is just picking your pocket any day!It’s obvious from the moment you step to the door that it is not simply a company or a paycheck but you, the client, that the staff of the hotel is working for. Francisco, at the door, meets you with a gracious smile and gets you to the desk. The desk staff are all engaging, Kevin was especially helpful in arranging our room…there had been one small miscommunication precipitated by our arriving to check-in earlier than anticipated but he resolved it effortlessly. James, the shift manager, along with Kevin, was a font of local information and schlepped and checked our bags himself while the room was being prepared and we wandered out to begin our weekend. Judy, who cleaned and tidied our room, left us little notes and kept the room spotless (which is a challenge with me as a client--I am a master of chaos…). One thing I really liked was the staff did not have their hand out. I practically had to chase the young man (whose name I didn’t catch) who helped us get our bags to the taxi at the end of our stay to give him a tip.There is a wealth of helpful or charming touches: two computer terminals in the lobby with direct links to all airline online check-in and boarding pass services; a local wine reception in the lobby from 5-6 PM each evening; GOOD coffee and tea in the lobby in the mornings….Again all things that require the care and attention of the staff to keep going in a smooth, and inviting way.One thing you could not guess, it has been so transformed, is that the building was the YMCA residential facility! It has been so transformed as to be a totally new creation. Guests are welcome to use the athletic facilities of the Y which remain next door. Far superior to any “workout room” and any hotel I’ve ever been in! The building is solid and quiet. The windows, over The Embarcadero are double glazed with storm windows to boot! Thus our 6th floor corner room was absolutely quiet. Saturday morning there is a huge farmers market at the ferry terminal a block down the street. There must have been a continuous stream of traffic starting at 3 or 4 in the morning; neither my wife nor I heard a thing. There is central cooling in some of the building (though I did notice a window unit in a room down the hall) that was quiet and needed as the day time temps were well into the 80’s while we were there (very odd; I got sunburned in San Francisco in July)!The rooms are of a size to admit only one (very comfortable) queen sized bed. And there is armoire rather than a closet. But there is a desk, high-speed internet, and a flat screen TV. The rooms are well laid out, charming, and make best use of the space. (The size was the only down tic in an otherwise perfect score.) Many come with a million dollar view of the Bay Bridge!All-in-all the Harbor Court was impeccable, comfortable and a pleasure…and the staff were the ones who made it so.	
Jul 10 2009 	Perfect Location nice hotel	I went to SF for 4th of July weekend. Not sure what to expect when I walked in to the lobby I was actually surprised how nice this hotel was. The front desk was really helpful and nice. The rooms are actually really nice, yes a little small, but comfortable. We booked 2 rooms and good a free upgrade for a King sz room now that room was really spacious. Location is actually perfect. Plenty of places to eat. Farmer's Market on sat is just a few steps away. Overall I am very happy with this hotel and if I ever go to SF again I will definitely stay at The Harbor again.	
Jul 2 2009 	Disappointed . . . Won't Stay Here Again	Yes the rooms are small. We always stay at Kimpton properties, and have stayed here many times in the past, however, this time was disappointing. We booked a &quot;package&quot; which included the SF Gourmet Chocolate Tour. Upon arrival the front desk gave us 2 comedy club tickets and seemed confused about whether we could still get the &quot;package&quot; that I booked on the Kimpton website. We were also given comp continental b'fast tickets and when we ordered the comp b'fast it was delivered with a charge of $12+? If we weren't paying attention we would have paid for the comps. Last day we attempted to print our boarding passes and the computers in the lobby were CLOSED FOR MAINTENANCE. The front desk (not busy at the time) said they would print our passes &quot;later&quot;. We were leaving early the next a.m. and needed them printed asap to assure we would get a seat on the plane. Also we were give comp $10 mini bar coupon which later we were charged $10 for 2 bottled waters and we had to call the front desk and ask them to remove the mini bar tab. Again, if we weren't paying attention we would have paid for the comps. We love Kimpton properties but the service this time needed vast improvement. Maybe we'll have better luck in Chicago in October.	
Jun 30 2009 	Wonderful Stay at The Harbor Court!	The location of the hotel was ideal for my husband and me who wanted to go to the Farmer's Market (practically across the street), Fisherman's Wharf (1.5 miles away), and catch a game at AT&amp;T park (1 mile away). All were in walking distance, though we did want to ride the streetcars to the Wharf once.Yes, some of the reviews complain of the small rooms, but they really aren't so small and are very cozy. The rooms were quiet, clean and comfortable during our 4 day stay and there was a turndown service every night complete with chocolates, mood lighting and soft music from the i-home turned on. The rooms are decorated nicely and my husband commented on how he liked that the headboard was padded rather than a hard piece of wood, so it's more comfortable to lean against when watching TV.But the highlight of the hotel is definitely the staff! Brett, one of the valets, greeted us when we first arrived and was extremely friendly, courteous, and efficient. Kevin at the front desk also greeted us right away and was amiable and good natured throughout our trip. Every member of the staff that we encountered were wonderful and it speaks volumes about the quality of service that Kimpton delivers. And we finally encountered the famous Dulce the morning that we checked out. She was such a pleasure and so upbeat! I was a little disappointed that the ambassador dog Maverick wasn't there. (Maybe he was on vacation too?)The only real complaint that I had regarded the restaurant. Tip: make a reservation. We went in right after they opened for dinner and when the hostess heard that we didn't have a reservation, she looked annoyed, checked her book and then said &quot;Well, I can give you a table, but I need it back by 7:10.&quot; Not the warm, friendly feeling that you get from the Harbor Court, but I lay the blame with the restaurant which is a separate company. The waitress was a little uppity as well, but the busboy was fantastic! He was courteous and wiped down the table between each course without being intrusive or annoying. But there are plenty of restaurants in San Francisco and at least two others on that block.Overall, I highly recommend this hotel. They were beyond wonderful. So much so that they put the 4 star hotel we stayed at in San Diego right afterwards to shame.	
Jun 18 2009 	Lovely hotel if you get it at the right price.	My husband and I stayed here in the beginning of April. We had read the other user reviews and they are right, the rooms are small and the location can be a bit sparse after normal business hours BUT for $80 a night in SF we were psyched. I would NOT have been happy if I had to pay the &quot;listed&quot; room rates. The room was definately small, but it was very clean and we did not plan to be in the room much anyway. No hotel bar but there is one at the place next door that is very nice. Service was super, we were allowed an early check in and a late check out to accomodate our travel plans. Everything was very clean everywhere, very nice lobby as well. The real complaint is that none of the staff knew anything about the outside world, like where was the closest subway was, how to take a bus to the museum, etc. We asked if there was a laundrymat and was told that the nearest one was miles away, of course they reminded us that they had laundry service at the hotel (and that is always expensive) so we gave up. On Monday we saw that there was a new dry cleaner in the plaza RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET that had wash, dry and fold service. Had they told us that on Friday it would have made our life much easier. No one knew how to take a bus to a museum or anything. But the area is fine, there are some great places including the Ferry Terminal, a great specialty deli about 2 blocks away and a German Restaurant called Schroeder's that is very good. I would definately stay here again for the price	
Jun 14 2009 	Amazing hotel experience loved every minute!	We just got back from a 2 night stay at the Harbor Court Hotel. I surprised my husband and took him there for his birthday, since we are both huge fans of Kimpton properties. The Harbor Court is a beautiful hotel... and the service we received was wonderful!Upon our arrival, the very nice lady at the front desk granted our early check-in request, which was great since it was only 11:30 am. Our promo included a 25.00 AmEx card so she gave us that, as well as 10 dollars to &quot;raid the mini bar&quot; in the room :) She then sent us up to the top floor, again honored my request for a high floor! We had a gorgeous room with a FULL bay view, stunning view of the Bay Bridge. Loved the decor, very comfortable! I thought the room was adequate size, cozy, super comfy king bed, nice flat screen tv, and again, awesome view!Harbor Court was kind enough to send us a bottle of wine and some yummy chocolate covered almonds for my husbands' bday! What a wonderful surprise! This hotel offers a wine hour from 5-6, and also yummy cookies at 9pm. Since we were going to be out at that time, they were kind enough to hold us a few cookies that we got on our way back in. Perfect late nite snack!We loved the Harbor Court and will be back! Thanks also to Jason Stone, for honoring a promotional rate for me even though I had made a change to my stay by accident. You are all great and this is why WE LOVE KIMPTON!!	
Jun 4 2009 	Cute Hotel but Beware Room 416	My partner and I wanted a change in scenery after a 5-day stay at the Union Square Hilton. What attracted us to this hotel was the price and location. The daily AAA rate was $151/night after taxes (~$110 before taxes). This special rate did not allow us to upgrade to include continental breakfast for an additional $1.00. A few days after our stay, Travelzoo published a special rate for the hotel: $89/night.The boutique hotel was elegant and more personal than the Hilton. The staff was very friendly. We were in room 416 despite requesting a room that was higher up. We didn't pay extra for a view , so we were stuck looking at what seemed to be a rooftop with some pipes and electrical units. The room was strikingly small -- more bed than walkable floor space. This did not bother us though since we were looking for an inexpensive, clean place to rest our heads. The tv was oddly off-center to the bed which made for an awkward viewing angle. The room was very nice and clean overall. The bathroom was spacious and stocked with Aveda products. We were amused that the bathroom seemed handicapped-friendly: raised toilet seat, handbars in bathtub, non-slip mat for bathtub. Our first gripe came at 6:30 AM when we were awakened by loud thumping sounds. Being city folk, we have a high tolerance for next-door-neighbor noise. However when the noise continued for 1.5 hrs, we realized that the noise was something else other than neighbors rustling around. We suspected the gym next door was the culprit.--noise was dropped weights, maybe? The front desk responded to my complaint immediately and placed us in room 816 which is on the top-most floor. Switching rooms at 8:00 AM due to disturbed sleep was the most annoying hotel experience we've ever had. Room 816 was almost identical to 416, though much quieter. We were able to sleep to well past noon undisturbed. The second gripe was a minor one. We were charged an extra $12. The mistake was easily cleared up with a phone call. The erroneous charge was apparently for the mini-bar.PROS:- Location -- waterfront, near Ferry Bdlg, ~4 blocks from BART, ~20 min walk to Alcatraz tour- Evening wine reception- Wii in lobby (though it was't there our second night)- Clean rooms- Friendly staff- Small and intimateCONS:- Early AM noise heard in room 416 (and possibly all of 4th Fl???)- Room pricing seemed arbitrary- Must sign up for an acct to access wifiThe room size may be a dealbreaker for some. Ppl who need more space may want to consider a different hotel. We would stay here again if the prices remain competitively low.	
Jun 2 2009 	Another great stay	This was my second stay this year at the Harbor Court. First time was with my parents for a brief trip up to UC Davis, and this time was a leisure trip with my boyfriend, who was visiting San Francisco (and not stuck in a conference around the Moscone the whole time) for essentially the first time. I wanted to make it a great experience, and I love the bay view rooms at the hotel, so we were absolutely lucky to get a gorgeous, large windowed view on the top floor. I almost wish we hadn't been so busy running around the city so that we'd been able to enjoy just lounging around the room more. The decor is is tasteful, clean, and modern. Cleanliness has always been pretty spot on, and I was raised to be finicky about that kind of thing. The rooms can be tight, of course, and I usually go klutz into the bed frame corners more than once, but I've stayed in normal Hilton rooms in the past, and at the Stratford in Union Squre, and they were just as small (and not nearly as nice as I can recall).The location is superb, especially if you're bringing up a car, as there's a greater chance of finding meter street parking (some meters aren't enforced overnight either, if you get lucky!). And since it's a little farther away from some of the major areas, it seems quieter.The service was wonderful again. The staff are very friendly and helpful, and really do try to put extra care into things. Our room attendant left us a personalized note, and we would return to dim lighting and classical music (it's a little thing that makes a big difference, I appreciated it and haven't ever gotten something like that before). I also love that the hotel is environmentally and pet conscious! And cookies and milk at night just make me ridiculously happy. I really enjoy this hotel, and would always look to it whenever I visit San Francisco.	
May 27 2009 	Almost perfect...if only the room was bigger	My partner and I along with 2 friends stay at the Harbor Court Hotel for 3 nights.Everything was perfect in terms of service and quality. Their only down side...is the size of the room. It is tiny but very well decorated with efficient use of space.Little touchs like tea/coffee in the morning in the lobby as well as wine hour hosted by the hotel manager from 5-6pm and milk and cookies at night are delightful.Besure to sign up for their Kimpton In-touch program. You get free in-room internet access. In addition, we were given $10 credit to raid the mini-bar. Very cool and generous.	
May 22 2009 	Great view nice location fine hotel	I stayed for two nights at the Harbor Court Hotel. The selling point for this hotel is its location and views. I had a room with a view overlooking San Francisco Bay, and the windows open so you could have fresh sea air in the room. This sells the hotel all by itself. The hotel is also convenient to the Embarcadero BART station (San Francisco's subway system), since it is about 4 blocks away from it. The hotel is also a few blocks from the Ferry Building, which has a variety of lovely shops and restaurants. The hotel rooms are small, and the desk is not really useable for a long period of work. The rooms are clean and attractive, and the bed is comfortable. However, there is not a coffee maker in the room so you have to go downstairs to the lobby to get a cup of coffee in the morning - a minor irritation but irritating nonetheless, considering what the hotel charges. What really sells this place is the view over the Bay and its proximity to the BART station, city bus lines, and the Ferry Building.	
May 22 2009 	tinytiny rooms	My wife and I stayed here in May 2008. We came to San Francisco to visit my son. The room was the SMALLEST room I have ever stayed in. My third bedroom at home is bigger. This room should be, and probably was, a closet. No room to put anything, constantly walking into each other. I sat on the end of the bed and my knees hit the piece of furniture that held the T.V. Absolutely rediculously small. The OZ munchkins MIGHT have room. As we checked out they tried to charge us for items we did not use (the refrigerator bar). There are thousands of Hotels in S.F. , try any one of the others. DO NOT stay here.	
May 19 2009 	Quietest hotel I've ever stayed in	Let me start my review by explaining that I am not an experienced big city traveler and I usually stay in chain hotels in the suburbs. So my whole experience at this boutique hotel was a first for me, and I often felt like a &quot;yahoo from the sticks&quot;. Thank goodness the staff is so professional they didn't make me feel uncomfortable. I'm sure I didn't tip the right amounts, sorry.Your first impression of the hotel is quiet elegance. Then your stress level is greatly lowered when you see the famous brown lab Maverick sprawled out in his bed in the lobby. (he tolerates pats and picture taking). I asked for a quiet room so I was given one overlooking a central area instead of the street. The room was amazing, I don't know what others expected as to size, but I thought it was the same as any other hotel, although the bathroom is a little small. But that is all overcome by the sheer comfort and deluxe decor (although a wall of mirrors is a little retro). The bed was heaven, so plush you climb up into it. Nice reading chair, small desk, flat screen tv on the wall. They allow you to use the honor system mini bar as a refrigerator, which was helpful. I never heard another quest, no slamming doors, no loud a/c unit, just peace and quiet. Location was a little inconvenient if you wanted to go downtown to Union Square area or out to Golden Gate Park, took me my whole stay to figure out the buses. Hotel is at the Ferry Building, and the trolley up to Pier 39 runs close by. There really aren't any inexpensive eating places or mini marts nearby. What makes this hotel so unique is the staff. Dulce was on duty when I had an issue with an internet charge (I used the computer in the lobby and the directions were not clear as to how to get the 15 minutes free), she promptly reversed the charge and didn't make me feel like a cheat or liar. I asked about an airport shuttle, they arranged for the pick up (am I supposed to tip for that??) After I got home I completed an on line survey from the hotel and mentioned an error in my final bill of about $3.81, which I wasn't going to hassle with. The manager sent me an email saying he had investigated the charge and was crediting my charge card; now that is service. When I told Dulce she was as famous on Trip Advisor as Maverick, she thought that was the greatest thing ever.If I come back to San Francisco I would definitely stay here again, now that I have the buses figured out.	
May 13 2009 	Great little spot	I stayed there for two nights on a business trip. Great, if small, accomodations. Even though I booked through a 3rd party site, the hotel staff treated me very well, even providing an upgrade to an upper floor room w/ a bay view. On the day I checked out, I somehow misplaced my iPod which Walter, the houseman, found in the lobby. They then sent it back to me. Also, a great location for runners...right along the Embarcadero. I would definitely return.	
May 4 2009 	This is the best hotel ever	A group on business stayed here. The staff went above and beyond to accommodate a demanding crew. Each night for 3 nites we took over the lobby and drank wine and the staff accommodated us. This hotel is so convenient to the ball park, the best restaurants (Slanted Door, Taylor's refresher, Boulevard, etc) cable cars...I will always come back...although $40 to park is so rude!!.	
Apr 29 2009 	Wow!	This place is awesome. Where do I start?! It is a perfect oasis with the most amazing views of the bay bridge. My husband and I just spent three nights there and we were SO thrilled with our choice. My family is from the area and many people recommended staying in Union Square, but we chose the Harbor Court and could not have been happier. The rooms are very smartly appointed, super clean, full of great amenities (Aveda shampoos girls!) and if you can get a bay view room - DO IT. I would lay in bed every night and soak in the lights of the Bay Bridge - nothing gets more San Francisco than that. Yes, the rooms are small, but you are in the city! We never felt cramped so I guess the size was just fine for us. This is a classy hotel with boutique charm minus the stuffy attitude. Everyone there was really friendly, and not in the sticky sweet fake way. The location is awesome and we got around by trolley, buses, cabs, and even road BART from the airport. $10 round trip versus a cab at $80 round trip was a no-brainer. We loved the farmer's market across the street on Saturday where we had breakfast and did some shopping. I would tell anyone that is planning a trip to SF that they should stay here. I travel a lot for work and fun and Harbor Court by far had some of the best customer service and attention to detail I have seen. Now if I could just get them to leave a little chocolate on my pillow at home every night...	
Apr 28 2009 	Late night Jen is a gem!!	My husband and I arrived at the Harbor Court , Kimpton Hotel, for a late night check-in only to find our dates were incorrect. My fault. I didn't check the e-mail confirmation. However, Jen was so amenable - even late at night - honored our reservation and gave us an upgrade to a bayview room. It is great to know a hotel that will adjust to your mistakes. The public rooms are quirky fitting SF to a &quot;T and the rooms are sleek and clean. The hotel location in the Embarcadero is less touristy that Union Square. A find at a good price.	
Apr 27 2009 	Most dog friendly hotel- great location and amenities	My husband and my small dogs and I stayed here for the weekend and it was absolutely fabulous! They are so accomodating to dogs. They did not charge extra for them and I felt that they were welcomed rather than just tolerated. Our dogs are well-mannered and we kept a low profile so as to not disturb others in any way and we enjoyed the lovely and quiet (small, yes) room with its comfy bed, Aveda toiletries and flat panel TV. Wireless internet is INCLUDED. (I love that!) The hotel is on a cute street right on the waterfront and steps away from the Ferry Building and many posh eateries, a brew pub (Gordon Biersch), bars and shops. The hotel puts out fresh coffee and organic teas in the a.m. and has a wine reception each afternoon. Parking, as always, is an issue in SF but it was manageable without springing for the pricey hotel parking. I booked through the hotel and got the room for a STEAL at $90/night ($205 out the door for 2 nights). I absolutely will stay here again and bring my dogs, too!!	
Apr 23 2009 	Stylish room and great location for the money	My wife and I recently spent three great nights at this hotel in early March. The room was very comfortable, especially the bed. It may have been a little on the small side, but when staying in the middle of a large city, you cant expect a huge room without paying a big premium. The room and hotel service for the price cant be beat. As for the location, it was very convenient to many of the places we wanted to see while in San Francisco. Ended up walking most places and took a taxi at night for dinner and drinks. We highly recommend walking across the street to the Ferry Building for breakfast each morning and a picnic lunch, especially if you're in town for the weekly farmer's market.	
Apr 23 2009 	The view of the Embarcadero and Bay Bridge is fantastic!	We decided to give Harbor Court Hotel a try after reading the TripAdvisor recommendations and always passing the hotel by when we've visited the City. I booked on-line directly with the hotel, and took advantage of the upgrade to get a view of the bay. The flat screen TV is on a side wall so that you can have the complete view of the bay in front of you - there was hardly a need when we can people watch along the Embarcadero. Check out the attached pictures: we went to sleep looking at the lights of the Bay Bridge and the surrounding Embarcadero area; we woke up to see the boaters gliding along. The room was very comfortable with lots of amenities: leopard print bathrobes, docking station for your iPod, cotton balls/Q-tips, complimentary morning coffee and evening wine reception. The location is across the street from the Ferry Building Marketplace, which hosts the farmer's market on weekends. Perry's Restaurant (next door) is a wonderful place for lunch where you also get a full view of the bay. Stay here, and you will definitely have a memorable weekend!	
Apr 19 2009 	Nice hotel great location	We just stayed two nights at the Harbor Court Hotel. The staff at the front desk as well as everybody else was very friendly; everything is very clean; yes, the rooms are small, but sufficient. We loved the view toward the bridge and water, the short walk to the farmers' market as well as to my conference downtown. We liked the tea/coffee in the hotel living room in the morning, as well as the wine reception at night (talk to Jason, he is very nice and interesting!). Another plus: free internet. Unfortunately the hotel seemed a bit short staffed on Saturday morning. The coffee and hot water for tea ran out, there were no cups, and it took a long time to get more; some other guests left without coffee, making remarks... We had time and waited.It also took a long time to get our car and a cart for the luggage. So, if you are on a schedule, let them know early that you have to leave. The $40 for valet parking was painful. :-( But for SF not that unusual. I can recommend this hotel.	
Mar 25 2009 	Quaint hotel but a shoebox for a room	Stayed for one night at the Harbor Court Hotel on March 7th, via a Priceline win. Location was nice, right on the Embarcadero about 3 blocks from Market Street , and 5 blocks from the TransBay Terminal. Check-in staff was very friendly and attentive and were able to check us into the hotel when we arrived about 1pm. Took the elevator up to our room and opened the door to find the smallest room I have ever stayed in. The room itself was very comfortable, just lacking space. Barely any room to put the decorative bed pillows anywhere else but the bed! The TV, a small flat panel, was mounted on the wall above the door for the bathroom, which was a pocket door. The bathroom, while small, was functional with nice amenities. I don't drink wine, but my partner enjoyed the evening wine reception in the hotel's lobby living room with the fireplace. I had a soft drink. We used their computer in the lobby living room to access our email. They allow 15 minutes of free internet access before charging. Check-out was as fast as check-in, and everything was right on the bill ($0 balance since it was pre-paid through Priceline).Can't complain since we got it for $69. It served the purpose of a place to stay for one night before transferring to another hotel for three nights that we'd won on Priceline (couldn't get all four nights accepted on one bid due to a convention in town). I don't know if I'd stay there again if I had the same room, but would consider it.	
Mar 25 2009 	The Absolute Best!	We have been to San Francisco four times in the past five months and only wish we had stayed at the Harbor Court all of the times rather than the one. In fact, we just got tickets to return in August and have already spoken to them about reservations. The entire staff is extraordinary. The front desk manager is awesome and &quot;her people&quot; follow suit. The hotel manager is eager to make sure your stay is pleasant and wants to ensure that you want to return. The room was clean and our housekeeper was fantastic, even leaving us a note telling us to enjoy our stay and call on her if necessary. Our room overlooked the bay and, since I tend to stay on East Coast time, I was up at 3 AM watching the tankers come in and out of the various shipyards. I knew the traffic on the Bay Bridge before the traffic people did (didn't hear the cars, just a visual). When any of the staff offered to assist in any way it was clear they really meant it! Each time we went in and out, which was frequently, we were greeted with a smile and a &quot;have a nice day.&quot; In the evening there is a wine reception and one or two of the staff serve as hosts. They are lovely to chat with and you feel as if you are having a conversation with an old friend and just catching up on the day. Later on they serve milk and cookies - fresh cookies and cold milk! Their goodwill ambassador is a beautiful chocolate lab, Maverick, who really doesn’t need to do much to earn his living – truly he has a dog’s life there. If we had the means to live in a hotel, this would be the one we would choose. Realizing that this is a rave review, I would like to state that I have no relationship at all with this hotel, it's employees, or any Kimpton Hotel or it's employees. It just really is that good!	
Mar 8 2009 	Some rooms are better than others	I stayed at the Harbor Court for three nights because the price was more reasonable than my nearby favorite Hotel Vitale. As is usually the case, the price is reasonable for a reason. My first room, 509, was extremely small and the window faced another building so the room was also dark. In a word it was depressing. It was late though and I didn't have the energy to change rooms that night. The next morning I asked to change, and for $50 more a night, I was moved to room 524, which was bigger, had a view of the bay and generally more cheerful.The rooms are pretty quiet. I did not hear any room to room noise. 524 faced the Embarcadero, but the traffic noise was hardly noticeable. The bed and bedding were very clean and comfortable. The bathroom and towels were good.There was a rather large mini bar in both of my rooms, but no one at the front desk ever gave me a key or asked if I wanted one. The location is convenient to Market Street and the BART. During weekdays there are several sandwich-type shops close by. On the weekends, however, these shops are closed. My favorite for breakfast or lunch is Specialty's Cafe at 150 Spear. There is also a Starbuck and Walgreen's within a block or two.The lobby is nice. There are two computers for use in the lobby, but they charge about $6 for 15 minutes of use.I prefer the Hotel Vitale but the Harbor Court is not a bad alternative if you get one of the nicer rooms.	
Feb 24 2009 	Loved the location 	If your stay in San Francisco must include more than one visit to the Ferry Building Farmers Market, this hotel is located just across the Embarcadero. You're also just a few doors down from Boulevard restaurant and mere steps from the historic trolley line.	
Feb 4 2009 	5 Star Experience	I spent 5 nights in this hotel last week on business. I had initial doubts about staying at a boutique hotel. Well I must say that I made the right decision in staying at the Harbor Court Hotel. The service was superb, cleanliness of the room and common areas were among the best I've seen. I received a complimentary upgrade to a room with a view and my rate included continental breakfast. The staff was very helpful, Dulce was absolutely great!! Beautiful views. The rooms are really quiet and although very small it was perfect for me and my purpose. The location is great during the day but at night pedestrian traffic seems to clear. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jan 29 2009 	Best value for the price	Was here in April '08 for a conference and felt I had to write a review to balance some of the unfairly negative reviews!I paid just over $150 / night which I felt was very reasonable compared to the conference hotel.Yes, the rooms are small but they are impeccably adorned and maintained. And what else do you expect in downtown SF for this price?The service was top-notch; very friendly staff. I loved the personal touch of the complementary happy hour in the lobby every day.I would stay at the Harbor Court again without thinking twice. I would recommend it to anyone for whom a large room is not a requirement.	
Jan 12 2009 	Harbor Court- very nice and relaxed	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Harbor Court on the weekend of december 26-28 for two nights. WIth both of us being kimpton in touch members, we received an email from kimpton with a pretty good promotion. So we booked the room, and then after reading tripadvisor, contacted the manager Jason Stone via email and hw was generous enough to offer us a complimentary room upgrade to a king. Unfortunately Jason wasnt available to personally thank while we stayed at the hotel. Dulce and John at the front were very helpful and friendly. The wine hour is a great kimpton staple and I really enjoyed the living room area of the Harbor court. It was pretty quiet and relaxing even though many guests were enjoying the wine hour. Definitely a difference with the other kimpton hotels union square hotels that seem to have too much traffic. Had dinner accross the street at sinbads and also a couple doors down at mexico df. both highly recommended. Satuday was able to go to the farmers marker right accross the street which was fun. Also the F line streetcar runs very near the hotel, so you can take that to get to fishermans wharf or union square in no time.	
Jan 11 2009 	Great view good location but...	We stayed at this hotel during part of a trip around California and it was the second Kimpton that we'd used. As described by other reviewers, the view was superb and we found the room was of an adequate size (in comparison to other US hotels) as well as always clean. However, maybe we were unlucky but the staff we encountered were often well meaning but uninformed. For example, it took quite some time for us to check in and when trying to change some travellers cheques, the receptionist admitted that it was the &quot;first time he had done this&quot; and hence had to call someone else to help. Of the two employees who appeared to work as a concierge, one was very good (I think he was called Luis) but the other seemed to be more interested in finding fares for the &quot;Lincoln Car&quot; drivers outside. Added to this we were on the fourth floor and the gym provided by the YMCA seems to be beneath this. Therefore when it is open (5.30am to 9.30pm I think), we did hear quite a lot of noise. On balance however this we feel that a 3 is justifiable as the view and location were both great.	
Dec 31 2008 	Superb!	A very pleasant surprise, after reading the reviews about small rooms. Get a king! The queens are small, but are good for one person. We had a king and it was perfect. The staff was very accommodating overall - Dulce and Jason are the best. Great location - walk to many great spots, and you are two short blocks from transit central. The restaurant (Ozumo) attached is excellent, and two doors down is Perry's, with many more great choices nearby. One sour note: We were there Xmas day, and there were no pastries available that morning except through the rather expensive room service continental breakfast ($15/person). Also, we found out after the fact that there was a list of dining options for that evening at the front desk which the weekend/holiday staff did not want to share - we got a shrug and a, &quot;Just go to North Beach and walk around - you'll find something open.&quot; Boo. But I will go back!	
Dec 29 2008 	The Rooms are Too Small!!	The hotel has beautiful views of the Bay, however the rooms are way too small. We had to give up the view and were moved to the Kimpton Argonaut @ the Wharf. The Argonaut was a much nicer hotel than the Habor Court. Kimpton was very gracious and understanding.	
Dec 21 2008 	Loved the Harbor Court	What a fabulous 'boutique' hotel. Right be the harbour, excellent staff, great rates. We loved the wine tasting evenings - very sociable. And so nice the the fires were often burning.The staff and management of this hotel really work at making you feel welcome.Thank you.	
Dec 17 2008	Nice hotel great location	I booked this hotel because of the location. It's on the waterfront, a block away from where I used to work, and I miss it. (Left SF 2 years ago). The rooms, while small, are nicely decorated. The bathroom was a decent size, and the shower had great water pressure. As a solo traveler, I didn't mind the small room, but I wasn't a fan of the courtyard &quot;view.&quot; There was a huge metal furnace-like box right outside the window next to my bed, with pipes running through the &quot;courtyard.&quot; Definitely the ugliest &quot;view&quot; I've had (I'm just sayin'.) I didn't expect a bay view since I paid via Hotwire (which the check-in lady made a note of out loud), but since the hotel wasn't that crowded, I thought maybe I'd at least get a street view. Once I was in my room, I didn't feel like pushing it. And really, it was fine. I was concerned that because it was a pet-friendly hotel, there'd be cleanliness problems, but there weren't. Everyone was very nice. The complimentary wine was great, and I liked grabbing a cup of the morning coffee they provide and heading out for a gorgeous walk along the waterfront. I would stay here again if it was just me, but I wouldn't bring my kids since it looks like they only have one-bed rooms.	
Dec 16 2008 	Great hotel with great staff	Having stayed at the Harbor Court two years earlier, I had no hesitation in visiting the hotel when another San Francisco trip aroseAfter flying in from Vegas, after a huge suite in our LV hotel our bayview room felt extremely small - however, it was small but perfectly formed with a great view, contemporary decor and a very comfortable bedI thoroughly enjoyed the cheese and wine hour and met some lovely people from far and wideOn one of our nights we ate at Ozumo, Japanese restaurant next door and found the service and food excellentThe staff at this hotel were very accommodating from housekeeping to managementUndoubtedly we would consider it a very viable option should a third trip be forthcomingThank you	
Dec 12 2008 	Nice little hotel	The Habor Court is a nice little hotel in a great location at the Embarcadero, about a block from the Ferry building and walking distance to just about anywhere in the Financial District which is convenient if you're in town for business.The hotel itself is immaculately clean, the downstairs lounge/libing room area is very nice decorated and even has a fireplace. Every morning there's free coffee and tea (nice touch) there. There's also free wine at 5pm and free milk and cookies starting at 9pm. This is a great thought and really a differentiator for the hotel. There's also free Wi-Fi connections in the rooms and downstairs.The rooms are small however with a call downstairs I was able to get upgraded to a bay view room (great view of the bridge and waterfront) that was bigger. Overall its a nice hotel and great for business travelers. Do not expect over the top luxury but rather a clean, well kept convenient place to stay	
Nov 14 2008 	Enjoyed a Very Nice Stay Recommended!	My wife and I enjoyed a long weekend at the Harbor Court Hotel in September 2008. We were very pleased with our stay at the hotel. Here are some of the things we liked best:- Very clean rooms- Friendly staff- Free cookies and wine everyday- The location- Fancy flat screen TV and cool clock radio w/iPod dock- Many dining options nearby- Easy access to public transportation. We took BART from the Oakland airport directly to the hotel. The station was only a couple of blocks from the Harbor Court.Here are some other considerations:- Rumors of the rooms being small are very true. Space was limited for luggage. Nevertheless the rooms are well appointed.- Our room had a courtyard view. I'm guessing the rooms facing the water have an excellent view.We previously stayed at the Grand Hyatt Union Square. Both are nice but between the two we like the Harbor Court better. Did I mention the rooms are small? Not so much a complaint as an observation/statement of fact. If you want to have a few people up to the room to socialize this is probably not the right place for you. If you want a room where a couple of people can be clean, safe and comfortable then check it out.	
Nov 5 2008 	A bit pretentious	stayed 2 nights. a bit pretentious hotel. room quite small with view on the courtyard with very noisy aeration channel and dried out plants. room very clean. good central location.	
Oct 22 2008 	Small but clean	We stayed in this hotel 4 nights. The room was very small but clean. All the people that worked in the hotel were very pleasant. The down side was that aside from the small room, there was limited space to put your clothes, the room was dark and we had an awful view. The upside was that the room was very clean, furniture updated and the staff was very nice. The lobby where they served complimentary wine at 5pm was very large. They also served cookies and milk in the evening. We were able to use the gym for free at the YMCA next door.We ate at the 1930 Shanghai restaurant a few doors down and had excellent food. We also went to the outdoor Flea Market down the street on Saturday. Lot's of crafty items for sale.We would stay there again because the staff was so accommodating and the place was clean and the location was great.	
Sep 9 2008	Not for everyone but worked for me...	The location can't be better as it's right across the street from the Ferry Building--great for picking up snacks for the room. There are also several restaurants within a block (even on the same block!) that are very good and do to-go orders.The room was small, like others have said, but we thought it was about normal for San Francisco. We signed up for the Kimpton loyalty program ahead of time and they had a box of homemade trail mix and waters waiting for us in the room.Service was excellent. They serve milk and cookies at night--get there fast before the kids scarf them up! It was insane--I waited for an elderly couple to get their cookies and just as my hand was reaching the cookie plate three kids and a dad ran up and took nearly a DOZEN cookies (yes, the dad!) by reaching over and around me. That's jacked up. But not the fault of the hotel.If I had to do over again, I would definitely pay the extra $50 for the rooms with views. It would have been worth it--gorgeous view of the Bay Bridge.We paid for the parking package and were very glad we did. The staff are totally willing to run out and get your car, as well as give directions and recommendations.We checked out the YMCA facilities and were given a tour by their staff. It smells a bit weird in there but they have great equipment. Also, the staff watch and screen people like hawks--a bit annoying (like playing the &quot;Excuse me, but can I help you?&quot; guitar riff from Wayne's World), but if I had kids it would make me feel very safe having them go there.	
Sep 9 2008 	Nice place to stay small rooms and get a room with a view.	This is a very nice hotel, the only downside is the small rooms. But for business travelers or couples who are out on the town this place works well. They offer some great services. They printed my boarding pass for free, they offer drinks in the lobby, and also have cookies and milk in the lobby at night. And this may sound odd but the soaps in the bathroom were nice. Loved the smell, wanted to take some home with me. The room was also clean, which is a must! The other advice I have is to get a room with a view. My view wasn't great but over it was a nice place to stay.	
Aug 25 2008	great place to stay	The best aspect is the outstanding staff- they got us into our room at 10 am for our stay and really went the extra mile to keep us relaxed and having a great vacation. Wonderful!	
Aug 20 2008 	Great Hotel-STAY THERE	My husband and I stayed at the Harbor Court Hotel 8/08/-8/14 2008. We loved every aspect of this beautifully restored hotel.The stylish rooms are small but, there is enough storage in the drawers under the bed and in the closet. The bathroom has a long glass shelf. We had plenty of room for our things(don't overpack). Please, spend the extra money and get a king view room. It was so nice to look out of the windows and see the Oakland Bridge -day and night. I would especially like to thank Ross, Dulce(printing my boarding pass so that we got in the A group), Jason and all of the other day and night staff for making our stay so nice. We will come back!The hotel offers free coffee and tea in the morning, apples all day, freshly made iced tea in the afternoon,a wonderful hosted wine happy hour from 5-6pm everyday, and cookies and milk in the evening. We loved coming back to the hotel everyday!The hotel is located on the Embarcadero. The F streetcar is only a block away.You can take this to Fisherman's Wharf and to Union Square/Chinatown. We bought 7 -day MUNI passes for $24 dollars each and rode the streetcars, cable cars and buses everywhere. You can take the California cable car line on Market Street and then transfer to the Hyde and Mason/ Powell lines.This will also take you to Union Square/Chinatown and to Fisherman's Wharf. We even took a Market Street bus to Haight/Asbury. The hotel is in a quiet,upscale area. I liked that it was away from the touristy crowd. There are many restaurants in the area, a farmer's market and really nice arts and crafts venders . We ate at Scoma's at the Wharf, Boulevard and many Italian restaurants in North Beach. I would like to highly recommend the Piazza Pelligrini at 659 Columbus Ave. The food was excellent and the waiters were great.	
Aug 20 2008 	Perfect South of Market location	My one night adventure into the City was wonderful thanks to the great hospitality and extra attention I received on my visit to San Francisco. I am a local, born and raised in the area and wanted to spend a special, romantic evening in the City. My room had a spectacular view of the Bay Bridge and the Embarcadero. The staff was helpful and very friendly. I had a read mixed reviews of this hotel, but I contacted the hotel directly. The manager was extremely diligent and answered all of my questions promptly. I felt that the hotel very much wanted me to stay there and went out of the way to make my experience special. I can't wait to go back.	
Aug 12 2008 	Comfortable Stay. Great Service	We just returned from a quick one night stay at the Harbor Court hotel. It was me and my wifes first trip with our 8 week old son and were a little apprehensive about parking. Parking at the hotel was $40 bucks plus tax but was pretty hassle free. We were in the city for a wedding at Ghiradelli square so we checked in, showered, relaxed for a couple hours and then we called down for our car. It was available within less than 5 minutes.We did not have the oppertunity to take advantage of the amenities such as the YMCA next door, beer/wine reception, or the free apples but I did enjoy the Chronicle, NY Times, free Wi Fi and a cup of coffee on Sunday morning.The staff was great and very helpful. I would definitey recommend this hotel to my friends and family.	
Jul 29 2008	Lovely stay at the Harbor Court Hotel	My mother-in-law and I stayed at the Harbor Court 7/23-7/28/08. Not only did we love San Francisco, but we also really liked the Harbor Court Hotel.The staff was fantastically helpful and friendly, the amenities were quite nice (things like the complimentary cookies and milk at night, apples anytime, lemonade during the day, free wireless internet in the rooms for those with laptops, cotton balls, q-tips, as well as shampoo, conditioner, lotion, etc. make a difference for me), and the location was really convenient to public transportation, as you are within a few blocks of the Embarcadero Station where you can catch any number of trains or other MUNI transportation, the BART, or the California Cable Cars (go early in the morning on a weekday for no line). You can also catch the F line right to Fisherman’s Wharf within a block (ask the hotel staff how). Also, all of the rails that go down Market Street end at the Embarcadero, so it doesn’t matter which you take.We loved the post office being right across the street, the access to the Ferry Building and farmer’s market on Saturday, how close we were to some of the best chocolate in the city (two places in the Ferry Building and Fog City News – fogcitynews.com), and the comfort of the beds in the room.The hotel lobby and rooms are nicely decorated, although the view from our room of the courtyard was terrible. We saw a bunch of huge pipes…if you’re there for a while spring for the view of the Bay Bridge if you care about that sort of thing. It would have been nice to have two beds, but the hotel doesn’t have any at all.They let us check in early and held our bags until 4pm on the day of check-out for no charge.P.S. For the best postcards, you must check out Avant Card at Grant and Bush in Union Station. And you should go to the Golden Gate Fortune Cookie Factory in China Town. It's a bit hard to find, but you can handwrite your own fortunes and the lady will put them in a fortune cookie right in front of you.Overall, we loved our trip and would definitely stay at the Harbor Court again.	
Jul 27 2008 	Horrible rooms	I found this hotel on travelzoo and for the price of $109 per room/night it seemed great value considering the reviews on tripadvisor. Unfortunately we were disappointed when we got there - the rooms were tiny - and one of them (607) must have been a converted cupboard as it had a tiny strip window 6 ft from the ground - the colours were a depressing brown. There was no air conditioning in either room.The location is in the financial district - good for if you are in town on business or shopping in Union Square - for us though Fisherman's Wharf was a better and more happening place to stay with children.Staff were very nice - they mentioned that I would have to pay a $100 early departure fee as I agreed to it when I checked in (I don't think so!) and were quite happy to waive this when they heard what rooms we were in (602 and 607).So no I would never stay here again - or a Kimpton Hotel for that matter - I find it incredible that there are so many positive reveiws for this hotel on this site.By the way this is my first ever negative review on tripadvisor!	
Jul 14 2008 	Good hotel despite small rooms	The Harbor Court Hotel, I understand, was converted from a YMCA building, which tends to explain the rather small rooms and on this visit, the very small bathroom. You could barely get the door closed because there was so little space when you were inside the bathroom. We did not have a view either, our room looked at the wall of another building. But from the lobby, with its lovely glass decorations, you got a great view of the Bay.Those were the only detractions from our weekend stay. The hotel's location almost next to the Bay Bridge and in close proximity to most things a visitor would want, e.g. the Embarcadero and Union Square, is very much a plus. If you don't plan to spend much time in your rooms, as we did not, the small size is not a real problem.The Harbor Court is part of the Klimpton hotel group and is like all their hotels I have tried, very good on service, cleanliness and comfort. We got an excellent rate for this hotel. The use of the YMCA next door was free. Like many other Klimpton hotels, there was free coffee in the morning and a wine and cheese reception in the evening.Overall, we were very pleased with our stay.	
Jul 13 2008 	Fabulous Views Ok service	I stayed at the Harbor Court for business in July 2008. Now let me start by saying that I am not an inexperienced visitor to San Francisco. I think this is important only because the room rates tend to be expensive in this city and you tend to end up with a small amount of square footage for what you pay.My first problem with the hotelm began before I ever checked in. I had reserved a room for one night and my plans changed and I called to extend the stay. My rate was $135 so I called the hotel to check in one day earlier and was quoted a rate of $299. I immediately hoped onto expedia with whom I had originally made the review and they had a rate of $135 for the same room. I told this to the person on the phone and they indicated they would match it IF they could also find this rate. Ten minutes latter they honored the rate of $135. Moral of the story, although the Kimpton Website says they gaurentee the best rate....shop around.Upon arriving at the hotel no one was out front to offer to help with the bags, although this may seem like a nit, in San Francisco when traveling by yourself you need somone to get the bags and take the car so you can check in without getting a ticket.Upon checking in I was told that I would need to get new keys the nnext day as I had two seperate reservations...although not the end of the world, it was not convenient when staying more than one day since I have to expense all of travel back to my company I have twice the number of receipts that I needed.The room was nice (small, but again this is SF) but the view was amazing! If you stay her request the &quot;View room&quot; which has amazing views of the bay bridge and the Island!Service was luke warm the entire visit, depending on the website you look at they will give from 3.5 - 4 stars....my experience has been that service is better at some of the other Chain Hotel Properties.This hotel is good for business travel if your stay involves business SOMA or the financial district (near the embarcadero) any further than that and this property will be too far our of the way. Holiday visitors would be better to stay closer to Union Square or the warf as this is where you will most likely spend your time.I think this hotel counts too much on the location, and does not have enough substance to make it 4 stars.	
Jul 7 2008 	Nice but the rooms are too small!!	This is a quirky hotel with some nice touches but the hotel is just too small. The room is probably the smallest i have ever stayed in. For a 4* hotel (and for the price) i would expect a few more facilities. The Japanese bar and restaurant though is exceptional.	
May 28 2008 	Great location staff and perks	The location is great with views of the Oakland Bridge [which has lights at night], good restaurants within walking distance, and buses and ferry nearby. Our room was quiet and large enough for two, but the small room size may be the biggest problem with the hotel. The staff is helpful and friendly. And the perks? good morning coffee in the lobby and a free wine/beer hour in the evening. What's not to like?	
May 20 2008 	Great bed overlooking the Bay	We stayed there for one night and it was very relaxing. Great location to walk right out the Piers. Very hip room with very comfy bed facing out to large windows view over the Bay and Bay Bridge. Great place, great value.	
May 7 2008	Good location pretty hotel - rooms on the smaller side	I recently returned from an enjoyable stay at the Harbor Court hotel in San Francisco. The hotel is about 3 blocks from the Embarcadero BART stop and very convienant to all of the activity along the piers and ferry terminal. Highlights:-free access to the YMCA next door. An amazing facility with lap pool, bball court, full sauna, etc. I never thought I would be on a treadmill with a view of the bay bridge!-free cocktail reception every night with quality wine and beer-free fresh cookies and milk every night-good coffee and tea available at all times-great customer service-flat screen TVs, ergonomic desk chairs, iPod docking stations-across the street from the ferry terminal farmer's market (thursday/saturday - probably the coolest farmer's market I have ever seen. I highly encourage a visit)Lowlights:-a very, very small room (maybe 12' x 12') that takes a little getting used to. And a $50 flat surcharge for a room with a view of the Bay Bridge.The room we stayed in was well appointed, and we got used to the size, but I would caution any families from staying at the Harbor Court. Even finding space for a crib would be a challenge.San Fran is an amazing city. Go visit!	
May 6 2008	Nice Stay	I wasn't sure what to expect after booking through Priceline and getting a very inexpensive rate. I was pleasantly surprised by the great customer service and nice extra perks the hotel provides. In the mornings there was a NY Times outside our door... even Sunday's which is $5. Downstairs they provide coffee and tea. At 5:00 they provide free wine and beer. The rooms are small but we weren't in the room very much so it was fine. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I left my camera bag and battery charger in the room, not realizing until we were out of the city, housekeeping found it and is shipping it back to me. The location is good and right near the Ferry Building although not as centrally located as Union Square. I would definatly stay again.	
May 2 2008 	A great location for AT	We were going to SF for a Giant’s game and wanted a hotel within walking distance to AT&amp;T Park. The Harbor Court fit the bill. In addition, the hotel was running a weekend promotional rate that in terms of SF hotel rates was great ($142.00 for a room with a view!).We arrived early afternoon and the associate that greeted us, Ross was awesome. He worked to have our room ready early and we checked-in around 2:00 p.m. The hotel charges $40.00 + tax per night for valet parking. If you want to save a buck, you can do one of the following:-If arriving on a Saturday night, you can park in front of the hotel for free after 6:00 p.m. and all day Sunday for free.-You can walk ½ a block to the Howard St. Garage and self-park for $29.00 for a 24-hour period. We chose to park at the Howard St. Garage and it was fine.The Hotel:As a Kimpton Regular, this hotel fits with the brand. We booked a king with a view and I am glad that we did. Others have remarked how small the rooms are and they are right. The king gave us a little extra room and an awesome view of the Bay Bridge. Beware-In order to save space, the hotel has placed its beds on pedestals. That if fine, but the pedestals have sharp corners and if you are not paying attention, ouch!!.The bathrooms are tiny with no counter space. It was challenging for both of us to get ready.The lobby is the largest Kimpton Lobby I have ever seen. The wine-hour was actually enjoyable.As a Kimpton regular, I have now stayed at 4 of their San Francisco properties and rank the Harbor Court as my second favorite. I am still really happy with the Serrano,Bottom line, if you can get an awesome rate, stay here. It is steps from the Ferry Building and it will really rock on July 4th.I am a hotel diva and have no negatives about this place. Enjoy your stay.	
Apr 28 2008 	Perfection!	My husband and I spent 2 nights at this hotel and we had such an exquisite time, part of it because of our pleasant stay at this hotel. San Francisco is one of our favorite cities and although we've already been twice, there's always something that entices us to go back. The location is perfect! We've stayed in the Marina district before and realized that there wasn't too much of a big city feel in that area so we decided to book in the Financial District where the action is! Plenty of dining choices within walking distance. The Embarcadero is next door! Beautiful view of the bay bridge, especially at night. A quick bus ride to Union Square. We walked from the hotel to Embarcadero to Chinatown to Union Square and back! It's a bit of a walk, but the best way to explore is by foot! There are a handful of clubs within walking distance and it's a quick ride on the muni to the Castro district if you want to experience something unique. The staff was professional and non-intrusive. The rooms are spotless and quiet. Free wine at the lobby from 5-6 nightly and cookies and milk at 9pm. We'll definitely stay here again!	
Apr 10 2008 	Very Pleased! You Should Stay Here!!!	The staff here was awesome. Very clean hotel and room was immaculate!! Awesome hotel for the price. Our friends stayed at the W but I thought we got a better room at $150/night and not $250/night like what they paid. Can you say rip off? We needed to take a taxi up 3rd Street but were pleasantly surprised when the valet had the hotel car take us for $10 bucks! Really nice Crown Vic and alot better than the dirty taxis. I had no problem with the noise as a matter of fact I didnt hear a thing. I'm familiar with San Fran so expected a small room although was happy with the size. Come on....its San Fran and its compact.I will stay at Harbour Court on all my trips to San Fran. Great location as well.	
Apr 8 2008 	Good Area	Was in the area because of a business trip. The hotel was fine and we had a nice view of the water. It was small for 2 people but reasonably well appointed. There was wine served for an hour each evening in the lobby-lounge area. Overall, it was too expensive for what it was and next time I would chose others in the vicinity which I could see were better value for the money. I did enjoy the Embarcadero area with its delightful shops, fine restaurants and the excellent market in the Ferry Building. Fortunately we had sunny weather and walked to Union Square quite easily.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great Location - Nice Extras!	We just got back from a one night stay at the Harbor Court Hotel. This was a very nice experience and the location was top notch! The things we liked about the hotel: friendly staff, comfortable bed, complimentary wine/beer hour in the lovely &quot;living room&quot;/lobby area, warm cookies &amp; milk before bedtime and of course - location!! Make sure to check out the Ferry Terminal Marketplace just across the street. Lots of great goodies! Yes, as everyone else mentioned - the room is small. But come on people --it's San Francisco! Many of the hotel rooms in SF are small. We didn't find it too bad (and we are large people!) If you can afford to get a room with a view - do it! We just had a small window looking out onto a wall, but we also paid half price using Priceline - so we didn't mind!	
Mar 7 2008 	Small but nice	Our stay at the Harbor Court Hotel was very nice. The staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms were very nice. I stayed there for a weekend with my children, but thought it would be very nice for a romantic weekend in the city with someone special. The rooms are small, so if you are the type of person who stays at a hotel for all it has to offer, this may not be the place for you. However, if you are like me and go out of town to enjoy all that the city has to offer, and just like a nice place to come back to, this hotel is perfect. Great location, and pet friendly so you can bring the pooch.	
Mar 3 2008	Great hotel	My husband and I just spent a weekend at the Harbor Court Hotel. We would definitely stay here again. Our room had plenty of room and the staff was very helpful. We had access to the YMCA next door also. On top of that, we received a $135/night web rate. It is only a few blocks to the nearest BART station and is situation in a good location overall. You can access the train or bus, or just walk down to Fisherman's Whart.Overall, a good stay!	
Feb 29 2008	Superb!	We loved this hotel! Its trendy, vibrant, friendly and in a good location. The view of the Harbour Bridge from the room was fantastic. It was clean and warm and very welcomingThis is modern establishment that is well run. The staff are very helpful and the room service is excellentIt is located about 30 minutes from the shops and Pier 39I would give this hotel 97/100 for Cleanliness, staff friendliness and location	
Feb 25 2008 	Loved Harbor Court	I stayed at the Harbor Court for a business trip and loved it! A few days before I left, I received an email alerting me to a possible upgrade (very reasonable price) and applied for it. When I arrived, I had been chosen to receive this upgrade, which assured me a fabulous view of the Bay Bridge from my room. The room was smaller than most, but this is a boutique hotel, and with the two windows and mirrored wall (which made the room seem larger), I didn't feel the least bit cramped! The staff was wonderful and helped me whenever I had a question about where to eat, how far away something was, and how safe certain areas were. Room Service comes from the restaraunt next door and is exceptional!! I travel a lot, for both work and play, and the Harbor Court is where I'll stay again if I'm ever in San Francisco!	
Feb 7 2008 	Ok hotel	We book this Hotel for its location , it is very central and it could be walking distance to Union Square and china town, we got a good deal on the price but still have to say the rooms are tiny, the room that got assigned to us was on the 6th floor and did not have a window, very dark, if you are claustrophobic this hotel would not be a good option. basically you pay for what you get.Nice Staff and very nice lobby, walking distance to the market. If I ever go back I would pay to upgrade the room for a room with a window.	
Feb 6 2008 	Great place to stay in San Fran	We just spent our second visit at the Harbor Court, and we will certainly be back. Our company has an office in the Embarcadero Center, which requires us to stay in the area. The Harbor Court is just a couple of blocks from there and an easy walk. The hotel is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms aren't overly spacious, but adequate. The typical Kimpton touches such as complimentary wine in the evening, and fresh cookies at 9pm are nice. New York Times and Wall Street journals are available in the lobby and can be delivered to your door.A big bonus is the gym. The HCH is next to the YMCA and free passes are provided. I had never been to a Y and didn't really know what to expect, but the equipment is excellent! The staff at the Harbor Court always make sure you have a bottle of water to take with you as well.They have a Town Car that will take you to the airport for about $40 (as cheap as a cab). Plus, the overall price is low for SF. I have paid approx 220 - 260/night plus tax.Really lovely place to stay. Will definitely be back.	
Feb 4 2008 	Very nice boutique hotel just be warned the rooms are small	Spent 1 night in mid-January with my girlfriend at this boutique hotel. We got this location via priceline. Would definitely not have paid full price. The hotel is a little swanky and trendy. The lobby is nice, and check in was fast and easy. Hotel is located right near The Embarcadero and Ferry Building. A short walk to the terminus of the California Street Cable Car line at California and Market Street. Just be warned that the rooms are small, very small. It was hard to even open two rolling suitcases on the floor. The hotel does not offer any free parking, it only offers valet parking for $38, which is a little too expensive. There is a public parking lot down the block, but it too is expensive. We were able to find parking along the street for free, just make sure you're parking legally over night. The room has a mini-bar, and includes a personal oxygen canister for $15. (I wonder who actually buys this product) The complimentary shower and soap set was nice, as they were Aveda products. The room has a LCD flat panel TV, which was mounted above the bathroom doorway as it would otherwise not fit in the room. Also liked the iPod dock alarm clock. Was able to dock the iPod and list to music. The bed was also comfortable. We did not have any sort of view, just a view of a brick wall, but being from NY we weren't that surprised. The room also had free wireless Internet. Overall a nice stay as long as you know that your room will be small.	
Jan 31 2008 	Great Place To Stay...Very Accomodating!	We went to San Francisco for the 2007 Emerald Bowl. Go Terps! Sad to say we lost. Oh well.....you can't win them all.Stayed at the Harbor Court Hotel on Steuart Street. The staff was extremely friendly and very willing to point us in the right direction to any place that we wanted to go.In my opinion, the hotel is in a great location. It faces the Embarcadero Steet. It is very close to the Bay Bridge. (Not the Golden Gate Bridge). Harbor Court is within walking distance to public transportation and several attractions including Fisherman's Wharf, AT &amp; T park, Pier 39, Chinatown (uphill).It was a long walk, but we walked from the Ghirardelli area back to the hotel. This took about 1/2 hour or so. Great excercise!!!!The hotel is beautifully decorated throughout. They have a wine receptions each night in their very large, open &quot;living room&quot; (for lack of a better word).I agree with the reviews that I read in that the guest rooms are a little on the small side. But they are beautiful. The beds are extremely comfortable. Other than that.....we loved the Harbor Court Hotel and would absolutely stay there again.As far as San Francisco goes....LOVED IT! If you are there for pleasure, you really have to do the touristy thing. Normally, I don't but here I had to. *Alcatraz was great!*Chinatown...loved it!*Ghirardelli was a dissapointment. Over rated!*The Cannery. Over rated!*Pier 39...tourist trap with shops and food. But alot of fun. Check out the sea lions while your there.*Fisherman's Wharf...yum!Do try the clam chowder or chili in a sourdough bread bowl!!!!Ride a Trolley Car. Yea...you have to! Your trip to San Fran would not be complete without it. Be prepared to wait in lines. It is best to try and catch it mid-route as opposed to waiting in line at the Fisherman's Wharf area. VERY crowded.Due to the limited amount of time that we had (3 days) and some cold, misty, foggy, rainy weather, etc.... We were unable to go or even see the Golden Gate Bridge. We will catch this on our next trip to San Fran as well as some other locations.We found a little bar called the 21st Amendment. Great beer and atmosphere! They brew their own beer and have several to choose from. It is very close to the AT &amp;T ballpark. I think on 2nd Avenue.Happy Travels!!!	
Jan 29 2008 	Everything was fantastic....	My fiance &amp; I stayed at the Harbor Court Hotel for 2 nights. From the moment we walked in the front door to check in, we loved it. The staff were very friendly &amp; helpful, the room was very clean, we liked the location, the coffee/tea/hot chocolate in the morning &amp; the wine/beer happy hour from 5pm-6pm was great!We stayed in a part bay view room on the 8th floor. We had noise from the air conditioner units from the restaurant next door but we walked so much through the day that we slept through it! Next time we stay I will request a room with a full bay view.It rained all weekend &amp; we still walked everywhere. It's not that far a walk from Union Square &amp; it's all flat with no hills. We would recommend this hotel to most people. I wouldn't take kids though.	
Jan 25 2008 	Location and view makes up for room size	A little off the beaten path of the Union Square and FiDi mega hotels, yet it is just two short , safe blocks from a Muni/Bart Station. We had a bay view room w/queen size bed on the 4th floor. Yes, it is a small room but if you are a light traveler it isn't a deal breaker. The bay view room prevented it from being claustraphobic. When we first saw our room I was a little concerned that it might be noisy but the building is well sound proofed and we could not even hear other hotel guests. Many fine restaurants are nearby, as well as the Ferry Bldg. across the street on the bay side and YanK Sing for dim sum on the other side of the hotel. With public transport so close you can travel to a lot of great attractions and restaurants fairly easily. The staff was very professional and personable. Overall, a very nice stay.	
Jan 2 2008	Just ok	When we first arrived we were able to have a early check in which was great. The atmosphere of the hotel was great as well as the lounge area with its fireplace and flat screen tv. Upon arriving to my room, I went into shock. The room is a staggering 145 square feet!! I have seen bigger motel rooms. Me and my wife kept bumping into each other whenever we both walked around the room. We only came to view the fireworks and thank God that we didnt have to stay any longer than a day. We were able to see the entire show (fireworks)as the barge was directly in front of the hotel! This was the best thing about the hotel.The flat screen tv was off centered from the bed which was ackward and it didnt swivel. The ice holder was so small the only thing you could have put on chill was a 12 ounce soda. The internet was absolutely great as well as the view of the water and bridge. The only drawback here was that the windows were only about 32 inches wide which meant if you really wanted to enjoy the view, you had to stand in front of it. The hotel has no restaurant , but a contract with japanese restaurant next door.Restaurant next door caters to the hotel but don't expect full breakfast. Most places around hotel are closed on the weekends which puts you far from most of the city action. The hotel also doesn't have a gym so if you want to workout , you'll have to go next door to the YMCA which has a contract with the hotel.Upon trying the shower we found out that the water was just luke warm. The clock radio implied that everyone owns a ipod so you couldn't play cd's -I feel anything over $200 should have a cd player. Later in the night we started smelling cigarette smoke. Thats when I noticed that the door had a slight crack that let light and smoke inside my room. Room is so small that theres no room for a coffemaker even if they tried to provide one. So they serve coffee downstairs to make up for it. So, now you will know why this place is so cheap for the location.	
Dec 27 2007 	Loved it!	Stayed 11 nights at the Harbor Court beginning of November, 2007. I loved it. Yes, bedrooms are small but as a single traveller my room was plenty big for me. Bed was so comfortable. Stylish decor. LIked the extra touches like the wine reception and complimentary coffee in the mornings. I found the staff very efficient. I will stay here again on my next visit for sure. The area around the hotel is ecellent - full of upscale restaurants. Very close to Muni/Bart and the streecars which I loved.	
Dec 15 2007 	Stylish Wonderful Location	I stayed two midweek nights at the Harbor Court ( a Kimpton property) and found the location, amenities, and design to be top notch. The welcome is warm and gracious, and staff make an attempt to satisfy your every need. I paid $224/night for a deluxe king bay view room (senior rate on the Kimpton website), and while not inexpensive the rate was better than the larger chain hotels in the city, especially the Hyatt Regency and Le Meridien that are close by. I'm normally a loyal Starwood guest, but this time I decided to try Kimpton, and the experience was gratifying.Pluses:1) The location right on the Embarcadero is fantastic! Try for a bay view room. Over the years the Harbor Court's location has only become more advantageous as the Embarcadero has become increasingly people friendly. The Ferry Building with it's wide array of food and gift shops and restaurants is spectacular. The Harbor Court provides a jogging map with roundtrip mileage estimates from the Ferry Building to various points along the wharf.2) Typical for Kimpton, wireless internet access is complimentary. There are two iMacs in the lobby connected to a printer. Under 15 minutes is free, and you start paying for anything over that.3) Rooms are small, but beautifully and stylishly designed. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in, perhaps excelling over Westin's Heavenly Bed. A wall mounted LCD TV and Aveda bath amenities complete the room.4) Morning coffee service and evening wine tasting (another Kimpton tradition) is delightful.5) The Embarcadero YMCA is next door with complimentary access is to Harbor Court guests. Complete fitness facilities include a 25 meter six-lane pool.6) The BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) Embarcadero stop is two blocks away; so, one can get from SFO to the Harbor Court in under 45 minutes, including walking time from the BART stop to the hotel front door. Fare is about $5 each way from SFO. The Harbor Court is also easily accessible from the Oakland Airport via the same BART stop.7) Great restaurants within easy walking distance in the neighborhood: Ozumo (in the Harbor Court), Boulevard (at the end of the same block), Slanted Door (Ferry Building across the street), and One Market (two blocks away).Minuses:1) As mentioned before, rooms are small, and the majority of non-bay view rooms are interior and rather dark.No other disadvantages I can think of. I'll come here again!!	
Nov 19 2007 	nice hotel and great location	we had a nice stay at the harbor court hotel on a saturday night.rooms are small but clean and comfortable beds, great price at 90.00. minibar was fully stocked but get a price list before going crazy!!! wine reception nice!!! and coffee and paper in morningwill stay again~~~L.w. manteca, ca	
Oct 30 2007 	Good stay at usual Kimpton	Two of us stayed at the Harbor Court for 3 nights Fri, Sat, Sun in October. We stayed for the good rate we got and its location close to the Ferry Building...great food.We had a &quot;corner&quot; room 610 queen bed &quot;overlooking&quot; Steuart St, but there is only one window overlooking the air conditioning unit of the building. The window opens. The unit on the roof is not noisy during the day, but I found it a bit irritating at night and slept with the TV on all night to disguise the sound. Room was clean and housekeeping honored our note for extra towels.The desk chair was an impediment to getting to the bathroom, so I moved it between the entry door and the bathroom door.There are 2 drawers in the platform bed and a small armoir for hanging clothes with ironing board, iron. There are 2 electrical outlets right on the desk. Lights with dimmer switches at both sides of bed, light on armoir, desk lamp.Lobby coffee in the morning was fine. We bought bread at the Ferry Building to go with our morning coffee.If I stayed here again, I would book a bay view room for the light and nice view.	
Oct 23 2007 	Small But Interesting Boutique Hotel	I had to travel to San Francisco on business and all of my favorite hotel were booked solid. A co-worker of mine recommended this hotel and here are my thoughts:POSITIVES:1. Location and View: This place has a great location within walking distance of a lot of cool areas of San Francisco. The view from my room was incredible!!! I looked out over the SF BAy and had a stunning view of the Bay Bridge which I really enjoyed in the evening. 2. Room decor: Nicely apponted. It had a king bed, a small desk, a small plasma TV, two endtables and a chair. The bathroom was small but nice and clean with tile floors, a pedastal sink, and a shower-tub with decent water pressure.3. Internet in room was FREE. This is ALWAYS a major plus for me. 4. Lobby: Nicely decorated in a very ultra-modern fashion. Lots of cool places decor and places to sit and drink complimentary wine in the early evening or complimentary milk and cookies in the later-evening. Both of which were a very nice touch. NEUTRALS:1. Bed: Seemed very hard and not as comfy as I am used to in the Westins, Ws and Sharetons that I normally stay in. 2. Service: The front desk person was friendly but no one ever really went out of their way. NEGATIVES:1. Room Size: The room was VERY SMALL and the walk from the elevator to my room was long and confusing (the layout of the hallways leading to the rooms is very maze-like). 2. Price: I paid $299/night, which, in my opinion, is inordinately high for the size of the room and the amenities provided.	
Oct 16 2007 	Excellent service tiny bathrooms!	As many have mentioned, the rooms here are not very large. The actual bedroom is a manageable size, though on the small size. The bathroom, however, was too small to fit our &quot;bathroom stuff&quot; - just one little shelf and one towel bar - nowhere to hang a hand towel, nowhere to hang towels to dry, not much room at all for makeup, face soap, etc. The Aveda bath products were quite nice, though, and were re-stocked every day.The other main negative about this hotel is the lack of room service - breakfast is available from 7-9am M-F and 7-10 Saturday and Sunday. On weekdays, you can order lunch from Ozumo during their regular lunch hours (11:30-2), but there's nothing available on weekends and nothing between 2 and when the restaurant re-opens at 5:30. Ordinarily, I wouldn't even notice something like this, but almost all of the restaurants around the hotel are closed on the weekends, leaving Starbucks and a market/deli thing as the ONLY options for a late breakfast or lunch on the weekends.Other than the size of the bathrooms and the lack of room service, this is a great property - nicely furnished and the staff was always super pleasant and helpful. I'm not sure if we would stay at this hotel again - it would probably depend on if we were going to be there over the weekend or not.	
Oct 10 2007 	Very Nice great location	We checked in on a Sunday afternoon and everything went very smoothly. The hotel has easy access for those driving into the city. Easy on-off from the highway. Everyone at check-in was friendly. We paid a little more for a room with a view and it was lovely. The room was small but well organized. The bed was GREAT!. We walked to an afternoon Giants baseball game and it was a nice walk along the bay. The hotel had complimentary wine in the late afternoon. It was so relaxing to sit in the well appointed lobby. We ate at a fantastic restaurant only two doors away. (Expensive and can't remember the name) In the morning we had time before our flight to walk to Union Square and the financial district. I would highly recommend this place.	
Oct 3 2007 	Very Thoughtful Service 	I had a fantastic stay at the Harbor Court Hotel. I have to agree that the room was the smallest that I've ever seen. It was ok for the 2 of us but not more than that. But smallness aside, Harbor Court has everything that you need. The decor, cleanliness, service, accomidations, location (right next to the Ferry Building) are to the point. I was thrilled when Harbor Court left us a personal letter to wish me &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; along with a complimentary bottle of wine/glasses and chocolates for two. That was so thoughtful of them.Other unique items: free complimentary wine, cookies and milk at bedtime, options of turning down the cover/mints, Aveda bath products, umbrella for rainy day use, bath robes, LCD screen, Oxygen supply (w/ charge), Ipod dock station/radio/alarm, free complimentary limo service in the morning M-F to Financial district, complimentary newspapers, YMCA pass (where you can use free internet, this place is huge 4 stories, including an olympic size pool), sushi/sake room service (that was just awesome for a sushi lover like me), assistance with your bags and recommendations for sightseeing etc.The parking charges were extremely high, $38 not including tax, but we didn't mind it considering parking was just horrible in SF. You can't find parking anywhere, especially at peak hours. If you valet, Harbor Court will get your car anytime you like and you can call down 15 minutes ahead so you won't have to wait.I'm a total sucker for service and attention to detail so I will definitely stay at Harbor Court or any other Kimpton Hotel again.I would definitely give it a 5 if the rooms were bigger. For those who like a roomy space and don't care much about decor/service, this place may be a bit claustrophobic. But if you don't mind it like me than definitely stay here. Also, remember to call a few hours before you get to the hotel just to make sure you get what you ask for (esp. if you book a standard room with a view). Harbor Court fulfilled all my requests :0)	
Sep 23 2007	tiny rooms!	We did the priceline thing and got this room. We we very excited cause the room was so cheap and looked pretty nice online. The hotel itself was not bad. The problem is the rooms were extremely tiny. There were two of us and it was unbearable. The staff was no help! If you a biz traveller staying there one night, it wouldn't be bad. Go to hotel vitale and pay the money, it will be worth it!!!!! That's what we did!	
Sep 23 2007 	Nice hotel	I stayed at the Harbor Court for business earlier this month. The hotel is directly across the Embarcadero and my room had a incredible view of the Bay Bridge. The rooms were a little small, but cozy and well-designed. The restaurant next door, Ozumo is said to be one of the best in the city for Japanese dining and there are several other good restaurants in the area. I would stay here again!	
Aug 31 2007 	Highly Recommended	Hubby &amp; I stayed her from 8/25 - 8/29 and were very pleased. The location is ideal: 2 blocks from the F Market street car to Pier 39 &amp; Fisherman's Wharf, 2 blocks from local buses (21 Hayes &amp; 14 Mission), 3 blocks from the California St. trolley, 1 block from the Ferry Building, and walking distance from SF MOMA and CA Academy of Science &amp; Steinhart Aquarium. Several bars / restaurants locally as well. It's a boutique style hotel with very comfortable accomodations (king size bed with ensuite bathroom). During our stay there was complimentary coffee &amp; tea in the am, a free wine reception in the evening at 5pm and complimentary milk &amp; cookies at 9pm. All of which were available in their very cozy lounge area. The staff were very friendly and very responsive. Hotel and rooms were well maintained. We were able to get a great deal of $79 per night from Travelzoo. Worth every penny and then some! We'd definitely go back.Tip - Consider purchasing the SF City Pass. It gives you free admission to several attractions as well as free transportation on all buses, street cars and trolleys for 9 consecutive days from the first day used. Worth it!	
Aug 19 2007 	Awesome Hotel!	Just returned home from a week stay at the Harbor Court. What a view from the hotel! We have nothing to say but good things about the hotel and the staff. The place was extremely clean, well centered to the city and just a wonderful place to stay. Nice touches like the bed turned down at night with chocolates on the pillows, light music playing and the lights turned down dimly was such a nice thing to come back to each evening. The wine/beer coctail hour in the lobby was a nice place to meet other travelers. Staff was VERY NICE! The hotel was very quiet since a lot of the people there were there on business. The Embarcadero was a nice place to stay.....close to transportation but not overcrowded like the Wharf. Close to the Ferry building and great restaurants. Wouldn't stay anywhere else in SF!	
Jul 30 2007 	Embarcadero keeps improving; this hotel remains terrific	Third time staying here. Main drawback is that the room is small, but I don't spend much time in the room in a great city like SF.Compared to my first two stays (04 and 05), the Embarcadero and this part of SOMA has really picked up, while remaining off the beaten path of SF neighborhoods (like the Wharf, No. Beach, etc.). Ozumo next door is hopping at Happy Hour. You need to get reservations well ahead of time for Boulevard. One Market is great dining spot a block away. The Ferry Building is great--love Saturday's Farmer's Market. The SF Marathon started right outside our window at 5:30 AM which would have been a downer had we not been participating in it.Bay View rooms provide a spectacular view; wine hour 5-6 was quite popular. Front desk staff is inconsistent--some of them are terrific, some stink--but there has never been any hitches with my checkin/out, or any needs I request from them.	
Jul 26 2007 	Friendly service	Stayed at the Harbor Court Hotel three nights. It is a little pricey, but we got a good deal. Rooms are small, but if you are in SF and spending a lot of time in the room - what's wrong with you?Ask for a bay view, it has a great view of the Bay Bridge and Embarcadero. Clean room, comfortable bed, good shower. The thing that stood out to me was the service. We dragged in around midnight after a late ballgame. I went to the front desk to ask if ANYPLACE nearby was open for food (not expecting anything) and she wrote down the number of a pizza joint that delivers until 3am! The valet staff was very knowledgable and friendly as well!	
Jul 25 2007 	Noisy no view and small	Noisy room next to air conidtioners outside, no view except walls and a/c units, no room to move in room. Small and tight hallways. Tiny bathroom.$200 per nite for this.	
Jul 17 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	Hubby and I stayed here for 2 nights and really enjoyed it. We did get a bay view room which was spectacular. The views of the Bay Bridge at night, all lit up, were outstanding. It made up for the room that could have been a tad larger but worked just fine for us since we were out and about most of the time. The decor was chic and comfortable, bed- very comfortable and the staff was friendly. The wine in the evenings - a nice touch. We went to see Jersey Boys one night (awesome show) at the Geary which was a quick cab ride from the hotel and we took the F line bus home. The next day we walked along the beautiful waterfront, just 7 long blocks to AT&amp;T ballpark. All in all a great experience, very convenient location. We always take Amtrak to SF from Sacramento and the stop is right across the street from the hotel so it's so easy and no paying for parking which is very expensive in SF.Only suggestion I have would be to provide more surfaces in the bathroom to put things on. It's workable but an additional shelf or 2 would really help for 2 people and all your bathroom &quot;stuff&quot;.A great place - we'll be back!	
Jul 9 2007 	BEWARE of this hotel !	1. I had the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE by this hotel staff EVER and I am a full time traveller. Completely rude and inhospitable and made feel about as welcome as a criminal. Had I not pre-paid for the entire trip in advance I would have moved hotels rather than be treated second class.2. The hotel website is misleading with pictures of rooms overlooking the bay bridge. Only the suites face the bridge, ALL THE OTHER ROOMS SIT DIRECTLY ON TOP OF TWO ENORMOUS AIR CONDITONER GENERATORS ON THE TOP OF THE ADJACENT BUILDINGS.... so ifthe view isnt bad enough the deafening noise IS!!!!3. If you are thinking of staying here I would quickly advise booking the HOTEL VITALE instead, it is closer to the ferry building, has better views on ALL sides and is owned by the much better run JOIE DE VIVRE group here in town. The rooms are also larger and new for the same price as cramped and dingy at this hotel.	
Jul 3 2007	Great Place to Get Work Done	Among this hotel's other virtues is that it is a great place to get work done. I spent a week there and had to complete some serious writing in my room for about 3 of the 5 days. The place is very quiet and housekeeping staff were very accommodating at cleaning the room around my work schedule. The wi-fi (included in room rate) was also very helpful.	
Jun 27 2007 	Cool Kitsch and Fun Vibe	The Harbor Court is a charming little joint on the embarcadero with great views and some nice little touches. Upon arrival we noted that the &quot;valet&quot; service wasn't really well defined and later discovered that the bellmen were doing double duty. Check in was quick and they accommodated our request for early check in (10:30a). Valet for overnight seemed excessive at $38. The wine and beer cordial in the evening was nice, the wines were tasty and not just cheap swill and the beer was Sierra Nevada on tap. The room was small, but not too cramped, similar to NYC hotels. It had an iPod player on the clock radio and a flat screen LCD on the wall. The LCD was not tuned correctly for the aspect ratio and they should either get an HD signal or stretch the 4:3 picture. Nothing worse than watching a square picture on a rectangular screen. The bed was a tad on the hard side, any harder and I would say too uncomfortable for a good night sleep. Check out was quick and they held our bags while we spent the afternoon in the city. Staff was courteous, kind, and helpful. Location was nice, but they really weren't near much besides Market St. and the Embarcadero. Probably 1 mile west to Fishermans Wharf, 1 mile east to AT&amp;T Park.	
May 29 2007 	The Best Kept Secret in SFO	What a great location on the Embarcadero! The extra charge for a bayview room makes the stay even more romantic! Located near the base of Market St. Muni and Bart lines, the M Streetcar line and the Ferry Bldg makes renting a car totally unnecessary. AND the restaurants! The best is Izumo located right on the hotel property for sushi, tepenyaki and grill fish. But ABOVE ALL you must try the hottest restaurant now in the Bay Area: ASIAsf. Can you imagine your waiter excusing thim/herself to do the greatest drag show around right up on the middle of the bar while you are dining! And a great price for the 3 course price fix menu. Try it, you'll love it!	
May 19 2007 	Wonderful hotel	My wife and I stayed at this hotel late last year and it was a great experience. The staff is friendly and the location great. Note it's a long way from union square and fishermans wharf, but as long as you are aware of that it doesn't matter. One suggestion though if you want to blow the budget on a fantastic meal it's just down the road from Boulevard restaurant which is one of SF's finest. The only complaint I'd have is that the rooms are small, it is hard to get around that but if you pay more money they do have larger rooms with harbour views but I only saw those when I walked down the hall.	
May 10 2007 	Beautiful Location Great Experience	My husband and I just returned from a week in California, where we spent three nights at the Harbor Court Hotel. We had a great time! I could find things to pick apart about this hotel, of course, like most others, but it really was a very pleasant stay. We had perfect San Fran weather, so being down on the Embarcadero was so nice! Our room did have the bayview- and I thought the $30 was worth it, especially if you get a good deal on the room. Housekeeping was terrific- our room looked like we hadn't even been there each time they came! We didn't get a chance to eat on site, but there are so many great food options nearby! The farmers market across the street on Saturday morning was really a treat. Overall, I think you will really enjoy your stay at the Harbor Court Hotel!	
May 6 2007	Quiet hotel in Embarcadero	An actually quiet hotel in Embarcadero at the edge of Financial District. I saw a lot of reviews about the small room size but I've seen smaller rooms on other boutique hotels. Great service, nice complimentary car to downtown. Just across from Rincon center sogood dim sum (Yank Sing) is within walking distance. Just 1 block from Ferry Building so gourmet food is just 5 minutes walk away. Close to BART and F-line streetcar - no problem with public transit whatsoever. I did not book the bayview room but seriously - all you have to do is step through the lounge backdoor and you'll get the same view. Also I spent most of my time out of the hotel - so paying extra $30 per night did not really work for me.Overall - great stay experience.	
May 2 2007	Great hotel kind of close to Pier 39	I booked this hotel through a third party and got a great deal for $79. At this price, the hotel was fantastic!! The hotel is well-decorated, has a nice wine/beer reception in the evening. Though we mised it, they also have a milk and cookies hour later at night. The rooms are decorated quite nicely, but are a bit on the small side. I guess this hotel is a renovated YMCA? They have coffee and tea in the morning too. A nice add would be to offer breakfast.The staff was fairly helpful, as we had need for a crib and it was in the room upon checking in. We also needed some milk for the baby and they sent some up for us in a timely manner. That was a really nice touch.I think the only thing I would tell people to be wary of is that this hotel is further away from Pier 39/Fisherman's Wharf than expected. We were told that it would be about a 20-minute walk. It is more like 40 -60 minutes. But we were pushing a stroller. It's only a block from the Ferry Building, which has cool cafes, delis, etc. On Saturdays, they also do a Farmer's Market.Anyway, pretty good location, GREAT deal, fairly friendly staff. I would definitely stay here again for that price!	
Apr 30 2007 	Very Nice Hotel	Spent a very enjoyable weekend at the Harbor Court Hotel in San Francisco. The location is great, in the Embarcadero area and just right across the street from a great farmer's market (on Saturday only). The hotel is not huge, in fact probably one of the smaller ones I've ever stayed at (not counting hotels in Europe), but it is beautifully decorated and the staff is very friendly and helpful. My room had one queen size bed (though it seemed a little smaller than a queen) and had a view of another building. The view really wasn't that important to me, I was just very impressed by how tastefully decorated the room was and how clean it was. Nothing looked worn down, everything looked new and straight out of Crate &amp; Barrel. The bathroom was spacious and had Aveda bath products, which I love! Back to the bedroom - I'm not going to lie, it was tiny, but again made up for the fact by being so clean. There was a medium sized flat screen tv hanging over the desk and a large armoire that was used as a closet. My biggest complaint about the room was that I found the bed to be very uncomfortable. The mattress was a little too firm and the pillows a little too soft. I'm not joking, I prefer the mattress to be soft and the pillows a little more firm but that's just me. The hotel offered a hosted wine hour from 5-6 pm daily and they also offered fresh baked chocolate chip cookies and milk at nighttime. I checked out on Sunday morning and when I came down stairs they had a complimentary continental breakfast going on in the living room area. The hotel also offers complimentary wireless internet though I didn't make use of it. Overall I thought the hotel was great and through a deal I found on TravelZoo I only paid $79 a night (Friday-Sunday). I would definitely stay at a Kimpton hotel in the future though I might have to bring my own pillow along.	
Apr 23 2007 	Very Pleasant - No complaints	I have never had a bad experience at a Kimpton hotel. They are always very stylish, clean, and relaxing. Great amenities, and the staff is always very friendly. The Embarcadero is very pleasant to walk along, and the nearby Farmer's Market mall is great for all kinds of dining. Views of the bay are great. It's nice to be in one of the more quiet areas of the city, yet still close to downtown and easy for transportation. If you have a car, you can park in a nearby garage overnight for about $10 less than their valet fee.Also, if you are traveling with pets, no place is better than a Kimpton hotel, because they never charge extra fees and are very friendly to your pet.	
Apr 13 2007 	Small but sexy room	Yes, the room is small. The queen sized bed on one wall with a small desk on one side and a small nightstand on the other. However, the room is styled so nicely and sexy that it's not even noticed. Excellent bedding and appointments really set this place apart from other rooms in this town. It's San Francisco, how much time do you really expect to spend in the room!?!?!The bathroom is really nice sized considering the size of the room; plenty large enough for two people to navigate in. The Aveda products were also a nice surprise!The sitting room off to the side of the room was the best part; plasma screen on the wall, armoire for hanging up clothes, a mini bar and a loveseat. Even with all of that in the room it still didn't feel small to me.This room is perfect for two people coming in to town for a weekend getaway or one person traveling on business. I will certainly stay here again when I pass through.	
Apr 9 2007 	Mixed Feelings	My husband &amp; I stayed for 2 nights and found it to be one of the most well-decorated hotels we've stayed in. We loved the contemporary linens, decorations. leopard-print robes and Aveda bath products. However, beware! There is no toothpaste provided. Rather, you would be expected to pay $3.95 for a mini-tube found in the mini-bar, which we thought was lame.We did feel the room was small, but right around what one should expect in the city anyway. There is no coffee maker in the room, but that is made up for by the hotel's provision of organic coffee &amp; high-quality tea in their lobby/communal living room area, along with free wine &amp; beer in the evening and milk &amp; cookies in the later part of the evening.We thought the front desk staff was dispassionate--not warm, but not rude. The housekeeping staff on the other hand is very friendly. Parking is a pain as it generally is in the city, so I would suggest either parking down Howard Street in the open-lot parking which is roughly $16 from 8am - 5pm.Overall, it was not a bad deal, considering that we paid $70 on priceline. I found out that we could have upgraded to a bay view room for $50 per night, but decided to pass on it since we were planning to spend more time outdoors.	
Apr 3 2007 	This place was highly ranked for a reason...	I stayed there this last weekend in a Queen Room with a Bay View. I must say I was really frightened of a few reviews because so many said the rooms were tiny. But when I got to the hotel, my husband and I were very impressed. The room was a very nice size - it wasn't the biggest hotel room I've ever stayed in but not the smallest by a long shot. The view from each of the three windows was amazing. The room was spotless andbeautifully designed - great carpet, linens, curtains were cool. Thebed was really comfortable - all down and pillows. There was an ipod jack and dimmer lights and free wi-fi. The bathroom had great ammenities and Aveda toiletries and a great shower. Nice stereo and huge flat screen TV. A lot of other boutique hotels - esp. around Union Square - are kind of &quot;wannabe classy&quot; hotels. But not this place - this place had no scuffs, no burn marks, no little blemishes that detract from the overall comfort. It was spottless. I'm not a lobby person but we went down and made use of the wine reception - we probably had a good 4 glasses each :) and played checkers in the gorgeous lobby. The lobby was awesome - hip and comfortable at the same time - it was inviting. Fresh baked cookies at night an organic coffee/tea in the morning? Nothing wrong with that. I ate and drank my way through the freebies.I love to complain but I have nothing to complain about here - all in all, for the money I spent, this was the best deal I have ever had in San Francisco. I would go back again in a heartbeat.	
Mar 31 2007	best fireworks ever	We have booked the Penthouse Suite and adjoining room for New Years Eve for the past two years and the fireworks from the Balcony are fantastic! The views from these 2 rooms are the best on the Embarcadero. This is not a huge suite but was perfect for us. The adjoining room to the suite can be booked seperately and is one of the larger rooms (although still small) it has a large floor to ceiling window that opens to a petite balcony overlooking the Bay Bridge, Treasure Island and the Ferry Bldg. The staff is very friendly and free wine in the afternoon and coffee in the morning is always appreciated. The lobby is very nice and quite comfortable and if you have a small room you may find yourself hanging out in it. If you can get a great rate the hotel is very nice, good beds, high quality linens, robes, etc. but without a view I would be reluctant to pay too much. The rooms at the nearby Hotel Vitale are much larger and the terraces on the 7th floor have spectacular views. The nearby restaurants are the best in the city and include Ozuma's, in the hotel, Boulevard, on the corner and the Slanted Door in the Ferry Bldg across the street. This is a fun, exciting and fairly safe area to stay in the city and free music is often found at the Ferry Building or at Chaya's restaurant.	
Mar 31 2007 	Excellent SF hotel that is actually QUIET!	I enjoyed the one night I was able to stay at the Harbor Court. The room was small--I didn't read the reveiws regarding this until I had returned home--but everything was there that I needed and it was clean and comfortable. Attending a conference at the Moscone, the staff was very willing to call for transportation, get us a seat at the excellent Japanese restaurant next door or to fill our every need. I felt very welcome here. As for the street people, where in San Francisco can you go to avoid them? Right outside the back door of the lobby is the Bay Bridge--Beautiful!	
Mar 26 2007 	Great location-attractive hotel	The hotel is very attractive- lovely lobby area with fireplace and colorful furnishings. Our room was a queen- small, but totally functional. Drawers under the very firm and comfortable bed, flat screen T.V., Armoire and lovely draperies, linens and mini bar. Unfortunately we had an interior room -which faced the other side of the building. There was still tons of natural light, however, and windows that kept the noise out. The bathroom was well equipped as well with Aveda products, decent towels, hairdryer,etc. Parking is pricey ($38) - cheaper garages are down the street. Front desk staff were attentive and friendly.The location is great- close to all public transportation, the Saturday Farmer's Market (the best spot for amazing breakfast pastries and coffee- not to mention the amazing fruit and vegetables!) Two great restaurants nearby- 'Boulevard' or the 'Fog City Diner'......for $75 on Priceline, quite a good deal!	
Mar 21 2007	Small but well equipped aesthetic rooms	Although the rooms are European size, even large compared to hotels in London, they are aesthetically designed and have everything one needs: desk, hi-tech chair, large flat panel TV. Even though the room was compact, the bath room was quite large. The only problem I encountered with the room was that I had to move the desk chair to make room for the ironing board and there were not enough electric outlets. My room faced the inner court (roof top), but I didn't have any expectations for a view. The service provided by the reception desk was excellent - I left a signed document and they arranged for Fed Ex pick-up and filled out the forms after I checked out. The location is excellent - not far from Pier 2. On the same block there are several trendy restaurants, including a Japanese one adjacent to the hotel. The wireless internet worked without any problems. I can recommend the hotel and would stay there again.	
Feb 19 2007	Loved it!	My husband and I stayed here for one night over President's Day weekend. We got the room for $89 on Priceline, which was a pleasant surprise. Even though we both work in this area every day, it was fun to be there on a weekend. There is a lot to do - the Ferry Plaza shops, walking along the Bay, very nice restaurants - plus easy access to BART and MUNI so you can get anywhere in the City easily. We did not feel that we were given second class treatment because we were there through Priceline, on the contrary, all the staff were very helpful and friendly. The room was tiny but the bed was very comfortable and everything was stylishly done. There are a lot of little extras, such as free internet in the lobby, free coffee, cookies and wine at different times of the day. We would definitely stay here again and will recommend it to visiting friends and business associates.	
Jan 23 2007 	Great location tight accommodations	I have stayed frequently at the Harbor Court for business and a couple times for personal travel -- it is a charming property with the size and configuration of rooms that you'd expect of a renovated YMCA! Yes, the room is tight and you usually have to relocate a chair or otherwise temporarily rearrange for your personal preferences, but the furnishings are chic and comfortable otherwise. The baths are comfortably sized and have nice Aveda toiletries. Complimentary use of the adjoining YMCA fitness facilities is a huge business traveler or even tourist perk. You're right down the street from the fabulous Ferry building and a short walk from the city's unique attractions. Pay a little extra for probably the closest window you'll get to the Bay without your own mortgage. The room rates overall are a great value in a big city and for this location. I have not been thrilled that the staff always fail to recognize my frequent traveler/Kimpton rewards program status but they're cordial about forgetting at least.	
Jan 14 2007 	Nice rooms consistently rude staff	I travel to SF on business frequently and I choose this location for the nicer bedding, dark window coverings and Aveda bath products. My two complaints are that the staff has been consistently rude upon check in, and the room service menu is substandard. Great location if you are in town on business.	
Nov 28 2006 	Good location  tiny rooms	Clean hotel with friendly staff and some nice touches e.g. wine tasting. The rooms however were very small and I had to move the chair next to the desk to get to the bathroom!The lack of breakfast wasn't a drawback for me as at a conference but I could imagine some people may find this frustrating.Good location to get to main city and shops - a 10 minute stroll.	
Nov 10 2006 	Great for single person	Stayed here 2 nights last weekend through a great deal I got on Priceline ($90/night plus tax). I've never had a smaller room at a hotel, but it was well appointed and the bedding was great. As a single traveler I was fine, however 2 people would be tight. One wall was completely mirrored, which visually opens up the space and would also be ideal for horizontal entertainment :-) I don't mind rooms that face courtyards in urban environments since they are usually quieter. Unlike other reviewers, the hotel was going to charge $10 to use the Y. Since I was already a Y member I could get in with my Y card for $3. The hotel staff were always helpful. The Saturday market at the Ferry Building down the block is fantastic. I would definitely stay here again if I was traveling alone.	
Nov 7 2006 	Good experience	Stayed here last week at $200 per night for a room with no view. If you bring your signficant other, I would suggest getting a room with a view of the Bay Bridge. It is a beautiful sight when it is lit at night. I have a lot of business in the Embarcadero area and usually stay at the Griffon which is a decent boutique (small, brick walls, unusual deco) two doors down. Turns out the Griffon was more expensive this particular week and the Harbor Court appears to have better reviews so thought I would give it a try.My room (503) was surprisingly large and comfortable. The king size bed was really nice to my sensitive back I had a sitting area and a good size desk. The hotel has a good wireless network so I was able to do work efficiently. As I was leaving for meetings each day, I would get a glimpse of other rooms which were being serviced. There were some that were very small and are consistent with some of the negative reviews on this site so suggest that you book direcly with the hotel which gets you free access to the YMCA next door and allows you to make special room requests. The YMCA was recently renovated and is a very nice facility.The service I received was fine. Check in/out was fast and easy. I was welcomed with smiles on my way out each day and upon my return. I didn't have any special service request so I can't say that I really tested them. But it seemed to me that they were going out of their way to be friendly. Perhaps, management is reading some of the recent negative reviews on service.I will most likely stay here again on my next trip to SF.	
Oct 23 2006 	TINY Rooms rude staff	My platonic male friend &amp; I arrived at the Harbour Court hotel after a 28 hour flight from Bali. We requested a room with two beds and was told there was only only two rooms available in the whole hotel, ours (with one bed) and the penthouse. (Although I overheard a another clerk telling another client that there were rooms available) I was looking forward to a comfortable sleep in my own bed. But I was forced to stay in a tiny bed with my friend who's 6'4&quot;. I very nicely requested a cot and was told the hotel does not have them. Then I requested extra pillows so I could sleep on the floor and that request was never filled. The snooty clerk who was on duty, snidely told me to go have some 'cookies and milk&quot; in the lobby... very insulting! The room was VERY tiny, the bed small and there was barely enough room to sleep on the floor. The next morning I hoped to sleep in late after my friend caught an early flight, but the room was very loud. I could hear the elevator clearly although the room was half way down the hall. The sound echosed in the hallway. The bathroom was very small and poorly designed. I had to step inside the shower and get sprayed with cold water in order to turn the water on. The hotel advertised it &quot;unique&quot; decor, but except for a bed canopy and flat-screen TV (The room was too small for a traditional TV) it didn't look much different than a holiday inn	
Oct 13 2006 	Great hotel great location!	Booked our rooms through Hotwire at a cheaper rate for a four-day visit to San Francisco from London, and the hotel exceeded our expectations. All the staff were very friendly and we availed ourselves of the nightly wine tasting, followed by milk and cookies later on - an unusual and pleasant touch. True, rooms are small, but very comfortable and stylish; we knew this before we booked, so weren't surprised. Didn't have a bay view as that's more expensive, but you don't need that as the hotel is right on the Embarcardo - perfect for morning/evening strolls/jogs. Another plus is the Amtrak railway office just across the road (not the train station - that's in Oakland, I think), where you can conviently catch a bus to the station and then travel by those wonderful Amtrak trains to anywhere in the US. Used the YMCA gym next door (again, they were very friendly), and the post office across the road is very handy for sending postcards etc. The BART station from SF International Airport is very close as well (can't remember the name of the stop, though). The Ferry Building is just across the road as well, containing a wide variety of shops and places to eat. Best of all is the ferry that takes you to Sausaulito in about 20/30 minutes, right past Alcatraz. All in all, this was a real find, great value for money and in a wonderful location in a wonderful city.	
Oct 11 2006 	Two kinds of service at the Harbor Court Hotel	I booked a last minute stay through Hotwire at the Harbor Court Hotel to enjoy a one night stay in San Francisco for Columbus Day. It's a great location close to the Embarcadero Waterfront and the Ferry Building's wonderful shops. I walked to North Beach to watch the Italian Heritage Day Festival and took the underground Muni to shop at the brand new Westfield Shopping Centre which, by the way, has the best food court of any mall I've ever been to.Mind you, the hotel has great amenities but I felt treated like a second class citizen because I booked my trip through Hotwire. When I checked in, the front desk person told me that all she had available was a full-size bed as all the larger beds were completely sold. I asked for a bayview room and she told me that I would have to pay $50 more to have that.When I got to my room, I was shocked to see how small it was! At first I couldn't find the television and then I looked up toward the ceiling and saw there was a small flat screen tv in the corner. Then I wondered where the dresser was, and I finally found a drawer underneath my mattress. The bed was a true full-size, and I wondered how my partner would have been able to stay with me had he been there! The bathroom was a good size, though, but I would've given up some of that space to have more room. There was a desk and a chair. Overall, I was amazed at how they utilized such a small space.After seeing my room, I went downstairs to see if there was a bigger room available but the front desk person told me they were all sold out. I overheard her telling other guests that the YMCA next door was complimentary. When I asked her about it, she said that was only available to those who book directly with the hotel. She told me that I would have to pay a fee to use it.The pluses with the hotel are definintely the decoration and the decor. It is a very modern looking place that fits the San Francisco style. They also had a nightly wine tasting, fresh chocolate chip cookies at 9 pm, and complimentary coffee/tea service in the mornings. They also delivered a NY Times to my doorstep.This was my first opportunity to stay at a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel. If I had a bigger room, then I probably would've given this a higher rating than a 3. But I felt that because I ordered this through a third party website that I was treated differently.If you book directly through the hotel, then I would definitely recommend this place. But if you book it through a third party website, then I would caution you to be not get your hopes up with your room size and service. If you end up with a big room, be thankful and enjoy your stay!	
Oct 5 2006 	This hotel is a gem!	You can't beat the price of this cute little hotel. Travelers with disabilities may find it hard to navigate the stairs to the upper lobby. The hotel is on the embarcadero, so it is not very convenient to Union Square or Fisherman's Warf (walking). It would take about 15-20 minutes to walk to either location. However, it is convenient to Muni, Bart and the cable cars if you don't want to walk. The hotel is on the outskirts of the financial district and is easily accessible to businesses near the Embarcadero (South of Market). The nightlife around the hotel is lacking, but there are some excellent restaurants nearby including Boulevard (A+). The hotel has some nice touches including flat screen tvs, great room decor, Aveda toiletries and complimentary evening wine. Those who are on a budget won't feel like they are staying at budget hotel!	
Sep 20 2006 	Small rooms at the Harbor COurt	This hotel had the smallest rooms I have ever seen in a hotel. They were way over priced and the staff was rude. It was very hot and there was no AC in the rooms. THe only good thing about this hotel was the location. If I were to come back to this area of the city and would dtay next door at the charming Hotel Griffon.	
Aug 21 2006 	fabulous location	I had a quick 2 day stay in San Francisco before heading out to Napa/Sonoma and was looking for a home base. The Harbor Court fit the bill perfectly. I took the BART from the airport to the close-by Embarcadero station and walked over the few blocks to the hotel. You can easily grab the F-line over to Pier 39 &amp; Fisherman's Wharf or jump on the California cable car line at the foot of Market. There seemed to be all kinds of transportation options close by. If you are looking to get out for a jog, they provide route maps for various distances along the Embardadero. There are great restaurants right on Steuart St. (I ate at Faz and Ozumo) and plenty of food services in the Ferry Building. You can also pick up a great breakfast at the Saturday morning farmers market behind the Ferry Building. I had a room with an amazing view of the Bay Bridge. And even though they are indeed small, the rooms are funky and bright...not your typical, bland, cookie cutter rooms. My only issue is that there is currently some scaffolding on the front of the building so your view is affected slightly. The staff was very friendly and the daily wine reception seemed to be well attended. I'd stay there again in a second.	
Aug 9 2006 	wonderful!	our last night of a 2 week holiday in california was spent here, having spent the 1st 4 nights at the crowne plaza on union square,{also excellent} we wanted to stay in a different area for the last night and were torn between the embarcadero and fishermans wharf - we made the right choice! the hotel is lovely - very different in style to all the others we stayed in and it was beautiful, from the lobby to the corridors to the room - lovely colourful bright decor. we were on the 8th floor in an inside room overlooking the courtyard - not a spectacular view but pleasant enough and nice and quiet. the room itself was smaller than the others we;d stayed in but was big enough for 2 easily and was very comfortable with a lovely little bathroom with very nice - aveda- products. there was a mini bar that we used for our own things - the only thing lacking was a coffee maker - i kept looking for it but it wasn;t there. having said that, there was free tea/coffee/water/juices etc in the lobby in the morning, but, being english, we do lke a cup of tea 1st thing without having to get dressed! the staff were wonderful, the marathon was on on the sunday and the road was closed supposedly until 2.30pm and our flight was at 4.20pm which meant we couldn;t get transport to pick us up - didn;t fancy lugging all our luggage to the bart! however the road re-opened early and the staff arranged for a shuttle to collect us so all was well - actually it was very exciting watching the marathon once we knew we were okay for getting to the airport! the location itself was lovely - just across from the ferry building and very close to the bay bridge, which looked lovely all lit up at night - some of the rooms on the front would have a view of it.we ate at afz 2 doors down at the hotel griffon which was excellent. there is also a free use computer in the lobby which meant i could check in on-line for the flight back - very glad i did when we saw the queues at checkin - this was a real plus as we didn;t expect to be able to do this not having a laptop with us. all in all the harbour court made the last night of a fabulous holiday complete.	
Aug 7 2006	When they say small rooms believe it!	We stayed at two hotels in San Francisco, Hotel Palomar and the Harbor Court. Our stay at the Palomar was fantastic, sorry to say we did not like Harbor Court. Other reviews have stated that Harbor Court has small rooms. What they should have said is tiny. We booked a King Deluxe with view, $242 per night, which I believe is the best room available. We had Room 526, and when the maid was cleaning the room across the hall, that room looked just as small but had a &quot;window unit&quot; air conditioner. Ours at least had central air. True, this is a historic hotel and it is old, but when you have to turn sideways to pass your spouse at the end of the bed, it's too small. And neither of us is a large person. There is nowhere at all to put your suitcase so mine blocked the door and had to be moved to get out. There is a small wardrobe, which also housed the robes, iron, and ironing board, which didn't leave much room for clothes. The reason I chose this hotel is for the view of the Bay View bridge. The windows are old and small, and during our visit there was ugly metal scaffolding over that side of the building. Big disappointment. The bathroom is also very small, and there is only a small shelf to put personal items. The only good thing I can say is that the bed was comfortable and the room was quiet. Thank goodness we only stayed there one night, it was very uncomfortable being crammed into such a small space.What bothered us most about this place was the staff. There were some bright spots, but they weren't as accomodating or professional as the other hotel we stayed at (Hotel Palomar). We heard some people making complaints (room size was one of them) and they really didn't seem to care. Our experience with the concierge and bell desk wasn't good. Since this hotel doesn't have a restaurant for breakfast, we asked for recommendations and was told there was a good one 3-4 blocks away. It was actually 8-9 blocks away, which would have been fine but we had to stop and ask someone else because we thought we had gone the wrong direction. Also, when we got ready to leave it took quite a while to get a taxi; the bellman kept trying to get us to take the towncar to the airport for $45. When a taxi finally came, it was an old guy wearing houseshoes, and we saw him pay the bellman money. So, maybe they only call taxi companies that will pay a tip to the bellman, and that's why it took so long. We had to tell the driver to step on it because he was driving so slowly that everyone was passing us like we were standing still. While we were waiting for the taxi, we heard the same bellman tell other guests that it would take 15-20 minutes to get their car because he had to get us into a taxi; guess he had to wait for his tip. But, if I had paid the high price for valet parking I would have been very upset (and they weren't too happy).Wouldn't stay at this hotel again, we didn't like it at all. We loved San Francisco and will return but not to Harbor Court.	
Jul 17 2006	Harbor Court Hotel Embacadero	Stayed at the Harbor Court this July 2006. We got our rate through bidding service noit sure if I am allowed to post the site but you can search websites that will actually tell you what the actual hotels will be. We paid 96 per night which I thought was a steal. We were very happy with the accomodations. This hotel is defintely very clean, trendy, quiet, room was small ( we did not upgrade to their view rooms, but did not spend too much time in the hotel and anyway SF has so many great views anyway all over the city. A must is a visit up to TWin Peaks on a sunny day....all I can say is wow! I slept so good in the hotel, and liked the fact that I could put on the fan at night, not the ac just for some background noise which I must have to sleep. The Aveda products were a plus and the wine hour is great but make sure you get there at 5 because they will literally take the wine away at 6. The location seemed very safe, 2 minutes from the Ferry building, loads of restaurants in the area, the trams on Market Street will zip you up and all over the city. The bedding was very nice, room was furnished fashionably. All around a great place to stay in and would def recommend it! I am quite picky and getting weirded out staying in hotels, just cant sleep but this place was awesome!	
Jul 13 2006 	Absolutely Fabulous!!	My boyfriend had to take a state exam in SF early on a Saturday morning. I hit Priceline, per usual, for our room. I got this hotel for about 75% off the standard rate published on their website. We didn’t make it up to the City until almost 10 pm on Friday night. Our room was waiting room, no problem. Staff was super friendly and gave us a great tip for a late bite to eat just across the street at the Cosmopolitan. The Japanese place next door was packed and we were very underdressed and tired. The staff’s suggestion was perfect: stylish with a small jazz band and bar with upscale tidbits, but overall very casual. Back at the hotel: the rooms, I read, are on the small side, but ours was fine and wow did it look great; very modern, stylish and comfy. Aveda bath products were provided in the bathroom. Our room didn’t have a view, one of those Priceline drawbacks you learn to accept, but we didn’t miss it. Location was perfect too: three blocks from the BART station; two blocks from the F-line and other MUNI lines too. Hotel is practically across the street from the Ferry Building where there’s a fabulous Farmer’s Market on Saturdays. Though we didn’t use it, there was a courtesy car available if we needed it. A++ in my book.	
May 10 2006	Nearly Perfect	I picked the Harbour Court from TripAdvisor knowing nothing about it, but I used to live in SF, and knew the neighborhoods. I didn't want to be in Union Square or Nob Hill, because there's nothing there but overpriced shopping and tourists. This was a great choice! Pricey, but we got a view room at the last minute, and loved watchhing the ships go by, the bridge, the water. Very romantical. Small room and small windows, but nice decore, stylish lobby, great strolling to the Farmer's Market, the Ferry Building, the Embarcadero, lots of great dining nearby, and even walkable to the ballpark! Valet parking is pricey, and parking in the area is terrible (all meters), but free on Sundays. The Japanese restaurant was too loud and crowdy, but plenty of other good options nearby.	
May 8 2006	Harbor court is awesome!!	We were originally planning on staying in somewhere in Union Square... boy am I glad we didnt!! First of all, the Harbor Court was a great value - paid $85 for a saturday night through Hotwire (3.5* - Boutique, Restaurant). And the location is unbeatable. The Embarcadero is nowhere near as crazy as Union Square and has great freeway access (although they have closed the Embarcadero off-ramp from the Bay Bridge). If you're there for a weekend, dont worry about the parking - there's plenty of safe, nearby street parking available. I parked our junky rental right behind Mercedes SLK on Howard St. - and both were still there in the morning. Instead, we spent the $40 to upgrade to a king room with a view! (note: I called beforehand to upgrade and they quoted $70. so try to hold off until check in if you can... they might be able to hook you up!). Everybody was extremely kind, the decor is classy yet comfortable, and most importantly - the place is clean. As noted, the rooms are a little small, but the bed is extremely comfortable, the bathroom is more than adquate (they give you q-tips!), and the view!!!! All I gotta say is &quot;wow.&quot; Clear view of the bridge and Tresure Island and all the happy people walking along the water - you are really that close!! We woke up Sunday morning and took a leisurely stroll/jog to AT&amp;T Park (the Giants were on the road). The stadium is only about 0.75 mile away... and they actually open a portion of the park to the public for free, so we went up and took a little tour. I'm a Dodger fan, so I was talking some smack, but you cant deny that this ballpark is one of the most beautiful around. On the way back, we stopped by the Ferry Building and the farmers market. The farmers market wasn't so great as there were only like 10 vendors - I later found out that the main farmers market day is Saturday. But the Ferry Building is worth checking out and we picked up some yummy breakfast and ate it outside, watching the sailboats go by.Couldnt make it for the free beer and milk and cookies, but the coffee in the lobby is pretty good! The Embarcadero has everything you need and you get the TRUE SF experience. And if you REALLY need to goto Union Square, its less than a mile away. Definitely stay at the Harbor Court.	
May 7 2006	Great Hotel-Wonderful Location	Stayed here New Year's Eve and rented the penthouse and adjoining double room. Kimpton hotels are usually pretty good but this one was wonderful. Embarcadero location is great, hotel ambience &amp; decor is very nice, rooms &amp; hallways were spotless, service was very good (tough test on NYE weekend) but having the top room and fantastic SF Bay views was the reason we stayed here for NYE. Watching the fireworks on the Bay, felt like we were in the middle of the show and was spectacular. Prices are usually reasonable (for SF). Be warned though, the rooms are small, even the Penthouse was not huge, but all in all, a good hotel &amp; if you get a view room - wonderful.	
Apr 3 2006	Excellent hotel in San Francisco	The Harbor Hotel is a treat! I've stayed in San Francisco several times before, mostly for one-night stays, but this was the best yet. I picked this one based on reviews posted here and was not disappointed.The rooms are rather small, but not as small as I thought they would be. It was a King room, the most affordable in the hotel. The decoration is very fun and elegant, extremely clean. We didn't have a view but it didn't matter to us. It was very quiet, we neither heard traffic nor neighbors. We were also next to the elevator but never heard it either.Everyone on the staff was gracious and welcoming -- from the people at the front desk to the maids. Checking out was a breeze. We got the bill under our door and final check out took less than a minute. The location is great. You're right on the Embarcadero, with restaurants all around, the famous Ferry Building and close to the Baseball park. Things to keep in mind:- Breakfast at the hotel is outrageously expensive. But not to worry. You can find plenty of places to have breakfast or Brunch within walking distance.- Getting to the hotel is tricky. Their street address is &quot;Embarcadero&quot; but that is misleading. The actual entrance is in the back, that is on the street parallel to Embarcadero on a one-way street. Check with the front desk directly for directions, do not rely on the Web site.I would definitely recommend this hotel. In fact, I hope to go back some time soon!	
Jan 24 2006	Great Small Boutique Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Harbor Court for a long weekend in October. It is located in a great spot, close to public transportation and the Ferry Bldg where we went for breakfast every day. The staff was very friendly, and we love the wine tasting each evening AND the milk and cookies served in the lobby each evening at bedtime. The room was small but very clean. The size of the room did not bother us at all because other than sleeping and showering, we were never in our room.	
Jan 21 2006	VIEW ROOM IS A MUST	The view rooms here are amazing. Request a high floor, looking out, all you'll see is water. Gives you that cruise ship effect. Rooms here are small but nice and comfortable. Also like most Kimpton hotels, it hosts a wine hour, in which they serve wine and beer complimentary.	
Dec 14 2005 	This one's worth a visit	I spent only a short time at the Harbour Court Hotel but it was an incredible experience. From the excellent location just minutes from major San Francisco attractions along the Embarcadero and a major BART train station, to the cozy rooms with swank furnishings, there was much to enjoy. The hotel staff was always friendly and the colorful, plush lobby's a gem. At 5 nightly, there's a free wine party and some evenings there's also cookies and milk to greet guests at 9 p.m. Never got the use the YMCA next door, but heard it was a nice one. I went for long walks along the boardwalk instead.You must check out the food shops across the street in the Ferry Building. A food critic told me you can dine there all day and know you're getting some of the best food in the city. I went alone for business but will definitely be back with my husband for fun!	
Dec 8 2005	Great small hotel	Great hotel if the small room size doesn't bother you. Bathrooms aren't fabulous but amenities and linens are great. With the small room size, i think a view matters, so the upgrade was probably worth it. Got a 25% discount with American Express too. Location is great - if staying on the weekend, don't bother with the costly valet parking - street parking is easy on wknds.	
Nov 26 2005	Loved Harbor Court great location!	Wonderful hotel! Loved the location, wine &amp; coffee hour. Small rooms, but really neat. Anyhow you are in San Fran, how much time are you really spending in your room?	
Nov 18 2005	Great hotel for business or alternative to the usual tourist hotels	My 4 night vacation stay at the Harbor Court Hotel was quite good. I booked using Hotwire and as expected I got a very average room with a view looking out to the hotels AC unit. Not a problem for me as I prefer white noise anyway.All the advertised amenities were present, but some things were slightly odd. I knew the room was going to be small ahead of time. However there were 2 support beams (or pillars if you will) that made the wall jut out about 10 inches and was 12 inches wide. This made walking around the bed a toe-stubbing nuisance and the desk chair could not freely pull away from the desk. Tight manuevering to get seated. There was some paint chipping in the closet and doorway. On my second day there was a guy painting the hall outside my room. Luckily the fumes were faint. Also there was a bit of an electrical short in bathroom light switch. Had to flip switch a few times to get it to work properly. LCD TV was mounted above closet(!?), not centered in relation to the bed and/or desk chair. Lobby staff was just average. Any friendliness from them was not genuine.Beyond those minor concerns, the hotel was very nice. This location is fantastic if you want to avoid the Union Square and Fishermans Wharf touristy areas. Some friends that are native San Franciscans commended my choice. Easy access to MUNI bus, rail, and cable car (California St.) as well as BART (Embarcadero station). I was not around enough to partake in the coffee, wine, and cookies very much. The lobby computer with printer is a nice touch for making maps and directions so you can explore SF. My bed was very comfortable! Good sized bathroom. Shower was more than adequate. Housekeeping did a nice job. Expensive minibar but there is a Walgreens and 7-11 a block away for food and supplies. Ice machines on 3 floors. Nice modern AC unit in the room which is kind of rare for boutique hotels in SF. I liked the decor very much.When I return to the Bay Area I will definite shop for a good rate on the Harbor Court Hotel. I recommend it to anyone visiting on business or any tourist that prefers to stay away from busy the Union Sq. or Fishermans Wharf hotels and still enjoy a waterfront location will great transportation options.	
Nov 15 2005	Great place	This is an excellent place to stay (FYI: I rarely opt for anything less than a 4-star). Conveniently located in Embarcadero, only a few minutes taxi or walk from Union Square, Fisherman's Warf, etc. Right across the street from the new Ferry Building that has terrific shops selling gourmet food products. Wine hour is terrific (5-6 pm) and free milk and cookies (9pm) are a nice touch to create a cozy community atmosphere among guests wanting to lounge in between day and evening plans. All in all, you will be pleased. Clean, tasteful decor, and very friendly staff. Note that some of the rooms are fairly small and without views of the street or bay, but those are likely for those of us receiving highly discounted rates (i.e., priceline, etc.). If you're getting a great rate (circa $100 p/night) this shouldn't deter you.	
Nov 7 2005	Simply Outstanding	Quite simply a fantastic hotel. Stayed here on the first two nights of our Honeymoon, and what an incredible place. From the top-notch staff, to a great wine reception in the evening (free), to cookies in the evening.... The views we had of the bay and the Bay bridge were breathtaking. Great, safe location, walking distance to everything. What an incredibly comfy bed too!! I can't say enough... STAY HERE... Unless your just incredibly pretentious the Harbor Court cannot be beat.	
Oct 1 2005 	Very Nice Hotel	I spent the day at the Harbor Court, and it was very nice. The lobby decor is great, the front desk is friendly and accomodating. The rooms are small and look just like the website. The use of the YMCA next door is wonderful. Also the hotel is in walking distance to the Embarcadero shops and restaurants down near Fisherman's Wharf area...The location is not close to downtown so you will need to use public transportation, cab or rental car to get to the key tourist attractions if you are not big on a lot of walking. I walked to the convention center and it was not that bad...but I like to walk...enjoy your stay!	
Sep 11 2005	A Terrific Hotel; No regrets	It is a pleasure to write a review about this hotel. My wife and I stayed there for three nights during the first week of September 2005. We made reservations through Priceline and obtained a room with a queen sized bed for a bargain price of $110.00 per night.Before we checked in, the hotel gave us the opportunity to look at a room with the queensized bed and one with a king sized bed. For an extra $20 per night we opted for the larger bed (and room). It was well worth it. The bed and sheets were excellent.The television is an about a 24&quot; LCD. Though the picture was fine, it was a little too small for the room. The desk staff was very kind and helpful. However, I am giving the hotel only an above average review instead of and excellent review, because of an event at check in.My wife and I arrived several hours before the normal check in time. I was suffering from a splitting migraine headache. The fron desk staff tried to get housekeeping to make up the room to get us checked in. However, it took housekeeping about two and a half hours to complete their assignment.Other than that one expericence, our stay was fabulous. The bell man serves as valet, concierge, and car valet, which is too much for one person. However, both gentlemen were enitrely helpful with directions and suggestions.I forgot to mention that the hotel is centrally located. Fishermen's Wharf is just a short bus/trolley ride away. China town is a 20 minute walk away. You are just a couple of blocks from Market Street.In short, here are my suggestions:1. Get a king sized bed. Splurge a little. The room is larger, and of course, the bed is bigger.2. Don't forget to go downstairs at 5 pm for free beer and wine; or at 9 pm for milk and cookies.Our expericnece, over all, was above average. In my opinion, if all things remain equal, you will enjoy your stay.Regards,Scott	
Sep 5 2005	Fantastic location for first time visitors	We stayed three nights in August and loved this hotel. It was perfectly situated (metro stops, Embarcadero and most importantly, SBC Park for some concerts we saw). The staff were friendly and promptly rectified a billing error with no argument or hassle. Although we were never in when they had the warm cookies and milk, the fact that it was available made it even better. The standard room we had was tastefully decorated and &quot;cozy&quot; but fine for the amount of time we spent there. One note: we had thought the Y was free for guests to use, but in fact there was a $10/day charge. Overall, would stay there again and highly recommend it.	
Aug 23 2005	Elegant Friendly Place	The young and friendly staff of the Harbour Court should give lessons to the staff of other hotels. One genuinely feels welcome and wanted and most of all comfortable immediately upon entering. It's just like everyone says. Fantastic location. Beautiful design. Small but well appointed and luxurious rooms. I especially loved the Aveda bath products and the incredibly soft linens. The view is unparalleled. I went for a self-indulgent weekend for my birthday and left feeling indulged and happy. Thanks Harbor Court!	
Aug 17 2005 	Great find for biz travellers	San Francisco has a bunch of boutique hotels, but the one I like best for business travel is the Harbor Court Hotel on the Embarcadero. Received a warm welcome upon check-in. The room was small, but tidy and elegant, with an LCD TV on the wall, a yoga package, and windows that open. If you're going to stay in the City, might as well have some fresh air. Although I didn't have a Bayview room, the hotel itself looks out on the Bay Bridge, so you can see the gorgeous scenery out front. It's also next door (has its own private entrance) to the state-of-the-art YMCA with huge pool, oodles of machines, and a view to kill for. If you need to get outside, the Embarcadero is right there, you can run and walk to your heart's content. The hotel is surrounded by good food, including the Japanese restaurant, Ozumo. My colleagues had a blast there, they had never tasted food quite like the flavorful dishes we had. There is also a nightly wine and beer reception in the lobby, and on Tuesdays, a sake tasting reception. We found it a great way to meet other travellers and do some networking. Also, the hotel is wireless, so we were able to meet each day in the wonderful arty lobby, where we could hook up to our heart's content.Plus, BART and Muni are right there, we didn't have to rent a car. Perfect location. They also had a towncar on hand for anyone needing that form of transportation. Needless to say, I had a most productive stay, able to accomplish so much with our meeting, that it was a joy. The staff went the extra mile to ensure we had a good business meeting, including giving us a powerstrip and speaker phone, when we had an emergency conference call. Superb.The hotel also accepts dogs, as I was greeted by a jolly bulldog upon arriving. Alas, the dog was not the hotel mascot, but belonged to a guest. It would be smashing to have a doggy mascot, who I could look forward to seeing each time I arrive. This hotel will be a second home for me, and I think it might wind up being something special for others, also.	
Jun 26 2005	Splendid	My girlfriend and I spent a lovely evening at this hotel. Much of the time we were in the hotel, we spent in the lobby, which is well decorated and has a lovely log fire which we both enjoyed immensely.We will be returning.	
Mar 31 2005	Good stay at the Harbor Court San Francisco	Had a very pleasant stay for one night at the Harbor Court. We had a spacious room with a king. We could not get a view room though the staff tried to find us one - they were very helpful. Decor is modern which I liked, nice Aveda toiletries. Yoga channel which, which we watched but of course, did not join in. Location is great - close to the ferry building. A tip - We had dinner at a great restaurant at the Ferry building, California Vietnamese - Slanted Door. There is also a great Mexican restaurant where we had lunch the next day.	
Mar 28 2005	Great hotel near Embarcadero	We just returned from a weekend in San Francisco and stayed at the dog-friendly Harbor Court Hotel. It is about a block away from the Ferry Building and less than a block away from the more expensive Hotel Vitale. The staff were very friendly; guests and hotel staff were so warm with our dog. He loved the attention! The room is small but comfortable. The view was ugly; but we kept the curtains shut. The cool LCD TV was a bit far from the bed. The bathroom was tiny, with only 1 sink and hardly any counterspace but the location and staff made this hotel a great choice. We would definitely visit and recommend this hotel again!	
Mar 23 2005	Loved the Harbor Court	We recently stayed at the Harbor Court overnight, my husband and I, plus our terrier-mix dog, Jake. Since we booked a smoking room (almost unheard of in California) we did not have a view of the bay and the Oakland bridge, but they are just right outside the hotel's back door. I would add that the smoking rooms are kept clean and do not reek.The rooms are superbly decorated, with major remodelling in progress when we visited in late February. This hotel is located right on the waterfront, in the Embarcadero area - a beautiful area. Rooms have many nice amenities, including warm color designs, flat-screen tv's, tiny, but beautifully appointed bathrooms, fluffy bathrobes, nature-sounds provided, beautifully appointed beds, and quiet rooms with windows that open.The staff is superb and efficient - very welcoming. The lobby is beautiful and very inviting, with separate seating areas, soft lighting, bookcases, fireplace...wine served in afternoons, and cookies and milk served in the evenings. Computer access is provided in the lobby as well. The hotel is centrally located to many SF locations, easy to catch a cable car or taxi. The hotel is connected to SF's YMCA, and hotel guests are able to use their extensive facilities, although we have never had the time.	
Mar 21 2005	Awesome	I have heard reviews stating small rooms. I guess I got lucky. I had a corner room (610) and it was good sized with HUGE AND COMFY bed. Flat Panel TV, EVERYTHIGN in the bathroom (all Aveda toiletries). FREE Wi-Fi as well as computer and printer to use in Lobby. Free Beer and wine tasting, GREAT location, free newspapers, awesome staff. I would DEFINITELY stay here again and reccomend it to friends.	
Nov 27 2004	great hotel	Stayed for 5 nights in August, got a great deal through Priceline. THe room was tiny, but that didn't bother me given the wonderful location and the cost during peak travel time (i think it was $95/night).The wine/beer hour was great - nice wines and beers, a real effort in picking good ones. Starbucks coffee in the morning. Nice decor and very clean. Highly recommended. I'll definitely stay there next time in SF.	
Oct 12 2004	Great location but not much else to rave about	Bay view rooms have fabulous views and the location right on the embarcadero is wonderful. Rooms are very small which is fine for a city hotel but I can imagine no view in such a small room would make for a dreary stay.No room service at all except for the local japanese restaurant...that was weird. Service was ok but a bit on the cold side. Carpets and walls need some TLC which makes things look tired and dirty. All in all a mediocre stay.	
Sep 9 2004	Great Hotel for the $	My fiance and I decided on a last minute Labor Day trip to San Francisco and used priceline to get a good deal on hotels. For $75 a night we got this hotel and I was skeptical (first time using priceline). It was a really nice Europen style hotel that was clean and staff very friendly. We upgraded for $25/night to a bay view room and this is totally worth it. We woke up to a beautiful sunrise over the SF bay bridge. Yes the rooms are small but we spent limited time there. The hotel also had complimentary beer/wine 5-6pm and coffee/tea till noon. They also had homemade cookies and milk in the evenings. The location is excellent if you do not have a car. We were 2 blocks from BART to get back and forth to airport ($5/person), 2 blocks from F-train to the Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf and 2 blocks to the cable cars to China Town so we could take public transportation everywhere and cab at night when we were tired. The cab fare there is pretty expensive and all car travel is slow at peak times. Overall, I was very pleased with this hotel for the price.	
Aug 23 2004	Great view small room	I just returned from a weekend stay at the Harbor Court and could go on and on about the location and view! The room was very small with 2 single beds (!) but the view of the Bay Bridge and Treasure Island was excellent. We walked to SBC Park for a Giants game-20 min. leisurely walk, and visited the Ferry Bldg for Farmer's market and clam chowder at the seafood restaurant there with a beautiful view of the bay bridge and wonderful man playing the clarinet outside. I highly recommend the Harbor Court Hotel unless you have several people to fit in a room. The wine/beer hour and cookies and milk in the evening was a very nice touch.	
Aug 17 2004	Good place to stay	This is a good place to stay at the beginning a trip to San Francisco as it is quiet enough to catch up on sleep and gives you a good opportunity to get your bearings. Our room, although not massive, was in very good condition and was kept spotless. It was good value for money and we would certainly recommend it.	
Aug 16 2004	hotel is OK some rooms are horror!!!	Stayed in the Habor Court for 4 nights. Posititiv is the location of the hotel, gratis internet access in the lobby, gratis!!! wine/beer taste hours and clean rooms. Negativ,I booked via hotwire against a rate of USD80, we stayed the first three nigts in a extremely small &quot;room&quot; which is unacceptabel for everybody(especially with 2 persons, it is about 6sqm..no joke!!!!) and a shame that they putting people in such a dog corner( a real horror). We complaind and after 3 nights we're moved to another room which was small but ay least you could call it a room, means watch out for rooms ending on 01 like 501, 401 etc. Conclusion: hotel is good, but with offering some unacceptabel rooms we would never stay in this hotel again, risk would be to high to get again such &quot;room&quot;, sorry!!	
Jul 28 2004	view is great staff are wonderful	Spent 9 nights. The staff are so friendly. Starting the first day, the staff at the front desk greeted me by name. There is complimentary coffee and tea in the morning, a wine tasting between 5-6 pm, and cookies and milk later in the evening.All of the staff are great, the front desk, the housekeepers, etc. The rooms are very small, bordering on tiny, but nicely decorated. I went through Priceline, so my initial room didn't have a view. For an additional cost, I was able to upgrade to a room with a view of the Bay Bridge. It was well worth it. I would definitely go back to this hotel.	
May 10 2004	from NY	got a room there via priceline for 70/nt. Got a small room but good enough for the price. Room was very nicely set up. No noise at all. Great location. almost right under the bay bridge. Very friendly staff. took care of all my needs and properly instructed on what to do and where to go. priceline customers gotta pay 10bucks extra per day to use YMCA but I just did push ups in the room. wine houre every eve. was great.	
Apr 27 2004	Good hotel good location.	I stayed here at the end of March for the weekend. I got a great rate of $60/night on Priceline. For the price it was excellent. The location was perfect for me. It’s only a few blocks from Bart so I took Bart to the hotel from the airport. It’s right next to the gorgeous Ferry Building that has an awesome farmer’s market on weekends. Don’t miss it. It is walking distance to Union Square and I even walked to Fisherman’s Warf and the Haight from there (well I like walking).The room was pretty small, but it was fine for one person. Two people with two large suit cases would have been a little cramped. I didn’t have much of a view because I had a cheap Priceline room, but I didn’t care because I was gone all day long. The bed was comfy and the bathroom was nice. Had to wait almost 2 hours for my room to be ready but I came early and it was ready by their official check-in time. However, they didn’t seem to do much to hurry and get it made up for me since I was waiting. This was a little annoying but , oh well. I asked the front desk people if I had the smallest room and they said no, they had smaller ones. Room was relatively clean and when I asked for more towels, service was prompt. Didn’t use the YMCA, but heard it was really nice.Overall, a nice hotel with small rooms. I would stay there again especially at $60/night!	
Apr 23 2004	Harbor Court is Great!	This is a great hotel. The staff is very helpful, the lobby is unique, the room was very quiet and comfortable, it is pet friendly, the wine-tasting is a nice touch. It is convenient to cable cars, buses, and the BART. We had a great week here.	
Mar 31 2004	Loved the Harbor Court	Stayed here Sept 2003 for a long weekend. Got great rate thru Priceline. Lobby was very nice. Lobby &amp; room looked like it was taken from an episode of Trading Spaces. Enjoyed wine hour, which actually turned into wine hours since we asked the staff what they were going to do with the opened wine. they said we could have it, otherwise they were going to dump it. Great location. Walking distance to many great restaurants. Easy walk to the Gordon Bierch brewery.	
Nov 18 2003	Nice hotel good value	I stayed at the Harbor Court for two nights last month and it was very comfortable. The lobby is nicely decorated and the staff could not be more helpful from the moment you walk in the door. Other reviewers have noted, and it's true, that the rooms are on the small side. However, there is plenty of room for one or two people and, if you are lucky enough to have a Bay view room, the views are spectacular. The Harbor Court is a good value compared to many other hotels in San Francisco and does offer free wine/beer tastings in the lobby every evening. It's not the most luxurious hotel in SF, but for what I paid I would stay there again.	
Oct 29 2003	perfect place for us!	The Harbor Court staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were gorgeous and our view of the bay, terrific. I would recommend the Harbor Court to any one who is going to San Francisco and wants to be treated like royalty	
Oct 28 2003	Lovin the Harbor Court Hotel		
Oct 28 2003	Best Place in SF		
Oct 28 2003	Great experience at the Harbor Court		
Oct 28 2003	Fantastic Waterfront Views and High Style in SF		
Oct 13 2003	Squished in San Francisco		
Aug 24 2003	Dont forget to add $32 to park $28 room tax etc.		
Aug 13 2003	Small but sweet		
Mar 29 2003	We had a wonderful honeymoon!		
Feb 19 2003	Good for Two		
Feb 8 2003	Excellent Value		
Sep 10 2009 	Genial		
