Oct 5 2009 	Great place to stay	I had stayed here on several occasions while on active duty. I was in town for a professional meeting but decided to take some extra days and bring my wife who had never actually seen the sights of San Francisco, only the airport. The hotel is near Union Square and convenient to Chinatown and the business district. The rooms are large and comfortable but do show a little age around the margins. Still a great bargain for the price. The staff is helpful and attentive. Breakfast buffet was included in the room price and extensive. We ate in the 12th floor restaurant one night. The menu is that of a relatively expensive steakhouse such as Ruth Chris's. The portions were large and delicious. Next time we return to SFO , we'll stay here again.	
Sep 28 2009 	Don't skip this one!	The MMC was a great place to stay on our recent business and leisure travel to San Francisco. It's an easy short walk to Union Square, and the Powell Street cable cars. The hotel is an older building, but nicely appointed and comfortable. The bed was very comfortable. The 12th floor breakfast (included) was on the caliber of a $25-30 buffet every morning per person! It had a beautiful presentation including breakfast meats, fruit, egg dishes, pastries, hot breakfast entrees, as well as all the usual continental fare. The service and quality were like an impeccable club. Dinner recommendations were great from the doorman. It felt like a very luxury experience for a VERY reasonable price by downtown San Francisco standards. Don't pass this one by! The Marine Memorial displays are tasteful and very interesting, but not overpowering--worth the history while staying in a great place.	
Sep 18 2009 	Awesome deal!	My husband and I stayed at the Marines Memorial Hotel for the first time over Labor Day weekend. The location of the hotel was fantastic (close to shopping, walking distance to Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf, FInancial District, etc.). The rooms were clean, but a little bit dated. Complimentary breakfast was offered every day, along with FREE happy hour between 4-6pm! For $80/night, what's not to love??	
Aug 31 2009 	Absolutely the best value in San Francisco for military personnel or retirees	The Marine Memorial Club and Hotel is the best value for military and retirees in San Francisco. The rooms are clean and have all the amenities one would expect in a very good hotel. While the room rate is a bargain and likely far cheaper than any comparable hotel in the city, the complementary reception at night and breakfast make this a true bargain. The Leatherneck Steakhouse on the top floor is not to be missed. The hotel is located near most of the major sights in San Francisco and has a convenient parking garage near the hotel. A nice benefit to those who serve or have served!	
Aug 15 2009 	Amazing	This hotel is amazing. The staff, the location, the rooms. Perfect. Free Breakfast, and I mean a real breakfast. Free Happy Hour every night. And walking distance within everything. You would be a fool to stay any where else. This place could charge ten times what they are and people would stay here. Semper Fi!	
Jul 29 2009 	A Salute to the value and service an Francisco	Marines Memorial Club is one terrific place to stay.What a VALUE !!Years ago came here and have observed some remarkable changes and improvements. Most noticeable - is the staff – each and every hotel staffer treats the guests like “guests”. Refreshing concept in America today.At each job bellman to waiter they are professional. It is always a pleasure to witness professionalism regardless of their job – they are professional.The amenities and no nonsense charges are gratifying. Free laundry, internet, full buffet breakfast, and free happy hour cocktails, as well as no charges for local &amp; 800 calls, comp newspapers et cetera make this on high value stay.Firm mattresses, strong warm showers, good towels, cable TV and basics which all WORK – OOO RRAH - better than the last Ritz Carlton, where I stayed overseas.Plus it is an honor to stay at a locale so rich in U S Marine history. A tour of the club ’s history and displays is a MUST. A moment in which to be proud – Semper Fidelis.Well Done to the Marine Memorial Club’s Management Team !!Keep up the good work from a convert.Aloha nui loa, Marine Veteran from Hawaii	
Jul 26 2009 	A Hidden Gem in Union Square	What a great hotel, especially for the price of the room and parking in SF! Great location, EXCELLENT customer service- throughout the hotel, good food, comp breakfast and happy hour. The room we stayed in was a typical size SF hotel room and more importantly it was clean. The only complaint I have is that our room seemed to back up to the laundry room and the washer or dryer was going on kind of late one night. I will definitely stay here again!	
Jun 20 2009 	A wonderful safe courtious hotel in a great location!	My husband and I come to Marine's Memorial every year for our anniversary in June. It is so clean and so convienent with a variety of restaruants, venues, and a short cab ride to Peir 39, Fisherman's Wharf, etc. We have a wonderful dinner at the House of Prime Rib, which is walking distance to the hotel. The hotel overall is just fabulous. There is Happy Hour, a wonderful breakfast with an awesome view of San Francisco too. The staff is very respectful. They are almost invisible unless you are in need of anything. Each room has a little library of books, in which you are allowed to take, read and return at a later date, which I thought was such a great, trustworthy, idea. No matter the time of year, I suggest making reservations earlier than you think. No matter what the critic's say, this is a 5 Star hotel! Great Service! Great Location! Great Food! Great Everything!! Enjoy!	
May 7 2009 	Best price in San Francisco for Military	We booked this hotel from the recommendation of the military MWR. My husband is Army. It is a very classic and classy hotel in what I believe is the best area of San Francisco. They had us in a double bed room and when we checked in we asked to be in a queen. This room was tiny. Hardly room to move around. We asked to move to a King room that was huge compared to the other. The street noise is extremely loud even with the windows closed on the 9th floor. Our second room was facing an inner brick wall but was very quiet. Lots of great amenities like a free cocktail happy hour on the 12th floor every night, a huge breakfast, wireless internet and an office with 4 computers. There is also a full service gym on the bottom level. If you are military you are crazy not to stay here for the price. WAY under $100 per night. Just a block or so from Union Square and 1 block from the cable cars (which I don't recommend to use as your regular transportation in the city, they are a pain in the rear). Parking is only $22.00 per day compared $49.00 that we else where. We will definitely stay here again when in San Francisco.	
Apr 30 2009 	Got married here	My husband and I got married here and the service could not be better. We are both Active Duty military and members of the club. The rates for AD military are phenomenal! Not even the crappiest, cheapest motel in downtown SF can beat it. The American breakfast and happy hour drinks which come with the stay are an added bonus. The rooms are a but small and street noise can be heard, but you would get that with ANY hotel downtown, it's a bustling city. The ambiance of the hotel has a quaint 40s feel. The hotel does a great job of paying tribute to military heritage when most of it is lost in a liberal city like SF. The staff and caterers for our wedding were very helpful. They set up a great room block with reasonable rates for the non-military guests. I think everyone enjoyed their stay. The only complaint I would have is that the parking garage is pretty expensive. (What garage isn't in SF?)	
Mar 16 2009 	Best Location Best Service. Love this Place!	We've stayed at this hotel several times now and I love it!! The location is excellent, approximately 3 blocks from Union Square and cable cars and easy drive to Golden Gate Bridge/Sausalito. Restaurant/Lounge is on the 12th floor and has a beautiful view of the city. They offer full size 'to-go' cups for coffee in the morning if in a rush and service is wonderful as is breakfast assortment. The concierge and front desk are incredibly knowledgable about the city and how to get from point to point the easiest way possible. To your right of the hotel is an exquisite little italian restaurant with the most amazing food and on the left are several little markets/delis for quick and easy snacks to take up to your room or a day on the town. There are other and fancier hotels, but I would never stay anywhere else if this hotel has a room!Five stars in every way!!	
Dec 31 2008 	Amazing service for vets and active-duty alike	Booked this hotel on the spur of the moment on Christmas night, based off recommendations online and from friends that had stayed here. Was amazed at the quality of the location and services offered for the price. Members (yes, you must become a member in order to get the choice prices) receive a huge discount on stays at this location and numerous exchange locations, but the good thing is that active-duty military get free membership on-site. Not a bad deal. Our pet was welcome to stay with us (small extra fee--$12) and we received free cocktails during happy hour and a full breakfast the following morning. The bed was comfortable, the room was spotless, and the staff was most helpful. It is located near Central Square and within walking distance of China Town (two must-sees in San Francisco). Weekday rates are slightly lower than weekend rates, but both are extremely reasonable for the location. Overall, a great experience.	
Dec 17 2008 	Great value coupled with the Marine Corps experience	I have been a member of MMC for about 15 years and have stayed there nearly every time I have been in SF. The club continues to improve, particularly under the newer GM, MajGen Myatt, USMC Retired. The rooms have all been renovated as has the bar and restaurant on the top floor. I have also used their reciprocal clubs in Boston (Union Club) and Washington DC (Army Navy Club). The rooms are very nice, the breakfast buffet plentiful and the pours at happy hour generous. The staff is gracious, some having been there for 25 years. The hotel is in the heart of downtown, a short walk from the Bart and cable cars. The prices are a bargain for downtown SF if you are a member.	
Oct 19 2008 	If you're in the military stay here!	Whenever I'm in San Francisco, this is the ONLY place I'll stay! It's central, it's fantastic value, and it's exclusively for the military!The rooms are just fantastic, given the cost of them! Spacious, with great bathrooms and comfortable beds! You don't always get a great view, but there's something wrong with you if you don't head into this vibrant city the second you arrive!As far as food goes, I've only ever had breakfast here, but that is always to the highest standard, and there's loads of it! The view from the breakfast room is wonderful, as it's a 'downtown' hotel, and who can argue with the free bar at happy hour?! A must for the discerning British traveller...Overall, this is one of my top-rated hotels, and I thoroughly recommend it if you're eligible to stay here!	
Jul 11 2008	Best Location in San Francisco	This hotel has the best location for a visit to SF. It is just a couple blocks from Union Square. Tons of great restaurants, both high end and cheap. The restaurant next door is great. Lots of nightlife, nightclubs, bars, shows. China Town is a few blocks away. You can walk to almost everything. If you are willing to take the bus, which I recommend fun people watching and very affordable, you can catch a bus to almost anywhere you want to go to in SF from this area as well. I can't say enough about the location. As far as the hotel goes, it is a GREAT deal if you are a member. If you are not a member than the price is still not bad. The rooms are basic, but comfortable. The beds and bedding above average. The bathrooms are small, but the closets are very big, walk in closets with a mini fridge and coffee maker. Everything is very practical-military. There is even a clothse line in the shower. The staff is wonderful and very helpful. The best part about the hotel is the top floor restaurant and bar. Great views of the city. The breakfast, included, is good. In the evening there is a happy hour, also included. If we weren't up to hanging out for happy hour we would grab some beers and put them in our mini fridge for later. If possible stay on a higher floor, because you are in the middle of the city, so there is street noise. I just brought earplugs and had no problems. Even if you are not a member, you can really save $$ by staying at this hotel with all the extras included. Remember this is not a fancy place, but very comfortable and convienent.	
Jul 1 2008	Awesome Hotel in San Francisco	I am proud to be a member of the Marine's Memorial Club, and always stay at this hotel when in San Francisco. On this trip, my wife and I were returning from a week in wine country, and rested in the San Francisco city center before returning back to Cincinnati.Besides being a wonderful living tribute to the Marines, the hotel is very accommodating to members and members of reciprical clubs, in addition to active members of the military.The Leatherneck Steak house serves wonderful steaks, and has a great open bar between 4-6 PM. It reminded me of many Officers Clubs that I have frequented over a long military career.I hope that you have the chance to stay here. Great internet connections and complimentary breakfast included.Semper Fi!	
Jun 19 2008 	Excellent value great location	The Marine's Memorial hotel is centrally located in downtown San Francisco, within walking distance of Chinatown, the Moscone convention center, cable car stops and many excellent restaurants and designer stores. The hotel itself has clean rooms with comfortable beds with nice conforter and soft pillows. The rooms are good size, but the bathrooms are small and towels are not very good quality. My room had no tub, just a shower which was fine for me. There is free internet access in every room, but for some reason I could never get my connection to work. There is complementary hot breakfast every morning and free cocktails from 4-6 pm every day at the hotel restaurant on the top floor. There is also a business center on the 4th floor with 4 PCs and a network printer which is very convenient. Another excellent amenity is free access to One Club (gym) in the basement. The full service fitness center has an indoor lap pool. The hotel overall has a dated feel to it, but it's central location, excellent amenites and friendly staff override any other negative aspect. I would definitly stay at the Marine Memorial's hotel on my next visit to San Francisco.	
Feb 27 2008	Love this place!	This was my first stay in the Marines’ Memorial Club &amp; Hotel since their recent room renovations. I stayed one night in February in a king room on a corner of the 9th floor. The view was lovely. The decor is light and pleasing, simple but pretty. The room was impeccably clean and had all of the amenities — shampoo etc. right in dispensers on the shower wall, 2 free 1/2 liter bottles of water, bathrobes, iron and ironing board, safe, etc. etc. My favorite thing about staying there, though, was how quiet the room was. This is worth its weight in gold in a downtown hotel. I think they must have new beds, too; my bed was very comfortable and I slept much better than I usually do away from home.This place is an amazing value for club members and non-members alike. The building is gorgeous, with amazing period ornamentation and painted ceilings in the public areas (lobby, etc.). The location a block from Union Square can’t be beat. Parking is right up the street; you get a voucher that lets you take your car out and in again if you want. There are lots of Union Square hotels, but because this is part of a private club, when you walk through the doors, you’re greeted like an old friend and you get the feeling the staff would do anything to make your stay memorable. What a difference that makes when any overnight stay in the City is a splurge, as it is for me.We unfortunately arrived after the hosted happy hour (included with the overnight stay) was over, but had a great meal in the steakhouse on the top floor. The breakfast buffet (also included) has EVERYTHING (eggs, bacon, potatoes, oatmeal, pancakes, cereal, yogurt, fruit, etc. etc.) and serves up a terrific view in the bargain. Good thing I got a workout in before tucking into that meal. A pass for Club One, downstairs, is also included.This is more than a hotel. They call it a “living memorial” and there’s a memorial wall on the 10th floor, historical displays in the lobby and the guest room floors, and a library/museum, all worth visiting.	
Nov 10 2007 	Spacious Rooms in Union Square!	My wife and I got married in the Crystal Ballroom and had one of the suites for the night. It was very spacious with a separate living room! The rooms are a little bit old fashion but its still a good bargain for SF. The windows open which is unusual for an SF hotel, but there is no air conditioning so the rooms get a little musty unless you crack the window. Try and get a room on a high floor so you don't hear the traffic. They have a decent buffet breakfast on the top floor. I would imagine one would be touring the city, so its a great value and close to downtown!	
Oct 28 2007	City Noise!	Clean, dark, spacious room at a very reasonable price in Union Square. Beautiful view from dining room at pleasant breakfast.  BUT WE ARE GROUCHY at breakfast, because, poor sound insulation deprived us of sleep. There isn’t air conditioning. No need to close windows to exclude street noise and prevent cool air from refreshing the room. Sounds are the same…with windows open or closed; LOUD and BOISTEROUS.	
May 23 2007 	Location/Parking Best Part	Location is the best part of this hotel, close to Union Square, shopping and theaters. Also, great parking rates in comparison to other 3 star hotels. Rooms are basic, clean but nothing special. Rooms facing courtyard and other buildings are rather dark. Upstairs restaurant and bar are nice with a piano player. Breakfast when we stayed was a basic buffet (some fruit, some scrambled eggs, etc., nothing cooked to order). The staff were very nice. The entrance/lobby has some very interesting historic memorabilia. Basically, would rate this as a 2.5 to 3 star, with a small bathroom, clean bed, pleasant staff and great location. MIght stay here again, but only for one night.	
Mar 26 2007 	Excellent value and great service	My husband attended a meeting last week at the Marine Hotel, and I tagged along. The Marine Hotel is an unsung gem. For the meeting rate of $150 a night, we both got full American breakfast, a two hour cocktail reception in the afternoon, and use of Club One Fitness, a full-service gym on the ground level of the hotel. The room was quite nice. Service was great - very friendly, and after a couple days we felt like family. As long as one doesn't have a problem with the fairly heavy military influence, it's a lovely place to stay and a tremendous value.	
Dec 1 2006 	Great Value in the Centre of San Francisco	This is an unusual hotel in so far as it is actually a private club open to the public. The clientele are generally retired Mraines and their families, and the ambience is military and perhaps a touch sombre.That said, the suite we occupied for 3 nights was clean, well laid out and comprehensively equipped. The decor was rather heavy on the browns and yellows and the bedrooms and public rooms could do with a makeover. But everything worked just fine.Breakfast was comprehensive and excellent value, there is a free Happy Hour in the bar in the early evening, and dinner and snacks were pleasant.The staff were without exception all friendly and helpful. The location is excellent : right by Union Square, with valet parking just up the street at a special rate. All-in-all the place is recommended for those who don't m nd a rather &quot;dated&quot; look to their hotel as a trade off for good value at a good location.	
Sep 26 2006	Home away from Home	We attended an Marine reunion and stayed at the Marine Memorial Club for five nights. We were very pleased with the hotel employees especially the front desk personnel and the concierge staff. We enjoyed the buffet breakfasts and the evening happy hours. The room on the eleven floor where we held our banquet was beautiful and the meal was outstanding. We found the atmosphere to be in the marine tradition and would recommend this hotel to veterans when visiting San Francisco.	
Aug 23 2006 	We always choose the Marines	Our family has been using the Marines Memorial for about 15 years now and it just keeps improving. The rooms have been upgraded, the public spaces well maintained and the restaurant food is tastier. Our main reasons for staying loyal to this hotel are the great value and the wonderful staff. There is not much staff turnover so we get to see the same wonderful people each time we go there.	
Aug 18 2006 	SF = Semper Fi	I stayed here on a business trip to San Francisco in January 2006. The price is much lower than similar name chain hotels. I am retired military, so they gave me a very nice, recently renovated room. I think some rooms are not as nice.I had a great time. They have a nice library, a free breakfast and happy hour. The staff was very helpful. The health club is run by a fitness company and has state of the art equipment and facilities. I recommend it highly.	
Aug 17 2006 	Great stay--great value--for military families	What an amazing value for military families! the active duty room rate is RIDICULOUSLY low (you must call directly to book this rate), especially considering the prices of nearby hotels. A hot, delicious breakfast was included, as well as happy hour where the staff spoiled us with G&amp;T's and our kids with Shirley Temples. It is convenient to mass transport (we took buses and cable car--get the 3 day pass for $18.00/free for kids), some quick, kid friendly eats (try Jasmine's for burgers and Tagine for Moroccan) and includes in-room internet. The on-site memorabilia, library, and salute to Marines lost in the War on Terror are also a good way to spend a quiet morning. best of all was the new friends we made from every service, era and generation. Thank you MM staff and volunteers for all you do for those who serve!	
Aug 1 2006 	Elegant huge suite with sky-high ceilings....wow!	Although $380 a night sounds outrageous, Suite #304 was the biggest hotel suite I've seen in my life. A small foyer led to a spacious living room, large bathroom (with separate vanity area), and a separate bedroom with door. The ceilings were incredibly high and the room reminded me of old San Francisco at its best. The Marines Memorial Club is very conveniently located in downtown S.F. The garage is a few doors down in the Olympic Garage but they do offer in and out privileges, which is useful.There was a hot breakfast buffet as well as a free two hour cocktail reception, and free newspaper daily.Although I'd safely say the room was overpriced, and would have been more accurately priced at around $250, I have no complaints, and it was convenient as we were attending a family wedding reception in the ballroom.It is a beautiful property!	
Oct 6 2005 	Not your typical hotel	The wartime memoriabilia, the grand ornate decor, and the built-in theatre, all add up to be a bit of a strange hotel to stay at. If you are not a veteran, and you don't like dark oppressive furnishings, this is probably not the place for you.The restaurant on the 12th floor, however, is a refreshing break from the rest of the hotel. It has lots of windows and affords a panoramic view of the city.The room I stayed in was small, smelled of something old, and was dark. The only window in the room faced the wall of another building. Still I paid $175/night although it does come with complimentary breakfast and late afternoon cocktails.	
Sep 27 2005	Great Place to stay!	The only problem we had was we had reserved a room with 2 double beds and when we checked in were given a queen bed (even though we were early). Eventually we were put into a king size bed and the room was very nice. The staff was very nice and helpful. The room was very clean and well maintained. The complimentary breakfast was also superb even with excellent fresh fruit! At a rate of $89 a night for members (I guess the rate went up), I would definitely recommend the place and would surely stay there again!	
Jul 27 2005	Seen better days	Our family's trip to San Francisco included a 3 night stay at the Marines' Memorial Club on Sutter Street in downtown San Francisco. The location was fantastic with accessibility to public transportation and within walking distance to much of this beautiful city. The hotel however has seen better days. Small rooms being irrelevant (most are small in this area), the main problem throughout the hotel was a housekeeping issue. No attempt had been made in months to wipe baseboards or clean corners. Our bathroom sink was never wiped up the whole time we were there except by us. Trash was piled up and cobwebs were present everywhere around the hotel. This was sad as it was a nice older hotel which just needed a good housekeeper. Hopefully someone soon will notice and give it a little TLC. I will say that the complimentary breakfast was quite nice with a large variety of choices.	
Apr 10 2005	Must Stay for Vets of all Services	This hotel is on the corner of Sutter and Mason--just 1 block from Union Square. It is located perfectly for walking to Union Square, North Beach and China Town. Plus a cable car stop is on the corner of the hotel. The hotel is open to the public, but it to members of the Marines. Anyone who has served in any branch of the military is able to become a member. This is a big deal since non-members pay up to $189 a night and members pay $69/night. This is a medium size hotel with a modern fitness center and pool in the basement. The 12th floor restaurant serves compimentary hot breakfast (made to order omlets on the weekends). From 4 pm to 6 pm the 12 floor bar serves complimentary drinks. My 4 night stay was perfect. The room/professional staff were excellent.	
