Nov 1 2009 	Stay Away!	This hotel is HORRIBLE! I can deal with old but, it was dirty, the lights in the room flickered, it was dusty, the carpets were literally worn out with visible &quot;waves and folds&quot; in them. It didn't appear to be secure at all, the room key was an actual key. The hangers in the room looked as though they picked up a bunch from a .99 store; they were all different colors. The &quot;front desk&quot; was approximately 10 square feet with the clerk in a wrinkled white colored shirt watching videos on his computer screen. We checked in and checked out approximately 15 minutes later. Save your money, go elsehwhere. I recommend Best Western Tuscan Inn near the Wharf!	
Oct 20 2009 	Great location hotel needs some serious lovin'	I must have booked this hotel instead of the one I read the review on. I thought it was rated 29 in San Francisco. Shame on me, as I was shocked when I checked in. This was the only hotel on our trip that surprised me so much.The sheets and towels appeared clean, but the hotel and especially the rooms are very poor and need urgent refurbishment. I felt the need to shower with thongs on. The rooms were clean enough, but so old and worn that it felt dirty.Where do I start? The bed was hard, the noise after 9pm was ridiculous (we heard every word uttered in the street, even from the nightclub on the corner), the basin was in the bedroom and not the bathroom (and on carpet), the carpet was older than me, the internet is $5 a day (but when you pay, by cash, it is hand written on paper, and obviously never changes), the key to the room is an actual key...Look, it's a ok hotel, but they need to update it to make it nicer, and more professionalism would help too. You just feel as though they don't want to be there. It needs some serious money to fix it up, and I wouldn't recommend it in its current state.	
Sep 18 2009 	Cheap Hotel In the Best Place in town	Great Price, just in the center close to Chinatown, Union Square, Civic Center and Finnancial District. Good for young people that doesn't care about the quality of the room, but just want a cheap and goodly located place. The area it's not the nicest in town, close to Civic Center lots of homeless, but they're not dangerous, but it can be shocking for some people. Lots of shops and cafes around, close to market street.The rooms are ok. Our stay was during more than a week in three different rooms. I can say bathrooms where tiny, really tiny and shower don't use to have a good pressure... but if you don't care about it... the rest it's ok. TV, Ironning, and basic things you may need. The area it's pretty noisy, and if you get one of the rooms in the inner patio you'll suffer the litter truck at night. Affordable and centric.	
Sep 13 2009 	Good location - but not much else going for it...	The Union Square Plaza Hotel is in a good location close to Union Square and shopping centres. However, we were extremely disappointed with everything else about the hotel and would not recommend people to stay at this hotel for the following reasons:- The whole hotel is very old and in desperate need of refurbishment (carpets are worn out, radiators are falling apart, sheets and towels are so old)- The rooms are very basic and look very old. - There is a strange smell in the hotel and lift- No toiletries in room- Bath old and chipped- Sheets and towels were extremely thin and old and appeared marked and dirtyThis hotel did not seem worth the money and we would not stay there again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Bed Bugs!!! If you stay bring repellant and an armored suit! You've been warned.	Heard the warnings online from Tripadvisor, didn't heed them very closely. The staff was curt and poorly trained with ZERO hospitality. The first night went fine but I was ravaged the second night with literally 45-50 bites all over my body. Upon check-out the clerk (&quot;Sid&quot;) pretty much stared at me in when I showed him the bites on my arms and torso. He shrugged his shoulders and said: &quot;We stay on top of that pretty well&quot;, and that was it. SF Health Department has protocol that hotels are supposed to follow upon reporting and its pretty clear these guys are rampant violators of this health code.	
Aug 6 2009 	Good and safe place to stay few days	If you like to enjoy San Francisco night life, or theaters, museums and to feel safe, even to return in the mid of the night to the hotel,I do recommend this place.It is clean, rooms are sympa, the location is excellent.Breakfast simple, but you have plenty nice restaurants arround and all is so easy to reach from the hotel by walking...China town, san Francisco's Marina bay, shopping center....I would book it again.	
Jul 25 2009 	Not so good...	I just Stayed at the Union Square Plaza Hotel last week. It's location is terrific, right iun the heart of SF. On the other hand, the bad news is the blonde-bearded guy at the front desk. He was very rude once I came into the hotel. He has such a bad attitude and every single day my friends and I would say &quot;Hi&quot;. He just wouldn't answer. Thank God the rest of the crew saved the vacation. And for last, for such a low price we wasn't expecting Luxury. The other reviews are right, it is very old. At least it was clean.	
Jul 22 2009 	The only good thing about this hotel: its location	When I first arrived at the Union Square Plaza I was thrilled by how conveniently it is located. This enthusiasm quickly faded when I saw the hallway and, more importantly, my room. The furniture (and I guess the bed sheets) have not been changed since the 40ies and it is pretty hard to have a shower without actually touching anything. The hotel staff was rude and not very helpful and to top it all off they messed up my order for an airport cab at the end of my stay, so that I had to pay for another one while they kept my down payment for the order they had misplaced.	
Jul 7 2009 	Bedbugs!	We stayed two nights here over the 4th of July weekend -- on the 5th floor. As others have mentioned, the hotel is very bare bones and not the cleanest place ever, but it's an unheard-of rate for a major city. We saw a roach or two, and there's definitely some dirt around the windows, in the corners, etc.We were OK with that, for the price -- however, after the second night of our two-night stay, my husband developed itchy welts all over his arms, and he sleeps with his arms wrapped around his pillow. I didn't get any welts, it should be said, but we didn't really go anywhere else where he'd be affected by bugs or allergies or whatever, so we think there were bedbugs at the hotel. I know this is a problem sweeping most major cities in the US right now, and that cleanliness per se has very little to do with infestations, but just so you know... I would not recommend this place because of the possibility (however small) of carrying bedbugs home.	
Apr 21 2009 	Affordable quality accomodation in the business district of San Francisco	If you are visiting San Francisco and are searching for the cheapest quality accomodation near the Financial District &amp; Union Square, this hotel is the best choice.Located within walking distance of Union Square tourist hub, Powell Street BART (Underground train network connected to Airport), this hotel offers you decent accomodation at unbelievable prices (starting US $ 49 + taxes).Although the hotel does not have any in-house restaurant, it is surrounded by a number of restaurants, pizza outlets, coffee shops. For south asian people, a cluster of affordable Indian-Pakistani restaurants are in the nearby Jones Stree at a walking distance. You can get a full meal (thali) at US$ 6.99.It is well connected by city municipal transport services (MUNI) including buses (route no. 38/38L), trams. Local sightseeing buses are available at at Union Square. Financial district is just a kilometer away. You can reach the hotel from airport using BART via POWELL BART station in US $ 5.65. Shared taxis can also be taken if you have lot of luggage for $ 15-18 per person.Rooms appear to be recently renovated and offer all facilities including TV, private bath with bathtub, hair-drier etc.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great location and price	I've been staying 4 nights in this hotel in February. We were three friends in a double bed room for approximately 80 US$ per night (to be divided by 3 in our case). The hotel is quite old but it's clean and the room is spacious. It's easily located one block and a half away from Union Square from which all convenient public transportation lines can be caught. Staff was nice and gives useful information if requested.	
Jan 3 2009 	Fine close to attractions but needs some TLC	We stayed at this hotel for one night. My friend and i were headed to a conference and we decided to get there a day early so we wanted central accommodations. This place was good for $59.00. It is about 2-3 blocks from Union square to the east of Union Square. There is a Starbucks two doors down to the left and a Jack in the Box two doors to the right, a theater in front of the hotel and some great Chinese restaurants next door, along wth Colibrí Restaurant also next door, but it seemed a bit to pricey for Mexican food.The hotel is tiny, but everything works well. We checked in quickly and they were nice. When we got off of the elevator, there was a smell of the Chinese place next door, but our room didn't smell. The bathroom had a faint smell of having been cleaned with a dirty washcloth (that was the best description we could find for the smell), but it was clean. Truthfully, the hotel rooms need a good painting, but we did NOT experience any bugs. I'm big on checking the mattresses for bed bugs, etc, but there were thankfully NO issues.The only thing that I disliked was the ceiling which needs repair. When I was working on the desk in the corner of the room, a tiny piece of drywall fell on my head. No biggie, but there is water damage.Overall, if you're going to San Francisco to see the sites and want something cheap in the center of town, this is a great option. My friend and I agreed that we would stay there again if we didn't care about any luxury. Closest BART/station was on Powell about four blocks away.By the way, the next night we moved to the MArriott on 4th and Market, and paid a reduced rate (which was truly a bargain for SF accommodations) of $130, so, in comparison, the Union Square is a bargain for the place.Finally, because this is downtown SF, you WILL see many beggars on the street. Just keep your distance, don't be rude, and they'll leave you alone.	
Nov 2 2008	Great location but the rest is not great	If you're in a town like San Francisco you are out all day and you just need a central room to spend the night. In that respect, this hotel is a good deal.Pro: great location, good priceContra: the cockroaches in our room...	
Oct 27 2008 	Needs a ton of work - Caution Advised	A pretty ordinary hotel. I am used to staying in budget accommodation - especially on a weak dollar - but this was pretty ordinary even by those standards. Room was clean and the blokes on the front desk for the early morning shift and the night shift were pretty friendly and helpful. That is about the best that can be said. The day shift front desk bloke was unhelpful. Seemed more interested in his iPod than attending to guests. Room was incredibly noisy - so much so that I had to brave the San Francisco beggars and run up to the pharmacy at midnight to buy earplugs. The room had no remote for the TV and no alarm clock. The hot water was temperamental at best and there is no air conditioning. There is no room directory, the phones have no little sticker on them to assist you with dialing out or room-to-room, so I had to run down to a pay phone on occasions. Needs more than a lick of paint and the elevator is so slow that it's quicker to take the stairs! Dodgy locks on doors. Will take considerable work to get it up to acceptable - even complimentary ear plugs for the rooms facing Geary Street would be a start! I'm sure they can be bought in bulk...Definitely would not take a family there. Okay for young single people.	
Oct 20 2008 	Exactly what we wanted....and expected!!	If you are in San Francisco to be a traveller and see what the city- not just another hotel room- has to offer, look past the worn carpet and the walls that need a coat of paint!! My boyfriend and I just had a great 6-night stay in the epicenter of San Fran activity - so convenient to all forms of public transportation as well as within walking distance of everything! It IS an older hotel, but we chose to see the charm in that. The elevator was out of commission for an overnight, but was quickly back in order the next day. That was the only issue during our stay. Our room was clean, comfortable and quiet; all that we were looking for in a place to sleep. Walgreen's is a block away to purchase shampoo, conditioner, lotion, etc. Starbucks is next door for those of us concerned with immediate caffeine intake in the morning. For under $90 a night, it allowed us to spend A LOT more money on the fun things! We would absolutely stay there again.	
Oct 18 2008	Great price/value	I was in hotel for 3 nights and You got what You paid except the location. Location is great and our room was on the side that was quiet whole night. Hotel is great for young people who want to spend just a night to sleep. In front of hotel are many stores, open 24/7. Rooms are not too great but thay are clean. If you want to explore the city (or something) and be all day outside the hotel, just to came to sleep is't great deal.	
Oct 15 2008 	Great location for price.	For the price this hotel was fine. We had read the reviews and therefore expected the rather tired level of decoration. The room itself was probably better than the communal areas. The location was excellent. At the end of the day you get what you pay for and I would recommend it as a place to stay to people who just want a convenient and value for money place to sleep.	
Sep 30 2008 	GREAT LOCATION	ok the hotel is not the ritz, but for what we paid, we had an excellent stay. even met the owner nice chap! the hotel is located in an excellent location and the staff are extremeley helpfull. dexter being one of them. the hotel does look worn, but as i said for what we paid it was fine.	
Sep 18 2008 	What do you expect for the price?	Booked this online the night before we arrived in SF while passing through. $90 inc tax for the night but a few yards from Union Square, so we hardly expected the Ritz. More like a hostel than a hotel really, though the bed (small) was quite comfortable. A couple of cockroaches paid a visit to us in the shower in the morning and rather let the side down, though they did appear quite friendly. Car parking is at an underground and rather dodgy garage a few blocks away - the hotel said the rate was $20 overnight but strangely we were charged $25 and they expected a tip (in vain!).You think the car is being parked there, but in fact it is driven to a lot elsewhere in town, as we caught them out. Central location for hotel but rundown area rife with assertive beggars - my wife waiting with our luggage outside the hotel was hassled/propositioned 5 times in the 15 minutes it took to retrieve the car from the garage, and had to take refuge back inside. Sad really as SF on our last trip a few years ago was so great. This was the low point of a long tour of the States this summer.	
Sep 17 2008 	Don't Bother	I do not recommend this hotel. The room was SO loud. There was a garbage truck dumping below our window all night. They messed up our reservation. Something bit my boyfriend ALL OVER, leaving him with bites all over his body. The rooms were tiny and beds were not comfortable. Don't even bother paying the money, it is not worth it!	
Sep 6 2008	Great price but needs a lick of paint	For $80 per night one block from union square this is a bargain. Any other hotel charges atleast $120 from my hours spent esearching online. The hotel is very conveniently located. We were a bit wary walking down the corridors as the carpet looked in dire need of replacing. The room itself was clean and had a tv that worked fine. I wouldn't recomend turning right out of the hotel and walking more than a couple of blocks as it gets quite rough very quickly in that direction however walk the other way you are right in the centre of san francisco and near a lot of major bus routes. The staff on front desk although not the most chatty were very freindly and helpful. If your looking for a cheap night in a hotel in the middle of san francisco this is perfect just don't expect it to be the Hilton!	
Aug 30 2008 	Not worth ruining your holiday for!	We travelled around America and had no hotel problems until this one. We are pretty hardened travellers but this was rough!Very poor customer service. Fire alarm ripped off the wall, noisy pipes running through our room, no remote for T.V (smaller issue but irritated us that they didn't care!). When we complained about fire alarm he told us not to smoke in room - very indifferent attitude. He refused to move us into one of the empty rooms. The pipes kept us awake most of the night and therefore, we were tired during the day. Not worth ruining your holiday by staying here - trust us!	
Aug 10 2008 	Okay for the price	This hotel was not so bad as some comments suggested. Our room was okay. I think you can not expect much for the room-price. I spend lots of time to select an affordable hotel at a good location in San Francisco during the summer-holiday. The location of the hotel is really perfect (near Union square, public transportation and many restaurants). The hotel- staff was friendly.	
Jul 10 2008 	Never again!	This is the worst place I ever have stayed in. There was no air conditioning and the window opened up to an alley that was used for trash, to say nothing of myriad homeless doing their &quot;business,&quot; etc. The shower did not work and the deadbolt did not lock. The TV was a Panasonic and the remote was for a Zenith! The one thing I will say is that the bed was comfortable (although I admit I was hesitant to get in there) and except for the constant noise in the alley below, I managed to get a few good hours of sleep. If some care would be taken, this could be a very nice place, or at least neutral/average. I would not recommend staying there - &quot;you get what you pay for.&quot; By the way - the front desk was of no assistance at all (commenting on a previous entry), although they certainly were friendly.	
Jul 2 2008 	Upgrade rating please	Thanks a lot to people workin' there, very kind and helpful.Helping me by keeping luggage after check out, till late at night, waiting for my flight back to Italy. Great location, very close to Bart's Station @ Powell &amp; Union Square for buses &amp; cable carsSafe neighborhood, even if you're travelling by yourself as I did. The main door it's locked at night and ther's always someone at reception.No frills, but rooms cleaned every morning or afternoon if you'd like to sleep a little bit more. To have breakfast there's a starbucks three doors on the right.I've been there twice at the beginning and at the end of my california trip and the only risk is if it becomes more expensive.Great value.I'll be back for sure.	
Jun 25 2008 	If you are as clueless as I was and in "zeit not"	I had very little time and not much money to organize a &quot;memorable&quot; trip to SF for me and my parents (not from US) - and I knew nothing about SF and had no experience with organizing trips. I went nuts reading mixed reviews on hotels and safe/unsafe areas until I was forced to book something immediately for there were only a few hotels left with rooms available - I booked a room at USPH because it is very near Union Square, because they were cheep and they offered not more or less than what we needed in a room ( two beds and a private bathroom - we were visiting the city, not the hotel room) and because they were the only people that didn't try to make me book another room for myself or pay extra for a third person in a 2bed room (odd number travel groups are discriminated big time :-)LOCATION:The hotel is on a perfect location (for tourists that care about, both, shopping and site seeing). If you go just a block farther away from Union Square, you are getting too close to Tenderloin area which I wouldn't call dangerous but not a &quot;pleasant&quot; area to have to walk through either, especially with kids or elderly people.Union Square is a couple of minutes walk from the hotel and that's where all the stores are (and the entrance to China Town). There are bunch of breakfast places around and you'll be on a perfect start point to walk to the places you should definitely walk to/through/around or take a ride to the places you’ll have to take a ride to anyway.If you don't care about shopping, still try to find a place east of Van Ness (even Hyde) and north of Geary, excluding Tenderloin - the Union Square area is very &quot;shoppping&amp;touristy&quot; but other areas are too residential to me. If you really hate &quot;touristy&quot; avoid Fisherman's Wharf like plague. And one more thing about locations: I don't think you should avoid hotels on Market Street if you find a good deal - that street seems to be dividing fancy from sketchy, but it is still half-fancy and steps away from completely fancy.HOTEL:The hotel itself is ridiculously worn out. Yet, the room was surprisingly decent: it didn't smell like a garden in bloom, the windows have never-ever been cleaned, but the bathroom was clean and I didn't see any insects or stains on sheets and towels (honestly, I didn't search for them either, but I didn't see any). To cut the long story short, I was not afraid I was going to get a disease from a little dust on the joinery. The rooms have no AC (July/August???). It is also very noisy (it is down town), but we were so tired from walking that it didn't bother us at all.The hotel stuff is rather strange - they were not unpleasant but they are not professionals either, kind of like locals that you ask for direction on the street, very casual :-)If you organize months in advance (unlike me) you could find a cute b&amp;b or a nicer hotel for the same or a little more money and in a nice city area. If no, this hotel should do fine.In conclusion, my clueless fellow travelers - BOOK WAY IN ADVANCE, STICK TO THE UNION SQUARE AREA IF POSSIBLE (even if you are an anti-touristy adventurer), don't be afraid of this hotel and ENJOY SAN FRANCISCO!!!	
Jun 23 2008 	Very convenient friendly staff basic amenities	I stayed at the hotel whil attending a conference. As a student, I wanted something cheap but convenient. The Union Square Plaza was perfect for that. Okay, I did not have a woderful view, but it was quiet, the room was bright and big and even though the hotel does need some renovations, still it was clean. The great shops of Union Square are 5 minutes away, the subway, the trams, the buses within 2 minutes walk. It was extremely easy just to get anywhere and the ocean about 15 minutes walk away!There is no restaurant in the hotel but who cares? So many great places to chose from just around the hotel. The theatre accross the road is great too if you fancy a night of culture and all the galleries and antique shops are nearby.The staff were very friendly. On my check-out day my flight was in the evening and they let me keep the room with No extra charge till I needed to leave for the report.Great, eh? Which big, chain hotel would let you do that?I cannot wait to go to SF again and stay at the Union Sqaure Plaza!	
Jun 18 2008 	Needs some TLC	I wouldn't stay here again. First room was totally inadequate for 4 adults and a change had to be made at our insistence. Windows absolutely grotty inside and out. So noisy we got no sleep. hallways stunk and the carpets threadbare and dirty. Room itself was comfortable. Great location though to Union Square and transport to Fishermans wharf.	
Jun 10 2008 	Give this hotel a break part 2!	Ok, for the amazing price we paid for a 6 night stay, this hotel was definitely worth the money! We checked in with no problems and our room was very big and tidy. Windows were quite dirty, but that didn't bother me. We had a large TV with at least 20 channels on it. The sink was oddly built in the bedroom beside the bathroom, but it made a nice change to the normal routine at home. Bed was nice and big and EXTREMELY comfortable.Location = perfect. Only a few seconds away from Union Square and just up the road from Powell st. BART station. There was a really nice Shopping centre in the area with a cinema and plenty of interesting shops.I will definitely stay in USP again, I really enjoyed my stay. There was always a nice aroma of Nag Champa incense floating around the lobby, which I liked alot. The only problem with the hotel...too many Starbucks in the surrounding area! P.S Do NOT leave any money out of your bedside locker unless it is a tip for the maid.	
May 19 2008 	Cheap but not worth it	The hotel was cheap. The bed and bathroom were clean and the floor clean.However, the decoration of the hotel was poor (it looked like it was prepared for painting months ago, but no work done on it), and other parts of the room (ledges, window etc) were covered in dust. I would not stay there again. I would find somewhere else and pay more if necessary.	
Apr 27 2008 	good location	we arrived at the hotel late at night after wandering the wrong way from powell st. BART and walking through the tenderloin....avoid this area!!! easy check-in and the room was big, on the front overlooking the two theatres opposite. it was a bit noisy (traffic , sirens, loud people etc.) but this didn't bother us. the staff were very friendly and helped us with maps &amp; directions. the room was very clean and the maids were in daily. the bathroom was adequate and we had a tv with quite a few channels. locationwise , for us it was brilliant, a few yards away from union square, shops/theatres/restaurants/pubs/cable cars etc. the price was excellent for our 11 day stay. overall we had no problems and would stay here again.	
Mar 30 2008 	Give this hotel a break!	My partner and I have just spent 2 weeks in SF and we stayed at this hotel. No Ritz we would admit. But if you want a clean basic room at an almost unbeatable price this hotel will not let you down.The other two main points about this hotel are its friendly staff and location.Ignore the petty complaints by others, they, I bet had paid as much as we did! Save your money and stay at this hotel, leaving you to spalsh the cash all over this great city!John and Havard	
Feb 19 2008 	Hot Noisy but Cheap	Just came back from a stay at the Union Square Plaza Hotel. At first glance I thought it might be haunted with the blotchy paint job and mattresses in the hallway. We were scared to open the room door for what might await us. The beds are decents and the basics of sink, toilet, and shower is there which looked clean. We couldn't find the temperature control for the room if there was one so it was unbearably hot which meant we opened the windows. But then this meant amazingly loud street noise (and we were on the top floor). We actually heard people arguing, car alarms going off, and a possible gun shot at night. There was about half an hour of silence for some slumber.Overall, it was clean and the location is not bad (but I would have chosen to stay at a different area if I was to go to San Fran again).	
Jan 31 2008 	You Get What You Pay For	I decided to take a long weekend trip for my birthday to San Francisco since I had never been there before. I found a great deal for this hotel and read from other reviews that it was a nice clean hotel and great for the price. That was not the case. This place was extremely filthy, noisy and not so safe of an area. When I first walked into my room, I was greeted a roach! The only good thing that I can say is that the front desk staff were amazing. They tried to help as best as they could by giving me a different room, the only problem was that the room faced a parking garage and a dumpster that had to be emptied every other day at about 5 am! Next time I go I will spend the extra money to guarantee that I'm staying someplace that I know I'm going to be comfortable.	
Nov 1 2007 	great location	This hotel is in a great location near Union Square. Although the rooms are quite dated the place is clean and reasonably priced.Well worth a visit if you need cheap accomodation right in the heart of San Francisco within walking distance of Trolley cars and MACYS.	
Aug 9 2007 	Honeymoon from hell	We new we were booking a budget hotel but didn’t expect what we got. We have stayed in Hostels all over the world and this Hotel made the hostels seem like palaces. I have read the other reviews and can let you know, the closeness to the Bart &amp; Muni is exaggerated. But Union Square is right on your doorstep. So if all you want to do is shop, this is the right area to stay.We were met by 3 different concierges, 2 off which were rude; the third a man was the only thing we liked about our Stay in San Francisco. He had afternoon shift and was there till 11pm at night. He was very helpful, upbeat and pleasant.The room we were put in was filthy and the windows are black with dust and soot. The ceiling had a huge hole in it. Cause no doubt by the rusty looking damp patch that surrounded it. The carpets looked like they were moving they were so badly faded and they smelt rotten. The bath room was the same and in serious need of disinfection. The walls &amp; roof are rotten and yellow &amp; rusty with damp ant it smelled like an overfull men’s urinal, even after house keeping had been. The Curran theatre is directly across the road and various Art Galleries in the same block as the hotel but directly next to the hotel is a pizza place a Chinese and A burger place and a Mexican Restaurant. If you think this is a good thing your wrong as you are constantly harassed by the homeless sitting &amp; sleeping in the doorways. We were even chased into the hotel lobby by a couple trying to pry the food from our hands. The noise at night from the traffic makes the entire room vibrate the windows rattles like they might fall out. The late night parties with music and people singing on the streets were like having a mobile disco in bed with you all night long. The restaurants throw there bottles &amp; rubbish out at 2am every morning and the bin men empty the bins every morning at 5am. The noise from both of these is also deafening. So you are sure you will get no sleep. And since The homeless people are so plentiful in this area around the hotel you dare not stay out to late we never felt safe.So in conclusion, we felt like this hotel was the same as a filthy, prison and we were Stupid enough to pay far to much for it.	
Jul 23 2007 	Loved this hotel	This hotel was booked on a budget but it was the best hotel we have ever stayed in. It was located right next to cable cars, MUNI &amp; BART station, shopping, restaurants and nightlife. Staff were very welcoming and helpful, maid service every day, rooms big and spacious with hairdryer, iron, shower, telephone and queen size bed. Everything was fantastic and we would recommend this hotel and indeed San Francisco to everyone - a very unique experience.	
Jan 11 2007 	The thing I remember....	The thing I remember most about this hotel is the lasting smell. Upon returning home and opening my case, the smell of the hotel room wafted out and up into my nostrils. Ugh! Having said that, if you are looking for a cheap no frills hotel, this place is okay. A large room with clean bathroom and a TV that worked, although furnishings a little shabby. The room was made up and cleaned every day. At night it was quiet in the halls, although I do recall the bins in the lane below being collected at one point. Fortunately, my mattress didn't have the plastic covering referred to elsewhere here, but a friend encountered that in their room. The location of the hotel is excellent, not far from Powell Street and Union Square. People on the desk were friendly and helpful.	
Oct 15 2006 	Spend most of your time out of the room !	This hotel has a great location, it's so easy to get to the Powell cable car line and Market street for the BART and Muni. We felt safe walking around at night not too many beggars, but if you go towards Japantown or the Civic centre that all changes. The room was old, hot &amp; a little smelly but not unbearable considering we didn't spend much time in the room. Poor water pressure in the shower, small towels and the hair dryer was a waste of time. The first night we stayed on the Geary st side of the hotel, which was a bigger room with a wardrobe but the street noise was too much to get a good night rest so we moved to the other side of the building. This was much quieter, but a smaller room with only a view of the alley. The staff were OK, they didn't go out of their way, but did all that was required of them. We overheard a couple of the front desk staff rubishing the hotel one night and calling it a dive, so that doesn't give you a lot of confidence in the place. For a cheap place to crash in a great location this would be fine, but we will be spending the extra $$ next time for somewhere else.	
Oct 9 2006 	Seedy but good location	I stayed at the Union Square Plaza for a fun trip with friends and because we were not in our rooms too often, it was fine. It did not ruin the trip, but it was SEEDY. I would never stay there again. My friend had bed bugs. She woke up with mysterious bites everyday. My room was a tiny single overlooking an ugly alley in the back of the hotel. The light was dim and depressing. Room smelled musty and was not cleaned well; pretty dusty. TVs could be heard blaring throughout the night. The walls are paper thin. Creepy to see some worn-down looking people roaming the halls that might have lived there? A few of them looked homeless. We loved San Fran- but this place was more like a hostel. The only good thing was consistent hot water in a new bathroom. And don't get me wrong- this place COULD be charming in the European sense. But it is NOT, by any means. Sad and seedy was how I felt about it during my stay. It totally lacks charm and warmth. It could be cool if they redid the awful rugs, updated the lighting, replaced the delapitated, broken furniture, cleaned the haphazard stains everywhere, and fixed the peeling paint. AND- I thought the guys at the front desk were very ODD, I don't know why anyone is raving about them. I've stayed in some very low budget b &amp; b's, hotels, and hostels all over Europe and am not a snob when it comes to hotels - and this WAS a great price for that area. That being said, this place was one of the worst places I've ever stayed in. I will never stay at the Union Square Plaza again...Pay a little more if you can and stay somewhere decent.	
Sep 29 2006 	Great Value	Good Location-just a few minuites walk form the BART Powell St. station, easily accessable from the airport.Large room- at first i thought rooms are small because of the price, but actually much larger than expected.Friendly staff- I have stayed at many economy class hotels,and some people are really rude. But here, they are nice.Surely you get what you pay for, but considering the locationand the price, this is a great place to stay.	
Sep 29 2006 	What a Shame...	Well the saying is certainly true &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; and we absolutely found that to be true at the Union Square Plaza Hotel at $79 dollars a night in this very sought after very expensive SF district. I knew it wasn't a boutique hotel or anything close to that but I thought it would be crust free. We (my hubby and I) were in SF for 4 nights, had reservations to stay 3 at the USPH, we decided to stay an extra night but at a different hotel the last night , couldn't take the grim anymore. It's such a shame too cause the front desk staff and location is so wonderful. But if you want an overall more pleasant experience you'll search for a little nicer hotel in this area. I know I know I said the same thing &quot;We won't be spending very much time in our room, there's so much to do in San Fran and we can save money for other things if we get a cheaper room&quot;. But you do want a clean room right? Shabby but clean would be just fine right? I'm just going to say it, this was the dirtiest hotel i've ever stayed in and i'm no snob i'm not snooty,fussy or a high maintainance traveler and I'm certainly no neat freak at all ( for me to complain you know it was pretty bad hahhahahahah!) but our room was covered in filth and crust. from the floor to ceiling on the walls and counters. ewwwwwww! I am young and I don't mind staying at 1 to 2 star hotels. I mean that's usually how we travel. but my gosh this place forgot to do it's spring/autumn/winter/summer cleaning. It was hot. So hot we had to go buy a small fan from Walgreens. I asked for a fan but they said &quot;we have already given out all of our fans, we even had to go buy a few more&quot;. Well la dee da for the guests that beat us to it, but it didn't change the fact that we were sweltering. Yes sweltering in San Fran. I have proof!! and they have no fans or air conditionion in their darn rooms and we had a street front room I pity the folks who had an alley room.....Ewwww I have to say it again their rooms were dank nasty!!! Shabby we can handle, rundown and just old looking we can take, but grimmy and dirty and hot was too much to bare. 30 minutes with a sponge and some windex, bleach and a fan is what that room needed and I would have been fine. We still had an awesome, wicked, rip roaring time in SF, SF is a wonderful city. It was so filthy it was comical to us after a while( sounds kinda gross but we didn't wanna hassle with cancel fees and finding a new place and packing our stuff up so we just dealt with it). So do yourself a favor and stay at a nicer hotel. not a foofy expensive one but at least a clean one. Well I must say again the front desk staff was very helpful and kind, so kind I almost feel bad writing a bad review., but not bad enough cause their cleaning crew needs to be replaced or payed more to do a better job or something. So whether or not you choose to heed my warning or not, travel safe and don't let the dust mites bite.	
Sep 15 2006 	Great value for the money excellent location	I have stayed twice at this place in the last 2 years now, and have been very very satisfied. Here is a quick summary:PROS:1. No frills, simple place. Clean beds and bathrooms. 2. Great location, 2 blocks from union square, nice breakfast and indian places to eat all around3. Great price ! 4. Nice big TVs, spacious rooms5. Excellent customer service.6. You can request a refrigerator, and they will give it to you for free if they have itCONS1. Might feel a little rundown to people who are used to staying in the hiltons.2. Carpet is clean, but feels funny on bare legs :)I payed $80 per night, which is much much better than the more expensive places around that area.	
Sep 15 2006 	Cheap clean you get what you pay for	I had no problems with this hotel. If you want the Ritz then go stay there. If you want a cheap place that is clean, has a decent size bed, television and bathroom then stay here.The staff were SUPER friendly , giving me local knowledge. This is in a great location, walk to Union Square, jump on a street car, walk around town, close to bars and great diners.There are many worse hotels than this for same price. Yuppies wont like it, normal people will.	
Jul 24 2006	Good location shame about the hotel	We stayed at Union Square Plaza for 4 nights from our 3 week travel around the west coast of America and it was by far the worst hotel we stayed in.The hotel is really dirty and our room was so smelly we needed to buy scented candles just to make it bearable.We could not use the sink the whole time of the stay as there was a problem with the pipes and there was constant dirty water with dead insects in the sink coming through from the pipes.Me and my husband are in our mid twenties and have stayed in other budget 2 star hotels in Europe that have been really good so we're not being picky. We did not take pictures as we did not want to be reminded of how awful the hotel was we tried to spend as much time away as possible.I would not recommend this hotel for couples with children i dont feel its safe to walk around in the area the hotel is in at night there are alot of tramps and they really do bother you and it can be quite scary.The only advantages of this hotel is that it is in a decent location (if you want to be right next to union sq) and is very cheap. If you are doing alot of sightseeing then being near union sq is not essential as nothing is within walking distance apart from shopping. You still need to use public transport to get around the best form is probably the bus or tram. Therefore it is worth spending a little more and staying in a nicer area like fishermans wharf this hotel is only good as a last resort.Also the hotel staff are helpful with directions. The problems with the hotel is not the fault of the staff.	
Jul 22 2006 	I'll Be Back	This hotel was terrific considering what you pay and where it is. My room (#606) was clean with a comfortable bed and a bathroom that looked like it had been remodeled. Towels were plentiful, the TV worked fine, and there was a mini fridge and microwave oven in the room. Some reviewers whined about the water pressure -- it was fine. Checking in and out was a breeze and I was not charged for some local calls that I made. The location is ideal, and right across the street from the theaters. The only negative, sort of, is that while I was there, San Francisco was unusually warm, and there were no fans or air conditioners (I didn't ask for a fan, though). If you want a great view from your hotel window, go elsewhere, but if you want a decent room at a great price in an area where everything else (including the diners) are horrendously expensive, this is the place for you.	
Jul 21 2006 	Great value for money	Union Square Plaza Hotel is a great value hotel close to Union Square. The rooms are of decent size, mine was clean and quiet - quiet means at the back with no view, rooms to the front would have a street view but be much noisier. The bathroom was quite acceptable, many have commented on water pressure which I found ok, typically European rather than a power shower. Bed was quite comfortable and the mattress fully protected by a plastic (vinyl) cover. This was slightly noisy but didnt spoil a comfortable bed. Something to be said with having plastic under the clean sheets to prevent one coming into contact with other people's left overs, bed bugs or other allergens. The corridors are very tatty and could do with some paint.All in all excellent value in the heart of San Francisco.	
Jun 4 2006	Unsatisfied	Overall, I was not satisfied with this hotel. I could think of more negative aspects than positives ones. Positives:1.Location. It is located in a prime location, close to restaurants, bars, shops, sites and transportation. The Powell Bart/Muni train station is within walking distance; convenient bus stop down the street; cable cars ½ a block away. There are a selection of restaurants surrounding the hotel and in area, so you will not starve. 2.Staff are friendly and helpful.Negatives:1.Don’t let the lobby fool you into thinking this is a grand hotel. We were disappointed when we saw the rest of the building. First off, we were given a key – an actual key, not a card access key, but a regular doorknob key. There were 2 locks, but we can only use the key on the doorknob to open. The other lock could only be used from inside the room. Before we leave, we have to throw our body weight against the door just to make sure that it doesn’t open – because it will due to the silly lock, the padded carpet and the overlap of the door frame. I did not feel safe in the room nor did I feel that my stuff was safe when I’m not in the room.2.Our room was next to the elevator. So we heard people leaving and coming. Every so often, we can hear the elevator when it operates.3.Before I even entered the room, I know the building is old. The floor creaks. The hallways look like they’re crumbling – cracks on yellowed walls and on the corners. Dim lighting. It resembles an apartment complex more than a hotel.4.Our room was stuffy when we first walked in and continued to for the rest of our stay. Like the hallway, it is very dimmed. There’s a lamp on each side of the bed and a ceiling light. The lamps are sufficient, however, even if the ceiling light is on, you would not notice a difference.5.The carpeting looks disgusting. It looks like a army of troops walked thru. I highly recommend you bring slippers/flip flops.6.Like the hallways, the walls were cracked and paint chips everywhere.7.The bathroom area is not what I expected. You have the room and an opening where there’s a mirror and a sink and then there’s a door that leads to the ‘bathroom’ with a tub and the toilet. Where is the privacy in that!? Some might like the convenience in having access to the sink and mirror while someone is in the shower. However, I did not like the set up. 8.Shower-ers beware, there is very little, if any water pressure. It sprinkles. And it takes a while for the water to reach the desired temperature. So allow yourself enough time to shower, because I would not be surprise if it takes you at least an hour. If you are a big believer in Feng Shui, you’re not going to be happy, the bathroom is directly in front of the bed AND the there are mirrors facing the bed. 9.You can forget about any complementary items, such as shampoo, conditioner, shower caps, you would expect from a similar grade of hotel – because there are none. There are towels however. If you expect to find a coffee pot/maker in your room, you’re expecting too much. If there’s any consolation, there is a pot of coffee ready downstairs in the lobby. 10.What I found to be the most annoying is the bed. Our pillows are about the ½ the size of a normal pillow. If you normally sleep with more than one pillow, bring something that you don’t mind using as a makeshift pillow. Otherwise, you will be walking around with a crick in your neck the entire time you’re there like I did. The pillow issue is nothing in comparison with the bed. It makes noises every time you sit up, turn over, move, or even move your head. I think the noise is from a plastic/vinyl wrapped mattress. If you ever sat on plastic covered furniture, it sounds exactly like that. So good luck sleeping with that racket.11.As if the noise from the bed is not enough, it is extremely noisy outside. The room I was staying in faces the street, across from a theatre. And because of how stuffy the room is, the windows have to be cracked open (by the way, there are no screens, except for the one in the bathroom). As a result, you can hear traffic going by, cars honking, people screaming to each other, and sirens ALL night long. Good luck sleeping. Normally, I’m a heavy sleeper but I must have woken up every hour for 5 hours if most.Given the choice, I would not stay at this hotel again. It is horrible. I have never stayed at such a poor establishment. I should’ve paid more and stayed at a less problematic place. However, if you are a budgeted traveler and don’t mind all of the above, by all means, this hotel maybe an option for you. But if you are looking for a hotel for a family vacation or even for business travelers, I suggest you pay a little bit more and get a 3 star hotel. There are plenty of nicer looking hotels in the area.	
May 23 2006	Happy with Union Square Plaza Hotel	For the price we paid, (very reasonably priced {in fact cheap}) we definitely did not expect a luxurious hotel. However the location is superb; close to all modes of public transport, excellent shopping, many types of eateries and restaurants, and all of the sights and sounds of San Francisco. The room was quite large and the bathroom was also large and very clean. We had four large suitcases with us and we found no trouble storing them and still having plenty of space around the room.This is a very old building and it shows. There is a 'dank' smell throughout, especially in the corridors. Water pressure is non-existent and aesthetically it's not great. However, in my opinion, you get what you pay for. My partner and I stayed four nights at this property and we enjoyed our experiences there. We found the bed (king size) to be very comfortable indeed, and we slept well every night. We were awoken early each morning by sounds of traffic and the general goings on down on street level. But this was not a bad thing for us and we were grateful to get an early start to each day.The staff on the front desk were always friendly, chatty and helpful. Check-in and check-out was quick and easy. The desk was 'manned' by three different gents that we saw throughout our stay. When we were leaving for the airport the man at the desk organized a shuttle for us and gave us a $10.00 discount voucher for the shuttle service, so it only cost $20.00 USD for the two of us (about $4.00 USD more than getting the train, which is how we got from the airport to the hotel when we arrived).All in all I would recommend this hotel to people who are planning full days out and about in San Francisco. We really only spent an hour or two each night in the room before we went to sleep, so for us it was terrific value.The only negatives we found were:-Water pressure is terrible (although I doubt if it could be helped in such a large, old building).-Towels are tiny and only two are provided (a girl needs a separate towel for her hair!!!)-Pillows are small and very thin. I'm sure more could/would have been avaiable had I asked, though.-TV reception is not great.In conclusion we were very happy with the price, location and service at Union Square Plaza Hotel.	
May 13 2006	Great Convenient and Decent Hotel in SFO	This hotel should be choosen by those on a budget but at the same time looking for a good time stay at a prime district located less than 5 min walk from Powell St. Everything from the reception to the day of checking out, it was truly smooth, friendly and pleasant. The receptionist took great initiative to provide a brief introduction on the points of interest in SFO upon our arrival. The hotel room is simple and yet does not compromise basic comfort. Its not as small as I expected, not especially when we can place 4 big luggages and I am still have space to do push ups in the room. Great room for young couples on a budget to experience SFO. I strongly recommend this to everyone. And finally, I will be back for sure end of this year...	
Mar 23 2006	Much better than expected	After reading the reviews, I decided that I wasn't going to stay at this hotel. I booked with a 4 star hotel at Fisherman's Wharf. Then I decided that for a savings of $140 a night, that I would take a chance on this hotel. I'm glad I did. When my wife and I checked in, the front desk clerk was very fast, friendly and efficient. So we went to our room, and I held my breath as I opened the door. To my relief, the room was wonderful! This hotel is a block away from the cable car line, and within a 5 minute walk to China Town. The front desk clerk was helpful anytime that I wanted a recommendation for a diner, or directions to somewhere. I noticed a lot of complaints about the homeless in the area, but the entire time we were there, we only had problems with one homeless person, the rest left us alone. And even when we were down by the four star hotels in fisherman's wharf, there was homeless on every corner.Bottom line, if you don't need fancy luxory and want to save a bundle, do yourself a favor and stay here! This hotel was great for us!	
Nov 1 2005 	Great location at a bargain price	My husband and I spent four nights at this hotel while he attended a conference at the Hilton nearby. This hotel is not fancy, but an historical old building in the middle of downtown. The front desk staff was helpful and friendly. The room was small, but the bathroom was newly updated, clean and the bed was comfortable. (There was no sign of the vinyl mattress cover mentioned in other reviews.) Bring your own toiletries, as the only amenity supplied is bar soap. Good coffee is available in the lobby and there are lots of restaurants nearby. The location cannot be beat, just a block from Union Square and the trolley. The neighborhood is noisy, especially the garbage pick up during the wee hours. If you have the windows open, it will be disturbing. Another drawback to the area (certainly not the fault of the hotel) is that you will have to deal with panhandlers on every corner. Keep in mind that the Union Square Plaza is on the same block as the Westin St. Francis and less than two blocks from the Hilton. If you want to pay $180 more per night, you could stay at one of those places, but if you are on a budget you can comfortably stay here. Save your money for eating out--you will need it!	
Sep 6 2005	Great Value	What a great value in the city!This is probably not the best choice if you generally stay at 5 star , $300/night+ hotels. However, if you're traveling for vacation &amp; want to spend the bulk of your money on other things, check it out. Our room was clean &amp; comfortable. All of the essentials were in great shape. The linens were obviously fresh and clean. The bathroom was clean &amp; everything worked well. Sure, the hotel could use some fresh paint &amp; floorcoverings. Brand new furniture would be nice, too. However... with it's location and charm, these items could easily double the nightly rate. Another travler complained about noise from the traffic below and the mattress cover. I sleep with ear plugs, so I didn't notice. I must say that not all hotels have the mattress covers like this one. But I kinda like the idea of the mattress cover. As far as the traffic below: welcome to the city. With the money I saved on the room, I didn't mind paying $20/day to park the car. I had plenty to buy coffee &amp; breakfast at Starbucks (there's one on every corner, it seems). After that, I still had money left over to shop &amp; have fun. For me, that's what vacation is for. Public transportation was easy to find and the front desk staff were very helpful with any questions we had and offered no problems or hesitation when I requested 2 extra pillows. I'll return for sure.	
Aug 13 2005 	Better than the Hilton a block away.	I stayed here on my own for 4 nights, to visit a conference that was held in the Hilton behind the block facing this no-trouble-no-frills hotel. For people from the continent this is your 2 (or 3) star hotel; given the location and price you pay a really fair price. Checking in was seamless, less than 5 minutes after entering this venue I was in my room. The man at the desk was friendly and helpful; he gave me a map of the city and advised me on the choice of a restaurant. My room had a TV, a renovated bathroom, a TV, and a view on a theatre. The noise of the streets calms down when it is time to sleep. The noise recommences when it time to wake up. Some people complain about the bed, I don't see the point. Vinyl is good, as it prevents the growing of rich cultures in the mattress.Definitively the best thing is that this hotel offers a wireless internet connection. This is great! I used it for free during the weekend, on workdays the service provider wanted me to pay, but by that time I was in the Hilton; and Hilton offers wireless for free.The second best thing was that the maid folded my shirt neatly and-like my mom did-placed on top of my cushion. Also I had clean towels every day and my room looked clean and tidy after each conference day.Breakfast is no problem as there are many places to eat close by; my favourite being Mason's, which could be seen from my room on the 6 th floor.Many of my colleagues complained about the Hilton: no rooms, dirty rooms, misallocated rooms, double booked rooms. They also spent ages at the check-in desks. In short: if you want a room, then this hotel is definitively a good choice. In fact, it is a no-brainer. I spent 360 bucks for 4 nights, whereas my colleagues spent at least 2 times as much … for poor rooms and bad service. I know a lot of nice things you can buy for the difference.	
Aug 1 2005	within stumbling distance----not worth it!		
Jul 28 2005	If Only the Beds Were as Great as the Staff . . .		
Apr 19 2005	You get what you pay for		
Mar 28 2005	The Bare Basics Leave Ya' With W.A.M. $$(Walking Around Money)		
Mar 19 2005	Not too bad		
Oct 14 2004	Exceptional Value		
Aug 20 2004	Cheap but kind of crappy - you decide		
Jun 8 2004	Could not ask for anything more		
May 19 2004	San Franciscos Best Value		
Feb 17 2004	Very European		
Nov 12 2009 	????????????????????		
Oct 21 2009 	Nicht wirklich zu empfehlen		
Oct 11 2009 	??????		
Oct 8 2009 	Pas cher et tres bien situé		
Sep 19 2009 	Lage und Preis sind nicht zu toppen		
Sep 5 2009 	Buena localización buen precio		
Jul 9 2009 	hotel à éviter		
Oct 18 2008	Lage optimal aber das ist auch schon alles		
Sep 21 2008 	Einzig die Lage war gut.		
Sep 10 2008 	Nie wieder		
Apr 12 2008 	bonne situation et bon rapport qualité-prix		
Nov 10 2007	Très bien situé et très bon marché		
Oct 15 2007	Cher affreux horrible la seule chose bien c'est son emplacement dans SFO		
