	glad i cancelled	after reading some very disturbing reviews i decided to cancel our stay and even that was a mission, 10 minute hold and a rude person at the end of the line when i finally go to speak to someone! lucky escape	
Nov 22 2009	Not the Best place....but	If it hadn't have been for Shaunda, we would have asked for a refund. First room had MOLD growing up the side of the wall (which is a serious health department violation, so I hope they fixed it!)...asked for a different room and then the tv in the 2nd room didn't work. Shaunda definitely took care of us, though! Burnie, however, needs a SERIOUS attitude adjustment! He was more than rude to us on the checkout when there were questions about parking during exit. He obviously needs to get another job. I almost asked for the manager because it was unacceptable how he treated us.Upgrades need to be made on the rooms. Most of them are very small and you feel a little cramped. Old outlets, fixtures, rusty toilet paper dispensers, older light fixtures. Yes, the manager will reply to this review and say it's the &quot;historic charm&quot; of the place...but charm can also require a few updates, too. However, for the price it's almost worth the value. Location is not the best but not horrible either. Perfect if you're going to see WICKED, and you can walk 4 blocks to the huge mall and shopping centers of San Francisco.All in all, I'm very wary about staying here again. But at least Shaunda turned the &quot;absolutely not again&quot; into a &quot;possible&quot;!!! If we'd get a special next visit, we'd certainly try again.	
Nov 15 2009 	not a bad location and a nice hotel	well i didn't pay for this hotel - but would recommend it for people who'd like to stay here - very good location for business purposes.	
Nov 15 2009 	BED BUGS	We had a lovely stay at this hotel, however I got a good case of bedbugs and now I must deal with the itching and the worry that I have brought them into my own home!	
Nov 13 2009 	convenient locationhelpful/friendly staffold-style rooms	Visited here with my partner for a conference for 5 days. The hotel is a remaining classic example of early 20th century urban hotel architecture. Our room had a very small bathroom with shower stall only,18' ceilings,and adequate closet space. Liked:price, location to public transportation,staff/services,historic ambiance of an old S.F. hotel. Disliked: shower head fell off when I adjusted it(fixed it myself),cramped bathroom space,worn hole in bed sheet, old toothpaste cap stuck in sink drain. Had cocktails in restaurant,utilized free wifi and/ pay for internet cafe,enjoyed small hotel museum,door staff attentive(both outside and inside lobby).Hotel secured our luggage for 7 hrs. on our day of departure without a fuss. The hotel is historic without a great deal of modernization or renovation...many like this remain in the northeast but are disappearing as travelers demand more amenities commanding much higher prices.The hotel is lucky to employ our chamber maid--hard worker and friendly.	
Nov 6 2009 	A bit of a letdown	I wasn't entirely happy with my stay here, but I got booked here for cheap last minute by Travelocity after a screwup, and my fiance, who had just proposed to me that night, and I spent our engagement night here and managed to have a decent experience.The lobby of the hotel really does look lovely. We also had a very talkative and personable porter. The front desk staff were just ok, but we didn't have a need for them to do anything except check us in, so I wouldn't know how they usually are with service. The reason I wasn't thrilled by the hotel was that the rooms and halls were pretty old and shabby. It's been a while, but I seem to remember exposed pipes in the ceiling hallways? Reminded me of an awful dormitory I stayed at in college. There was a funky smell in the air. It must have been from the carpet or ventilation systems. The furnishings were sparse and the room was tiny. There was a spot on the carpet that always felt cold or wet, and at first I thought I must have tracked some water in after a shower or spilled some of my drink, but it was there for the whole night and into the morning, which makes me think there was some other reason it was there and I don't really want to know what. There was little natural light in the room. And the bathroom was this really disconcerting long shape that seemed like the most awful use of space, ever. There was just this random area with nothing in it behind the bathtub. I believe it was because the walls were slanted there? Anyway, wtf? And I really disliked having the pan handlers harass me as I got off the taxi across the street at night. But you know, for a last minute booking at the cheap price we got, in a city with some sky-high hotel prices, it was what it was.	
Oct 28 2009 	Not as nice as it looks on photos	I booked this hotel thru expedia. The photos on the website are very decieving. The hotel is very old and even after some minor renos, it still looks like a haunted house. And the description said it's located in union square, and it is about 11 blocks from union square. The area is very ghetto as well. Let's say I am a little afraid walking back to the hotel at night. But the price is very cheap compare to others, so can't complain.	
Oct 27 2009 	In need of help	I stayed at the Hotel Whitcomb this past Sunday evening, for one night. I love historic places. This uses the description &quot;historic&quot; to hide behind. This place is downright run down. My room was creepy. Patched up plaster underneath the cheap paint job, bathroom toilet roll holder that had rust inside, overall the bathroom felt unclean - the bathtub area had mould on it (surprisingly enough, the shower was pretty decent - AFTER I debated not taking a shower because the place felt so grubby). &quot;Lace&quot; curtains that did not close for privacy. Pillows on the bed that were lumpy (!!!). To top it off, the concierge closed so early - what was the point of having one? We had a question, whilst going out to dinner at approx 7:45-8pm. No concierge. We asked the front desk guy, he smiled very pleasantly and wandered off, saying &quot;sorry - the concierege is closed&quot;. Oh really....? It's a shame - I see the place has history. They just need to renovate and enhance the truly historical elements of this hotel, and get rid of the scary elements (I really felt like I could get bed bugs in my room - I'm sure I was wrong in that assumption - but to feel it doesn't make one feel comfortable...). There are many places less expensive - and nicer. Sorry we went there...	
Oct 26 2009 	We'll stay here again.	Before heading to San Francisco, I read some of the reviews of the Whitcomb and I just don't get it. We had a great room, it was quiet (the hotel was busy), the room was clean, the bed was more comfortable than our bed at home, and the location was just fine. We saw more homeless people down at Fisherman's Wharf than at the Whitcomb or anywhere else. I was actually hassled by a homeless person at the Wharf whereas the one or two at the Whitcomb never bothered us or anyone else from what I could tell. Having the StarBucks attached at the hotel's lobby is awesome!The staff was very friendly (especially Larry who was constantly singing and humming) and always made a point to say hello to us whenever we passed them in the hall or lobby.A plus is that it's only a few feet from a Bart station and a Muni stop so it's easy to get from and to the hotel from anywhere in the city.	
Oct 26 2009 	Major Flaws	This hotel has one thing going for it: a pretty lobby. But it has several major flaws. First, the rooms are cramped and in desperate need of updating. The water pressure is terrible and the air conditioning is very old, doesn't cool and is VERY loud. The &quot;free internet&quot; doesn't work (super slow and drops the connection every two seconds) and the front desk staff is incredibly rude about it and simply tells you to use the business office, which has computers that you have to PAY to use. Absurd. Another big problem is that this hotel is located in a bad neighborhood. We were harassed every time we walked out the door. The &quot;fitness center&quot; is a very small room with virtually nothing in it. Parking is $28/day. Bottom line: stay elsewhere.	
Oct 22 2009 	Win some lose some	We stayed here during Open World, without realizing we would be on the edge of the TL. Quite the experience, clearly not something the hotel can alter. I was the tag-along, so during the day (and most evenings) I was on my own. Having the Orpheum across the street made my matinee a snap, so seeing Wicked was an extra treat. Steps to the Civic Center stop made both Bart and Muni easy to grab as well. This is downtown, so... there was plenty of wildlife, mainly the human variety.This is a hotel with a history, so the rooms are unique and quirky - the baths may be small with odd angles, sometimes doors don't close true. The ceilings are high, and the rooms we were in had quite new and comfortable furniture. In general we enjoyed the room and the stay, although I would look in a different area in future, for my own (female on her own) comfort level.The WIFI was provided by a 3rd party, and all support was handed off to them, which made all the issues we had a major hassle. On the 7th floor (lovely and quiet!) we had almost no coverage at all. I spent 1-1/2 hours in the lobby sending postcards from my iPhone, since it kept dropping the connection in our room. Again, not strictly the hotel's &quot;fault&quot; but they were brusque about pointing us to the 3rd party support - a challenge for an iPhone connection, frankly. Front desk assistance was either friendly and helpful, or short and obstructionist - it depended completely on who you talked to. In the majority they were very pleasant. I will echo just a bit of the previous comments on the concierge - the 2 times I requested help the amount of information available was very cursory. I was trying to get info on Golden Gate Park, and while I was given good info to get there on the Muni, I had nothing about getting back (didn't think of that before I left!) nor any information/map about the Park itself. A bit more local information for non-business travelers might be welcome.We had only one dinner at the restaurant, and it was not a success. Different review of that one.The manager was marvelously helpful, and certainly did everything he could to make our stay more comfortable. Ultimately it is the location and poor wifi which were our biggest complaints, and only one of those is addressable by the management.	
Oct 22 2009 	Good hotel bad location	The hotel itself was very nice athough we had a few issues with it. First the curtains didn't close so if you stay there bring a couple of safety pins. Another issue was prices, the valet was 28 a night and the restaunt inthe hotel was overly expensive for what you got. If you are going to eat breakfast at the hotel then you should eat at the starbucks across the hall. The location is good for it's proxemity to public tranportation but gets a little scary after dark. Overall not a bad hotel but will probably stay some where else next time in dan Francisco.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great place to stay as Wicked is right across the street	We stayed one night Oct 16th so we can watch Wicked that night. You can not beat the distance to the Orpheum theatre. We got there around 5pm and it is a little tricky to find the hotel parking as it is behind the hotel. The parking lot is not owned by the hotel, but they work with the hotel to have parking there for the guests. All parking is valet here and it is $28 a night, but you have in and out privileges.We booked for a double bed for $99 a night, but for $20 more they put us in a room with a king size bed. We stayed on the 7th floor looking at the other buildings. The elevator was small so if you have a lot of luggage you might have to do two trips.The room was very historic looking. There was a walk in closet, the bathroom was roomy, but no fan to let the steam out, the bed was to die for. I loved the bed, but maybe a little too many pillows :-). I slept very well that night. The furniture was antique looking, but that is the hotel.The place is lovely. There is a restaurant and Starbucks on the property and the lobby was very nice. The hotel itself is very nice looking and the staff was great, but the area is shaddy, but it is San Francisco. Yes there was some questionable people in the area, but that is not the hotels fault. There is a Chase bank, next door and a Walgreen's nearby.I would stay here again, as to get a nice room in San Francisco under $150 is just about a miracle. You walk out and Bart, Muni and the F train is right outside your door. The area is questionable, but the hotel itself it not.	
Oct 21 2009 	Complaint about Concierge desk	We stayed at the Hotel Whitcomb since most of the other hotels were fully booked due to the Oracle Convention. It was the worst hotel experience we've ever had. The rooms were not clean accordingly as it should be. It has old furnishings. The lobby other than its beautiful chandelier was tacky looking with its center rotunda seating. But the worst part of it all was the poor service we received at the Concierge Desk. Their concierge &quot;Jan&quot; was extremely rude, inefficient, and far from someone with the proper customer service skills. She also had such a nervous energy that she made us nervous as well. The restaurant she recommended was horrible. If this is her concept of a good restaurant, &quot;Heaven help that hotel!&quot; Furthermore, when we booked for a car rental, we watched her disconnect the phone line to connect over to the fax line. How ridiculous is that?!. It's like watching a keystone operation. Then later towards the evening when we returned, there were other people ahead who obviously needed some assistance. She bluntly put out her hand to them and yelled &quot;I'M CLOSED!!!&quot; and then turned away. We were totally aghast and shocked. So you can imagine how we felt. We decided to venture out on our own and do our own research. Given this being the situation, why bother having a concierge desk if they are totally useless. We're talking about this taking place shortly before 7pm. What concierge desk closes before 7pm!!! If they had any sense, they should consider revamping their concierge desk to a more professional operation and personnel. This is the WORST HOTEL we have ever stayed at and the WORST SERVICE we have ever experienced. For those considering staying at this hotel...I urge you to reconsider and look at other options.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great space	The Hotel Whitcomb is a great space in an incredibly convenient location. I am an avid city traveler and was in the Bay Area for vacation and Berkeley tour for my 16yr old. The underground is located steps from the hotel and travel was efficient. The Hotel itself is warm and well kept. The room was comfortable and clean. My son and I walked many areas and never felt threatened. I had absolutely no reservations regarding the location…it is in the city and characters are all around. The Hotel staff was extremely helpful and courteous. Tim, the Reservations/Revenue Manager helped me sort out an issue that was really even unrelated to the hotel, it was a snag with my bank card and he was absolutely gracious. I would recommend the hotel to anyone planning a stay in the city, and will be staying there again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Old School Glamour in a great location	We agonised over where to stay in SF, nowhere seemed quite right. Friends had had awful experiences with junkies when staying in the Tenderloin so safety was a concern. In the end we picked this place for the cheap parking and good reviews and had a great time. We paid $20 for an upgrade and got a really classy, plush room on the 6th floor with a view over City Hall (see attached). The lobby is very Algonquin- big and classically stylish. The staff were friendly and we found the Starbucks in the lobby very convenient for coffee and cake runs after knacking days of sightseeing. Location is great - the trolley right outside goes to Castro in one direction and Fisherman's Wharf and shopping district in the other, plus it is flat flat flat. Only complaints are hostile valet parking who told us we had to pay for noon till 4pm though the hotel and said it was fine, and ridiculously expensive internet - like $20 an HOUR or something. Overall well worth it - we had a great stay.	
Oct 17 2009 	Very nice hotel - awful location	It may not be the hotels fault but location is pretty important for a good time. The area this hotel is in is terrifying. Prime example, homeless woman with pants at knees defecating at a bus stop at 4 o'clock in the evening with police just across the street. Nice. Everyone is on crack apparently, most people having conversations/arguements all by themselves. Been through some rough places before but this was an unsafe place to be, especially at night. Best to take taxis.Besides location, i would have rated this hotel as 4 out of 5. Nice decor, clean, good services, free wifi, friendly staff and is actually located near many different public transport lines (just dont expect to meet sane people on board). Like I said before, it may not be the hotels fault but this area made our stay very uncomfortable and we would never return anywhere near here again.	
Oct 16 2009 	Hotel Whitcomb	Very dark and old fashioned. Typical old-style hotel in a big US city. Very noisy first night stayed there, slightly better the second night. 	
Oct 9 2009 	Historic Hotel in the Heart of Town	I stayed 5 days in this hotel with my wife and two 5 year old twin daughters. We were greeted by the doorman with a wide smile and the bell hop was swift with the 8 baggages we had. The room looks classic and clean although slightly small and squeezed for my family and baggages. There was no microwave nor any fridge.Best point was location, location, location - the train and tram stops just outside the hotel. There's also a Walgreen down the block and Burger King across the street. There is a very decent Chinese and Korean cafe round the corner so meals were not an issue.Yes, I would recommend to any business traveler who travels light.	
Oct 7 2009 	Nice place and location in a Great city	Center location in SF with friendly staff. Rooms has a historic feel to it so don't expect modern but still a comforting and nice place to stay. Beds are AWESOME to sleep in really comfortable.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great place to stay	This hotel is great. I stay at this hotel at least once every year. All the staff are very friendly, welcoming and helpful. Great location right near transportation and good restaraunts whether you want fast food, upscale, or a hole in the wall. The rooms are clean and comfortable. It's the only place I stay in San Francisco	
Oct 6 2009 	Always comfortable	My friends and I always go to this hotel every year. Its close to BART and MUNI so you dont need your car to travel. Close to the civic center and the hotel itself is very comfortable. Staff have always been friendly and great.	
Oct 5 2009 	Awsome	I love this place, check in was a breeze and the staff is very friendly and alwys willing to help out.. Rooms were clean and nice will diffently go back the next tiem I vistThank you	
Oct 5 2009 	Excellent Location and facility	I have had the pleasure of staying here for years and really like the changes they continue to make. If you get a chance book a suite and see the wonderful rooms and the hard work they have put into them.The staff by far is the best of any San Francisco hotel and I have stayed at many hotels in the city. None can beat the service and friendlynyess of Hotel Whitcomb.Never have I had a bad meal or drink the bar and restaurant. I also like the new museum of the hotel shistory.	
Oct 4 2009 	Friendly comfortable and close to downtown :)	Stayed for 3 nights at the Hotel Whitcomb. Staff were very friendly, rooms were large and comfortable. Location was good, right near the subway and there was a free shuttle bus you can take across the road which will runs in a loop stopping at down town, near china town and all the way to the wharfs etc. No complaints everything was great! Coffee shop downstairs too was fine for a breakfast snack but had to travel into town for dinner etc.	
Oct 4 2009 	This hotel surprised us	We booked this hotel through HotWire and probably wouldn't have chosen it if we'd been booking directly. A number of reviews talk about the area and it's certainly true that a fair number of homeless people hang out in the streets around it. However, to say that the location is poor would be to not mention that it's only a 10 minute walk from Union Square and there is a BART station right next door (literally 10 minutes) and using this as your route home is an easy way to feel safe.The staff in the hotel were really very helpful indeed. We found our first room quite noisy but they were only too happy to move us to a room facing the back of the hotel. Also, the Bell Man is a real character and sang us show songs as he put our bags into storage on the morning when we had to check out.The rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable. This is a fantastic value hotel which we would totally recommend. Keep your wits about you when you're walking home at night and you'll be fine.	
Sep 30 2009 	thanks rolando!	had a lovely finish to a great tour of california and the southwest. special thanks to rolando at the front desk, who went above and beyond to help me recover my wedding band at furnace creek ranch in death valley. i will definitely be back	
Sep 29 2009 	Good Hotel Bad location	This hotel is really nice old hotel with plenty of charm. A little dated but still comfortable and clean. Unfortunately it's only downfall is its location. It is a few blocks on the wrong side of town and you won't feel very safe walking at night. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The staff at the concierge desk are particularly pleasent and the check in staff are professional, except for one man who has no patients for anyone. He puts me in mind of the 'soup nazi' on the Jerry Seinfeld show.The bar is small and quiet. I would say here again but unfortunately the location is too dodgy and this is the only reason I wouldn't return.I must mention the door man. He's constantly in good humour and is very amusing.	
Sep 29 2009 	Nice hotel dodgy location	I actually hate to be negative about the Whitcomb as the staff were extremely friendly and helpful (especially the singing doorman! ;-), BUT... but but but, the location is really not great. This block of Market St. is quite seedy, and while it's only four blocks or so from the more 'comfortable' parts of Market St., these could seem very long if you were a lone female for instance.Having said that, it could not be handier for the Opheum Theatre, so if 'Wicked' is on your itinerary then go for it!!	
Sep 17 2009 	Would not stay in it again if I have other option	It was a bit late when I try to book my accommodation for the 49th ICAAC meeting. Every other hotel on the hotel list was already fully booked. So, there must be a reason why Whitcomb still has vacancy...! The hotel was said to have lots of history, but this should not be an explanation for being old and poorly maintained.The corridor was dark with too many mirrors, the door of my room was worn, the color in the color TV was anything other than brillant. One of the few electric sockets had no power. For those with power, the electric contact with my computer adaptor was bad. The air-con was very very noisy. It was really lucky that I didn't have to use it because the temperature of San Francisco was comfortable during my stay..And then, the FREE WiFi internet access..It was worse than nothing! The speed was so slow, the signal was so weak, the connection was so unreliable. I got several un-anounced disconnections and lost the whole page of email that I have typed...! I decided that I would rather paid for my internet access in the nearby internet cafe...!!!! Definitely NOT value for money	
Sep 15 2009 	Whitcomb is Best Service Deal and Location in San Francisco	i want to take strong issue with a recent report that Hotel Whitcomb's desk personnel are rude. Nothing could be further from the truth! I've stayed at this fine hotel for 20 years and have found it friendly and superior on all occasions. They can't do enough for you at the Whitcomb, and its location is the most convenient for the city's many attractions, restaurants, theater and movies. Rolando, Bernie, Olga, Clem and the entire staff go beyond the call of duty in caring about their visitors. If you want a great experience in SF, choose the Whitcomb!	
Sep 15 2009 	Nice hotel TERRIBLE LOCATION!!!	The hotel itself is very nice with elegant and traditional decor. The rooms are pleasant and comfortable although the bathrooms are a little tired and old fashioned. The staff are adequate if a little slow. For example, it took 20 mins for the bellman to bring me my luggage from the storage room after check-out. Food in the hotel is also tasteless and bland and to be avoided if possible.The main downside is the location. It is just a couple of blocks on the wrong side of town although easy enough to walk to the city centre or a short trip on the Bart. There are many undesirables hanging around outside or nearby the hotel. I was offered drugs on many occasions outside and on one mid-afternoon a bag snatcher tried to grab my bag as I entered the hotel.I was staying in the hotel on a business trip and unfortunately the hotel was already pre-booked and paid for a conference or I would have moved to a different hotel.The upside is the hotel rates are very reasonable so I guess you get what you pay for but I would definitely avoid anywhere around 7th/8th street or the tenderloin district. I was told by a local, even the locals avoid these areas, especially at night.	
Sep 14 2009 	Perfect hotel for WICKED	Had a wonderful stay at the hotel and would recommend it to anyone who plans to see WICKED on a short trip to the City. We were able to use the street and cable cars for affordable transportation around the Wharf and Union Square area. Although the hotel is old, it was comfortable and clean. The only negative we experienced was Rolando at the Front Desk. He definitely needs some &quot;people skills&quot; to work with ALL kinds of travelers of various socioeconomic backgrounds. The female and Asian gentleman were pleasant and courteous. Rolando on the other hand was somewhat short and in some ways rude. He would cut you off when asking a question by lifting his finger as if to say &quot;shut up.&quot; He seemed inpatient with many of the guests in line and would only smile to a select few...probably based on their looks!!!	
Sep 9 2009 	Beware the Bedbugs..	Hotel Whitcomb is a well located budget hotel with the added bonus of a beautiful historical lobby....provided you are allocated a room without bedbugs. Sadly I was not.All was well with my stay until my third night in town when I woke up in the early hours of the morning to find a large bedbug on my pillow swollen with my blood. In the morning upon checking the room I found another smaller bedbug under my pillow. Upon reporting this I was moved to another room....After speaking to the manager on duty about my belongings he was able to have my clothing laundered...despite the fact he initially denied the need to do this.Now that the bites have come out my arms, shoulders, neck and FACE are covered in welts. I have spent the last few days itchy and miserable and I will be returning home with the unwelcome prospect of trying to sanitise my belongings so these disgusting pests are not introduced into my home.	
Sep 3 2009 	Close to tourist attractions	We stayed 4 nights. Front desk staff very friendly. Location is good as it is close to tourist attractions. However during evening (about 6 PM on), there were alot of homeless wandering souls. Though they kept to themselves, we felt uncomfortable with our young family. During the day, things were fine. The hotel had security at the front door which was reassuring.The hotel has been remodelled to Victorian style. The room was nicely decorated however there were parts in the hotel that looked quite old and run down (fitness center smelled musty and was old looking). Valet Parking is a premium but it was like that everywhere. We ended up getting our car scratched - we think it may have happened here as during the rest of our trip, we were parked in open spaces. The damage was less than our insurance deductible so it was disappointing.The price was right and if you want to stay close to tourist attractions without paying an arm and leg, this place is worth considering.	
Aug 28 2009 	Stay away...unless you enjoy sleeping with bedbugs!	For the price + service, I really wanted to like this place...but two nights into my stay, my hands, feet, and shoulders were covered in bites. It wasn't until the next night when I actually saw a handful of bedbugs crawling around on the sheets + pillows, but it was definitely enough to turn my opinion of the hotel sour. Around midnight we notified the front desk and the staff immediately accommodated us and moved us to another room.....still, no apology was offered! Since we booked through priceline + had prepaid our stay, we decided to suck it up + remain at the hotel. Our new room was free of bedbugs and revealed everything was up to par....but after the persistent itching + the images of those bedbugs crawling around in our sheets, we won't be staying here again.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great value hotel	I needed a week in SF with company travel policy &quot;as cheap as reasonably possible.&quot; Voila the Whitcomb. Rooms ARE small but clean; Front desk staff ARE brusque but willing to help despite that; Restaurant is surprisingly good for dinner service. The location is a little iffy - walk past 5-6 nudie bars on the way to down town - but BART and buses are right outside the door. For $90 a night, you can't beat it. Free internet. Desk staff honor room requests (eg I asked for a higher floor at check-in and they provided it). Clean, quiet and populated mostly with European vacation groups.	
Aug 25 2009 	not good value for money	My son stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and paid the full rate on the hotel website. During his stay he discovered that a lot of the other guests were there on cheap deals at about a third of the price. Consequently, he felt this was reflected in the level of service which was poor. He felt that the area around the hotel was particularly unsafe at night.	
Aug 25 2009 	this is the place I'm staying every time I visit San Francisco.	I really recomend this hotel!!!! It was great, I would definetly recomend anyone to stay here I would also stay here each and everytime I stay in san francisco it was also a great price and verry nice furniture. The receptionest Esmeralda was really nice an helpfull she made sure we were well taken care of. There was not one rude soul in their employees everyone was professional yet nice and kind. The one and only thing I wish would have been diferant was the wait in the morning to get off your floor to check out and I know it's kinda out of there control due to everyone wanting to use it during the busy morning checkout time.	
Aug 23 2009 	The best night sleep I've had in a long time...Great location...Good eats..	The hotel is perfect to do just what we did: go to SF, have a wonderful dinner, walk across the street to see Wicked, get to bed, and wake up ready to head home! The resturant was nice, the food was good (not fanstastic but really good), the piano man could actually play, and the Captain and Coke taste just as good as I have had anywhere else. Actually, the wife had one and had to tame it a bit with some extra Coke! We made it to the theater in about 4 minutes from the hotel, and we said hi to all of the two homeless people we passed. The staff was very friendly and helped us when we asked. There is a Starbucks in the adjoining lobby. It was a perfect getaway for us!The cons: Parking is $28.00, taxes add up ($99.00 room ended being around $150.00 by the time everything added up). The Pepsi machine was out of bottled water - but at a buck a bottle what do you expect....They could use those shower curtain rods that go out from the shower so the curtain is not in the tub and you have some room. Lastly, tighten the electrical outlets because the bathroom one seem to jiggle.	
Aug 17 2009 	Classic Hotel - great price	Built in 1912, beautiful lobby. Amazing price for San Francisco. Small rooms were fine - nothing fancy, but the location and price made up for that.	
Aug 16 2009 	the hotel is ok just avoid the bar/restaurant	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights.The rooms are nice enough, and the hotel staff was friendly and helpful. As mentioned by others her on Tripadvisor, the area around the hotel doesn't feel very safe at night (this was the hotel with the strictest hotel security during our 4-week trip in the USA). On the other hand: it's in a convenient location with the public transport within easy reach,The worst thing about this hotel is its bar/restaurant. We had to wait for almost an hour for our breakfast - and that's very precious time when you have only one day in San Francisco. When the (expensive) breakfast finally arrived it turned out to be very simple - no value for money at all. When we complained about our 'fresh' orange juice not being fresh the (vietnamese?) waitress suddenly didn't understand english anymore. At night we bought the worst margaritas ever - big glasses of salt ice water with a drop of tequila - from a grumpy barman who had already started closing the bar 15 minutes ahead of closing time.Our advice: have breakfast at Sam's Diner just across the street: twice as good for half the price, plus good service. And bring your own booze if you must have a nightcap.	
Aug 12 2009 	Delightful Hotel	I suppose a lot depends on the room you're given but we had a great experience at this hotel. We stayed in room 509 -- a pretty big room with a wonderful view. The hotel is well maintained, you can say elegant--the staff, albeit occaissionally snooty (found a lot of this in SF) was nontheless helpful. And of course it is right across the street from the Orpheum theatre where we picked up tickets our first day there for the play &quot;Wicked.&quot; It's a beautiful theatre and it's the kind of theatre where you can take pictures of the cast and get autographs signed right outside the exit door on the sidewalk! We found the area around the hotel to be safe. We even took the BART and walked back to the hotel around midnight without any fear at all (well, maybe my wife had a little fear).The location is great. We took the F train to Pier 39 and the 71 bus to Golden Gate park. We found our room pretty quiet. Yes, we could hear some traffic downstairs but very little with the window down. And we didn't hear any of our neighbors (people's reviews saying the walls are thin) but I am not sure we had any.A few observations for improvement: The electrical sockets in our room were pretty loose--makes plugging the laptop a little difficult although was able to do so.The Concierge should have someone else helping her out because she is responsible for making tours for guests and also minding the little gift shop. I had to wait 10 minutes to buy something at the gift store because she was helping just one couple with their tours.Overall, I would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 2 2009 	Clean Comfortable Convenient	The Hotel Whitcomb is a great hotel at a bargain price. I am a clean freak, and this hotel was very clean. There were no bugs....bed or any other kind. The furniture is dated, but we did not care. The beds were comfortable. TV was great/ If there was anything we needed, the staff was extremely prompt in responding to our requests. Our room had a huge closet where we stored our luggage, so we had plenty of room to move around. There is air and heat in the room, contrary to other reviews. Our room faced Market Street, and we did hear the traffic, but we were really just in our room to regroup and sleep, so it wasn't a big deal. If you are a light sleeper, request a room that does not face Market Street, or take ear plugs. Les concierge were fabulous, Jan and Ryan. There is a little gift shop with some necessities, also. There were homeless people everywhere we went, not just outside the Whitcomb. In fact, there were very few homeless people outside the Whitcomb, and we felt very safe. It's a great location with public transportation right outside the hotel.We did a lot in San Francisco. The Whitcomb is across the street from the Orpheum where Wicked is showing. If you go over there around 5:00 PM, you can put your name to be drawn in a lottery for two tickets (Orchestra seats!) for $25 each ticket. My daughter won, so we sent my son and daughter to the musical. They had a great time! You can try each day. Be sure you have ID, and if you have a child under 17, you can vouch for him/her. Each person in your family can put his/her name in for the drawing.Buy the pass and get to know public transportation. You do not need a car. San Francisco was great! Eat across the street at Sam's. Good food and attentive servers....I would definitely recommend Hotel Whitcomb, and I am very picky.	
Jul 29 2009 	Good Location Really Comfy Beds	We stayed at the hotel Whitcomb for 3 nights and were very impressed with the comfy beds, great location and price. The bathroom was slightly small and the walls a little bit thin...we could hear the person in the bathroom next door. The air con was very noisy. Opposite a good diner for breakfast and a Muni station right outside and within walking distance of most local attractions. Decor a bit ropey but overall we'd recommend a stay for sightseeing trip for a traveller on a reasonable budget. Although the parking was very expensive at $28 per day.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great location best value	Stayed 2 nights and would definitely return and recommend. Yes, parking is a bit expensive - about $30 but this is San Fransisco and to be expected. It's $70 a night for parking at one of the high end Nob Hill hotels! The ideal tourist location and the great rate (less than $80) made this a no brainer choice. Take the trolley line out front north to the Ferry Building and Fisherman's Wharf. The quality and selection of gourmet foods and goods is not to be missed at the Ferry Bldg's upscale &quot;arcade&quot;. Head south to the Castro at the other end of the trolley line. Take BART to the east bay cities just steps from the front door. Opera house and city hall just 2 or 3 blocks west. Super gracious front desk service. Beautiful lobby and nicely done halls. Old classic SF. Our room upon entry had a bit of a musty odor but that dissipated. However, do not expect: room fridge, big rooms, views from most rooms, spacious bathrooms. But for the great price and location I'll suffer without them. As to some of the less than ideal surrounding area -- yes there are some homeless people, like in many big cities -- but they aren't rabid or dangerous! No I probably wouldn't stroll around after dark if I were a single female, but now days where is that especially safe? Didn't try the restaurant buts friends did and said it was a great value too. I look forward to coming back!	
Jul 25 2009 	I certainly do not recommend this hotel to anybody who expects comfort with tight budget.	Even a refrigerator costs $20 per day. Continental breakfast isn't offered. The room isn't cozy,and the staff doesn't behave lovely as 3 star hotel should provide much relaxation. One of the cons is, of course, its only parking facility is valet parking with $28 fee per day.Even though it's located on downtown, there are many homeless in the area so that you can't stroll in the night time.	
Jul 24 2009 	Charming SF Hotel with Helpful Staff!	Stayed at the Hotel Whitcomb in June for a five day conference. Was very pleasantly surprised by the ease of checking-in with such a large group, as well as the very accomodating staff when we made special requests upon checking-out. Loved the convenience of Starbucks...although they really should do something about the fire alarm going off in the morning. I was told it was related to the cooking of items at Starbucks. My room was perfect! No view, but knowing San Francisco and room rates, I didn't even expect a view....I was at a conference and didn't need one. Everything from the bathroom to the bed linens was absolutely clean. The hall ways were bright and yes, this is old style San Francisco. I enjoyed stepping back in time, with all the conveniences of shopping, the Symphony Hall, restaurants and transit within blocks of the hotel. Having a restaurant and bar right downstairs was also great! My only compaint was the spotty wireless connection. Other than that, no complaints! Thanks for a great stay!	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location but could use a few small improvements	The Whitcomb is in a great location, right on Market Street with direct access to SF public transportation and only a few minutes' walk from the Union Square area. The public facilities (lobby, ballroom and meeting rooms) are nice and well-maintained. However, the guest room I was in was quite small, with just enough room for the two double beds and a desk and not much more, and the bathroom was almost an afterthought (the sink was almost on top of the toilet). Other rooms I was in throughout the weekend all appeared to be larger. There was also the occasional odd odor in the room, but this was not a large issue.The front desk staff occasionally appeared to be overwhelmed, with a line sometimes forming at all hours of the day. At check-in, I had to repeat myself two or three times because I was getting asked the same question.Overall, I would recommend the hotel if you get a good deal on it while staying in San Francisco. I'd suggest that if you get a really small room (like 572), ask for something bigger, because they definitely have rooms that are.	
Jul 16 2009 	-10 Customer Service	My first night the phone would not work; I waited 3 hrs for someone to come by no one showed up; then I find out the radio isn't working either; so they had to send somone by in the morning to provide a wake up call. I reminded them in th emorning I was gone all day; phoen still not working , radio still not working same problem waited three hours no one came by; I finally got the radio to work .....went to bed and to my surprise I was short sheeted !!!!Next day same situation; I was gone all day and they still had not fixed anything. Bed had same sheets on from first day; I called informed the mnager I would be gone and would appreciate it if the phone would be fixed and my bed made made with fresh sheets.I came back at 1030pm; phone and radio fixed; clean sheets were sitting on the end of the bed waiting for me to remake my own bed...DONT KNOW ABOUT YOU BUT WHEN I PAY MORE THAN 150 DOLLARS A DAY I EXPECT MORE OUT OF A HOTEL.I spoke to the manager on duty face to face and he could care less....-10------TERRIBLE PLACE TO STAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 16 2009 	Great stay in the Bay	Lovely hotel - staff were more than helpful. The location was great - on Market street just a quick walk from the Orpheum Theatre and the Civic Centre BART station right outside the front door (very handy). The rooms were clean, bright and airy looked like they were recently redecorated. The beds were so very comfortable. The bathroom was small and the shower made a right mess of water all over ther floor - but nothing a towel couldn't mop up. Other than that it was a lovely hotel	
Jul 16 2009 	Old but charming hotel	We spent only 5 days in San Francisco and a business colleague recommended staying at the Whitcomb. We were told it's not a modern hotel but everything was kept well and staff were friendly and courteous so we booked via our agent who recommended somewhere else but still booked for us.We decided to fore go a taxi and see just how easy it would be to travel to The Whitcomb via their transit system, we were pleasantly surprised how easy and securely we go there just a few steps from the exit of the subway to the entrance of The Whitcomb. The room had an old charm to it, cosy but just right to rest our heads after a long days of shopping and sightseeing. Unfortunately we did not try their lobby restaurant because there is so much in the area to try for all budgets and all within a few steps of The Whitcomb my personal favourite being Starbucks for my morning and evening doses of latte and so convenient there is an entrance right from the lobby of the hotel, it was also a great place to mingle with the locals who came in for their pre work day caffeine fix.Yes, san Francisco has a homeless problem but it's no fault of the hotel's and mostly they ask for change but it's your choice to ignore or acknowledge them but don't let this dter you from walking the street as some of the smaller shops might have some things you might want, supermarket, drugstore, restaurants all within a short walk from The Whitcomb.Unfortunately our business trip this year was canceled to San Francisco but if i were to vacation in the Bay Area, i would definitely stay and have already recommended The Whitcomb after having experienced not only the old Charm of the building itself but of the wonderful staff.	
Jul 16 2009 	Nice Hotel - Put off by the area	The hotel itsel was nice enough. Having a Starbucks in the lobby and a breakfast place (or 2) right across the street helps. The parking is a bit pricey at $28, but I guess it is SF. A couple other reviewers also mentioned this but, at check in the desk clerk basically told me that I probably paid too much ($75) by booking on-line with Travelocity so if you are thinking of staying there call the hotel direct. The area around the hotel is a bit dodgy, but I may be biased b/c I lost my wallet on the street directly outside the hotel and within 30 minutes whoever found it charged up multiple &lt; $25 charges on my cards. Based on that event the night at the hotel was shortened with calls to card companies etc so I wasn't able to truly enjoy the hotel/amenities.The hotel was, however, very understanding and sympathetic to the situation, they comped me 1 night parking, which was unncecessary, but appreciated.I would give it another shot when I get back to SF, but definetly use the public transportation!	
Jul 16 2009 	Overal an outstanding experience	It's an enjoyable time staying at Hotel Whilcomb. The staffs (lobby check in, the house keeper, etc.) were very helpful and friendly. The hotel location was convenient to go to citvic hall, shopping center, and commuting to all tourist locations. We actually can enyor the July 4th firework from our room. The starbucks provides convenience to have breakfast and/or coffee break. The hotel history impresses us. In net, we're very much enjoyed.	
Jul 13 2009 	One of the best deals in San Francisco	So I went with my mom, dad, 2 cousins, 2 sets of aunts/uncles, and 3 grandparents. As u can imagine, a relatively big group. So we went to San Francisco for the 4th of July celebration, and might I add, San Francisco has some sweet fireworks. So more about the hotel, parking is 20 dollars a car per night, with in and out privileges and valet parking. 20 bucks may seem like alot, but parking elsewhere in SF is prolly worse, so actually not a bad deal. The hotel room is relatively, bigger than those motel 8's or whatnot. Its got 2 full size beds i think? Not as big as the queen size but still a decent amount. They have rooms for the elderly, the handicap rooms. And those are convenient for the seniors with even more room and a different bathroom setup, which was quite nice. Its location is decent, but there are no major eating places around it, a few diners across the street thats about it. There is a starbucks under it for all your coffee needs and a pretty good looking restaurant, didn't try it cause it was a little pricey for our tastes, but its there nonetheless. The bathrooms overall were kind of small but its not unbearable, but get the handicap room and its huge (hint hint). It's right off the bart exit so you its easy to get to from out of town of if you're going somewhere like on a business trip and such. There are bus lines just a block or two down, which we used to get down to the docks. It's about a 10 minute bus ride so that's prolly recommended to use if you want to stroll around the bay. It has a story for historic moments in the hotel, as it is an older building but refurbished nicely, for those who want to learn about it. At 7 floors, it is one of the larger hotels in SF, besides those marriotts and others that cost 400 a night, so not a bad deal. There is free wi-fi in there so bring your laptops if you need it! If you need a quick stay in SF, and on a budget so you can't stay in marriotts and stuff, this is the place to go.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great service and convenient	The staff is very friendly and helpful. The room is roomy and the beds are comfortable. We stayed for 7/4 fireworks, the shuttle was only two blocks away, it's very convenient.	
Jul 11 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	I had a very enjoyable stay at the Hotel Whitcomb this week. My room was in good condition, the maid service was friendly and thorough, and check in and check out went smoothly. I especially appreciated the care of the agent at check in who consolidated my two reservations, so that I would not have to move rooms. While the hotel is in a dicey area, the muni station is on the same block so I never had to interact with the homeless too much.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great bargain.....if you're not too picky...	Let's keep this one short. Great hotel for its price. Location kind of out of the centre is no bother at all as you are one step away from public transporation and convenient shops around (such as the F-line, Starbucks, Walgreens, BK, Subway). Rooms are not that large but serve their purpose just fine if you're not going to be in your room all that much to begin with. The rooms are generally in condition, although you can tell it's age by the rust spots here and there. I had no problems with the obvious makeover this hotel has had (which make over apparently did not extend to the service rooms) if you look closely.A plus is also the available wireless internet service. Worked just fine. Just two complaints: one is the noice from the bathroom (a blender makes less noice and you actually have to close the bathroom to be able to still hear the tv). The other one is the apparently every day 05:00 am free wake up call by the laundry service in the alley on the side of the hotel which sounds like the garbage truck passing by, but then for atleast 20 minutes...What's up with that? My wife, who can sleep through a SFO earthquake, had no problems with that btw so if you're not a light sleeper like myself I guess this won't be a bother for everyone. It was for me. All in all however, not enough to decide that I wouldn't stay here again.	
Jun 22 2009 	Pocket-friendly Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights with my friend when I was visiting SFO in Dec 2008. I found it to be one of the most affordable hotels with a fairly good rating on tripadvisor.The hotel has comfortable rooms, very friendly staff and an old world feel to it. Once you are inside you feel that time probably stopped sometime in the 40s.The neighbourhood's ok till about 8 in the vening after which its kind of deserted.I would advise talking a room in the higher floors as the noise of the street - police sirens (really loud) - is quite disturbing in the night. A lot of homeless people on the pavements outside the hotel. If you are a single traveller, it would be better to reach the hotel before 9 in the evening.	
Jun 18 2009 	Very convenient hotel	This hotel is located in front of Civic Center Station. From this hotel, you can easily access everywhere in San Francisco. Because the room was so large and the closet was also very large, we could easily put away our baggages and open the baggages. The staffs were so kind that they taught us how to go to the Golden Gate Bridge in easy English when we asked them the way. However, this hotel is located in Civic Centre where many homeless are walking.On the way to this hotel, we watched a lot of homeless going about begging. The public peace around this hotel seemed to be a little bad.	
Jun 9 2009 	Wonderful time great hotel	We stayed at the Whitcomb hotel , we had a very pleasant stay, tryly it was not what we expected based on other peoples reviews, the location is excellent, starbucks is a plus every morning you don't even have to step out the door of the hotel, the staff was very pleasant and helpful the doorman Larry is very courteous, and always happy.the area was very clean outside the hotel, and no one ever bothered us, if you have visited SF you will find that there is always people hanging out, walking the streets, as for the homeless well, you see it most every where you go. the bart is right outside the door and very convinient if you want to get back and forth to the airport you get off and on with no major problems for less than $ 6 each way, it was actually fun.for the price of the hotel I would stay there again , It's not the Hyatt but the room was very clean and the linens were fresh and clean as for the matress actually very surprised at how comfy it was. I would stay there again. the restaurant food was very good a little pricey but it was good.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great value for money if you're happy to walk for a while or commute to attractions"	I stayed here for 3 nights on our trip through California. Overall, was very impressed with the Hotel Whitcomb, a beautiful building - must have been a very grand hotel back in its day. Yes, it has aged but they have done a great job at keeping it maintained.Rooms are a little small but the beautiful high ceilings certainly make up for it. Bathroom is also a good size and was clean and neat. Beds were super comfortable and big TV. Aircon worked well too!There is a good business center downstairs if you don't have a computer with you ($5 minimum for 20 mins), if you have a laptop, wireless in rooms works ok but can be a little tempremental.Really enjoyed our stay here, however, I would caution anyone travelling on their own that its not the best location to be roaming around on your own after dark. Its in a little bit of a sketchy area of town but the metro stop is literally right outside the door as does the F Line street car which takes you straight down to the Fisherman's Wharf. Location is very close to Union Square only about 5-10 minute walk and 5 minute walk from the Powell Street station where you can catch the cable cars if you want to.My only complaint would be about the restaurant (a little bit too up market for the location and bit too expensive), we are budget travellers (hence our choice to stay at the Hotel Whitcomb) and felt that food wise, it was a little more expensive then what we would have liked. Ended up having Starbucks breakfast most mornings and got Subway in the evenings (just across the road).Apart from that I would definitely recommend the Hotel Whitcomb for any budget travellers out there. Just be aware of the area you are staying in and take precaution after dark.	
Jun 4 2009 	Solid hotel with a good price tag	This was my second stay in Hotel Whitcomb and my experience is practically the same. If you are attending some event in San Francisco, you will most probably need to be close to Moscone Center. Well, I always choose Whitcomb because its is located just 4 blocks from the mentioned convention center. If going to the convention center it will cost you around $7 to go by Taxi, or you can use the bus via the station that is located just in front of the hotel. By foot will take you around 10-15 minutes, but I wouldn't suggest walking after the sun sets down, as it could be a bit &quot;creepy&quot; with all the people on the streets...The hotel was nice, the hallways look like Kubrick's The Shining was shot there, which was definitely a plus for me. The staff is very polite, I would only suggest that the management gets another employee on the reception as checking-in could be a 15-20 minute process with just one receptionist.Rooms are spacious, clean, but the bathroom shower floor really looked disgusting. Technically it wasn't dirty, but it was so worn out that I always placed a towel on the floor and stepped on it while showering. I know that this is one of the older hotels there, but they should &quot;update&quot; these things.I forgot the name of the restaurant in the hotel, but I remember it was much better the previous year. This time when we ordered steaks, first they were extremely charred and when we returned them, we got very rare steaks - the order was medium. They also didn't have some basic side dishes, such as potatoes. I hope that this was just one of their bad days. The restaurant closes at 10 pm, but the bar is open until 11.Overall, when in San Fran for business I would come back to the hotel for the location/price combo. When taking my wife, I would definitely find another place.Yes, one more thing for business travelers. There is WLAN access in the rooms, but the signal was terrible.	
Jun 4 2009 	Wonderful Hotel at a great bargain.	Booked the Whitcomb Hotel directly through their website because they had a great half-price special just when we needed it. $100/nite for a double-double room. The hotel is historical and old, BUT there is no peeling paint or worn carpeting or other signs of it's age. They keep it in tip-top shape! Taking the BART from SFO to Whitcomb Hotel is super simple! Get off at the Civic Center and go to the &quot;8th street exit&quot; escalator, the hotel is 10 steps to your left!! On your return to SFO, if you have luggage, cross market street and find a &quot;down&quot; escalator, or walk 1-block to the elevator at the Civic Center Plaza. Bus and street-car stop is right ouitside the hotel on Market street. &quot;F&quot; street-car takes you all the way down to the warf area and all the way back to hotel!! Powell &amp; Market cable car is 3 stops down from the hotel. Be sure to at least get a Muni pass or a City Passport for unlimited bus/streetcar/cablecar riding. Don't miss the Exploratorium! Wonderful hands-on science exhibits for all ages. My 2-year old LOVED this place! Have your friends see you live over the Exploratorium webcam when you stand at the entrance.  I really enjoyed visiting the Nike Missle Base Museum SF88 across the bay and walking around the old gun battery emplacements overlooking the bay. Nike bas is open wed-fri, but special open house is 1st saturday of every month.	
Jun 4 2009 	Always a wonderful stay at the Whitcomb the satff makes us feel like family !!!	i would like to say that the Whitcomnb is my favorite place to stay in SF the buliding is very comfortable and I ove the historical feeling of staying there , When we stay at the Whitcomb we especially enjoy your friendly staff Rolando and Olga always make us feel as though we are at home and we look forwqrd to seeing them each time we arrive , The staff is very professional and very helpfull in whatever we need for our stay we also enjoy the convesation and we always look to them for point of interist in SF , I strongly recommend this hotel to family and friends and have brought family and friends to the hotel for the weekend and they also enjoy the friendly reception and the good nature of the staff all staff. . always a pleasure .	
Jun 3 2009 	Decent Hotel - Shady Neoghborhood	It was our first trip to San Francisco we used our Thank you points to book. This was one of the recommended hotels. There were Bumms every block. The hotel was nice but location was tooo close to the Tenderloin(sp) District. Rooms and bathrooms need updateing badly!! Stay at the Fairmont or St Frances	
Jun 3 2009 	Ok rooms in a dodgy area	We love SFO. The hotel is very close to the trams/bus stop, in fact just 1 min walk away. I say that was a blessing(read on) and very convenient. What a brilliant idea to have Starbucks just next to the hotel. You could always grab a coffee and muffin to go. The car park service was extortion, each night we had to look for a new place to park our car. Cheap to park between Harrison Street and 7th Street, cost 12 dollars perday. We darent go out after 8 pm especially parallel to the hotel, 5th, 6th, 8th and 9th street intersecting Market Street, somedays we see dodgy deals going on even in the morning. Dont go to the hotel restaurant, the food were average and they charged 15% service charge despite it clearly states on the menu that 'service charge 15% for party of 5 or more' We refused to pay the service charge and thankfully they quickly got us the correct bill. If we were to go to SFO again, I probably wont stay in the same area, cause we felt uncomfortable going back to the hotel after 8pm.	
Jun 1 2009 	Unfortunate Location	Hotel is very convenient to BART stops that run up and down market street. However, if you are going to walk the city, or walk to Union Square, 8th--5th and Market are some of the WORST sidewalks to commute due to homeless / run-aways / Adult Theaters / etc... Currently, I live in Philadelphia and I am used to 'City Life' but the areas between 8th--5th and Market Street are uncomfortably gruesome. If you stay at the Whitecomb please use the BART stop Civic Center and UN Plaza when exiting the terminal as it will put you a few steps from the front door of the Hotel. I would not recommend this hotel to a friend simply because of the location.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Value Price Service...Good Location..	A friend and I stayed at this Hotel from May 9-May 14th. We paid 99 dollars/night for the room. (two doubles).We had no problems with the cleaning staff. The rooms were always cleaned, supplies refreshed, and everything in its proper place. Check in and check out were a breeze, and the service at the front desk was excellent. We wanted to split our bill in half, and that was easily accommodated.The location of this hotel is a double edged sword. On the one hand, it has a MUNI and a BART stop right in front of the hotel. ( San Frans local and regional transit system respectively). This means you can get from the airport to the hotel for under 6 dollars one way, and not have to go far to use the MUNI ( local transit system). It is close to downtown, Union Square, all the shopping, etc by transit, and it is walkable.*but more on that later* It is extremely close to United Nations Plaza (where there is farmer's market 2 times a week). And did I mention the Starbucks in the lobby of the hotel?The decor of the hotel is beautiful, as well as the rooms. The Lobby is particularly impressive.On the downside...this hotel is located just south of Tenderloin, a gritty, sketchy area of San Francisco. There are homeless people, and there are vagrants who will beg for money. I'm not sure if I'd recommend this hotel for my sister (if she were travelling alone), and I sure as heck wouldn't want her walking to the hotel at night. Again, because the transit stops right outside, that concern is mitigated. In short, I'd be ok walking to and from this hotel in the day, and early evening. At night, I'd be very alert, not want to be walking for more than 15 mins, or just take transit back. Due to the stop right outside the door...transit is a cheap and convenient option.However, because of the neighbourhood, the hotel is cheaper than it should be...if that makes sense. The same hotel, in another area, would easily be twice as expensive, if not more.Internet access was available in the lobby, as well as a fitness centre.Would I stay in this hotel again? For the price I paid, YES. The service was great, the rooms clean, and all the advantages of its location ( transit, closeness to downtown, etc), easily outweigh the fact that it's ON THE BORDER ( not even IN a sketchy part of town). If you're used to an urban environment, and all the social problems that can come with it ( such as homelessness), this hotel and environment should pose no concerns to you.	
May 29 2009 	If you want to feel the comfort away from home this is the Hotel for u!	I recommend this hotel highly. Between the months of Jan-May my friends and I have stayed at this hotel I would say atleast 12-15 nights during the weekends! We come from out of town and the staff here is excellent, always willing to help and give you tips...Be prepared for the lobby to be busy most of the time. It is cozy and very very interesting if you enjoy the buildings with history. Very clean, very quiet and the rooms are a great size, just ask and you shall receive. The starbucks and Market Grill restaurant downstairs is wonderful and very very convenient. I would definately recommend that you ask for OLGA or ROLANDO at the front desk-These two are a great team and they are there to make your stay the best you've ever had. The are friendly and very helpful and they are determined to get to know you as if you where family. Your next stay with Whitcomb and OLGA &amp; ROLANDO you will feel a warm welcome back as if you where family. What are you waiting for GO!!!! Trish California!	
May 27 2009 	I do not recommend to any woman	The main problem with this hotel - aside from the inconsiderate and dismissing staff - is its location. There are homeless people sleeping, urinating and begging all around the hotel. The worst thing is - that the homeless people around the hotel are vulgar and harass hotel guests and other passers-by. I stayed at the hotel for 6 days for business and every morning as I went to my meetings, I was 'greeted' by homeless men shouting out obscenities in line with &quot;Hey, lady, I would do this and this to your this and that all night long...&quot; It was terrible! I did not feel safe at all and the staff was not accommodating one bit. Additionally, the housekeeping was lax and I had to keep making calls to the front desk requesting shampoo, soap and other necessities because the housekeeping routinely failed to leave these in the room.	
May 23 2009	Tons of atmosphere in a great location	My daughter and I stayed 5 nights at Hotel Whitcomb during her spring break. My husband suggested this hotel because of the special rate at the time and the fact that the BART stopped right outside. When we saw the pictures on their web site we were both psyched to stay there. It turned out to be a great choice for us. I didn't want the bother of parking a rental car in SF. We took the BART from the airport and got a Muni Passport which allowed us unlimited rides on the cable cars, buses and the subway. Right outside the hotel was a stop for buses and cable cars, down stairs was the subway. With the map the hotel provided we could find our way to anywhere in the city. The hotel was charming, clean and except for sirens, quiet. The staff was friendly. Our room was small, but the beds were super comfortable. We joked that we had a suite. The closet was really big and we used it for a changing room. The only thing we missed in the room was a coffee maker. However, there is a Starbucks downstairs and a couple of places the next block down that had even better coffe and a great selection of doughnuts. There are good places to eat across the street - Sam's Diner, Munch Haven Cafe. Even though I am from a tiny town, I never felt threatened outside. A special bonus - Wicked was playing at the Orpheum on the next block across the street. We both had a fantastic time!I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 22 2009 	Do Not Stay Here if you Book through Travelocity	We stayed last weekend and it was clearly stated when we checked in that we had booked through Travelocity. Our reservation clearly stated a King size bed but we were given a room with a Queen. We went down to the front desk and were informed that with Travelocity the bed type is a request and not a guarantee - despite the fact that it clearly stated King size bed in black and white on the printed reservation confirmation. The front desk people were rude and treated us rudely. When I pushed for a room with a King size bed, the clerk finally called a Manager up who looked at us, keyed in some password and just kept on walking. I travel every week on business and stay at the nicer hotels like Marriott and Sheraton. I have never been treated so poorly and with such disdain.	
May 21 2009 	A Dump but not horrible for the price	The rooms are small and the hotel is a little beaten up, but overall if you get it for a good rate it is workable. The location is good, but it is in a crap area after dark. All in all it is easy to access, cheap and clean. If your looking for anything more than that look for another hotel, but for the basics, it works fine.PS ask for a room off of Market St. The street lights are very bright and you can here the street noise clearly	
May 20 2009 	Decent basic level accommodation in an expensive city	We only stayed one night here on honeymoon before going on a week's trip to Hawaii and simply wanted somewhere not very expensive to spend a night. In this regard the hotel fitted the bill. The room was old fashioned and basic, and reasonably clean. The amenities were not as good as I'd like though. We arrived from the airport late at night and I was very thirsty and wanted a drink, but the only option (there was no hotel bar open and no minibar) was to wander the floors looking for a vending machine/ice machine. There was only 1 on each floor and the first couple I found were broken so I had to visit several floors just to get a drink. To get food we had to call a delivery company for a pizza. The location is quite &quot;interesting&quot;, not far from some of the dodgy areas of SF, so you wouldn't want to wonder around outside at night. During the day it's fine although you will likely get beggers asking for money if you're obviously a tourist. I asked the hotel if they would store a spare suitcase (we didn't need all our luggage in Hawaii) for the week we were away and they refused to do so. They said they didn't have anywhere to store it, which seems pretty hard to believe in such a huge building. So instead we asked the Hotel Kabuki (where we stayed on our return) if they would do this and they were more than happy to help. So a definite black mark against the Whitcomb and a gold star to the Kabuki. Upon check-out I would say that the hotel were good in that they helped me do an online check-in for our flight from their business room. Overall this hotel was adequate in that it gave us a fairly cheap place to spend a night. However I thought the overall experience/lack of facilities matched the price we paid and therefore I would only recommend it to those travelling on a tight budget.	
May 12 2009 	Bad location decent rooms	We stayed at the Whitcomb hotel since it's location on the map was great. What we didn't know was that the neighbourhood is full of crackheads and homeless people. If you plan on taking long walks from/to the hotel, you'll have to plan your routes since it's easy to end up in e.g. Tenderloin which is not a nice place. The rooms where quite small but clean and nice looking. The hotel itself was also nice. When it comes to service I can't say that we where impressed. The guy checking us in was almost rude and we thought about letting the manager know... I really can't recommend this hotel due to location. Don't be fooled when looking on the map... But if you like to hang out with crackheads and give a lot of change to homeless people, this is the location for you!	
May 4 2009 	Reasonable price and easy commuting	I stayed there over the Christmas of 2008. The place is in downtown. I can access to a lot of places by using the public transportation. The room and bathroom is small however they are clean and neat. At night, you will see a lot of homeless people on street. However, those public transportation are very close to the hotel. When you walk out from subway/train, the hotel is right on the side. At first I was kind of scare with the homeless people, but then later on I realize that they do not bother tourists.The moment when I walked into the hotel, I feel safe and the security guards are doing a good job in keep the place safe for the people who stay in there. You can get Starbucks coffee in the morning because the store is in the hotel.I am not the type of person who demand a lot from room service. I just need a room to sleep and my room has to be cleaned everyday. To me, I think they did their best. The staffs in the hotel are friendly and approachable. Their check-in and check-out are easy and fast.I would recommend people who is on the budget in traveling and looking for a place to stay. If you are looking for fancy, big room with coffee pot and other accessories, I don't think this is the place you are looking for. I can do grocery for my needs easily because there is a grocery store (I think it's Rite Aid) near by but they close in the evening. I would stay there again with the rate that I paid for.	
Apr 30 2009 	Location location...-	We stayed at this place April 09. Pros: rate was $99/night! double bed, good mattresses, clean. Cons: small/utilitarian bathroom, very noisy evry night till about 2 AM ( firefighters, police, ambulances) as we were on Market St side although on the 6th floor. First night we had a couple yelling and beating each other until wee hours of the morning, it gives you an idea about phonic insulation. Biggest drawback was the distance- 15-17 min walking- to the cable car and the fact that the area is unsafe after 7-8 PM ( You do have a choice to take the street car). We like to walk a lot on foot to know a place however people with bizzare behavior will approach you , etc, not a pleasant experience especially when you are in vacation. Weekends are worse because all bussinesses are shut down. Altogether the hotel itself couldn't compensate for the decrepit surroundings. If they would invest in a small area for children's play/movie viewing etc perhaps it would be something to consider going back for if the price is still right. Hmm, perhaps I would still look for another location first.	
Apr 30 2009 	A good place to stay in San Francisco	This is a really lovely hotel and the staff are very obliging and polite - and the bed very comfortable!! It has bags of character.It is situated about a 10 minute walk from Union Square and 3 minutes from City HallThe immediate surrounding area is a little grim but nothing to worry about. It is easy to get to Fishermans Wharf from here by just jumping on a bus. Also you can easily get to the airport from here as the station is more or less outside the hotel. It is about half an hour on the train and costs $6.I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 23 2009 	A Day in San Francisco...	Arrived in the city around 10am and we were able to park our car in the lot early. The staff (valet, front desk, restaurant) was very polite and helpful. Excellent service. After sightseeing for most of the afternoon we went back to the hotel to check in. Our room was on the 6th floor facing Market. A little noisy with the windows open, but the weather was on the cool side so once the windows were closed it was very quiet. Clean room, and quite spacious for a SF hotel. We requested a queen but ended up with 2 doubles- which was fine because we were only there for one night. If you are planning on seeing a play at the Orpheum this hotel is VERY convenient. We saw Wicked in the evening and the walk back to the hotel was about 2 minutes- which is a good thing because it's not the best of neighborhoods. During the day it's fine but I wouldn't walk too far at night. If you don't mind walking this is a great hotel because it's not far from Union Square and other popular areas of SF.	
Apr 20 2009 	wonderful whitcomb	we stayed for 3 nights at the end of a trip to california.we booked this hotel mainly due to its location to the public transport links as we wanted to get around as quickly as possible to see as much of sf as we could. the bart/train station was as near as you could get, just outside the door - making an easy trip from the airport. there is also a tram and bus stop outside.on arrival we were greeted with a smile and checked into our room immediately. sure the rooms aren't huge but it was clean and just what we wanted - kingsize bed, tv and good size closet to put our 3 huge cases in. the only bad points were lack of kettle/coffee making service (probably due to starbucks next door) and very poor internet connection - we really struggled to get a connection and had to have the laptop in a specific spot without moving it).the concierge/doorman was very helpful with our questions on how to get to different places and was never without a smile or a song. in fact all staff we encountered were most helpful and most importantly were very friendly -(i am aware the manager regularly reviews these reviews and if he reads this, would like him to pass our thanks to all staff working 9th - 12th april who made our stay a great one).the hotel had a lovely old fashioned feel to it and had more character than most motels/hotels we had stayed in. it was within very easy walking distance to all the main shops and the cable car at powell street and only 30mins to the ferrys for alcatraz! the golden gate bridge was a bit of a bigger journey but well worth it. as was the golden gate park - we got a cab there for bout $11, where we went to the japanese tea garden which was beautiful.sure there are homeless people in the area making it daunting out at night - but it is in the centre of a big city and i would expect this could be seen anywhere in the world - you just need to make sure you know where you're going at night and not to flash cash or valuables. we walked back from a bar in the financial district one evening without anyone approaching us at all. there was always a member of staff in the lobby from early evening so it was very safe. we loved our stay here which made our experience to sf a wonderful one and cannot wait to return.	
Apr 17 2009 	Simply Amazing.	The Hotel Whitcomb is always an amazing stay. I travel to San Francisco a lot, and I always stay here. It is very clean, the service is amazing, and it is located on Market St. downtown San Francisco, a very great location. I took my friends whom had never been to San Francisco, and they loved it. They said the hotel couldn't be placed in any better location and would love to stay there again. There is a man by the name of Rolando who works at the front desk, he always helps me out, gets me checked in and ready to go. And is one of the best staff members I have ever seen. The concierge and doorman are also always very helpful.	
Apr 13 2009 	Beautiful hotel right on mass transit line	The Hotel Whitcomb was a welcome sight - a beautiful older hotel that I love in San Francisco. My husband said &quot;Wow&quot; when he saw the pictures. Room (a double double) was good size, bathroom has been redone, and price could not be beat. Take the BART from SFO or OAK and it drops you off at your door. Never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a trolley and underground train is on the corner - you can get anywhere you want fast! The neighborhood is sketch for 2-3 blocks of Market, but a lovely farmer's market at UN Square. Felt OK walking during the day, made a point to get home (with my 16 yr old son) before 9pm each night. Did carry-on, so great that hotel provided shampoo, conditioner and lotion. Nice bed, pillows and linens. Concierge and doorman very helpful. Sam's breakfast diner right across the street served good food at good prices (for San Fran).	
Apr 13 2009 	Cool Hotel Classic San Francisco Amazing Staff Great Location	We took a group of teens to visit univeristies and to day tour San Francisco. The hotel whitcomb staff was amazing. Everything was ready when we checked in - hotel rooms assigned and names on the key. They gave us a great area in the lobby to meet with our group.The location is wonderful - especially travelling with teens. You are walking distance to Union Square and China Town and MUNI is literally right outside the door. The good thing- with teens- is that it's far enough from Union Square where they don't feel comfortable outside alone so they are not tempted to sneak out. The hotel is old, but very cool - the rooms are not huge, some larger than others, but they do have some of the most comfortable beds I have ever stayed in. I love the set up of the hotel with high ceilings and plenty of elevators so you aren't in a long line for one, which is especially important when travelling with a group. I will use the Hotel Whitcomb again for future visits to San Francisco.	
Apr 12 2009 	Nice place to stay!	My wife and I needed to get to the city to recharge our batteries. I was born and raised there but now live in Central California. The area is not like I remember it. It still has it's share of problems but for the most part the changes that the city has made are fantastic. The Hotel is charming, with a very comfortable &quot;lived in feel&quot;. The lobby is grand yet not too over the top. Just right for San Francisco. We were close to everything, either by BART, bus or even on foot. The best food and shopping in the area is about 5 blocks away at the San Francisco center. The service was great, but the beds were a little too firm. We will be back, but next time we will upgrade to one of the Suites.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Stay at The Hotel Whitcomb	My boyfriend and I had a great stay here. Very friendly service from all of the hotel staff, especially the front desk. We had a very cute room. The Hotel itself is a masterpiece, beautiful historic hotel. My boyfriend even commented that he liked it. Make sure you check out the hall of history. It's in a great location, just on the fringe of downtown. It's like the epicenter of mass transit, and SF has a great system! It's very easy to get down to Fisherman's Wharf, and you can walk to Union Square. Lots of nightlife within blocks, so no expensive cab rides home if you want to go to a nightclub. There's also some great, inexpensive restaurants really close. You can consult the concierge for any information, maps or directions. They also have some really awesome tours!! Thanks Hotel Whitcomb, for making our stay worthwhile! We had a great time.	
Apr 7 2009 	Pleasant stay very charming hotel; though too bad I got a smoking room	We booked this hotel in Summer 2007. The ex- and interior of the hotel are superb, it looks very nice and luxurious. I really like it from the second I walked in. Though we had some minor problems with the reservation; we reserved a non-smoking room but ended up getting a smoking room. I told them that my brother was astmatic (which isn't true, but they can't tell from the outside, lol.), but they weren't prepared to give us a non-smoking room. That's why I gave the service two dots. The location is okay, it's on Market Street.. Though a little too much homeless people crowding around there (not that they bothered/annoyed me or anything!). The rooms were really fantastic. We booked two rooms, I have to say that one room was better than the other, but they were both really nice, and, of course, clean. Above all, they also had their own parking lot. +1 for the parking attendants, they were very helpful and took care of everything!	
Apr 6 2009 	Awesome! Best kept secret. Negative reviews have it all wrong.	This is my fourth time staying here. I used to come here when it was the Ramada Plaza Hotel prior to 2006. The rooms were even more beautiful than I remembered. It was clean and beautifully furnished. The lobby is beautiful and overall this is an impressive hotel, aside even from the fantastic value. I think this is the best value in SF. Hotel Whitcomb is clean, elegant, vintage and located in downtown SF. The valet parking wasn't even that pricey at $28 compared to another place i stayed in Embarcadero that charged $40 a day. I would recommend Whitcomb to everybody, or maybe I'd keep it a secret just for me.	
Apr 6 2009 	A very nice surprise	My sister got a last-minute booking through Orbitz and we didn't know what to expect for the bargain price. We were both pleasantly surprised by the elegant lobby and spacious, nicely furnished room. The bed was comfortable and all the furnishings and fixtures were updated and functional without taking away from the charm of the classic architecture. The valet parking staff were friendly, efficient, and very helpful in advising us on the best routes to our destinations. The fitness room is modest but sufficient. Next time I return, I will skip the rental car, save the $28/day parking, and use the conveniently-located public transportation (and walk-- lots within walking distance).	
Mar 28 2009 	Beware of this hotel!! - Do not use your credit card to reserve!!	Made a reservation for the Whitcomb for a New Years vacation. Mad reservation in Sept but looked again for better hotel rates in Dec and found a great deal at The Triton so called to cancel the Whitcomb. Got the cancellation emailed back no problem. Come March I find that my card was charged over $100 for not showing up. I have been in touch with the Whitcomb several times to remedy this and they did refund my $, but nobody really seems to care and nobody apologized. These guys suck. Their attitude about this has been incredibly poor like it is my fault I got screwed because I did not come to stay at their overpriced worn out dump of a hotel when I got a better deal somewhere else. They promised me a letter to give to the FRAUD DEPARTMENT at my bank and it has taken over ten days so far and no letter. If you really have your heart set on staying here I would recommend just burning a hundred dollar bill, stay at home, and avoid the future hassle.	
Mar 26 2009 	bad service	The service was bad when I checked in and bad when I checked out! Food was good in Market street grill. Room was clean. Checkin took to long and the people were rude. I will not be back nor will I recommend this hotel. - K	
Mar 25 2009 	Has Bed Bugs In Sheets	We got to the hotel, which from the outside doesn't seem that bad. That is until you try to go to sleep in one of their beds. First of all, there were stains on my sheets, and hair in them. However, I woke up and my legs were bitten up. I went down to the front desk and they played dumb of course. They offered me another room which doesn't have internet access because the wireless points are too weak. Then they told me the wireless in the whole building wasn't working, which was a lie because I walked with my laptop around and it worked elsewhere. Even then in our new room, the room is filthy, the sheets have hair in them, and the bathroom has mold. If you really don't have the money to get another hotel, then Hotel Whitcomb might be your only option. But beware, I wouldn't pay any more than 40$ a night to stay here. I'm sure they will retort this review and apologize publicly and say please let us know if we can help you. But they had that chance to fix this entirely and wouldn't. I'd steer clear of this one and we won't be staying here again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Worn out	The hotel lobby is very nice and the staff was very helpful but the room was small with views of an apartment building. The tub needs to be reglazed and there was mold all over the bathroom. The bed was worn out and pillows were flat. The location is not the best. You do not want to walk around this area at night. Check out time is 12 noon but had the cleaning lady knock on our door at 8am asking when were leaving. Two things I found that I liked about this hotel was that there is a starbucks next to the hotel and entrance to the train is just a few steps away.	
Mar 11 2009 	BDay Extravaganza!!!!	A couple of my best girlfriends and I stayed at the Hotel Whitcomb for my birthday and it was completely fabulous. I didn't really know what to expect before we got there but when we arrived we were surpirsed at how beautiful the building was and how close it was to everything. Not to mention the staff; they were excellent and very prompt to any need that we had whether it was more towels or an extra pillow. It was a great value and I know that the next time I go to San Fran I will be staying there again! Thanks for a great bday weekend~	
Mar 10 2009 	San Francisco in a Nutshell	I was so pleased with my stay at the Whitcomb. The hotel has so much character and charm, it was easy to feel at home. The staff was more than accommodating and the room was a perfect set up for us. Union Square was just a short walk away and the public transportation lines were right outside the hotel so it was easy to make our way around the city.I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to anyone looking for a comfortable and convenient weekend in SF. You really can't beat the value you'll get with the Whitcomb.	
Mar 9 2009 	Looking for a value hotel?? Choose the Whitcomb!!	I'm currently staying the Whitcomb in one of the Petite Double rooms. For only $69 a night this hotel is absolutely unbeatable.OK, the location may not be ideal due to it's closeness to the Tenderloin and City Hall but with the BART, the F-Line Tram and Bus lines all stopping outside of the hotel who cares?? It's also an easy 5 mintues walk and you're at the Westfield shopping centre or 10 minutes and you're at Union square. Other than that there's a Walgreen's, Subway within a minutes walk and a Starbucks in the lobby... essentials covered right??The rooms are clean and tidy and seem to have been renovated very recently with all new furniture. They also have independant air-con, free HBO, WiFi and all those toiletrie products you usually only get in 'fancy' hotels.I also came in after a long flight from Australia and the man at the desk made is best efforts to put me in the quietest room available... other than a couple of sirens and the odd motorbike I heard nothing!Michelle at the concierge desk knows more about San Fran than I thought possible and is more than willing to help!As I said earlier... if you're after a cheap but comfortable stay then the Whitcomb is for you!!	
Mar 8 2009 	Perfect Location for the City	A friend and myself visited San Francisco for 4 days. We booked rooms at the Whitcomb through Orbitz and had a very reasonable rate for staying in the City. The hotel is classic and the rooms were quite nice with high ceilings and fully furnished. The bathrooms are huge. It is an historic hotel and with that you would expect high ceilings and larger rooms and that is what you get. At check in, I requested rooms at the front of the hotel overlooking Market St. I am so glad I did that. We both had rooms with a view of City Hall and at night it was wonderful to have this view. As is typical of older city hotels, this hotel does have rooms that overlook nothing or a wall. Always ask for rooms at the front of the building. The Starbucks in the lobby is quite nice and the service is totally fast Starbucks. Other people here have reviewed this hotel and complained about the homeless population around the hotel. Well, guess what? There are homeless everywhere in San Francisco, this is NOT a reflection of this hotel. The neighborhood is safe and equal to any in the City. The transportation outside the front door is wonderful, you can go ANYWHERE in the City from this hotel front door. My encounters with the concierge desk were wonderful. They were friendly and quite helpful, AND they knew what they were talking about. There was no &quot;Hmm, I don't know&quot;. It was like staying in a hotel in Europe for me, the hallways were huge, so old style. And the elevators were there in seconds. They all worked and did the job well. The staff was friendly and helpful. Thank you for a nice stay. Only problem I could come up with is that the internet service seem to be overwhelmed, so slow to download, but that is the fault of the service that they contract with, they could try another service. And I was on the 6th floor and the ice machine was missing, so I had to hoof it to the 5th or 7th floor for ice. But maintenance is maintenance.	
Mar 4 2009	More luxurious than you would expect from a 3-star hotel.	Beautiful hotel and in a very convenient location. You can go outside and hop in a taxi, jump on the street car, walk a few short blocks to the tram or underground.The room was decorated with modern furnishings and linens. The bed was very comfortable. My room had 2 queen beds and a very large bathroom with a massage shower head.If you get the included breakfast, you'll be very pleased because it is a delicious feast!Money saving tip: There is an internet cafe directly across the street that is much cheaper than the business center, but take note that it is not always open during posted business hours.	
Mar 4 2009 	I will be back	My Room Mate and I were going into the city for a Concert, We found the Whitcomb to be very close to all the attractions and near the Fillmore, our concert venue. My Room mate had never really hung out in the city so the location was perfect for us to go shopping and eating.Upon check in the parking was very easy, very nice young man valeted my car, and remembered me everytime I walked outside.The room looked modern, I could see people working on rooms down the hall, so I think they were redoing them. The room was very clean and comfortable. We went to the Lobby lounge for a drink that night, it was very inviting, I usually feel wierd walking into a strange bar, but not this time, the bartender was nice too.All in All I thought all the staff were Great and will defenately be back.	
Mar 4 2009 	Great place to stay in San Francisco!	I stayed in the Hotel Whitcomb for 5 nights and everything was just perfect! My room and bathroom was bright and clean, and I had a lovely view of one of the sloping streets of SF! The hotel is in a great location, only a couple of blocks from the main shopping area in town. There's a BART station and streetcar stop just outside the hotel, so I was well-connected with the rest of the city. I used their parking service and this was great, with my car being returned to me quickly whenever I needed it. This hotel is a great find, so close to everything and such good value for money. I will return to the Whitcomb!	
Mar 3 2009 	Gorgeous hotel with unbelievable customer service!	Salsa Candela of Austin TX stayed at the Whitcomb as part of a Salsa Rueda Festival. This hotel far surpassed our expectations. Great location steps from BART, amazing customer service, amenities and price. The neighborhood requires a bit of street savvy. Rolando @ reception was especially excellent. Security guys were awesome.	
Mar 1 2009 	Girls weekend a success - Great service great price excellent service	My girlfriends and I were planning a girls weekend but needed an afforable place that was in a good location close to restaurants bars and shopping. Hotel Whitcomb was perfect. We were able to walk to the best shopping areas and bart was right outside the hotel and if you needed a taxis the concier would flag us a cab so we wouldn't have to wait outside ourselves. The rooms were very clean and the service was above and beyond. It had free high speed internet, a fitness area and a starbucks in the hotel.Oh and if you go to this hotel you have to go into the piano bar/restaurant in the hotel for a drink or two because the bartender serves you tasty potatoe chips with hummus with you drinks...we ended up going to the hotel bar each night to start of the evening. We definitely will be returning to this hotel every time we come to San Francisco.	
Feb 28 2009 	Horrible hotel	Awful experience! Expected this to be a much better place since it was a &quot;historic hotel&quot;. The entrance and lobby were historic looking. The rest was plain old &amp; worn out. The night we checked in we were given 2 double rooms that were supposed to be connected. We had reserved 2 king rooms that were supposed to be connected. After about 30 minutes back at the front desk, we were given 2 king rooms down the hall from each other. We went back up to our rooms only to find the keys didn't work. Turns out the key machine wasn't working. We had to be let into our rooms by one of the staff. We didn't have working keys until the middle of the next morning. Our alarm clock didn't work, and I told the housekeeping staff and was told they would take care of it. I ended up taking the clock down to the front desk 2 days later only to have to wait to get it myself 3 hours later and take it up to the room. Housekeeping only left 1 or none washcloths in our room every day despite leaving 3 hand towels and 3 bathtowels every day. Fortunately, the other room had 4 to 5 washclothes every day so we could borrow. The room looked and felt dirty, and the noise level in the hall every night kept us awake. The concierge staff was very rude and acted like we were bothering them the 3 days we stopped by. The best part of the whole experience was the bell staff. Very helpful and friendly. The restaurant was very over priced and didn't have much selection. Not very good for families with small children. We tried to get a table on Saturday night and were told initially that since we didn't have reservations, we couldn't be seated. Then were seated in a very dark corner of the place. We should of opted to go to another place. Service was very bad. The only other bright spot was the elderly gentleman that played the piano in the lounge. The homeless people aroung the area were very overwhelming. We walked home from a restaurant about 8 blocks from the hotel one night and didn't feel safe at all. We will never stay here again, nor will we recommend it to anyone else.	
Feb 27 2009 	Wonderful experiance	Beautiful room and quiet. Great beds, nice linens. Nice to have a Starbucks right in the lobby. Lounge was nice for a couple drinks, or dining. Housekeepers very friendly and helpful.	
Feb 19 2009 	A great place to stay when visiting SF.	This was a great place to stay when visiting SF. It cost far less than comparable places and the front desk and service was excellent.	
Feb 10 2009 	Hotel Whitcomb is charming convenient and a great value	I must say that in these difficult financial times, it's refreshing to find a true value. You may know that you can pay upwards of $300-$400 per night for a quality hotel room in San Francisco. The Hotel Whitocomb is a fraction of that and offers a quality, romantic San Francisco Flavor. The location is fantastic, with easy access to the theater district, muni and bart. The charm of the old hotel is warming upon entering the beautiful lobby, and the staff are quite accommodating and helpful. I would encourage you to try this uniquely &quot;San Franciscan&quot; experience. It's well worth the price of admission.Rick	
Feb 10 2009 	Wonderful Visit	I had an enjoyable stay. The room was very clean, the staff warm and friendly, and the hotel was centrally located for all my outings in the city. I highly recommend the Whitcomb.	
Feb 9 2009 	Perfect	This hotel in an incredible value for the price. The elegance of this historic hotel is disceiving. You think it should cost lots more. I travelled alone , from the East Coast, so safety was paramount. The staff and private security firm were freindly, helpful, and responsive. The adjoining Starbucks was perfect for my East Coast internal time clock and the Restaurant's Hotel, Market Street Grill, was also an incredible value for fresh gourmet cuisine with never having to leave the Hotel. I didn't have to spend my travel budget on a nice hotel...I could do the little extras that make a visit to San Fransico an unforgetable experience! Thank you, Hotel Whitcomb.	
Feb 3 2009 	Terrible hotel	This is a terrible place to stay for several reasons:- although centrally located, homeless crowd the streets at that specific region- all the staff is very rude!! Before we arrive, we warned the hotel that we would arrive earlier and they told us that it would be no problem because our rooms were already available. When I reached the front desk to check in, the attendant ( I think his name was Rene), without looking at me, told me that I could not check in because it was too early. Only after 30 minutes, he decided to check us in.- The valet service is terrible. Every time I needed my car, i had to wait at least 10 minutes until someone appears. And it cost almost USD 30 per day.- the hotel is old and dirty. The room, sofas and couchs in the main hall were so dirty, it looks like that they have never been cleaned. - the breakfast was ridiculous. They give you a ticket and, wtih it, you are entitled to a muffin, an orange juice and a very small piece of a fruit (half of a banana, for instance).- my room was so noisy that it was very difficult to sleep. Every night there were two guys from the staff hotel talking and laughing all night long.Do not stay in this hotel. You have several other good options in San Francisco	
Jan 28 2009 	No problem except for amount on credit card	Coming from South Africa we needed a hotel that was quite close to the conference we had to attend and of course, with our bad exchange rate, quite reasonable. You do get what you pay for but we found the rooms clean, the bedding fresh and the staff, excluding one or two at the front desk, quite friendly. I would have stayed at this hotel again BUT on receiving my credit card account in back South AfricaI noted that nearly $40's had been added on to the original quoted account. Living so far away I suppose that I will receive no reaction on my e-mail query and no refund. We did not make use of any amenity or room service. The only thing that happened was that we were locked out of our room because front desk blocked our key card as the staff member who registered us could not count the days of our stay correctly. This did not happen to my colleague. So I suppose I were then charged higher rates? My colleague was charged the quoted rates. Therefore I have to warn all potential guests - check your account!	
Jan 13 2009 	Budget bargin...	What a perfect way to spend Christmas &amp; New Year with friends and come back a second time that year to SF from Edinburgh. We got a bargin from a very good London travel agent staying at the Whitcombe for 10 nights over the festive season. Bargin it was. The price almost doubled for this hotel, which is not worth it, during the coming months to December.The hotel itself has a grand entrance, marble and chanderliers, excellent having starbucks next door. Lifesaver. Try not to check-in too late in the afternoon as the reception was very busy. BEWARE: This hotel holds a deposit on each room and puts a stop on any credit/debit card! This was explained for any incidentals i.e. pay-per-view telly, restaurant, (not recommended, expensive and better in a diner downtown, go to Lori's Diners for breakfast), the amount for each room was a staggering $500 for each room! Ridiculous. I explained that I did not pocess a credit/debit card and they were trying to put it on my friends card, who luckily did not the excess of $1000. They say it reduces each day but it took them at least five to do antyhing about it upon complaining. So avoid any embaressing restaurant moments when your card is rejected, as the hotel has your money! Also be aware of them charging $220 for smoking in your room. I must admit that the smell in my hotel corridor could me high from suspect substances being smoked alone. My room for myself was fine for all the time I was in it. Cleaned everyday, fresh towels, sheets etc replaced. Had no complaints about that. Remember first time visitors the hotel is not greatly placed, very near the avoidable Tenderloin across the road. Do not go if the homeless upset you. Found no hassle though. If this comes up as a bargin again I may think about but I'd go for an apartment to share with friends in Telegraph hill the next time. Worked out just a bit more for comfort, worth a look. Go to Lou's on the square in Washington Sq. for great cocktails and company, she's an awesome trooper.	
Jan 6 2009 	Know what you pay for.	My boyfriend and I stayed here during a stop on our road trip down the coast. I paid about $70 for a non-smoking room with a queen bed, which was advertised as 50% off the original price (~$140) on Hotels.com the week after Thanksgiving 2008. I thought, &quot;Wow...it's 50% off and it's a historic hotel. I'm there.&quot; I checked the reviews on TripAdvisor and saw that it recieved mediocre reviews mostly due to its poor parking situation and room conditions. I thought I'd give it a go anyway.A few days before I was supposed to arrive at Hotel Whitcomb, I called to push my reservation back a day. That was easy. I checked to see what its current rates were after I hung up. My room was still going for about $70 at regular price! I got duped. I'm usually good about recognizing a phony &quot;sale&quot;, but this time I didn't.Here's the fun part - figuring out where to park when you DO get to the hotel! First of all, San Francisco is disorienting. There was no where for us to stop the car and see where either the public parking or valet was. There were no plainly posted signs! After circling around for awhile trying to find parking, my boyfriend, who was driving, tried the alley between Hotel Whitcomb and the building next door. It took us right to valet parking! Whitcomb needs to put a sign somewhere, seriously. After that fun experience, we figured we'd pay the $28/day for valet. At the registrars desk is a sign that says valet is $28/day plus tax...its website never mentioned tax! I was determined to keep an open mind about the rest of the hotel. The lobby level looks nice. There is antique looking furniture (or at least non-pressboard with veneer furniture) and many chandeliers. The elevators have a special ding when the doors open. The room (at least ours) looked fitting for a historic hotel room. Though, upon closer inspection I noticed the furniture was pressboard with veneer. Don't let this deter you. I was expecting there to be furniture from the time period it was built. (I stayed at a historic house in York, England that had antique furniture.) Expecting antique furniture for a $70 room (in a hotel with 460 rooms) wasn't realistic.My real beef with the room was there was one washcloth (for two registered guests...we had to call the front desk twice the first of two nights to get them to bring more and they still only left one the second night), the space around the sink faucet wasn't clean and had a hair stuck to it (I cleaned it myself), the bathroom door wouldn't shut because the latch was stuck in the door, there were stains on our blanket duvet, and no free breakfast (not even continental) was offered. Also, down the hall from us were a group of college-aged looking people who were noisy (and we are 23 ourselves!)One good thing that sort of counterbalanced some of the bad, was the concierge. Michelle, who is the gift shop cashier and the hotel concierge, is fantastic! She grew up in San Francisco and knows it quite well. She knows what's worth seeing and what's plain touristy. She can make a public transportation route based on your activities for the day. Even though SF's public transportation is really good, it was really confusing. Michelle's help was valuable because my boyfriend and I only had one day in SF and we hadn't done much research.So here's the breakdown...1. If you plan on driving here, know the parking situation.2. Don't expect much for $70.3. Don't expect elegancy. Though it portrays itself as elegant, it is not - evidenced by the staff's and the hotel resident's mannerisms, and also by the homeless outside.4. The cleanliness is iffy inside the rooms.Remember...do research before chosing any hotel, motel, inn, B&amp;B, etc.!	
Jan 5 2009	Nedd a hotel in San Fran? try this one!!!	Recently traveled to San Fran &amp; while The Hotel Whitcombe is not in the upmarket area of this great city, this hotel is still great value. It situated near what I think is called the Tenderloin district we are a couple of what are called OLDIES &amp; we were never harassed or had a problem with the street people.. We were able to walk down to Union Sq in such a short time to dine,shop or just check the city out on foot.. Transport is right outside hotel all is easy to get around with.. Special mention to our favourite diner SAMS opposite great for breakfast or late snacks. Cheap to dine as well, service is pleasant nice friendly staff. sadly we cant remember the lovely Korean owners name but she was tops.we wish them well..If your going to San Francisco GO PAY A VISIT you will be rrewarded.. Once again I thank TRIP ADVISOR for the info that lead us to this Hotel..	
Dec 24 2008	Did not like Whitcomb	Just spent five nights in Whitcomb, San Francisco. Go for Whitcomb if you can't afford anything better (although it is not much cheaper). Yes, the historic building is beautifu, staff was helpful with day tours and directions....but my room was depressing; dirty carpeting, stained bed cover and day pillow, deformed lamps; bathroom looked new, but wasn't that clean. And location...yes, it is right next to BART and MUNI station and bus and street car stops and five min away from Asian museum, but within a homeless peoples' vicinity....they come for cofee or just for warmth to the Starbacks accessable from the hotel's lobby...honestly, not too pleasant....	
Dec 22 2008 	Mixed Review	Stayed at Hotel Whitcomb for 4 nights. Was somehow upgraded to a suite which was a nice surprise. However, it was a corner room and a bit noisey...it is in the heart of San Francisco but I was glad I brought sleeping pills. Read other reviews regarding location and yes it is on the edge of the tenderloin but if Castro was your destination there is no problem or the City Hall area just don't walk to Union square or directly behind the hotel.Another small problem on the third day was an accidental fall in the bathtub. The tubs are really old and very worn which results in a very slick surface. It looked as if this may have happened before as there were several holes where it seemed the shower curtain was rehung and tile missing. I told the front desk they needed to rehang the shower curtain and bring a rubber bathmat. This took two calls. Told the manager on the last day and he was nice enough to offer a complimentary breakfast but we were leaving that morning. For the AAA special it was well worth it just watch the tubs or call for a mat.	
Dec 2 2008 	Kinda Nice But....	This is a hotel designated as a &quot;Historic Hotel of America&quot; and I won't argue with that but be warned that this is a building needing a bit of a renovation. The service of the staff was fine however walking to our room I was kind of struck by the moldy/mildew smell of the hallways. The room was nice, although being over Market St we at times felt like the traffic and street sounds were in our room. Light sleepers beware! The bathroom was big and had the look of having been partially renovated in the 70s. The loose tiles, mildew on the caulking made you think a newer renovation was due. Lastly, and other commentors have said this, Market Street at this spot in particular isn't pretty. Having to dodge the panhandlers each day was a hassle and in the evening seeing an obvious prostitute hanging in front of the entrance kind of made me wince. I recommend that if you have a choice stay in a SF neighborhood away from downtown. Public transportation is great in SF and that is where SF looks and feels best.	
Nov 21 2008 	Genuinely neat place!	I can honestly say that I have probably spent more nights in the Whitcomb than any person on the planet! As a result of my responsibilities with a large event at the end of june in SF, I am fortunate to have the Whitcomb to call home for nearly a month each year (for 9 years now!)The StaffThe Whitcomb has the friendliest hotel staff in SF! Though my visits are typically 11 months apart, the front desk staff actually remembers my name! Olga and Kazi are the best, they continually go out of their way to make me feel welcome (even though my stays are sometimes at a financial loss to the property) Check In has always been a breeze and the few times i've had requests they've been handled expeditiously. The Propertywhile i agree with some reviewers that the hotel's location isnt ideal, i've never been made to feel unsafe. i routinely walk from the property to locations throughout Civic Center Plaza and have come back to the property as late as 3am on occasion and never felt threatened. The hotel does and incredible job of being a &quot;diamond in the rough&quot; Additionally, with the Orpheum theater directly accross the street its not un common to see people dressed to the nines milling about at late hours when the shows get out. Also i had the incredible fortune of being at the hotel when they were holding rehersal for Hairspray the musical in the ballroom off the lobby... What an opportunity to hear worldclass performers rehearsing!! Also, if you so desire - the Burger King across the street is an unusual but fun place to get an autograph or two after the shows as you almost ALWAYS find hungry actors and actresses there after their performance next door at the orpheum. That being said - if you have a desire to get out of the civic center to the more heavily populated tourist areas, you literally have an entrance to MUNI and BART at your doorstep. While many reviewers have mentioned the availability of the F street car its much more practical to grab BART or the MUNI underground. You'll find that the MUNI underground is much faster than the F street car. You can literally grab any &quot;inbound&quot; muni from the hotel and be in Union Square in 2 min (the next stop inbound from the hotel is Powell) the best part is it only costs $1.50! If you want to go up to Fishermans Wharf you can always MUNI to Powell and grab a cable car there for an aweful lot of fun! Basically you get the benefits of staying in an overpriced tourist trap in union square or SOMA or Embarcadaro without the steep price I really see this as a major pro not a con at all!!The RoomsI cant speak highly enough about the comfort of the rooms. If you are looking for marble bathrooms and granite counters look elsewhere, but if you are looking for a clean comfortable room with old San Francisco charm then this is the place for you. The beds are amongst the most comfortable i've ever slept in and the bathrooms are functional. Every room i've stayed in (and i've stayed in plenty!!) have oversized clostes. Each room has a desk and some have a side table and reading type chair as well. All of the rooms have a nice bright paint job and remind me of boutique hotels in downtown london. Honestly, this place isnt the Ritz but you get amazing value at this world class property. Hang out in the lobby if you get the chance and take in the amazing marble and crystal chandaliers. Grab a bite and a drink at the Market Street Grill (their crab cakes are great!)	
Nov 18 2008 	great hotel	was a bit worried as we had read bad reviews but i think they must of been at a different hotel went there for our 25 wedding anniversary staff were lovely and very helpful security at night was good lovely room kept lovely and clean great location very handy for bart there was homeless but we never felt threatened overall a lovely stay and would definitly stay again thanks for a lovely two weeks	
Nov 12 2008 	Great hotel for an excellent price	I stayed at the Hotel Whitcomb for 4 nights in Jan 08 and I was quite impressed with the hotel.I had been in San Francisco a few times before, so I knew exactly what the area was like, I had often considered staying at the hotel when it was a Ramada.Check-in was rather painless, which was good as I had just gotten off a flight from Dublin via London and was pretty wrecked. My bags were still in London, which didn't really put me in the best of moods.My first impression of the room and the corridors was that it was an old hotel, but was well looked after. The room itself was fine and the bathroom was also fine, if a bit small.I was on a 2 city holday, San Francisco and Las Vegas, so my 4 days were split into 1 day before going to Las Vegas and 3 after returning from Las Vegas.The hotel is right beside an F-line stop, which is handy for getting to Fishermans Wharf etc.There was a slight problem on my return to the hotel after my trip to Vegas due to the fact that due to me turning up a day late, my reservation had actually been cancelled, however, the receptionist was able to find the reservation and re-activate it.The Starbucks in the hotel was also very handy, as I was able to get a Machiato before getting on the tram for Pier 39Overall, I would recommend this hotel and I am considering staying here again on my next trip to San Francisco.	
Nov 10 2008	comfortable but...	well...in general, it looks like a pretty nice and comfortable hotel...the goods:-comfortable bed, clean room...the bads:- however, this hotel is located on the 8th street...which is the zone bordering the more sleezy/dodgy area in SF city...every night we'll hear police cars, ambulances, fire engines zooming past...- one night, while i was unpacking with my girlfriend..we heard this 3 loud thumps on the door! and there was no one! *creepy*- the room + toilet had wallpapers that were tearing off...revealed some old yellowish stained wallpapers...when we left the hotel, that's when we realised...the hotel has been gazetted as a heritage monument type building...and 40 years ago...it was a hospital-cum-mortuary!!!! YIKES! and it's common that people hear footsteps and someone calling them in the middle of the night! DOUBLE YIKES!!now i'm wondering whether the loud knocks on the wall was even human...*gulp*	
Nov 10 2008 	Our Honeymoon Night	My Husband and I had a Horrific Time getting married (including a mugging and a robbery), this hotel was WONDERFUL! Their prices are extremely reasonable (esp. for the quality of the hotel). The rooms were great. The staff was professional....I couldn't recommend them more!	
Nov 10 2008 	Old Hotel but the History is Amazing	We had a great time&gt; The hotel is in walking distance to everything. The staff were very very helpful and friendly. The rooms I found small but clean and nicely decorated. Would stay again. Lots of homeless people but they never bothered us at all. See you on our next trip to San Fran!!	
Nov 10 2008	Hotel Whitcomb Honesty	Our stay at the Hotel Whitcomb for a San Francisco wedding was comfortable, friendly and enjoyable. The folks at the desk were helpful and the parking attendants willing to put up with our frequent trips in and out of the lot.I was especially impressed with the honesty and helpfulness of the staff . I had an unusually large amount of cash that had been paid back to me and mistakenly left it in my glasses case in a drawer in the room where we stayed. I didn't discover this until we had driven out of the city. We returned to the Hotel and still couldn't find it, but within a half an hour, I got a call that the item had been found. No money was missing and the staff was quite supportive of me and my agitation. They treated me respectfully and did all they could to be of assitance. I appreciate the Hotel, the management and the staff.Barbara Penny Garberville, CA	
Nov 2 2008 	Credit Crunch Whitcomb	OK so after reviewing some of the comments made here I opted to book the Whitcomb and would not raise expectations. On arrival at this Art-Deco hotel you can really see that the Hotel has a lot of stories to tell, grand wood panels and the like adourn the reception with a small seating area. Check in was quick and I was off to my room on the 3rd floor. As a frequent business traveller and no stranger to staying in a whole raft of hotels I was not phased by this room, 2 queen beds a walk in wardrobe, free Wi-Fi and a ...... bathroom with no blinds, yes I had a room that overlooked Market street and the bathroom window also had a view of Market Street, OK the window was frosted but I had no desire to shower (no tub) for the viewing public. I asked the front desk if there was another room and was told that I had one of the best rooms as it was a disabled persons room and were generally bigger than others. The area as expected was rather seedy and as such one did not wonder past the front doors after dark, Starbucks was a life saver as was the free Wi-Fi and I elected to stay one night and made use of the Wi-Fi to find an alernative hotel for the remainder of my 5 days. Rounding up the hotel does what it says on the tin, if you are here on a budget and are not too worried about the neighbour hood then you should have a reasonable time at the Whitcomb. I do however urge the managment to address some basic needs as the rooms are tired and could do with some refurbishment in keeping with the hotels history, I would also like to see the Citys authorities be pro-active in sorting out the homeless folk outside and the surrounding area its a real shame as this is a real problem	
Nov 2 2008 	Nice Old Hotel Not a great area	Got a good rate through Priceline and got into our room at 11:30 amso was pleased with that.Room was very clean and wireless worked wellStaff was friendly and helpful with tour options etc.Lots of homeless persons around but no one bothered us. We walked to the cable car and tour bus departure points without feeling in any danger. Nighttime would be another matter.	
Nov 1 2008 	Good but not superb	The service at the hotel was good. The room was spacious and clean. The bathroom was not very big, but it was clean. The only disadvantage were the noises you could here inside your room. Both from outside (police cars for example) as from inside the hotel (neighbours).	
Oct 31 2008 	Don't go out at night.	I booked this hotel because of the reasonable price and close proximity to public transportation. Like many other reviewers, my husband and I were both concerned about the location, particularly the panhandlers and some somewhat unsavory street vendors on Market St. near the hotel. A friend who has lived in San Francisco for a couple of years described the neighborhood as somewhere where &quot;you are safe during the day, but stay in a group at night.&quot; That seemed fair enough. Keep your bag close to you, and be prepared to say &quot;Not today,&quot; to a range of people attempting to get your money through begging or selling things you really don't want (poorly written homeless activism newspapers, bootleg hip hop CDs, etc.).That being said, the access to public transportation makes it such that it's relatively easy to avoid these problems with a little planning ahead. The Civic Center BART station and the F Train (which will take you to Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf, Ferries and Castro) are within a few feet of the hotel door, and once you are on the train or in the station, you have much less to worry about. The hotel is between 8th and 9th streets, and I found that if you get off at the 9th St. F Train platform, you had to deal with fewer problems on the streets themselves. What a difference a block makes.I had a few minor concerns about the hotel itself. It could have been cleaner. There were some suspect things on the floor of the bathroom that weren't cleaned until I made sure to leave a towel on top of them so that they would be picked up with the towels. We were there for six nights, and on two of them we had to request wash rags and a bathmat, because housekeeping only left towels and hand towels in the bathroom. Housekeeping was relatively prompt about bringing these items when we requested them, but you really shouldn't have to request things like linens in a hotel.That being said, overall the rooms were tastefully appointed. I have stayed in nicer rooms, but I've also stayed in much less savory places. The staff were always friendly and courteous, and they were quick to refund our money when we had difficulty using the Internet Cafe area.	
Oct 27 2008 	Very scary area and rude staff	When I booked this hotel, I realized that the area would not be great, but I didn't realize that I would actually be scared walking around by myself. I live in a big city and am very comfortable walking around almost anywhere. I have traveled alone extensively in the U.S., Europe and Central America and have never felt so unsafe. About one block from the area (between the hotel and Union Square), there were very few tourists/business people. Instead of leaving my luggage at the hotel so I could walk around before my red-eye flight, I actually asked the people at another hotel (Grand Hyatt) to keep it for me because I was afraid to walk around by myself near the Whitcomb so late at night.If the area surrounding the hotel was the only issue I had, I would not be writing this review. While I wish the hotel's website stated clearly that it was located in an unsafe area, I do not feel that the hotel management can be blamed for what street people do around their hotel. What I do blame the hotel for is its terrible customer service. I was treated so unkindly by the front desk staff that I was upset all day and would never consider recommending this hotel or going back. This experience actually ruined a trip that I had enjoyed up until the last day. In all of my years traveling around the world, I have never been so unimpressed with a hotel staff's ability to show basic kindness, let alone good customer service, to its clients. Considering that I have stayed in 1 star hotels overseas and been perfectly happy, I am quite amazed that I had such a negative experience at a reputable hotel in a major U.S. city.	
Oct 26 2008 	Not a great location	Hotel choices were limited in San Francisco due to a major convention and marathon. Hotel Whitcomb is located on Market Street. It is near a BART station, that was convient when taking the train from the airport. The hotel door was literally steps from the station.I really enjoyed my stay, but I wish the hotel had been closer to shopping and Fisherman's Wharf. The neighborhood that the hotel is in is not so great. I didn't feel very safe walking around, and took taxis home at night. Also in order to get to any areas by Fisherman's Wharf a cab is essential or if you plan on doing any shopping. There isn't a lot of places around the hotel for food or drinks, if you don't count the various Gentlemen's Clubs.Despite the less desirable location the rooms were clean, reasonable, and there was a Starbucks in the lobby. There also was a bar and grill in the hotel, but didn't have time to try it out.	
Oct 26 2008 	A Grand piece of History	I only deduct one star because of the location. A beautiful grand hotel like no other. The staff wil treat you like you are at a FIVE star hotel. The rooms were clean and comfy. Yes, some renovating will need to be addressed, but you can overlook for the history of the hotel. We did leave early because of the location and moved to another hotel. The area has boarded up buildings, mens clubs and groups of young men and homeless roaming the street. It you don't go out after dark it is &quot;probably &quot; OK.The inside cafe was wonderful, and lovely to have a very busy Starbucks inside as well.It is an experience to stay here, and I was not unhappy when we left.Thank you Whitcomb staff for your super experience, front dest, hotel operator and conciere.	
Oct 24 2008 	Nice Hotel Not So Nice Location	First and foremost, I rely heavily on tripadvisor reviews for all my trips. I take the time to read pages of reviews, dating back months or longer, then make a decision. I make it a habit of returing the favor and write reviews of places we stay. I have for years. The vast majority of reviews for this hotel are right on. But it is not the hotel, it is the area. And unfortuately for this hotel, the area comes with it.I visited San Francisco 5 years ago and lived in the outlying suburbs from 1981-1985. I booked this hotel due to the fact that my older daughter was staying here with a group of runners, participating in the Nike Womans Marathon. The bottom line is, the hotel is a great, older boutique style hotel with character and flavor. Our room was small, but typical of older, city hotels. Just like New York. It accomodated myself, my wife and my 15 year old daughter just fine. In fact, the hotel is not the problem. The problem is what is outside the front door and anyone booking this hotel should be aware of the area that it is in. It is on the edge of the Tenderloin district. It is no secret that this area of Market Street and the Civic Center is a haven for the homeless, those with apparent mental illness (albeit functional) and a large amount of the city's dregs of society. This is NOT a tourist area. I certainly understand this is not the hotel's fault, but if this website is to provide information to prospective guests, then those guests should be well informed. After arriving and checking in, we decided to walk to the Powell Street Cable Car turnaround. This is 4 blocks from the hotel. These are the cable cars that take you to Fisherman's Wharf and Aquatic Park, by Ghiradelli Square. Walking to Union Square would have been another 2 blocks longer. It was about dusk, maybe 630pm. I am a 20 yr veteran police officer in New Jersey, an hour south of New York City. I am not easily intimidated, but can sense when things are not right and am ALWAYS protective of myself and my family. Our walk lasted 2 maybe 3 blocks. I was so uncomfortable walking with my wife and teenage daughter, that we turned around and hurried back to the hotel. Flagging down a cab was useless. There were so many creepy, sketchy people hanging out, panhandling and eyeballing us. People getting high, dealing drugs and drinking out of brown bags. One guy asked me what time it was, and I could only infer that he got a glimpse of a fairly expensive watch I was wearing with a short sleeve t shirt. 20 yards later, I put the watch in my pocket and told my wife to do the same with hers. The hotel even gives its guests safety guidelines geared to the area it is in, in the hotel information book in the rooms. We stood out like sore thumbs. We got back to the hotel and told the desk we were uncomfortable walking to the cable car stop and could they call us a cab. The desk simply said to step outside and hail one. (Thanks for the help). Well, I tried that, and again was approached by several homeless asking for money as well as car service drivers hawking people for rides. Not pleasant. With that, I reluctantly got my car out of the valet service and we drove to Fisherman's Wharf and a few other spots around the city. This is not what I wanted to do. The next morning we checked out. Our stay was supposed to be for 4 nights. One was enough. And again, the hotel is fine, but why stay somewhere on vacation and feel intimidated and apprehensive when you walk out the front door.I am sure the hotel management will respond and state the city of San Francisco is aware of the homeless, the panhandling and the drug addicts and sketchy alcoholics and seedy characters that congregate and linger on Market Street in the area of the Civic Center, which is directly across the street from this hotel, and they are actively trying to do something about it. But the fact is, this is San Francisco, and it is a liberal city that is much more tolerant of this type of problem than other major cities, and it is not going away anytime soon. That is unfortunate for this hotel and I cannot possibly recommend staying here, especially with young children. As I stated previously, my older daughter also stayed in the Hotel Whitcomb with a group of runners in town for the Nike Woman's Marathon. She works in Manhattan and walks 10 blocks every day from the Port Authority on 42nd Street. Even she said this area is way worse then what she sees on a daily basis in NYC. She stayed with us in another hotel the last 2 nights. This review is an honest insight about a nice hotel that is in a not so nice area of San Francisco.	
Oct 15 2008 	Wonderful Old Hotel	The hotel is on the Histroic Hotels of America and it belongs there. It is a beautiful old hotel with all the modern convenenices your looking for. The only thins that need update are the carpet in rooms and the bathrooms. There was no place on the vaity for personal items and the hole in the drain was large so if you drop a piece of jewlery in there it's gone. Besides that the beds were super comfortable and the sheets and comforter new. Hotel is right outside the MUNI station and you walk one leavel down and the BART is right there to. Across the sreet you have a burger king which was gross and Sam's Diner. Fodd was alright but prices are high like anywhere in the city. Try the spicy sausage omlette it's $10.00 but tastes really good. Inside the hotel is another resturant which is really expensive we didn't eat there as an omlette was 14 bucks. There is also a Starbucks inside the hotel too. At the back of the hotel there is an Internet Cafe $5 for 30 min. If you get a chance take a trip up to the eight floor it looks like a pyscho ward the hotel used to be a temp city hall and in the basement there are still prison cells. Not something you find in every hotel but entertaining to see the actual history of the place. The outside looks a little run down but the inside is amazing it's marble and carved wood and glass. So pretty. Rates were good for October. We would definently stay there again just not with the people we went to San Francisco with.	
Oct 3 2008	HOTEL WHITCOMB SAN FRANCISCO	We stayed at the Hotel Whitcomb in early September. The staff there were very friendly, consierge was helpful with planning our trip to Napa and Sonoma and the hotel lobby was very elegant. However, the hotel could use some updates with the rooms. The sheets were torn, floor tiles were brokes, walls needed updating. The exercise room treadmill was broke and the weight machines were broke as well. I didnt report these problems because they were not that big of an issue for us but just noticed that it could use a &quot;facelift&quot;. The hotel has a Starbucks in it so this was helpful in the mornings, as we are not big breakfast eaters, so we could just grab some coffee and something light for breakfast. I do not think the homeless issue was as bad as the reviews i have read. There was one homeless person that had drifted into the ladies bathroom. I immediately told the manager and it was taken care of right away. There might have been one homeless man out front and off to the side of the hotel, but he did hot bother anyone.  We were not in our hotel that much as we get up early in the morning and usually did not get back to our hotel until evening. We got a good rate for the hotel as they price matched our rate from another company.	
Sep 14 2008 	A GREAT find!	My partner and I reserved a room for a four-night stay at another San Fran hotel. However, the reviews for the other hotel on TripAdvisor were not very good, so (at the last minute!) we canceled our other reservation and took an available room at the Whitcomb. This property is a total gem and a wonderful find! Personally, I LOVE historic hotels and this is grand, old San Francisco. Our room was very elegantly decorated, very clean and the bed very, very comfortable. The maid service was also great. The concierge, in addition, was ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL! The front desk staff seemed a little frustrated at their computer system, but they were very good to us. When I return to San Fran in a couple of months on business I will surely stay there again. **I will say, though, that the only reason I'm giving my review 4 stars and not 5 stars has to do with the porter. We dealt with two porters: an extremely kind and helpful gentleman from east Africa and a snotty, 20-something white kid. My partner is from Latin America and has a slight Spanish accent. He is, however, Ivy League educated and speaks perfect English. The 20-something porter was so insultingly patronizing to my partner that I became rather upset. All in all, though, it was a wonderful stay and a great property.	
Sep 2 2008 	What a deception	We returned from 3 days at Whitcomb SF with our 2 kids. We arrived near 11pm due to a unexpected delay at ALAMO at the airport (2 hours wait for the rental car delivery!),and surprise, our confirmed reservation for 4 people was unknown by the front desk. Solving this problem was apparently not the staff priority, and we finaly slept in a room for 2 people with one additionnal bed; the day after, we moved to a room for 4 people but luggage transfer was not taken into account as proposed by staff, and I had to move all our stuff.To conclude: no friendly and efficient staff, hotel's location far from points of interests and environment worrying after the nightfall: a little convincing value for money.	
Aug 27 2008	Great Stay!	I had a wonderful stay at the Witcomb. I was there for a conference, and I felt very well taken care of. The location is very convenient for catching the bus/trolly to just about anywhere in SF. The room was very clean, and I liked the atmosphere.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great nostalgia	We arrived with a late check-in with no problems. Our room was ready, and we availed ourselves of the valet parking even at close to midnight. We were in town for the Outside Lands festival, so we didn't spend a lot of time in our room. The hotel is lovely and quite nostalgic. The lobby is spectacular with gorgeous granite and marble carvings, a lovely carved wood ceiling and beautiful stained glass. Our room, on the 7th floor, didn't have much of a view, but we did request a quiet room. Had we faced Market Street, it would've been noisier. Our room had great, high ceilings and way more character than chain hotels. Public transit is just steps from the front entrance. We did not try the hotel restaurant because we are usually late to bed and late to rise, so it was closed for breakfast and dinner when we normally would have eaten ( after 11 AM and after 11 PM -- reasonable.. we just have weird eating habits). Our room was great. Bed was comfy. LOTS of pillows. Nicely furnished. Our bathroom was quite spacious, but I think because this is an older hotel, the rooms shapes and sizes vary. A/C wasn't overly cool, but kept us comfy enough. SF has very high room taxes which, of course, the hotel doesn't control. Just keep this in mind and add it to your budget. We did enjoy Sam's Diner across the street. Again, watch out for the added &quot;service charge&quot; of 15%. Good food, but, I guess, no need to figure your own tip since they effectively add it to the bill. Thanks, Hotel Whitmore. Another reason we decided to stay here, despite all of the homeless in this part of the city ( not the hotel's fault) was the attention paid to customer service. I noticed that the manager responds to reviews, both positive and negative, here on TripAdvisor, That tells me they care about their reputation. And, I found that their actions and their words are one and the same. Great experience!	
Aug 24 2008 	Two issues to consider about the Whitcomb	It was very interesting to stay at the hotel I had read so much about in these reviews before travelling thereFor me there re two main issues here(1) The Hotel and (2) The Neighbourhood(1) The hotel is absolutely fine. I booked 2 rooms for my party and I was pretty pleased with them. Rooms were clean and bed linen changed ever day. Hotel appears to be built in the Edwardian period and probably suffers as a result. For example the electrics went off in one of the room due to overloading of the circuit when the hair straightners were plugged in. This was mentioned to staff who dealt with it immediately and it wasn’t a problem at all. The building probably need rewiring, re-plumbing etc but this would undoubtedly cost millions and would probably be uneconomic to do so on the part of the owners. However no complaints about the whitcomb hotel itself(2) The Neighbourhood- I was very surprised by number of destitute people and those appearing to suffer mental illness on the streets of San Francisco. This hotel is in an area that is full of these people. I never had a problem with anybody myself, but I can understand why this issue has been brought up so much in previous reviews on this hotel. My party consisted of my wife and my 3 young girls, who are 10, 12 and 14, and I know that they felt a little uneasy about the area. If this hotel was literally 500 yards east of where it is, say from Mason Street onwards, where the main shopping area begins, then this hotel would probably be receiving rave reviewsHowever its not, and that is probably reflected in the price they charge. It is nevertheless in a good geographical position to get around the city, and public transport is almost right outside. Starbucks is next to the hotel and anyone wanting a decent breakfast should try “Sams” which is directly opposite the hotelWould I book again- yes I would. Its not the hotels fault that there is destitution on the streets, but this issue shouldn’t be overplayed and I would be prepared to stay there again. Those who are a little bit more sensitive to the down and outs, should perhaps look elsewhere.	
Aug 22 2008 	Be very aware of the location	This is a lovely restored hotel on Market Street in San Fancisco. The problem is that it's the wrong end of Market Street. It's a good price for the center of San Fran but only go out at night with a minder. And don't use their valet car parking service -they'll damage your car.	
Aug 17 2008 	Problem free stay	Overall our stay was satisfactory. We didn't experience any problems.Even though we arrived the hotel early, we were able to check in. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Especially the lady at concierge thrived to help us whenever we asked for something. The hotel is very close to public transportation. There is a BART/MUNI metro station just outside of the hotel and across the street there is a street car stop. However, when we first got out from the hotel, we were scared a little bit because of many homeless people loitering around. Later on we got used to this scenery. The pros continue with the Strarbucks which has an entrance inside the hotel. We had our breakfast there. Hotel restaurant seemed good but we have never had a chance to eat there. Our room was cleaned, and towels were changed everyday. The only problem was that they came too early to clean. If you forget to hang &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign, they will knock the door no matter how early it is.Will we stay at this hotel again? Probably yes.	
Aug 13 2008	Great hotel-dodgy area!	I stayed here with a large tour group a few weeks ago.Let me start with the room.The room was huge.Beautifully decorated and the beds very very comfortable.There was a bad powerpoint which was falling out the wall which is quite dangerous which I forgot to report.The bathroom was small but hey I don’t live in a bathroom so no problem.The hotel itself is a gorgeous old hotel that has been restored.The staff were mostly helpful but I must mention the gentleman who works opposite reception.We had tickets to tour the baseball park and as they was a game on the day we wanted to go we asked him if he could call them to make sure the tour was still going.He seemed very disinterested and referred us to the lady in the giftshop who went out of her way to help us.Also we had 1 included breakfast in the hotel.As we were with a tour the breakfast was a set meal.But when mine came out it was stone cold.It tasted like rubber and I wouldn’t feed it to my dog.The hotel is a block away from the ‘Tenderloins’which is a very bad area for crime.As others have said the homeless problem is an epidemic and you only have to walk out of the hotel to see homeless people everywhere.I realize this is something the hotel cannot control but I also saw a man being arrested for drug possession a few metres from the hotel.I did walk around in a large group at night but I did not feel very safe.This hotel is a gem but be very wary of the area.Take cabs-try not to walk!	
Aug 13 2008 	Cusomer Service Excellent!	We atttended a buisness trip in CA in July. We were coming from Rochester, New York and were going to be in CA for 48 hours. For the meeting we were attending we needed to have items shipped to CA and stored somewhere until we needed them. I called the Hotel Whitcomb Restaurant Manager David and explained what we needed. He said &quot;no problem at all we can accomodate you&quot;. I had perishable items shipped to the hotel 2 days before our arrival. The hotel stored these items in there cooler free of charge! I also had to boxes shipped with other items we would need and they stored them too. Anything we asked for they were able to get for us. We had luggage lost at the airport and the hotel helped us get our luggage back that same night. The hotel was an historic hotel with alot of character. We make this trip annually have decided the Hotel Whitcomb will be where the 6 of us stay from now on. We actually sent them a gift basket because we were so happy with everyone's service!	
Aug 12 2008 	Just okay stay	My husband and I recently attended a conference in San Francisco, with the Hotel Whitcomb the designated hotel. We have been to San Francisco often, and looked forward to the trip. Lured by the pictures on the web site, we booked a &quot;junior suite&quot; for the 7-night stay. Don't be misled by the alluring pictures of the lobby, which is indeed gorgeous. How much time do you spend in the lobby? The junior suite was also an example of luxury-on-the-surface, not-so-great underneath. First, the arrangement of the &quot;junior suite&quot; was very awkward, with a long &quot;hallway to nowhere&quot;. The bathroom was stark (beige tile everywhere, not-very-fluffy white towels) apparently carved out of one corner as an afterthought. There was NO shelf space in the bathroom. The small refrigerator was nice, but no in-room coffee. There were way too many extension cords with multiple items plugged in. The electrical outlet near the desk required jiggling to keep the lamp lit, and my laptop battery ran down to nearly zero one night because it wasn't plugged in at just the right angle. USA Today available at front desk -- only if you got there early. The restaurant food was okay, but very overpriced. Starbucks next door was a nice touch. Staff was pleasant and helpful. Outside, one can catch the trolley to for $1.50 -- but it was frequently overcrowded, with no room for additional riders. The hotel is on Market Street, and we heard the sirens of emergency vehicles loud and clear at all hours;. The panhandlers were evident and obnoxious. Next time, we'll look elsewhere.	
Jul 25 2008 	Lovely hotel in very convenient location	Let's get the bad stuff out of the way, shall we? First, when we checked in, the very friendly woman took forever, saying that it was hard to find a room for four nights. Um...that's why we made a reservation?! But she did eventually get us sorted, admitting that it required her to take a room reserved by someone else checking in the following day. ooookaaay...That same night, we asked the guest services guy (not the concierge, to be clear, who will get rave reviews in a paragraph or two) where we could grab a bite to eat. It was already nearly 9pm and we were starving, our flight having been delayed. He unhelpfully suggested the overpriced hotel restaurant. When we demured, he pointed us in the direction of Union Square, which we immediately found to be lacking in the &quot;casual, inexpensive&quot; variety of restaurant we'd requested. (*** For your reference - just jump on the F Train outside the hotel and go in the opposite direction from Union Square to the Castro neighborhood for a ridiculous amount of adorable, affordable places to eat. ***)And lastly, the hotel restaurant, as mentioned, is way overpriced. But that's all quibbling stuff, and overall we loved staying here. The decor is fabulous - a real knockout in the lobby with stately, cozy rooms. The free wifi was so helpful - although our room was placed as such that we had to stand at the window to get a signal...no matter! We did manage to get a signal and use the internets to help plan our days. Great service from the front desk and concierge. I had to call down to the front desk for a lot of random stuff - a lightbulb went out, I needed to print something, requesting late check-out - and they were always friendly, efficient, and helpful. The concierge, Rahn, was a gorgeous genius of a man. He took us step-by-step through how to get around on public transit and recommend the excellent Harvest Urban Market for our grocery needs. He was patient and funny and answered all our questions thoroughly even as a line grew behind us. Regarding the neighborhood - coming from Boston, I thought I'd be prepared for the homelessness issue. Well, it really is an epidemic in this city and I was a bit rattled by sheer number of poor people--everywhere, not just by the Civic Center. But it is not a dangerous area by any means, just kind of sad. The location can't be beat in terms of access to public transit (BART and F train directly outside) and a few blocks in any direction take you to slightly nicer areas. The hotel is a grand dame holding up an area that's gone a bit to seed, but I would unreservedly recommend it--great service, decor, comfort and location.	
Jul 15 2008 	A good place from which to explore SF--be prepared for some noise though.	The Hotel Whitcomb has a great location and we found the staff incredibly helpful. Location: Right on Market Street so you just walk out the door and wait for the F trolly down to the waterfront ($1.50 a person, have the correct change). 4-5 blocks from some good shopping. You need to walk a bit to find a place to eat (unless you want Burger King, which is across the street or the Hotel Restaurant). Starbucks is right next door, hooray!!! Not a bad drive to the airport either.Staff: Great. We were behind one person in the Guest Services line and someone (concierge I think) came running over to assist us. When he couldn’t answer our question he took us to someone who could. Very attentive. Also, when there was an argument outside our room at 3am I called the front desk and they had someone up there pronto. We had no wait for check in or check out.Parking: I’m glad my husband was driving because I found the parking a bit stressful and confusing. We managed however. Rooms: My only complaint. It’s an old hotel so guests need to be understanding. Having said that, I’d like to let you know what to expect. The bathrooms are tiny–I’m pretty thin and I have no idea how a larger person would fit between the toilet and sink. It’s almost impossible to change clothes in the bathroom (which I needed to do since I was travelling with my son). The walls are also incredibly thin. We were 5 doors down from the ice machine but heard it everytime someone got ice. Every conversation that took place in the halls could be heard too. My husband, son and I definitely were woken up several times a night because of all the noise. Not a big deal but I think it’s worth passing along on this site.A nice place from which to explore San Francisco.	
Jul 11 2008 	Great Staff ~ Fantastic Location	I am not much for writing reviews but I felt the urge to express my pleasure with the staff and location of the Hotel Whitcomb.I stayed at the hotel for a few days last week. Truthfully I booked it because it was one of the best values on the internet. I only wanted a place to rest my head so I wasn't as concerned about the condition of or amenities at the hotel.From the moment I arrived to the hotel I was immediately impressed. First of all the lobby is beautiful. It really takes you back to a by-gone era. No major changes since the hotel opened in 1916. The marble, lighting and stained glass were beautiful. A vase of fresh flowers greet you when you first walk in and so do the smiling faces of the staff.I got to the front desk to check in and was met by Olga. She immediately made me feel at home. My room was not ready yet so she offered to introduce me to the concierge to set up a tour or give me options to kill time until my room was ready (I tried to check in early)I toured around the city for a couple of hours and when I returned I once again encountered Olga. She not only remembered my name but had the room ready for me.I picked up my bag from the bell-man. A jovial man who sang instead of spoke to everyone he encountered.I got to my room. A typical &quot;historic hotel&quot;. The room was small but well-appointed. The beds were quite comfortable and the air conditioning (It was 95 in the city) worked quite well.The location of the hotel is very convenient to public transit. With BART and MUNI right out your door it is easy to get anywhere in rapid time. Everyone in the hotel seems knowledgable about the transit system as well. I asked the security guard how to get to Fisherman's Warf. He not only told me how to get there but wrote it down for me.All in all it was a fantastic stay. Thanks Hotel Whitcomb for a great time in the city. I will certainly return.	
Jul 6 2008 	Fantastic	Our stay at The Whitcomb was fantastic from check-in to check-out. We got lost getting there, and Al on the phone was so helpful and patient. The gentleman who checked us in was fantastic, I wish I knew his name. Paige at the concierge desk took the time to explain all the different types of transportation, public and tour, and give us her opinion on the best and easiest ways. Even the housekeeping staff was extremely nice and helpful. Larry the Doorman was a kick! My daughter thought he was great, The lobby is beautiful as is the rest of the hotel. It is conveniently located by BART transit and bus line. The hotel is located not too far from the Tenderloin district and the Castro district, so it can be pretty colorful. Anybody who complains about the homeless people around need too realize that this is San Francisco and the homeless are EVERYWHERE! It's the perfect climate for them. The hotel is located about a $12.00 taxi ride from the waterfront. It is a little far from the waterfront but close to lots of other sights. If I had one dislike, it would be that the room did not have a microwave or refrigerator. No biggie. I will definitely stay here again.Susanne	
Jul 6 2008 	A Study in Contrasts	We just got home from a week in San Francisco and a stay at the Hotel Whitcomb. We were there from the end of June through July 4th. Mostly, our stay was very good. First impressions count and the lobby is beautiful. The Edwardian architecture, the rich carved wood and the abundant marble all go together to give the impression of opulence. The check in experience can be a bit long we noticed, not only for ourselves, but we saw lines there frequently. The room was comfortable and well appointed. But, if you have electronics that need to be recharged, there are precious few outlets in the room. The sheets were luxurious, but some of the towels were frayed around the edges. Most of the service was very good and swift to react. When we complained of folks smoking in the stairwell (since our room was located in the stairwell, the smoke traveled up and into our room), they were quick to respond and clean it up. We never again smelled smoke. At least that kind. Another day, the outlet in the bathroom suddenly buzzed, emitted sparks and some smoke. Fortunately, we were there when it happened and we unplugged everything. We told the front desk what had happened, but no response came during the rest of our stay. We thought sparks and smoke would urge them to action, but evidently not.Our main praise though goes to the two concierges we worked with. Paige was always helpful setting up tours. The small bus tour she recommended of the wine country was fantastic. When we tried to book a tour to Alcatraz, she told us they were sold out, but took our cell phone number and promised us she would try. Other folks on our tour who tried to go to Alcatraz were told the same thing: sold out. But their concierges left it at that. During lunch, we got the phone call that she had procured two tickets to Alcatraz. She went above and beyond and we really appreciated her help. The other concierge who was a great help was Jan. She had the evening shift and gave us several excellent recommendations for restaurants. They were spot on and we had some excellent meals. She also gave us detailed directions on how to get around the city. She was great fun to deal with as well.I would recommend this hotel to others. I would hope the hotel could work on some areas, but overall it was a good deal.	
Jun 29 2008 	Not the Image San Francisco would like to give	The Hotel is old and yes, historic, by San Francisco hotel standards. The lobby is interesting with all the marble and woodwork but the furniture upholstery is dirty and stained and appears old/antique, as well.The rooms are small and the bathrooms are REALLY small with only a shower. The beds and rooms were clean and comfortable and were serviceable.The staff were courteous and helpful for the most part. Outside of the concierges ( who were great!) they're not used to good service (i.e. When I asked a bellman to call a cab, he said and just gestured for me to go outside and flag one down. He then realized his mistake and went out and flagged a cab. I gave him a couple of bucks as reinforcement).The NEIGHBORHOOD is the real problem. The street people are ubiquitous and the streets are filthy. In the evening there was the necessity of security checking our room keys before they'd let us beyond the front door. The restrooms off the lobby and mezzanine are keyed to your room (a reasonable precaution here) and for whatever reason, our keys did not work.I wouldn't stay there again mainly because of the unpleasant location. It's an old hotel struggling to stay in business, as far as I can see.	
Jun 16 2008	Was OK	My intial impression of the hotel was, yeah it looks nice. It's got a nice old feel to it (classic). Checking in seemed easy enough although the workers didn't seemed phased arguing and growling over customers in front of me (to each other). The two doorsmen didn't seem to like each other at all, and seemed to keep away from each other ... I could hear a bit of bickering on the other ear...The hallway was nice and grand (to our room) - big ceilings but the carpet needed some changing though. We got a queen size room facing the back of the hotel so we thought it would be quiet. Unfortuantely this was not so, there was noise every night we were there and were awoken in the middle of the hours. This made for uncomfrotable sleeping. It became apparent that there were either delivery trucks or garbage trucks who had people who seemed to takre delight in making lots and lots of noise. The room itself was ok however did smell (air freshener??) when we entered and had to open all windows as it was that bad.... but after a while it cleared up. The beds were a bit uncomfortable, the seemed to dip in the middle - my advise if that if you are a couple and could part for a few days then I would opt for a twin room so you don't bump into each other during the night.On the plus side the hotel is in a great position - you can catch the train directly to civic center station and you're there. There is a Bart/Muni outside the door, and you could go downtown and to castro easily. We did feel a little uncomfortable walking downtown because of all the homeless people around, and near the hotel, so we opted to take public transport all the time (from outside the hotel)...	
Jun 11 2008	Try Elsewhere first	Location was OK, but I would have preferred to have stayed in down near the centre of town. I was actually quite uncomfortable and daunted by the number of homeless throughout the area, particularly when I was out walking on my own. It was ok if you wanted to jump on the tram across the road, but if you wanted to walk the few blocks, it was very uncomfortable.The staff have to deal with an antiquated check-in system, so if you just wanted to ask a simple question it took up to 20 mins!The staff were not so helpful to us when the hotel lost a package, and ended up having to appeal to the hotel manager to assist, which he finally did so on the last day of our stay. However the loss of the bag caused us not to enjoy our stay as much as we could have.The room was big enough and clean and comfortable. Tea and coffee in the room would have been appreciated too.	
Jun 2 2008 	Wow! Great hotel great location for transportation but it is San Fran!	Before discussing the hotel I wanted to clear some things up regarding the fact that this hotel is in the heart of San Francisco.I am from upstate New York and the New England area, 1916 is only historic by California standards! Having said that, being a &quot;historic&quot; hotel does mean it has character and beautiful tall ceilings and big open hallways and nice wood work. All of this is common on the East coast, but not so much in California.Also, San Francisco has A LOT of homeless people. You won't see as many in New York or Boston because of the weather, it is much easier to be homeless in San Francisco where you won't freeze to death at night.So if you are visiting from rural America or Europe and haven't seen the homeless before, than you will if you visit San Francisco and that has nothing to do specifically with the Hotel Whitcomb.As there have been many reviews it has already been pointed out that the hotel is in a great location for getting around San Francisco via public transportation. It took about 30-35 minutes to get there from SFO airport via the BART (Bay Area Rapid Transport). It was also an easy walk to the Marcone Center where I was attending a conference.Walking back to the hotel from the conference late at night I did pass some homeless and some adult themed establishments, but I felt completely safe as the streets are well lit and there were plenty of people around.Near the hotel are plenty of small places to eat and a Walgreens and also a post office. Considering the excellent price I got, this is by far one of the best deals I've ever had and would be happy to stay at this hotel in the future. I will definitely recommend it to others.The hotel gym was adequate, the cardio machines are on the old side, but worked. The gym did have a nice view of the street.I did notice the hotel seemed to have quite a few Asian tour groups staying there, which I take as a good sign as those tend to be a little more choosy/picky about where they stay.From my experience the only word of caution I would have is to check out your room before you unpack and make sure it is o.k. I was on the third floor and my room overlooked the duct work/exhaust system for the hotel. See the picture below.Because of this there was always a constant humming sound in the room. It wasn't too loud, but it was there. I found it soothing, almost like the constant roar of the ocean at an waterside hotel, but I could see how others would find it bothersome.Also, the window had decorative drapes, a thin curtain, and then light blocking shades. In my room the light blocking shades had a huge gap when I tried to close them, a good 8 inches! I was able to over come this by pulling one of the deocrative drapes across the window. However, again for sensative sleepers who need it to be completely dark, this would be a problem.The fact that these two little things are the only negatives I have to mention should make it clear how nice this hotel is!Also, if you stay here definitely check out the Hall of History. It is on the second floor along with the gym. Basically just two small rooms full of memoriablia and pictures from the history of the hotel. It is pretty interesing and a nice unique touch for the hotel!	
Jun 1 2008 	Fair location but a bit oldfashioned	The Whitcomb is an old fashioned &quot;Grand Hotel&quot;. It would be necessary that they renovate the rooms, because ours had a smell reminding us of recent centuries. A great benefit is &quot;Starbucks&quot; locatet in the hotel, all public transport stoppin in front and &quot;Sam's Diner across the street, where we got breakfast. Unfortunately the &quot;Civic Center District&quot; is Home for the Homeless People, but, in fact, they do not disturb if you can ignore their demand for &quot;change&quot;. Due to the Public Transport Stop in front, you can reach every spot in SFO easily. We bought a 3 Day-Pass and had no need to move our car, which was securely parked at The Whitcomb. The price of 28$ is acceptable in this Town. Worth to mention was the small, but well equipped gym and the very friendly staff!	
May 20 2008 	Great Old Classic	My Girlfriend and I stayed at the Whitcomb 5-17 &amp; 5-18 for a long weekend getaway to San Francisco. I read through allot of Trip Advisor reviews of the Whitcomb and they all seemed pretty positive so I thought we would give the Whitcomb a try. What a great decision that was! We upgraded to a King size bed and the room was good size with very tall ceilings which made the room feel very big. The room was well appointed with new carpeting, dressers and side tables. The bathroom was good size with a full size Tub/Shower. The bathroom was clean but worn with age. This was probably the only sign we were in a Hotel that opened in 1916! Every floor has a room with an Ice Machine and Vending Machines for Sodas &amp; Snacks. The Gentleman working the Concierge's Desk on Sunday evening was very helpful with directions and restaurant recommendations.As for the location of the Whitcomb it really can't be beat. No need for a car if you are staying at the Whitcomb. Just get yourself a Muni pass (3 day pass only $18.00) and you have transportation to all over the city just 20 feet to the right of the Hotel entrance (Underground Muni &amp; Bart station). Also, The F Line runs directly in front of the Hotel which is a cable line of restored vintage Cable Cars that will take you all the way to Fisherman's Wharf. The Muni pass will also cover the F Line. As for the street people yes they are an eyesore but you will see them all over Downtown San Francisco.	
May 19 2008 	Don't Stay Here Ever (no matter how cheap it is!)	If you check out my other reviews, you can see I'm not the most critical person. There are cheaper hotels/motels which are basic, but still clean and comfortable.Hotel Whitcomb was a WHOLE other story. First off, the front desk is ridiculous with lines that may take you 20 minutes just to find out where the lobby bathroom is. They have 2 people working with no person dedicated to checked-in guests for simple questions. There is a gated line for all of us to wait which takes forever because of their inefficiency.The person who helped me is this woman who had this &quot;holier than thou&quot; attitude who thought she was working at the Ritz-Carlton.After finally getting my room card, I ventured to find this room. Now, the lobby and individual floors are lovely with old woodwork and such, but then you get to the really awful part. I followed the signs to my room, which I found out quickly, was BEYOND the fire door where there were 2 rooms in an unfinished fire escape looking hallway. The fire door was heavy enough that if I were screaming in there, no one would even hear me! (See pictures) The other room didn't even have a plaque on the door for the room number...it was written on the wall in PENCIL!When I got into the room, it just got worse. The room was dark and dusty. My allergies immediately worsened. It was spacious, but everything was just old. There were 2 queen beds. When I lifted the coverlet, the underside was yellow and dingy. Moreover, hair (not the kind on your head) that was clearly not mine were laying in the coverlet. The bedding smelled like someone had already slept in it before and no one had changed the sheets.As if it couldn't get any worse, the bathroom had hair (again, not from your head) on the walls and floors (at least 5 I could count, which is 5 too many).I got my room changed to one that was not in the fire escape. The person at the front desk who helped me, I think his name was Burney, was very nice. The subsequent room was much nicer was clean crisp sheets and an almost clean bathroom (there was still a hair on the toilet).I would never stay in this hotel ever again. Chains like Best Western, Holiday Inn, etc which are basic but comfortable (see my other reviews) are much more worth it than this dump. The only thing that was good about this place was that it was right on top of a MUNI/BART stop so it was easy to get to the airport and other places.	
May 16 2008 	Excellent Staff	My stay at the Whitcomb was extremely enjoyable. From the front desk staff at check-in to the concierge and doorstaff and especially the housekeeping staff, all were very hospitable and friendly. I was always greeted with a smile and a good morning or afternoon by all the staff I encountered throughout my stay. It was a pleasure to stay there, and made me feel like a true GUEST rather than just renting a room in a hotel. My compliments go out to all management and staff at the Whitcomb. Keep up the good work. Thank-you for making me feel welcome!	
May 14 2008 	Terrific Value 	Hotel has BART and buses directly in front of hotel for easy access anywhere. Although it's an older hotel, it is well appointed, quiet and very clean. Staff is friendly and helpful. We always stay at the Whitcomb when we are in town, usually twice a year.	
May 12 2008	A grand old SF hotel	Yes, the Whitcomb is on the edge of a seedy area, but it's still a grand old SF hotel, and it's well-maintained. Everyone there treated me very well during my stay, and my room was spick-and-span. The front desk pointed out that a trolly (not to mention buses) runs right by the door, so I didn't have to spend any more time on the street than I wanted to. In fact, I walked back down Market to the art opening that I was in town for at 1:30 am and encountered no trouble. There were more other pedestrians around than homeless people, and I never felt threatened in the least.My bed and pillow were actually very comfortable, and the room was elegant. I guess the only thing that I could complain about is that the toilet wanted to keep running, which can waste a lot of water over time. I opened up the tank and adjusted it, but they should have their maids report such things to them. I would recommend the Whitcomb to anyone, and I look forward to staying there again.	
May 12 2008 	Hiding in Plain Sight on Market Street	I have stayed a few times at the Hotel Whitcomb, including back when the property was affiliated with Ramada. I don't think you'll beat the price for the location or for the amenities. In fact, when you enter the lobby for the first time you'll probably think you've stepped into the wrong hotel as the looks like what one might expect in a hotel costing two or three times as much! Rooms seem like they can vary a bit in design (especially the bathrooms) but that's what I would expect in a one hundred year old hotel. I have had huge walk-in closets, a pleasant surprise that I wouldn't really expect in any hotel. The staff has always treated me well. My requested room was not available on my last check-in (queen-sized bed) but Rudolpho (sp?) suggested that I switch the next day if I didn't like the twin beds. So I did, and switching was no problem. Access to public transportation couldn't be more convenient: if you take the correct exit from the Civic Center BART/MUNI station, it will put you on Market Street directly in front of the hotel. Very simple to take BART from the airport to the hotel. The negatives: the neighborhood isn't the greatest for walking especially at night, but the bad spots (e.g. Market &amp; 6th) are easily avoided. Parking is expensive but if you really feel you need to have a car, you probably shouldn't be staying at a hotel on Market Street in the heart of San Francisco!	
May 6 2008	Fair price good value	I came to SF for a short trip and booked Hotel Whitcomb on Priceline. I was very pleased with the experience given its proximity to everything. In fact, the BART/MUNI train station is right in front of the hotel entrance. For a 2.5 star hotel, the room was clean and the bedding material was very soft and comfortable. The full sized towels were fluffy and soft. My room faced the street but I could not hear the street noise except for those from emergency vehicles.Every staff I encountered at the hotel--from the front desk, concierge, to the bell boy &amp; room attendants--were extremely nice and helpful. My only complaint is that the hotel's wireless internet service is really spotty. While I could connect fully to the hotel's WiFi in the lobby, I could only rarely able to get internet connection in my room.I would definitely stay at this hotel again if the price is right.	
Apr 30 2008 	Hotel Whitcomb PERFECT	I would deninitely recommend The Whitcomb for anyone who would like to tour San Fran! The staff was friendly and helpful and the location was perfect very central and close to everything. There is the muni just outside your doors and the rail car runs right by there. The rooms were a bit tiny but who wants to be in the rooms when there is a whole city to explore out there.The decor is charming (old historic hotel) and it was CLEAN! I would suggest this hotel to my friends and family so that should give you an idea of how wonderful our stay at The Whitcomb was :)	
Apr 26 2008 	It's an ok place	I stayed at the Whitcomb last night on a reservation I made for $59 +tax on Hotwire. I had to call the hotel to find their parking, but the woman at the desk gave me clear and accurate directions and I was able to find it right after hanging up with her. It was $28, which is pretty expensive to me, but honestly, that's San Francisco...parking here is an expensive luxury.There was a parking lot next door advertising overnight parking for $15 but it didn't look very secure to me at all, so I went with the hotel parking. The lobby was beautiful, and had a lot of historical charm (also like the Starbucks in the lobby), and the women at the front desk were polite. After about a 7 minute wait to check in, I headed to my room. It was about average size, but the age of the hotel was apparent in the faded carpeting and worn bathroom fixtures. The bathroom has definitely seen better days, but it was clean. This place could definitely benifit from a rennovation. The bed was pretty firm, but tolerable. There was a lot of noise in the hallway during the night- people talking/laughing, using the ice machine next to my room, and the thin walls didn't do much to dampen the noise. As for the neighborhood, I wouldn't reccommend walking around there alone at night, but earlier in the evening, it was pretty well travelled by tourists and people heading to the clubs, so it wasn't so bad, if you can ignore the homeless people asking you to buy them alcohol. The hotel itself had security in the lobby, and I felt perfectly safe staying there.I know this sounds like a bad review, but there were some positives to the hotel. It was kind of cool to stay in a historical building, and there were a lot of really nice people staying there. Would I stay here again? Probably, if I was in town on a budget. But if you are expecting a fancy chain hotel, then you probably won't care for it. Overall, I think it was worth the price I paid for it.	
Apr 24 2008 	Great hotel!	We stayed at this hotel over the weekend and thought that it was a great hotel, especially for the price ($99/night). We took the advice of other travelers and booked a king-size bed for a little bit more room. I knew it was on Market (a very busy street in downtown SF) so I asked for a quiet room and was never troubled by street noise. It is an old hotel (built in 1908) and a bit worn, but it was very clean and the lobby was beautiful. The Starbucks in the lobby is very handy. The chairs and bed in the room were clean and very comfortable (I am picky about my beds) and I had no trouble sleeping (I am also a light sleeper). The maid service was great--no missing towels, shampoo, etc. during our stay. The immediate neighborhood is fine, but it is on the edge of the rundown area in downtown (it is only ~3 blocks long on Market). We had no problems and even ate one night in this very old area. You're going to see homeless people begging no matter where you go in downtown SF. The hotel is right across the street from the beautiful downtown public library and 2 blocks from city hall. A few blocks east is the giant Westfield SF shopping mall, which has a Bristol Farms grocery/ready-made-takeout market, a food court, restaurants, etc. This hotel is in a wonderful location, right in the heart of the city, with all public transportation available right outside. We took BART from the airport -- it stops right in front of the hotel (http://www.bart.gov). Just make sure you take the right exit to the street (there are 3 different ones) or you might have to walk a block. We went all over SF -- Golden Gate park, Fisherman's Wharf, etc., all on public transportation (also right outside the hotel) and never had to wait more than 10 minutes. Driving a car in SF is an exercise in frustration (you never find any parking) and parking overnight is expensive ($28/night at the hotel), so take the public transportation (http://www.sfmta.com/cms/mfares/passports.htm).	
Apr 21 2008 	Histortic hotel in San Francisco	This was my 2nd time staying in Hotel Whitcomb. I loved the charm in the historic hotel. Steps out to the MUNI/BART busses/trains. Love Sam's Diner (opens for breakfast and lunch). And, don't forget to ignore the homeless. If you wanted trains outside of the hotel, you will have homeless. The police will be there if you need them.The room was small, excluding the smaller bathroom (2 feet x 6 feet). You will step out of the bathroom to change your mind. ;-) Also, there was one outlet to plug your laptop, cell phone, or iPod. Need to have more plugs.	
Apr 20 2008	Mediocre Hotel	My stay at Hotel Whitcomb was &quot;whatever&quot;. The room was a bit tiny, but I didn't mind because the price I got through hotwire.com was reasonable. However, the toilet kept making a short flushing sound in a one minute interval. I don't know whether it was just my room (room # 732) or if all the other rooms' toilets were making that sound. I didn't complain because I was mostly out during the day and too tired at night to complain. If you're someone who gets annoyed with periodic sounds, then you should be cautious about their toilets. It was nice that Hotel Whitcomb offered free wireless internet. However, the hotel staff seem not to know how to use it. The front desk person told me to call the hotel operator. The hotel operator told me only about half of the information I needed to use the internet. I told her that she needed to tell me the wireless network of Hotel Whitcomb but she just transferred me over to the hotel's wireless company. Little did I know that the hotel was charging me for &quot;long distance call&quot; by transferring me over to their internet service company. I will save you the money and trouble by telling you that this hotel's wireless network is wanderingwi-fi. The hotel operator will tell you the username and the password. Connecting to wanderingwi-fi will take you to a page with a blank spot for email and a blank spot for password. Even though the username is not remotely close to an email address put the username in that spot and the password in the password spot. I had a difficult time communicating with the front desk person. He had a thick accent and talked really fast. Honestly confused, I had to keep asking him to repeat what he just said. I think he took it personally because he was a bit rude when he repeated. Later on that day, I saw him and another customer having a rough time communicating. Oh well. Overall, the hotel was okay. The wireless internet was a plus and the location was a plus. I liked the down-feathered blanket here rather than the thin sheeted blankets other hotels offer. The other reviewers complain about the unsafe location of this hotel but I honestly feel like if you want to stay in the heart of San Francisco, you have to cope with the &quot;ghettoness&quot; of this hotel's location. You can't avoid it.	
Apr 20 2008 	Grand Lobby munchkin rooms	Bid for a three star on Hotwire, was given an old lady with lots of make up. The lobby is truly amazing but the shine falls of the apple quickly. Got a 14 by 16 room with 2 double beds, a 3 by 5 closet and 3 by 8 bathroom including a stall shower, a sink and no counter space. The bath room will not accomodate more than one person at a time and that is with the door open. Four very worn power outlets that you have to spread your plugs for to make contact. Television has a blizzard on all 15 channels. Two of the four elevators are locked in the basement at 8 PM. $28.00 per day for parking Carpet is threadbare and the cockroach in bed with me was a bit much. I don't care if this IS a historic building, it is now a 1 star masquerading as a real hotel. Oh yes...do not leave the hotel after dark unless you are 6-5 and carry a Glock. Otherwise I had a great stay.	
Apr 14 2008 	Great Boutique hotel but front desk could move faster	This is a gorgeous historic hotel that is clean, charming, well-maintained, and is simply overabundant with character. It is well worth the value of booking online with discounts. It took a little longer than it should have to check in and out because a number of the guests spend far too much time squabbling over charges at the front desk when checking out. I pre-paid on hotwire and did not have any additional charges, so I wish there was a way to expedite my process (perhaps more staff at the desk or clearer explanations of charges - though I think this was the guests problem, not the hotel). I also read really good reviews of the restaurant online, but having had two dishes there, I cannot see how it is anything but average or worse. I may have gotten it on a bad day.Overall, this is an incredible value and a beautiful place to stay with a wonderful historic feel. I cannot recommend it enough. The neighborhood is a little &quot;interesting&quot; but the BART is literally outside the door, as are buses and cabs in SF are reasonable.	
Apr 13 2008 	Old world charm	My 11 yr old and I stayed here for 4 days in March. I picked it for the location, BART station right outside the door, and the reviews here.The lobby is very grand, and is like stepping back in time. The revolving front door is a big hit with an 11 yr old too.The rooms are clean and linens fresh and beds very comfy. The rooms are a bit small but then again, we came to visit the city and sights and spent very little time there other than to sleep.Although we encountered a few homeless people, I never felt threatened or unsafe. After hours you must show your room card to the doorman which is a nice added safety factor.The Internet is a bit sketchy and I found it to work best over by the window rather than at the desk. The staff is very gracious and helpful. We checked in a few hours early with no problems.I will stay here again as we like to fly down for the weekend and go to the Giants games. Thanks for the lovely stay.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great Hotel Whitcomb	The hotel is well managed. The rooms are clean, spacious and cozy. The newly refurbished bathroom is a joy to shower in. The manager and staff offers great assistance to visitors. But no coffee or tea in rooms, unless you request for it. Will visit again when next travel in the region. Thanks a lot.	
Apr 3 2008	Do Not Stay Here	I really ever write reviews, but had to for this hotel. First the rooms are tiny, and the bathrooms, well good luck if more than one person needs to get ready in there. Parking - they do not inform you that you will be paying betwen 30-40 a night for valet parking...and it takes forever to get your car. I had no idea I was being charged until I checked my bank statement this morining and had a 32.00 charge. I was only there about 15 hours. Further, the rooms have a musty smell, and you better bring drinks because the tap water is terrible and the vending machine was out of water and juice. The good things: Nice staff, beautiful lobby. Unless you plan on staying in the lobby, I would NOT reccomend staying here.	
Apr 2 2008 	Great Weeklong Stay at the Whitcomb	Booked a vacation package through Expedia...got a great rate for a week long stay at the end of March. Standard room with queen bed on the fifth floor had plenty of room for me and the bathroom was a good size too. Everything was very clean upon arrival and the housekeeping staff did a great job of keeping my room clean and fresh. Never heard my neighbors and kept the window open most nights and there was very little street noise. Street car, Muni Subway, BART, and many bus lines are just right outside the door...making it very easy to get around. Can easily walk to all the bars and nightlife on Folsom and Harrison Streets...cheap cab ride to spots in the Castro and the Mission. Great ethnic food all around...just get out and walk up Larkin or Jones. If you are not used to a more urban environment that involves characters of all kinds...you might want to stay near the Marina or Fisherman's Wharf. If you are coming to San Francisco to experience great theater, nightlife, restaurants, and shopping...the Whitcomb is perfect. I've stayed elsewhere in San Francisco and have paid alot more and felt pretty neutral about those accomodations. I highly recommend the Whitcomb for younger and gay vacationers.	
Apr 2 2008 	Lovely	The hotel is old, rooms are small, but it is truly lovely and full of atmosphere - nothing like the new generic chain hotels.The staff was helpful and nice, and the location - although a bit problematic at night - was overall excellent, within walking distance to almost every main tourist location, and with public transportation right outside.I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews here, but I found the hotel well run and reliable. Highly recommended to those of a limited budget.	
Apr 1 2008 	Location Location Location	I booked a room at the Hotel Whitcomb for five nights for a visit with family and friends. I booked their least expensive rate, their smallest room, because I'm on a pretty rigid budget. But it was just going to be me in the room and I just wanted a clean, secure room with a bed and a shower! The rate I booked was comparable to nearby one star motels, so I felt that I got a real bargain.And that feeling was absolutely justified. As mentioned in other reviews, the lobby is old and grand - there is a feel of a little shabbiness in some public spaces (the elevator interiors are in rough shape, as is some of the hallway carpet), but overall pleasing. The restaurant is nice looking and the workout room is a very nice little facility.And my cheap room, the smallest in the hotel? Well, they were all occupied by the time I checked in, so I was upgraded to a double / double on Market Street with a view of City Hall - and a bathroom with a window!The furnishings were nice - and the bed linens are newly appointed, crisp and clean and very comfortable. The other furnishings were nice, with an old style feel, but they're modern reproductions and in good shape. A very comfortable room with wonderful high ceilings &amp; very nice spa soaps &amp; shampoo. And considering I booked their rock-bottom rate, it was a great bargain.I know other visitors have expressed concerns about the neighborhood, but the homeless on the streets are outside all the Union Square hotels and downtown hotels too - so you can pay twice as much for a chain hotel and still have the same complaints about the homelessness. This is San Francisco, and it's a reality of the City. As an SF native, I guess I don't even notice it. I walked at night to clubs South of Market and back again in the early hours and didn't feel at all insecure.And when I needed to take BART or Muni Metro, the entrance is literally outside the hotel door! Couldn't be more convenient.Quirks of the hotel? As with any older hotel, there are not nearly enough electrical outlets. And for some reason they don't have coffee makers in the rooms - almost a given these days with even the most basic motel. Perhaps it's to drive business to the convenient Starbuck's in the lobby.I'm going to make this hotel my hotel of choice from now on - as a San Francisco native I get back every few months to visit, and this hotel can't be beat.	
Mar 31 2008 	We Liked the Whitcomb	After reading reviews on TA we booked the hotel through Travelocity. Overall, the hotel was nice. The location was central and could not have been better! We loved walking out the door and being able to hop on the F-Train or the MUNI [subway]. It was a short and nice walk to Union Square and many other touristy areas.The only real complaints we had were the THIN walls...every sound from the neighbors was audible. We slept with the door closed in the bathroom and let the fan run all night to cover the sound. It worked well. The only other thing [and it is minor] was that the concierge would not print our boarding passes and we had to use a pay-terminal in the internet lounge. The staff was helpful and the front desk staff was willing to answer questions and point us in the right direction. We would book here again without hesitation.	
Mar 31 2008 	Unimpressive hotel awful neighborhood	Before booking a room at the Hotel Whitcomb, ask yourself one simple question - why?The only reason I can see someone choosing this particular hotel is price. Once certainly wouldn't choose this property for location, amenities, etc. Apart from being reasonably priced (for San Francisco), it had nothing else going for it.The hotel itself isn't particularly awful - the lobby is quite nice. However the rooms are tiny with high ceilings which don't quite manage to compensate. The onsite restaurant is convenient, but seriously overpriced for the quality of the food.The front desk staff were rude and abrupt when my fiance and I went to check in. However, the worst thing about this hotel is the neighborhood. Market Street is a peculiar place. It's as though there's some invisible curtain dividing Market Street, centred along the intersection of Market and Powell. After Powell, you find yourself in the financial district - there's a Four Seasons, various designer shops, and high end eateries.Cross over Powell toward Civic Center (where the Whitcomb is located), and it all changes. The high end eateries are replaced with pawn shops and liquor stores. Most unnerving are the people - before my trip, I had a mental image of one or two homeless people sitting against buildings, begging for spare change. No - on Market Street they stumble drunkenly down the street, urine streams trailing down the sidewalk in the middle of the afternoon. At night, groups of down-and outs slur their words while screaming out obscenities at each other. That is, if they haven't passed out face down in a trash can.Perhaps the most notable moment was a few blocks futher down, outside Market Street's Warfield Theatre. I had just attended a concert there, and fans had lined up to see the talent leave the stage door. Two uniformed police pulled up, seemingly shocked at a group of clean-cut under 30s waiting around this area after dark. We were told the area is - and I quote - &quot;the arm pit of San Francisco&quot; - and that while we probably shouldn't be there in the first place, we &quot;might be okay&quot; if we stick to Market Street itself and don't venture beyond that particular main road.The area surrounding the Whitcomb has become known as the &quot;Tenderloin&quot; to locals - ostensibly due to the fact that officers patrolling the area were at one time paid more because of the added risk, and could thus afford to dine on tenderloin. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tenderloin%2C_San_Francisco%2C_California)To the Whitcomb's credit, they take reasonable security measures; after dark, you cannot access the elevators unless you prove to a uniformed security guard that you do indeed have a room key in your posession.In summary - if you're thinking of booking here, evaluate why. If it's location, I'd recommend choosing another property further up Market Street, within the Financial District. If it's cost, you will likely be happy with the low room prices. Just be aware of what you're getting into with the surrounding neighborhood.	
Mar 29 2008 	whitcomb was great	It was a great stay. They upgraded us to a suite, so lots of room. Clean room and bathroom. Location was great for a couple that did not know any thing about getting around the city. There is a BART stop right outside the front door. The staff was great about questions that we had about the city and made good food recs.	
Mar 29 2008 	Unique and Amazing	We stayed at the Hotel Whitcomb in late March. I picked the hotel because it appeared unique and had history. We booked our room directly with the hotel via phone and only paid about $80 a night for a king size bed. This was our first trip to SF and I wanted it to be perfect and memorable since I would be proposing to my partner on this trip. It was amazing. The hotel staff was courteous and helpful. The hotel decor is amazing from the lobby all the way to the rooms. I can't say enough about how nice the hotel was. There were a few things about the hotel that could be improved however it is around 100 years old and some of age is what makes it so memorable and different than all the other hotel chains. When we booked our room I did it over the phone because I wanted to find a smoking room. They advised they had two out of there over 400 rooms and told me on 3 occasions that I could get a smoking room. When I arrived that was not the case and I was told they did not have any. Not a big deal but was slightly disappointed in the mis information. But after I checked in and was able to take in the beauty of the hotel I forgot about the whole smoking issue and enjoyed it just the same. (Actually we smoked less because of it). If I had to list the worst thing about the hotel I would have to say the water saving shower heads. If I had only one suggestion to make to the hotel it would be to reconsider the shower heads as there are many other water saver heads out there. Just a thought! We drove to SF and used the valet parking where we left our car without worry for 4 days. I don't suggest trying to drive in this city unless you know it well and at $28 a day to park and the public tranportation right out the front door of the hotel there is no need to drive. The public transportation is affordable at a $1.50 for most. If you go make sure to try the Hotel resturant. It is top notch and I had a perfect experience. You should also look up Incredible Adventures for a tour of the Muir Woods and Wine Country. Affordable and completely enjoyable. In conclusion, this hotel is a +4star hotel at a -3star price. You will not be disappointed and since my partner said &quot;yes&quot; we will either be going back for our honeymoon or maybe even plan our wedding there. Either way, I will definately stay at this hotel again and after my experience there I think any other hotel would be a let down.	
Mar 22 2008 	Exceeded my expectations	I was in town on business and the host company booked my room here. Have been to SF many times and stayed in about a dozen different hotels there over the years. TA reviews of Whitcomb were mixed, so I was a bit concerned. But every part of my experience exceeded my expectations.A large group was checking in, so I went to the bellman and checked a bag so I could spend a couple of hours enjoying the glorious sunny afternoon I arrived. He was friendly and helpful. The concierge was friendly and helpful. When I checked in later, the front desk staff was also friendly &amp; helpful.City rooms in old hotels are often tiny, but this one was adequate--queen bed, table with two easy chairs and a desk and chair. Bathroom was very small with staff shower, but everything was exceptionally clean. Furnishings looked like they were fairly new, nice curtains and wallpaper and art on the walls.Returning from the theatre, found the bar closing ( a bit too early on a Friday night!) but the security guard/doorman referred us to a bar two blocks away -- a good suggestion and very friendly.Starbucks convenient in the building.It was just a quick stay, but the place appeared very well maintained for a historic hotel. It does border a neighborhood with quite a few homeless on the street, but I found many homeless everywhere in SF along the whole Market Street corridor during this visit--more than I've seen before. I did not fee this was an unsafe neighborhood, and the locals who went to the bar with me said it was not.The room rate was, I believe $75, which is a bargain for SF--may have been a special rate for the business that booked me. But it is not in the hear of the tourist district where rooms are at least double that rate. However, it's only a 15 minute walk to Union Square or you can take BART -- there's a station right out front of the hotel.I will probably stay here again.I had a room near the back and there was some early morning noise by workers attending the garage of the nearby office building, but SF is a big city and such noises are to be expected.	
Mar 22 2008 	Highly recommend Hotel Whitcomb!	You've heard the term &quot;I left my heart in San Francisco&quot; well I left my heart in Hotel Whitcomb.... in San Francisco&quot;. As soon as I set foot through the lobby doors, I was impressed by its beautiful decor. The staff is SO friendly and helpful, yeah I know they're supposed to be friendly and helpful - its the hospitality industry...but this was different...I am a young single female traveller who often travels alone - I'm still new to all this traveling stuff so I'm still learning the ropes and the 'do's and don'ts'. Safety is always a concern for me and when the &quot;going gets tough&quot; I usually pack up and go home. Well, the &quot;going got tough&quot; and this time I couldn't go home (i'm on a multi destination city trip) . For whatever maybe the reason, my point is that at the height of my stress, the hotel staff and management looked after me and ensured that my problems were solved; they were polite, attentive, compassionate, professional and where they couldn't help - they ensured that I was comfortable. I'm not just talking about front desk but, also maid service (this one lady was really cool I wish I got her name), bell service - Yan, Mark in accounting - credit card problems - right up to the Hotel Manager, Khazi.Providing good service is the job of a hotel and its staff, providing excellent service is what makes a hotel and its staff exceptional, a hotel becomes exceptional by the way they handle emergencies and Hotel Whitcomb did just that! I highly recommend this hotel not only for its comfortable bouncy beds, free internet services, beautiful decor at an affordable price- I'm recommending it for the staff services. But don't take my word for it - I encourage you to book a room and find out for yourself!Thank you Hotel Whitcomb!!!Cheers,Susannah	
Mar 17 2008 	Great Hotel at a Great Price	We got a great deal on this hotel through Orbitz once we decided to go to San Francisco. At first I was worried that we had booked too quickly and maybe should consider other options, but my partner convinced me to keep our original plans. I was very glad that we stayed at the Whitcomb!The location is great transit-wise - it is on the F-Line (historic streetcars) and is directly above the Civic Center Station of BART and MUNI Metro. It is also within walking distance of downtown and the financial district - it's not a short walk, but is enjoyable. I never felt unsafe at or around the hotel, and the hotel had great security. That said, it is close to the Tenderloin area so I would recommend taking the same precautions one would take in any large city, especially after dark. There are also many homeless people, although no more than other big cities.Our flight came in very early and the staff was friendly and worked with us to let us check in at around noon, well before the posted time of 3pm. In addition, they were quick to fix a broken light in our restroom.The rooms were actually larger than I expected given what we paid (less than $80/night) and the location. Our room faced Market St. and we did hear sirens and the streetcars rumble by, but did not have any problems falling asleep.The Starbucks in the lobby was great for our early mornings!I would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again when I return to San Francisco.	
Mar 16 2008 	Hotel from Hell...	When we got to the hotel we didn't know where to park, turns out that you have to pay for parking on top of having your car behind the hotel inside an alley way. As we continued the staff inside seemed very nice. The food was amazing! but the walls!?!?! were thin!! You can not sleep. If you are a light sleeper then I do not recomend! I am a heavy sleeper and I still woke up! there were very loud people that checked in and the &quot;hotel security&quot; did nothing about it when they were called. You can hear the ice machine working a mile away, the rooms are very small, no lock on the bathroom doors! WTF??? You have to pay for everything even internet downstairs. Just take your laptop. This is really not a good place to stay. I also read reviews and didn't listen i should have paid 100 bucks more it would have been worth it!	
Mar 16 2008 	Friendly staff and affordable!	The grandness of the hotel stops at the lobby (beautiful woodwork and old world charm.) The hallway leading to rooms has a &quot;funky&quot; smell ( combination hospital and restaurant smell. ) The carpet in the hallway sure needs to be steamed-clean (it is obviously dirty and could be the reason for the odor.) The room is small. I will not recommend it for guests with children, but it will get the job done for a couple who will spend most of their time outside. The bathroom is clean, but needs updating and some repairs. The sink area is tiny and really has no space to store your own toiletry stuff. The location is fine. It is very close to the post office, pharmacy, UPS store and a small diner across the street. The BART station, electric trolley or bus stop is right outside the hotel (very convenient feature.) You will not need a car to stroll around the city. The beggars and/or homeless are all over Market street and basically pose no harm - annoying, yes, but harmless in my eyes. It may be intimidating for folks who are from small towns, but, the scene is what I would expect from any big cities.The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Kudos to the concierge who spent time answering our questions and provided us with materials we needed with a smile on her face. I can't really comment on the promptness of the front desk service, no other customers were around when we checked in.Overall, I would recommend this hotel for its central location and price, just don't expect Four Seasons or Ritz accommodations.	
Mar 16 2008	A Pleasant Stay at Hotel Whitcomb	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Whitcomb while we visited our daughter who lives in San Francisco. When we first walked into the Whitcomb we were taken aback by the beautiful lobby with it's original historic charm. The staff was friendly and prompt and breakfast as the restaurant was excellent. Now, I am a very light sleeper and quite picky about where I sleep. I usually have the worst time sleeping in uncomfortable hotel beds but this was not the case with Hotel Whitcomb. The beds as well as the pillows were very comfortable. Overall our experience at Hotel Whitcomb was very pleasant and we would stay there again. The only con would be the road noise if your room faces the front of the hotel but that is to be expected when staying in the city.Having Starbucks right down stairs was also a perk!	
Mar 10 2008 	Old hotel small rooms sketchy neighbourhood	We stayed for 4 nights, for a conference at the Moscone. The hotel itself is old. It is nearly 100 years old from what I gather. It has been renovated and at one time was probably one of the cities nicer hotels. It is close to the Moscone center (10 min walk), and the BART (subway) is no more than 20 feet from the main entrance. Street cars pass directly in front of the building.The neighbourhood, is the major downside to the hotel. From what I can gather, it is one of the lower income neighbourhoods. There are many homeless and mentally ill people wandering there during the night and day. I came across 1-2 beggars who actively asked for money. Nothing threatening but it just gives you an idea for the neighbourhood. Someone had written that their baggage was stolen -- I can see that happening. Many homeless going throught the garbage and trying to sell stuff (CDs, DVDs, cell phones etc that may have been stolen). There are constantly sirens and traffic noise around.Parking is $23 a day (Valet only). The lot attendants were friendly enough but were a little hard on the cars from what I could see. (accelerating hard, jamming the brakes etc.) But they are there 24 hours a day so they watch the cars.The entrance and lobby are quite nice -- marble and granite. Wood support beams and plenty of brass. Service was pleasant and fast. There free wireless internet (slow) throughout the building and a business center with 4-5 computers. There is a Starbucks and a restaurant (pretty good but expensive).In the evenings there are several staff acting as security checking people as they come in. Inside, I felt safe.The hallways are huge and old. 12 foot ceilings with crystal chandeliers (it was quite dark). There are big mirrors at the ends of the halls that are slightly warped. This gives the place a very old and spooky feel.The rooms are small, old but clean. The bathrooms are a little bigger than those on a cruise ship. I could barely stand in it without touching the door or the sink. It was clean enough and everything worked but it is not modern by any means. Some plugs are 2 prong, so I had to go looking for something compatible with my laptop. There was no safe, although there were a limited number of small safety boxes at the front desk.So all in all, for a conference it is &quot;ok&quot;. It is a convenient location. If I were female and traveling alone I would not advise this location. Market street in general is fairly seedy, so stay out of this area. I would not return to this hotel.	
Mar 2 2008 	Classic style at the Whitcomb	A discount website got me two weekend nights at the Whitcomb for way cheaper than anyplace else downtown. This might mean I got the worst room in the place - but apart from a blah view (look - a monolithic Holiday Inn!), my room was terrific: clean and comfortable, with little to no street or hallway noise. It wasn't large, but it was cozy, and the tasteful decor &amp; furnishings had The Whitcomb's biggest advantage: Character. The rooms, the hallways, and the inviting lobby all feel old-school grand while still being friendly. The staff was welcoming too.As far as the location, the nearby transit puts many varied attractions within easy reach. Truth be told, some sketchy characters do drift outside the Whitcomb. They're also at the nearby public library and even at well-heeled areas like Union Square. They are not in the hotel. While I wouldn't want to loiter outside or stroll around the block late at night, I never felt unsafe here ... be sensible, stay alert, and enjoy yourself.	
Feb 25 2008 	the Whitcomb in San Francisco lavish and location at this price wow	I choose the Whitcomb due to it's great price and location downtown but was very suprised by the beauty of the hotel and the rooms. Its hard to beat the ease of getting to the hotel. BART and MUNI stop right at the front door. I was very tired when I arrived due to flight delays and they managed to get me an early checkin. The Staff was very friendly and the room was nice with a great view of city hall. This was my first time staying at the Whitcomb but not my last as I am coming back in March for a wedding.	
Feb 24 2008 	Just so-so	Entering the halls of the Whitcomb reminded us of the Shining. We were ready for that kid on a trike to come barreling down the hallways. That aside, the hotel itself was just ok. The room had nice, high ceilings which made it seem bigger than it was. The bathroom was a joke, it was about 2.5 feet wide. The shower was just bigger than a teeny closet with very low water pressure. The linens were like sand paper and seemed a little funky.The location is in the heart of hobo-ville but we never had any problems. The security appeared to be checking for room keys. A plus was the proximity to the Bart and Muni. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. We will not be returning to the Whitcomb. We were not impressed and it was just a bit too far from the action.	
Feb 23 2008 	Nice hotel great service great price	My husband and another couple recently stayed 4 nights on a birthday/business trip at the Whitcomb. Anyone who wants a budget priced hotel, but expects good service and clean accomodations would be very pleased here.The staff was excellent, my friends ordered extra pillows and they were delivered within minutes!!There is a Starbucks adjoining the beautiful lobby, and also a bar and restaurant. Our group would go to the bar in the afternoon and order expresso and sambuca and the staff would have it within minutes!As far as the location being a problem, I have seen many more &quot;street people &quot; in Atlanta. Yes, there were a few, but not a problem at all. At night you must show your room key to get in, so they are very security minded. I highly recommend the Whitcomb!	
Feb 22 2008 	My luggage was stolen	My luggage was stolen from the room. Hotel stuff did not help me. They asked not to call the police and promised to indemnify for my bags. But eventually I visited police station to get the report for the insurance company. And I did not get any compensation from the hotel. BE CAREFUL.	
Feb 11 2008	Just what I expected - great for the $$$	My husband and I were travelling to S.F. to celebrate our 10 year anniversary and needed and inexpensive hotel for the night. Trying to find such a thing in the city isn't easy but the Whitcomb hotel offered just that. The lobby was stunning with marble throughout and wonderfully crafted wood carved ceilings. Our room didn't have quite the charm of the lobby but I wasn't expecting much when I paid $89 for our room compared to $200+ everywhere else. Overall, it was nice and we had a wonderful 10-yr anniversary.	
Feb 7 2008 	Classic Old American Hotel	I have just returned from San Francisco and an enjoyable 6 night stay in The Whitcomb Hotel, I was a little worried at first having read the reviews on here and other sites, however my fears were unfounded, I was checked in by a Russian lady called Olga who not only was friendly but was funny too and instantly put me at ease, she explained about the Hotels services and what was happening in and around the Hotel in the time I was staying, My only prolem was the parking as is a little steep but Parking is San Francisco's 3rd Industry after banking and tourism!!My room not only was clean it was fully modernised and well equipped the cable TV was a god send! Big comfortable bed and even though I was on the front with traffic noise I still slept well.Joined to the hotel is the Florida Garden Restaurant the food was excellent and good value too (Clam Chouder was fantastic) also there is a Starbucks attatched. The local area is suffering a little but I only saw 2 or 3 homeless people my entire stay! Maybe because Hilary Clinton was speaking across the road one night!All in all a good hotel full of history and comfortable and I would gladly stop again and take my family!	
Feb 5 2008 	Great Timeless Hotel	The hotel was like stepping back in time, but in a good way. The hotel's architecture and decor were very tasteful. When travelling a lot, most hotels look the same, however this one will stick out in your memory. The rooms were very nice and huge! Staff were very nice and friendly. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel and I will stay again next time I am in San Francisco.	
Feb 1 2008 	Stay for the atmosphere and people	It really is too bad this hotel is located where it is, smack in the middle of downtown San Francisco. That means you'll encounter a lot of homless persons, and some of them can be downright rude. I never felt unsafe with the alcoholics and beggars, as I'm used to much worse in Oslo, Norway. But there were a lot of them, that is true.The hotel building is very nice, and has a lot of style. I have travelled a lot in the US, and it is one of the more charing hotels I've seen as for the style. It is nice to stay a place where there is actual history and the staff don't brag about &quot;columns dating all the way back to 1970&quot;.The biggest asset of this hotel is clearly the staff. They are very friendly and professional. The evening concierge went out of his way to help me find a decent Chinese take out place and provided menus. The front staff were effective and friendly, as were the maids. Unlike other hotels in the US, they actually followed the &quot;on the rack, don't take it back&quot; rule but left the towels there to be reused.The bath was very small but very clean, much newer than the rest of the room and with nice accessories for soap, shampoo etc. My double queen size room was small, but stylish. Also, something that people often forget, the roof was very tall. This means better air and a more spaceous feeling in the room.After evaluating the neighbourhood during the day and observing at night I walked outside in Market St. and was not harassed by any of the numerous beggars. But I can see how some might feel uncomfortable. No biggie, San Fran has good public communication and they are right outside the hotel door. Very nice.If I have to complain about something, I'd say the hotel room needs new doors. They show their age more than anything else there. Also, they do not provide a lot of noise insulation so there's some noise from the hallway. But I had no general noise problems aside from that. The WiFi was a bit flakey, and the parking was very expensive at $28 per night plus tax. That, however, included unlimited valet.	
Jan 31 2008 	Wonderful staffcomfortable beds great rates great location	I paid with taxes $90 for my petite double room which was not located on the street. My room was EXTREMELY QUITE which is very important to me. The beds were comfortable. The staff is what made my experience wonderful. My friend set off the earthquake sensor in the elevator and four of them got stuck for 45 minutes. The general manager treated all of us to lunch and drinks. Every member of their staff including the maid service was extremely accommodating and very friendly. Pay the extra few bucks for the larger room. The size difference is huge but our room was cozy for my boyfriend and I. We did not need to stay in the room that much. I visit SF a lot and the location is very centrally located for what you want. Buses and the bart take you everywhere right outside your door.The hotel's security is great and i felt very safe. If you are looking for a great price and a charming, quiet, cozy, and friendly place to stay, this is the place for you. I will come back as I am a regular visitor into the city. Oh, and the staff is very laid back as well. They DONT ring your room exactly at noon to get you out. Which I love........	
Jan 23 2008	loved the hotel 	We chose the Hotel Whitcomb because of its proximity to shopping and entertainment. The hotel is near the San Francisco Shopping Centre a major shopping hub located off of Market Street. Just a short cab ride from the hotel is the Metreon with movie theaters and shopping. My wife and I were thrilled that everything in the area supplied an abundance of thing to do. The hotel itself and the rooms are very nice. One thing is that the rates were very reasonable. All in all our stay was great and we will consider staying there again in the future.	
Jan 22 2008 	very pleasant stay	My husband and I spent a weekend in San Francisco and found a great deal through priceline. I decided to book in spite of the bad reviews and we enjoyed every minute in the hotel. Our room was small - but it was furnished with style and taste and everything was in excellent condition. We had a window to 8th street - so there was enough daylight too. The bed was very comfortable , the bathroom ok, the heating and the wireless Internet worked in the room. There was nothing to complain about, check in and check out were fast. Yes, there are some homeless people on the street, but they are nothing of a threat neither did they bother us. After all, the Bart and Muni Station is right in front of the hotel, Market street is busy and it is only a 10-15 minutes walk to Union Square. The Starbucks in the Lobby is an advantage for those who need coffee to wake up.	
Jan 22 2008 	OK for Price	This hotel was ok for the price paid. It was downtown close to Union Square and right above the MUNI/BART station so made it very convienent to get to other places. The room was clean however, it was old. If you like historical places you'll be fine. It wasn't modern or anything. The lobby is probably the best part of the hotel. it's very nice... The rooms are ok but looks like your in a haunted hotel from the 1920's. Overall good experience and the hotel will even store your luggage for you if you get there early or if you check out and your flight isn't until that evening and you want to check out more of the city. They will store it for you in the back room.	
Jan 21 2008 	Great hotel super rate at night area is very much city life (good and bad)	The neighborhood will scare some, and I expected a low-end hotel due to that and the low rate, but instead got a stellar hotel with great rooms. If the neighborhood is an issue, the subway is about 10 steps from the front doors. Room very very nice. Did not use all the services, but seemed very elegant, and for those who described run down aspects, our room and everything we passed by was in great shape. Great value. Would stay again in a heartbeat.	
Jan 21 2008	Fine for an overnight stay	I stayed here one night because I had job interviews in the city the next day. I chose the hotel because of the location - right on Market (a major road), and right in front of the civic center BART station. Getting around was very easy from the hotel. I did arrive around midnight and ended up exiting the BART station a few blocks east of the hotel so I had to walk to get there. There are lots of panhandlers and people roaming around, but no one bothered me. I also felt a strong police presence so I wasn't scared, but certainly wasn't comfortable. Perhaps a taxi would be better for single women arriving alone late at night, just to be perfectly safe. As for the hotel, I stayed in a very junior double room that was tiny but adequate for just me. It would have been too tight for 2 people. The room was clean and had all the necessities. The only weird thing (as others have noted) is that the hallway was painted in a very strange style and yes, I did think of the shining. Other than that this was a perfect hotel for a quick stay. Oh - internet is EXPENSIVE if you don't bring your own computer - $5 for 20 min.	
Jan 15 2008 	Hotel Whitcomb Worked for Us	We stayed here to be close to our early morning weekend wedding at SF City Hall. Got great rates thru the Trip Rewards website using the AAA rate option. We booked several rooms – one for us (bride and groom), one for bridal party, out of town parents, photographer, etc…This hotel was picked due to the proximity to city hall and because of the historic background. (It once served as city hall briefly). We had even considered having the wedding in their ballroom – but opted for city hall instead.We had a variety of room types – from a queen (1 bed) room – 2 double beds – king suite….Everyone was satisfied with their accommodations. The beds were comfy and the wifi worked well for everyone that tried it.T.J, one of the hotel’s managers, treated us wonderfully at check-in (Thursday, January 3) and was very patient – even though I had several reservations and was checking in people that had not even arrived yet. He even upgraded our room to a suite when he found out about our upcoming wedding. The room had a fantastic view of city hall. He offered a crib when he found out one of the guests would be bringing a baby. (We had brought a play yard - but the offer and attention to detail was not overlooked) Champagne (and a very nice candy and fruit basket) was sent up to our room to help us celebrate. We do not drink, but we ate that chocolate!Pros: good rates, good customer service, clean, decent parking rates (valet parking is $28 a night here - compared to over $40 we paid at the Palace Hotel --- and other SF hotels are even more – it is San Francisco …you pay to park EVERYWHERE, just plan on it)Cons: This hotel is a victim of their neighborhood somewhat – but they do have a good security staff that handles their front door and we always felt safe. Also, parking at this hotel can be a tad confusing as you must pull around to the back of the hotel as that is where their parking is. If you call ahead they warn you about this and explain the process. Basically, if pass the hotel, (and it is on your right as you are traveling down Market) you turn right at the light and then turn right into the next driveway – (this can be confusing as it says “public parking”) If you pull in and tell the valet that you are a hotel guest, they take care of you, help you with bags, call a bellman etc.My only complaint is this: I made a special point to stop by the front desk (Friday afternoon, January 4) to check in our wedding photographer (she arrived a day later than the rest of the guests that stayed at the hotel) and to make sure her room was all set and she could pick up her own key when she arrived, because we would be away from the hotel, doing those last minute wedding errands. A hotel manager (Darin) handled this. Several hours later when our photographer arrived, it is lucky we were back, because, she would have had to wait for us. Seems the check-in process had not been completed, even though I had given my credit card and was assured it was all set. Luckily, the gentleman helping us was very cordial and understanding, because I was tired and annoyed.My advice about the hotel restaurant - skip it! We ate a small rehearsal breakfast here on Friday morning. (party of 7 adults, 1 baby; bill $125) The food is not bad and the prices were fair for the style of place. My complaint has to do with the service. Despite there being only two other very small tables in the place, we waited – for everything. One guest finally gave up on getting mayo for his sandwich and ate it dry. Coffee was never refilled - my son-in-law finally got up, got the coffee pot himself and placed it on the table. Dad’s milk was spoiled (he got another glass- but it took a while) and some drinks were finally served mid meal after repeated requests. I would hate to think what the service would be like if they were actually busy. If you want decent prices, good food and good service – walk across the street to Sam’s Diner..My advice about parking and getting around (especially at night): We left our cars parked for the most part and took cabs everywhere – it is just easier and usually more cost effective than driving in this area of the city.All in all, this is a very good 3 star property, by any standards, actually higher if you compare it to most other 3 star properties in San Francisco. If you go there expecting that you should fine. If you go expecting a 5 star place – you may not be happy.We were happy enough there to extend our stay beyond what we originally planned. Thank you, T.J. Weddings are stressful, you made ours a little easier on us.	
Jan 9 2008 	This is San Francisco.	I suppose when reading reviews of this place, you need to know where the reviewer is coming from. We're a couple in our early 30s who was looking for a) a good price b) clean rooms c) good location. We definitely got all of the above.I had read a lot of reviews of this place after we had booked. And really though there are many homeless in the neighbourhood, I'm not sure what you'd expect being in such a central location. The location is pretty great seeing that a BART/Muni entrance is right in front. It is within easy walking distance of Union Square and other downtown attractions like the Asian American Art Museum, Yerba Buena Park, SFMOMA, Civic Center etc. It's also very close to the shops in the more recently gentrified Hayes Valley. If you're willing to do a bit more walking, Haight/Ashbury and the Castro are totally accessible. And if you're willing to be adventurous, the Tenderloin is very close. The lobby is quite beautiful, though it is an older place so the furniture is a bit worn. We spent some time in the lobby area, because the WiFi was not accessible in our room. However, I've had this problem in many establishments ranging from Travelodge to Hyatt. The halls have enough lighting and though they do sort of remind me of The Shining(as mentioned by a previous reviewer) I don't think it's a bad thing. The elevators were fine, however we did notice the elevator inspection certificates were expired. We asked for a room with two double beds instead of a single queen and we found we had ample space. The bathroom was clean and we didn't find them too small, though there was really not much of a sink counter. As in most place, the fan could be cleaner as well as the air conditioner in the room. However we didn't use the air conditioner, bec. it was winter. The sheets on one of the beds had a strange stain, but the other bed was fine. We did not have any bed bugs. Of course the sheets weren't as soft as my 600 TC Egyptian cotton from home, but they were no worse than any other hotel sheets. The towels were also standard issue hotel towels.We had a huge closet and the iron and ironing board looked new. The halls do have a bit of a strange smell, though we did not find that to be the case in our room. Overall we got a great price for our room. We stayed there 5 nights and were comfortable. I think you may be able to find a nicer hotel in San Francisco, but not for the same price. And I'm sure that you can do much worse in this price range.	
Dec 23 2007 	Decent Hotel in a mediocre neighborhood	When staying at the Hotel Whitcomb, it is important to understand what you are getting. The hotel has a nice, elegant lobby and a friendly, helpful staff. Apparently, the hotel has been around for almost a century and has a very dated feeling about it. Hallways throughout the hotel are poorly lit, and I kept thinking to myself that it was reminiscent of 'The Shining', particularly when there aren't any other guests in the halls. As for the actual rooms in the hotel, I was somewhat dissapointed. The room I stayed in was a single, queen bed room that had little room to maneuver. The room had a strong smell of disinfectant, that took a while to get used to. On the brightside, the bathroom was in great condition and looked to have been recently remodeled, although it was small and would be suited for a single occupant at a time. It is also worth noting to people who aren't familiar with San Francisco, that this hotel is located in the civic center/ downtown. While this means that the hotel is centrally located, it also means that there are alot of homeless and shady charachters around. Overall, I would reccomend the hotel to someone who enjoys older, atmospheric hotels at a good price (I paid $80 for a one-night Saturday stay). If you prefer a more contemporary hotel with more of a modern atmosphere in the downtown area, I would probably reccomend the Holiday Inn at 1500 Van Ness which is located about 10 blocks north ($125 a night for a single king-bed).	
Dec 13 2007 	Amazing Hotel!!!!	The Hotel Whitcomb is an amazing hotel that i would recommend to anyone wanting to stay in a great part of San Francisco. The staff where amazing and very nice. The doorman was very nice and very helpful in getting a taxi. The rooms where small, but for san francisco, where good in size. The maids where very nice and the rooms where always very clean. The hotel is also has a great location being that it is on Market Street which is one of the main streets in San Francisco. There is a Starbucks in the lobby area which is very nice and convinent. The hotel is very nice and okay prici wise. I would recommend this hotel for a small family or couple.	
Dec 6 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	I was looking for a hotel that was conveniently located close to the San Francisco Opera House and chanced upon the Hotel Whitcomb. After reading the Tripadvisor reviews I had my doubts but booked a room because it was the only hotel within walking distance of the Opera House. I was pleasantly surprised. The Hotel was a wonderful choice. The staff was friendly and accommodating and found my traveling companion and myself rooms despite our early arrival. The Whitcomb was clean and welcoming. The guest rooms were spacious and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was small but appeared to be recently remodeled. The windows were large and well lit with natural light. We traveled by cab to the Warf and to the airport, and the bellman was helpful in getting us a cab whenever we wanted one. We ate breakfast in the beautiful dining room and it was very nice and the food was delicious. Granted the area is run down and there were quite a few homeless, but I never felt unsafe--even walking back from the Opera House at 10:30 in the evening. The price was very reasonable for a central city hotel. I would have absolutely no reservations about recommending this hotel to any one visiting San Francisco. It was a delightful stay and unexpected surprise.	
Dec 4 2007 	Convenient City Hotel	We booked this hotel as the first hotel on a two week trip to California. I had stayed at this hotel on two previous occasions some years ago but my wife had never stayed here. She picked the hotel from the pictures and reviews on the internet. We were not disappointed.The hotel is great for the city being within a 20 minute walk of union square and having a MUNI stop right outside the lobby. The rooms have been re-furbished since my last visit and were adequately decorated but not exceptionally appointed. A little more attention to detail in the bathroom would have paid huge dividends and the walk-in wardrobe was little more than a glorified storage cupboard but the rooms were serviced daily and the beds were super comfortable.The location of the hotel leaves it amidst the usual gathering of destitute individuals but we were never harrassed or tormented and let's face it, every major city on the planet suffers the same. We never tried the restaurant in the hotel but I have every reason to believe the excellent reviews that I have read on the internet.We were received with friendly efficiency and were greated daily with a smile and help at reception.The car parking is extortionate by comparison to similar hotels elsewhere in the country but is typical for San-Francisco. We paid $24 per day but this did ensure that the car was secure and a phone call had the car ready and waiting for us whenever we needed it.On the whole I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wished to stay in a good value hotel convenient to the city centre, public transport and thereby all the attractions of the bay. And as it's only twoo blocks from the 9th street ramp, very easy to get to from the airport. We would use this hotel again.	
Nov 27 2007 	Hotel fine	Booked in this Hotel by United Airlines, as we were on a tour of California through their tour company, we didn't choose it ourselves and after reading all the negative reviews, I was not looking forward to staying there. No need to have worried, room was big, clean, and quiet with a comfortable queen size bed. Bathroom was clean, with nice toiletries, soft towels and plenty of room. Had a large walk in closet, with plenty of room for luggage etc, plus iron and ironing board. Didn't smell and didn't have bed bugs. The Bart was easy to find at the airport and the escalator dropped us off at the Hotel Door. The trams stopped outside the door, it was in easy walking distance of all the shops and Union Square, all in all this Hotel was very well situated. The staff were not a problem, but then again I didn't expect them to grovel to my every need, perhaps this is because I'm English. We ate breakfast at 'Sams Diner' facing the Hotel, and ate our evening meal in the Hotel restaurant, which was very nice. We were not threatened by the Homeless people outside the Hotel, what few there were, We were given the impression that there were loads of them by the comments made on this site. There were homeless people everywhere we went in San Francisco. We also walked about at night without being hassled.	
Nov 25 2007 	Interesting	This hotel was absolutely horrible! I always read trip advisor before staying at a hotel. However, considering we were in San Francisco for a cheer competition, we thought it would be in our best interest to stay at the Whitcomb with the rest of our daughters team. I just could not take it! As we checked in , I thought to myself that the hotel did not seem too bad, the lobby was descent. But oh my goodness....when we went upstairs, it was terrible. I never stayed somewhere like this! The rooms and beds were so small, I wondered how my 6'2&quot; husband would fit in these beds. The shower area was just disgusting! And the smell was just undescribable, it sort of smelled like mildew. I literally began to fell nauseated. This hotel needs to go under serious renovations. I do not recommend this place to anyone. We stayed in this room all of 2 hours and went to the Hilton approximately 5 minutes away. The rate was only $20 more a night. Well worth it! The Hotel Whitcomb has given me a new appreciation for nicer hotels. This website is an awesome source for information concerning any hotel.	
Nov 24 2007 	Very dodgy area	We stayed here for a week at end of oct 06, the hotel was ok, had a very spooky feeling about it, might have just been us though. It had really high ceilings and all the halls had really dim lighting, bit of an obssession with mirrors aswell as all the halls and lifts had them everywhere. Also when we turned the shower on in the bathroom you could hear all the water shaking through the pipes like in an old spooky house that hadn't been used for years. The bathroom was really big too, decor was abit outdated but was clean.The area was really dodgy, was probably the worst thing about the hotel, alot of homeless people outside hanging around. My friend who i travelled with smoked outside as we had a non-smoking room and everytime he went out he was harrassed by homeless people for cigarettes and money.Theres a good shopping centre just up the road on Market St, can't remember the name of it though, alot of places to eat too.Was only a short bus/subway trip up to the clubs at castro, we spent halloween in San Francisco and was the best night i've had in a long time, the castro area has a bad name at halloween time because of previous trouble. Halloween night i think 3 people got shot or might have been stabbed, luckily we were nowhere near and didn't see a thing but always good to keep an eye out for trouble and keep well away. Everyone in the city was pretty friendly, a few staff members in the hotel were quite rude, and we weren't happy we had to leave $100 at reception when we checked in, although we did get it back.Overall standard hotel nothing great, but nothing majorly wrong except dodgy area.	
Nov 11 2007 	Great hotel and great price!	We had a great stay at this hotel! The staff were courteous, location was very central and the rooms were tidy and spacious.We contacted them in advance and told them it was our honeymoon, and they upgraded us for free to a beautiful corner suite with a separate living area and big bedroom. We paid roughly $125 a night including tax.Our bathroom was spacious with a bath and amenities provided. The towels were a little small but that's nothing to complain about!They have a Starbucks downstairs and a decent diner across the road (great for breakfast), plus the bus/tram stops just outside the hotel door so you have ready access to get around.Overall we had a great stay at this hotel - we actually spent a lot of time in the hotel room as we didn't enjoy San Francisco so much (it was very cold and overcast, and not as exciting as we thought it would be!) so we really enjoyed our stay here!	
Nov 10 2007	Disgusting	The hotel website is very misleading. This hotel was disgusting. The rooms were tiny, and dirty. Asked for an extra blanket and recieved one with cig burns and dirt on it. The bathtub was stained with a brown grime. Holes in the sheets. Cob webs in the bathroom. Cover to the hairdryer fan was not in place and my daughter caught her hair in it. Turned on the fan and dust came flowing out. Housekeeping did not change sheets and did not even rinse out coffee pot or coffee cups. Did not change towels for second night, they were hung up and still damp. I complained to the front desk and they offered me 60 off a 400 dollar bill. Not happy with that. When my daughter and I returned home we both had weird rashes and were informed by a dr. that we had bed bug bites. I have contacted the BBB and the health department. The hotel manager Mr. Lee seems to find my complaints slightly ammusing and has thus yet given me any concrete yes to a refund. Looks like I will have to go the legal route. Please stay away from this dirty, rude, bug bearing place. The only good thing this place has is Starbucks.	
Nov 9 2007 	Interesting and very interesting.	This is a very interesting property. This very old hotel seems like it needs a renovation. The lobby is lovely, and the front desk people were very accommodating and friendly. This one gentleman, tall guy, was very sensitive to our needs and did everything possible to make me at least somewhat pleased with the property. I then realized that it was definitely not the hotel that made my stay good, but the front office person, and the housekeepers. The hotel is hardly intact, I couldn't even find where a staircase was instead of using the creaky elevators. The people running the hotel most definitely need to fix the wireless internet... it barely worked in my room. Luckily the front desk was more than understanding and moved me to a room that worked substantially better. Good thing it was only one night. As a business traveler, I can tell that this place is losing a lot of money on people who travel on business if they cannot keep them coming back with the amenities business people need. I won't stay here again, its a shame but this place really has potential. The front desk people really put the effort in for me to like it but it just wasn't what I was hoping for as a physical hotel.	
Nov 2 2007 	Okay hotel but not so crazy about the area	After reading some of the most recent reviews I have to agree with some of the recent reviews on here but not all.My husband and I stayed at the hotel just a few weeks ago. It was our first visit to San Francisco. First, YES the hotel is showing it's age. A little worn around the edges but quite clean. Other than that it was a pretty decent hotel and we found the staff were quite helpful. Upon arriving to the hotel my husband accidentally lost his wallet and the staff was very accomodating. Yes, the area just outside the hotel is a little &quot;seedy&quot;. We arrived at nite and I was surprised at how many hopeless people there were in the area. Even the next morning walking down Market Street i didn't feel completely safe although they weren't too aggressive. We were advised as soon as it gets dark not to walk around the area but to take cabs which we did. I'm not sure if I would necessarily stay there again if we went back as I much preferred the area closer to the Westfield Shopping Centre but all in all it was a good experience and my husband even got his wallet back with nothing missing! :)	
Oct 30 2007 	would never go back	we booked the hotel as it was reasonable and apparently in a good central location. Like others we did not feel safe as soon as we left the hotel, even in the middle of the day. The rooms were not particularly clean and our final night was ruined by the incompetence of the hotel staff. They offered to check us in on line for our flight home but failed to print our boarding cards or seat us together. They did not try to fix the problem and we were left to go on the internet at $5 a go and stay on hold to the airlines helpdesk, the whole episode taking about 2 hours. We also had to get to the airport over 4 hours ahead of our flight to ensure we could get boarding cards and ended up paying a further $110 so that we could sit together. I would not recommend it to anybody.	
Oct 29 2007 	Scary...	The staff was rude and unaccommodating. The room itself was filthy- vomit on the bed skirt, soda or something spattered on the walls, and towels that felt like gym socks. The room had been smoked in for several decades even though we thought we were getting a non-smoking room when we booked it. All of this was topped off with a midnight shouting match in the hallway. At least security did eventually show up- well after it was over. I wouldn't stay here again under any circumstances. Even if some people seemed to have decent stays don't chance it, this place is a bad joke.	
Oct 28 2007 	Not suitable for families	We arrived late afternoon with our three children and went out for a wonder in the vicinity-big mistake-the area is very unsavoury after dark and we felt distinctly unsafe and travelled by taxi at night for the rest of our stay This hotel is best suited to business customers-not people like us with children. The rooms were fine-altho there was a mix up with the booking and it took us 45 mins to check in. The prices in the restaurant are more suited to people on expenses-$15 for continental breakfast-but there are cheaper places to eat. Try Mels Diner at junctionof Geary and Van Ness-$7.99 for all day steak and eggs.would not stay here again with children.	
Oct 26 2007 	Historical Gem ~ Sketchy Area	Great old historical place on Market Street....If taking BART from SFO Airport get off @ Civic Center stop and you will be just steps from the hotel. (Round trip to Airport is exactly $10.30).Perfect location if you are going to the beautiful &amp; historical Orpheum Theatre directly across the street...we caught &quot;The Color Purple&quot; live stage musical (Excellent!) Also only a block or two from city hall.Cool, vintage trolley cars travel up and down Market Street all day.The room was small w/ high ceiling.Front Desk &amp; Concierge were VERY nice &amp; helpful.Starbucks located in lobby.The website says you can ask for a tour of the basement where the old jail was located, however, the manager came out personally and let me know that they cannot actually give the tours any longer because thier insurance does not cover it.Only bad thing about this hotel is there are alot of street people hanging around (especially after dark) hustling you when you walk the streets surrounding the hotel.	
Oct 14 2007 	Great and affordable	The Whitcomb was a lifesaver. Another local hotel decided to cancel my reservation and they had a vacancy for a very affordable price! I am actually GLAD it turned out this way.Yes, the hotel is a bit &quot;older&quot; but it is very well maintained with a great and super friendly staff. It feels like a &quot;Grand&quot; Hotel. Frankly, I don't know what kind of mattress that last reviewer had, but mine was very comfortable - I was quite impressed.The room I got was the petite suite, and the size is smaller than average, but I don't feel enclosed.As for the local area, yes, this isn't Pacific Heights -- and yes, there are a few homeless people. But I don't feel how that presents a danger to me. I never felt threatened once.Last night,I had apparently left my door creekd open. Security knocked on my door at 2:50 am or so to inform me of that and closed the door for me. Although being awoken startled me, I was grateful that the staff was that intuitive that they patrol the hallways at night to make sure all is well.I am happy this all worked out as it did and the next time I am in the Bay Area I will for sure be staying here!	
Oct 13 2007	Not best part of town	I stayed at this hotel for the first time for a business trip. Due to the last minute booking (a week ahead of the trip) most of the hotels in the downtown area were booked. I have been to San Francisco a couple of times before and love the city. However this area of town where the Whitcomb was located was my first visit. This is an older hotel as advertised. But the decor is in need of much needed update. The appearance of the registration area was my first hint at what lay ahead - cracks and marks on the cabinets. The check in attendant was friendly enough. I had a mental thought to ask not to be placed near the elevator and away from heavy traffic. I wish I spoke up because that was where I was placed - and even better - next to the ice machine. The room was small. The mattress was old and uncomfortable. The blanket had stains on it. The bathroom was bearable- but there was trash left in the trash bin which I was surprised to see (you don't need to know what was in there). The tub had marks on the floor but not too scary.As other reviewers have said- outside the hotel there are many homeless people. I walked from downtown to the hotel one day and thought never to do that again. thankfully the BART station was right outside the hotel. I used that the rest of my stay.So overall I wouldn't stay at this hotel again. The rate I paid wasn't that much less than what I think I would have paid at a Hilton or similar chain, had there been availability. I will say that the BART station accessibility and the adjoining Starbucks were good points to the hotel.	
Sep 26 2007	good location!	The Hotel Whitcomb is a good hotel. This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel. The front desk prompt, conceirge knowledgable and helpful, security is friendly too. The rooms are okay... clean, but need a little update. Bring your earplugs because between the not so soundproof windows and being right in the city it's hard for a light sleeper. The location was good right near civic center BART station so taking it in from the San Francisco Intl' Airport is a breeze(only $5.15) and anywhere else in the city.....this makes renting a car not worth the money! I walked most of the time.This hotel is walking distance to city hall and the bill graham convention center. If you turn right out of the hotel it wasn't such a good area, but when I went left I found cute shops, restaurants and cafe's....wishing in the back of my mind I wish I had more time to try them all. I would stay here again but more for the location and friendly staff.	
Sep 23 2007	Enjoy The Experiance	My name is colin,and my wife,barbara,sister in-law,linda,stayed at the hotel as part of a tour,throughout our stay we where impressed by the friendly staff,nothing was too much trouble for them,they where always happy and cheerfull,even laughed at my corny jokes.The hotel itself was perhaps these days not situated in a perfect location,as there are a lot of homeless people in the area,however they where very polite and respectfull,and these days every city has these poor people on their streets.whilst staying at the hotel,we dined in the restaurant,and we where very pleased with our meal,and once again the service was excellent,the young man who served us was as all the staff very friendly,and joined in with us ,having fun.We have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone .	
Sep 19 2007 	Not a 4 star hotel as promised	WE were booked into the Whitcomb hotel as part of a package put together by Legendary Journeys. It was advertised by them as a 4 star hotel. Since we had both beeen to S.F. many times ,we askedto have 2 extra nights put on to our stay at the Whitcomb. WE brought the paper work with us showing our prepaid voucher for 4 days. The staff behind the desk was extremly confused about our booking. THey did have us to arrive on the correct date but to leave after 2 days. We had to converse with many people before we were allowed in our room . The staff seemed to be having problems with many other reservations as well. WE finally did get to our room . Extremely small but a confortable bed. The location of the hotel may be good for public transportation. It was not very good when we were walking home at night. Lots of homless people on the street. THe hotels stars have definely faded out of existance. If you can afford to stay somewhere else I would. If we had not been told we were staying in a 4 star hotel we would not have added nights to our stay.	
Sep 4 2007 	Ok for 60 bucks (bid your own price)	Very convenient location, because many modes of public transportation steps are away from the entrance. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room could use a makeover and the mattress was worn and offered very litte support. The area outside the hotel left something to be desired. The Civic Center area lived up to the reputation of Homeless Central. I was a woman traveling alone and I never felt threatened or bothered (other than the attack on my nose) by the homeless people at any time during the day or night. After I checked out it was shocking to see a very small sign outside the front entrance stating there are cancer causing chemicals located in the building. I think this is something that should be disclosed during the reservation process or displayed at the front desk. I probably wouldn't stay here again.	
Sep 2 2007 	Nice Old Hotel with Great Service	I stayed at the Whitcomb Hotel at the end of August while I was on business and I am pleased to say that it was great. The front desk staff was very helpful and accommodating to my requests. The staff did everything they could to make me feel welcome. I recommend to this hotel to anyone who likes great customer service, clean rooms, and a great sense of vintage hospitality. I will be back.	
Aug 31 2007 	Diamond in the rough	I wasn't sure what to expect from this hotel, but was delightfully surprised at the elegant interior. Lots of marble and ornate wood in the lobby. The rooms were nicely decorated and clean though the bathrooms are on the small side. Interesting location-- near Civic Center, opera house and live theater ( you can walk to all these)-- plus Bay Area Rapid Transit station right in front of the hotel. Neighborhood is not a nice as the hotel; would call it a bit seedy, but not dangerous. The food was surprisingly good in the hotel restaurant. Not your usual hotel fare. Also the atmosphere in the restaurant was very nice an upscale.  The staff was courteous and seemed eager to help, though I did not give them anything out of the ordinary to do.  It was overall a surprising and very pleasant experience. From the outside you really don't know. It is a &quot;diamond in the rough.&quot;	
Aug 23 2007 	Not so much	It's easy to say something like, &quot;the Whitcomb is a Motel 6 with fancy architecture&quot;, but that's somewhat south of unhelpful, so we can put it this way:The hotel staff were rude and very unhelpful. There were a number of &quot;accounting errors&quot; on our bill, which took a great deal of time and hassle to correct - the front desk staff maintained that &quot;We do not offer those prices&quot;. Thankfully, we brought a printout of our reservation to prove to them that they in fact, did offer the disputed rate.It a sad and increasingly common feature of the travel industry to make profound cost-cutting efforts and throw up bureaucratic business policies in the hopes that the aggravated traveller will simply give up.To be fair to the Whitcomb, which is more than it deserves, the rooms were quiet and clean. If you're really taken by architecture, have a cup at the Starbucks and enjoy the lobby - but you're not losing a thing by giving the Hotel Whitcomb a miss.	
Aug 11 2007	Bring on the Noise and the Homeless	My wife and I stayed here for two nights on our way north to Seattle. I had high expectations for a three star hotel. Our room was clean and big enough for the two of us. The hotel is located on &quot;Homeless Row&quot; (Market Street and 8th). I had been to SF about 7 years back. It seems that the homeless population has multiplied like Gremlins. They were all over. The BART is right outside the door which was great. You definitely don't need a car if you are going to stay in the city. It is about a 10 minute walk to the Cable Car Line. The hotel charged 30 bucks a night for parking. My biggest complaint was the noise. We had a second floor street side room (booked through Hotwire). I live in Houston and am use to noise, but it was constant all night long between the police cars, garbage trucks, homeless and cars. If I had to do it again, I would stay somewhere else to get a good night rest.	
Aug 8 2007	Great time at the Hotel Whitcomb	We had an excellent stay at the Hotel Whitcomb. Everyone was very accommodating and pleasant. Our room was very nice and comfortable. We had a delicious breakfast in the restaurant -- we did it all!	
Aug 6 2007	Historic Can Be Good!	Was delighted when we walked into this hotel - the lobby is lovely - marble, wood, and crystal chandeliers. Very stately and elegant. Found out the hotel was historic- which fits. Elevator cautions about &quot;sudden movements&quot; and they feel original, rather creaky. Hallways are wide with high ceilings and more chandeliers. The room had the high ceilings and Windows that actually OPEN!! Wonderful. Bathroom even had a window that opened which was a treat. Beds were a bit tired, but the maid said they were getting new ones this year, and we saw some nice ones going into a room. Peaked into the room and it was entirely different from the one we had. Ok, the place is old, and maybe a bit funky, but it is clean and in decent condition. Everyone was friendly and helpful. I'd stay there again. We read the concerns about strolling late at night with the homeless in the area, but we would walk back to the hotel at night, and never felt threatened at all. And, if you don't like the homeless, you really can avoid them completely with the public transportation since the bus and cable cars are right outside the front door. We took BARTto the hotel and back to the airport. It's also right outside the front door and is amazingly simple.The best surprise of all was how good the food at the restaurant was. We always expect &quot;hotel food&quot;, so usually skip the hotel restaurant. This lady in the elevator said the food was really good, so we tried it. Delicious! and equal in quality to the other restaurants we dined at in San Francisco (known for good eats.) It was better than a famous one I won't mention that was a lot more expensive!	
Jul 27 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Value!	I've vacationed in San Francisco at least once a year over the past five years and each time I visit I stay at the Hotel Whitcomb (formerly the Ramada Plaza). The rooms have always been clean, the hotel staff extremely friendly and accommodating, and the amenities are plentiful. Free wireless internet access is available, and even though its a bit slow at times, it's fast enough to surf the web or to keep in touch with family back home. Public transportation is right outside the door to get you to the Castro District, Fishermans Wharf, SFO, or wherever you want to visit. I am staying at the hotel as I write this review and I'm as happy with my stay now as I have been in the past. - RAS	
Jul 25 2007	Okay hotel in a bad neighborhood	To begin...the parking was behind the hotel and difficult to find. The lobby of the hotel is nice with marbel and dark wood. The hotel staff was friendly. Our room was in a back corner of a hotel. The hotel room was large and clean, but was dimmly lit and had a musty smell. I attempted to open the window in the bathroom to get some fresh air, and the window pain nearly fell out of the window frame! Although this was a reasonably priced hotel, the location is awful! We didn't realize what the neighborhood was like when we drove to the hotel, but we quickly learned. There are many adult stores nearby, a lot of borded-up store fronts and a lot of homeless. Near the hotel we passed a man in hand cuffs surrounded by at least 6 police officers. Although the hotel itself was fine, I was very happy to leave the hotel due to it's location.	
Jul 23 2007 	great service at the Whitcomb	We spent three nights at the Whitcomb last week. We had two events at Davies Hall and the hotel is within easy walking distance. We found the service in both the hotel and the adjoining restaurant to be excellent. The room was clean, comfortable and attractive. Parking was convenient. All in all, a very good stay. We will use the Whitcomb again, especially when going to the symphony or opera.	
Jul 19 2007 	Great location minus the homeless	My fiance and I traveled to San Francisco for the MLB All-Star Weekend. The Whitcomb was a great hotel for the location. We booked our reservations through Travelocity so I do not know how much the regular rate would have been but we got a fabulous deal. The hotel is in the heart of downtown. Steps away from the BART, MUNI, and trolley cars. We used public transportation the entire time, it was so convenient. We did not eat at the hotel but started our day with Starbucks the is attatched to the hotel. Across the street is a diner that has great breakfast and there is also a Burger King. I was expecting a really small room because the hotel had a boutique feel and it was in the heart of the city. I was very surprised to find a large room with full size bathroom and large closet. It felt like a Bath &amp; Breakfast room. It was very cozy. The only thing we did not like was the city of SF. It seemed dirtier than most larger cities and there was an abundance of homeless in the area of the hotel. They seemed harmless but it did not help our impression of the city. I highly recommend this hotel for the business traveler as well as the family vacationing to SF.	
Jul 18 2007 	Historic Comfortable and Delicious Dining	Traveling for pleasure to see San Francisco, the Whicomb was in just the right spot. We parked the car and utilized the public transport right outside the front door. (Next time-no car, you can even BART from the airport). The entry of the hotel is striking in marble and crystal-a National Historic Hotel, the staff is welcoming and very accomodating and the wide hallways lead to comfortable well appointed rooms. And then we had dinner. Beautiful presentations, great flavor and more than enough value for the price-more than usually found in a hotel restaurant. Granted, the neighborhood is in a transition-in the upward direction, so a bit of &quot;colorful&quot; street activity still exists. The perfect place for singles or couples traveling to San Francisco. Also, just a couple of blocks from the Civic Center.	
Jul 16 2007 	Checkin wasl SLOW but Overall  Good experience	After reading the reviews, I was very skeptical, but when I arrived, I was please with the lobby, ballroom, and interior of the lobby area. It was very beautiful. Checkin was very SLOW, as there was a line and only one person working the desk. The only negative was that the lady who checked me in ( Christina) was visibly irritated and grumbling that I had booked the hotel at a lower rate than what she stated was the rack rate for the hotel. TIP: Take your confirmation number/ rate quote paperwork with you when you go there to check in, so you can show them the rate you were confirmed and hold them to it, otherwise, you will be hinted &quot; well, we charge x amount of dollars for this night....&quot;, and get your rate changed.  ANOTHER TIP: CONFIRM at checkin , the number of days that you are confirmed to stay, otherwise, you may wind up with one or two additonal days on the bill. This almost happened to me, but happened to several other guests I met at the hotel. All had the extra days removed from the bill.ANOTHER TIP: Watch for parking fees ( 28.00) being added to your bill whether you ask for them or not. Desk staff automatically assumed that you are driving, and WILL ADD IT TO YOUR BILL ANYWAY. I had this charge removed since I did not drive.Hotel has a VERY small lot around the corner for YIKES! a whopping 28.00 a day! If you can find cheaper parking or at a meter, park there, but read the signs and don't have ANY valuables or change in plain sight in your vehicle. TIP: READ THE STREET SIGNS AND WATCH FOR COLORED MARKINGS ON THE CURBS. If the sign says only 2 hour parking--they mean it--You will be ticketed 50.00 for a 2-hr violation--We learned this from experience.Room itself was nice, but small ( think bed and breakfast), there was a white sink with a mirror and a class shelf above it, a toilet, and a shower stall with a shower curtain in the bathroom. No hairdryer. There was a large older closet with iron, a desk, 2 chairs, a nice ice bucket. Bed was very comfortable. I had a room in the back of the hotel so it was very quiet. My friend had one in front, facing Market, and was complaining about drunk people fighting out front. TIP: You may want to bring shower shoes for the shower, remember summer camp?\Inside the hotel,only other problem that was expereinced ( thankfully not by me) was that one of the elevators got broke down with people on it, and It took a while to get them out. TIP: Elevator has earthquake sensors, don't make any sudden movements, or jump around in there ( kids) cause elevator will stop, according to signs posted. TIP Internet Access in Business area cost 5&gt;00 for 2o minutes, then, 10.00 and up. Must swipe credit card or buy a prepay card from the conceriege in order to use. Now the area, This is not the best area to be in, especially at night. there were a few homeless people around begging. Most won't bother you, but one guest I met, had a terrible expereince at the Burger King across the street from the hotel. After she told the guy no, he grabbed her arm. She was very upset. Also, be prepared to see human poop occasionally on the sidewalk ( especially around the corner from the hotet). Walgreens is a block down the street , Subway, and Sams Diner is across the street. There is a Starbucks in the hotel. Bart station is right outside the door. Overall, I had a good expereince at this location. I would probably stay here again if I had someone with me, otherwise I would pay more in a better area.	
Jul 16 2007 	Good Potential; Poor Front Desk Staff	I booked the hotel with Orbitz at $89 a night, but when I arrived at the hotel the clerk questioned the booking, said I had booked two rooms, and didn't recognize the rate that I had on the confirmation form I handed him. He acted as though I had just made this up and didn't seem to know how to handle it. I indicated that I wanted to stay one additional night. He told me I would have to call Orbitz for the additional night! I told him that I just wanted to add the night with the hotel at $129 which he did. Wouldn't one think that the hotel would have added the night at the Orbitz rate?? When I checked out, they had put all THREE nights at the $129 rack rate and totally neglected to use my Orbitz rate as he had said he would at check-in. Again, another desk clerk on the last day wanted to &quot;argue&quot; with me about the rate and acted so bothered that I asked him to honor the first two night at the $89 rate. At this writing I THINK they did honor the rate, but I will need to see my charge bill when it arrives. The desk needs some retraining about customer service! Their argument should not have been with me but between the hotel and Orbitz. Other departments were very accommodating, including Larry who is the doorman who greets the guests outside. The concierge office was good and housekeeping were friendly. The room was OK but the bathroom was the smallest bathroom I have ever seen! I had to dress in the shower as that had more room than the rest of the space!	
Jul 12 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	I booked the Hotel Whitcomb for a one-night stay on Hotwire for $73 and then read the reviews on TripAdvisor and was a little skeptical. However, my stay at the Whitcomb was great. I guess I lucked out with a good room. The customer service was excellent. The staff at the check-in desk were very friendly and enthusiastic. The lobby is very impressive and beautiful. Sure, the hotel is not in a great neighborhood, but it's SF - neighborhoods change block by block. Plus, with the BART entrance literally steps outside the hotel entrance, it couldn't be more convenient. My room was on the 7th floor at the back of the hotel (not facing Market St). It was quiet and decently-sized. The bathroom was very small, but I was traveling alone, so it was fine. The bed was comfortable and the room had all the amenities I needed. It seemed to be very clean. The decor was nice, I felt like the hotel had a lot of character. I travel to SF on a regular basis for work and will plan to stay at the Whitcomb again.	
Jun 25 2007	Awful location 	This hotel is in a very bad neighborhood-you can't walk outside in daylight by yourself safely. Lots of &quot;adult&quot; places within two blocks. Staff was mostly rude. Food was awful. The rooms are small and dirty. There are many nice things about the hotel that, if it were cleaned properly and maintained would make for a beautiful stay. Since its not maintained or cleaned well, its just sad. The architecture is all there is thats worth seeing here. Would never stay again.	
Jun 21 2007 	Misrepresentation	I was very disappointed when I got into my room. The pictures on the website looks great but seeing the rooms itself was aweful!!! The rooms were small. It looked like they just slap some paint and wallpaper to hide the inperfections. The sheets smells and were very rough. The parking lot is indescribeable. You have small vehicle to get in and out. Otherwise, you would hit the next car. The is only one way in and out on both levels. It smelled of dirty trash and mold. Never will recommend or stay ever again. Building should be torn down!!!	
Jun 20 2007	Loved the Whitcomb	My brother and I flew to San Francisco from Australia for our nieces wedding. Our flight came in early on a very rainy day and we called the hotel to check-in early, and they were very acoomodating.We spent over one week there, and everything was great; front desk, conseirge and especially the food.The wedding was breath taking, the main ballroom looked beautiful. Our niece and new nephew had a fabulous time. We couldn't imagine creating memories at any other place! Thank you Hotel Whitcomb!	
Jun 19 2007	whicomb weekend	otel WhitcombWhat a delightful hotel to have a wedding in. The grand ballroom has a dramatic stair case that makes a beautiful picture perfect entrance. The food was excellent three hundred people for chicken and steak and all done perfect.The night before we dined int he Market street grill.I had the dinner special and my daughter had the pasta. It was a slow dinner with good wine and great atmosphere. The steak was perfect and melted in my mouth then the dessert. CheescakeThe best part was the nice room with a cozy feeling soft beds and a view.The restroom had electrical outlets for curling irons which I found missing in some of the other victorian hotels.I would recommed this to have a wedding or just for the weekend.I also liked the Starbucks in the lobby. Hotel whitcomb san francisco cal	
Jun 12 2007 	You get what you pay for	The Whitcomb is one of the more historic hotels in the city, but it unfortunately living on its reputation. I have now stayed here twice because it's cheap, and I knew all about its location so I was ready for the army of homeless, hookers and crackheads stationed outside the hotel. What I wasn't ready for was the size and condition of the rooms.The hotel info on Expedia claims that the hotel was recently refurbished, well if recent means 20 years ago then I guess it was. The rooms are tiny. In one I had to reorganise the furnture so that I could sit at the desk and use my laptop.If you can get an outside room facing the street. It will be noisy but at least you get some natural light. The rooms in the middle of the hotel are dark and need all the lights on.The bathrooms are small, with no space to put your toiletries and are also in a very bad state of repair generally.The hotel does offer free wi-fi, a previous review mentioned a $9.99 a day fee for extra hardware needed. That is true if your laptop doesn't have wireless. Just be aware that there are a couple of evil-twin access points setup, so make sure you are secured.I would stay here again, but wouldn't if I was with my family, or if I was a lone female.	
Jun 12 2007 	WHITCOMB is a mess	I stayed at Whitcomb for an unbearable night (Jun 6).If you're interested in quality, cleaniness and fresh air, steer CLEAR of this barely 3 star hotel. Our room was dark and dreadful. Did I mention the horrible, musty stench that your nose just doesn't happen to get used to?I was on the phone with hotwire FIRST thing the next morning ready for my 9am checkout. We were then moved to the Westin (Market Street). This was a MUCH better choice as the rooms were newly renovated and we got a fantastic view (and a Phillips flat screen - lovely).I believe in budget traveling, but I also believe in quality and hygiene. If you feel the same way, avoid Whitcomb like the plague. PEACE	
Jun 12 2007 	Great hotel 	We called reservations at the Hotel Kitty answered the call and we were very impressed, she provided excellent service, she is very knowledgeable and quick a great asset to your Hotel. We always like to stay at Hotels that provide good service and are customer friendly, Kitty and your staff reinforces that beliefYour Truely,Joanie MariePalo Alto, Ca	
Jun 3 2007 	Not Too Bad	Stayed here for 6 nights, mainly because it was cheaper than other hotels, and we are on a tight budget. The room itself, was clean, and a pretty good size. The staff seemed fairly helpful. It is also quite close to Union Square\Powell Street etc.The only bad point for me was the location on Market Street. It is full of homeless people and was a little unpleasant. I wouldn't fancy walking around at night time. I would stay there again though, although it does seem to depend on which room you get. Whilst I was there, I overheard somebody complaining that they were put in the boiler room with no windows!	
May 28 2007	Rude customer service!	I booked 2 nonsmoking rooms. The afternoon of my reservation, I called the hotel to let them know we would not be checking in until 7pm and to confirm that I had 2 rooms in nonsmoking and with 2 beds in each. I was told by the onduty manager that I had booked 2 smoking rooms! I was told that the hotel was booked up and nothing could be done. When I asked the manager to contact me if any nonsmoking rooms became available, she said she was to busy to call me on my cell. She did nothing to help remedy the situation. When I called back an hour later to make sure that my reservations had been cancelled, the next manager on duty (very nice), checked my reservation and told me that it had been made for nonsmoking rooms! In the meantime we had found another hotel to stay.	
May 18 2007 	Decent for the price convenient location	Stayed in the Hotel Whitcomb over a weekend for $52/night via Priceline. Expect your initial reactions to be varied and extreme: first, you will feel happy about the convenient location right outside the BART and Muni stop. Immediately after exiting the station, you will be dismayed by the amount of vagrancy, a feeling tempered by the proximity of the hotel door to the station exit. Next, you will gleefully observe the classic beauty of the lobby and the spacious elevators. When you arrive in your room after check-in, you will again be dismayed, this time by the 'fallen from grace' nature of the room; curtains, furniture upholstery, linens all seem to be about a decade past replacement. The bathroom is small and shower tiny and awkward. However, the old-fashioned room grows on you, and your comfort is assured by the polite and courteous staff. Overall, the stay was pleasant and would consider staying here again when traveling on a budget.Pros:* Location near BART / Muni, Financial district* Price* Old fashion hotelCons:* Vagrancy just outside hotel premises* Rooms' need for renovation* Quality of bed (mattress and linens)	
May 17 2007 	Not a place for female traveler's very dangerous area!!!!!	I am a single female who stayed at the Hotel Whitecomb on business. I arrived at the hotel around 11:00am. The gentleman at the front desk told me I wasn't able to check in until 3pmSo, I decided to walk around the city and find a place to eat. Unfortunately all I had was my corporate card and no places in the area would accept anything but cash due to the high crime rate.There were homeless people grabbing at me, drug dealers, and prostitues all within the same blockAlso The lobby of the hotel was very nice, however when I got to my hotel room. I felt like I was staying at a Motel 6I will never stay there again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I didn't feel safe	
Apr 27 2007 	Disappointed from this hotel	I booked my stay in this hotel for 8 days.The lobby is very beautiful but not the room. The staff in the lobby was very arrogant and not friendly.But the doorman and bellboy are very friendly.My first room was very small and smelling like fish, but silence. I asked for another room. I got a bigger room by the street side. This room was not smelling like fish. But this room had another fault.I booked a non smoking room in the 2 floor. But the smoke from the 3 floor came into my room through the air shaft. This was not nice. The starbuck coffee is very nice.I will never come back to this hotel.	
Apr 24 2007 	Good value connvenient location nice stay	My work girlfriends and I went on a San Francisco weekend trip. I booked through Priceline, as usual, and received a decent room rate, as usual. THe hotel is located right on Market and 8th. There are a couple of blocks down that way which are not pretty, but overall it was a decent area. The Westefield Mall and Union Square are within walking distance and easily reachable via the public transportation option (MUNI, BART, taxi). What I didn't like: Parking at the hotel was not what I had experienced before. The lot was not garaged, but open-aired pavement in the back of the hotel. It was gated and security was present in the evening. However ,during the day the gates were opened and no security was on site. My vehicle, luckily, didn't suffer an damage or theft, so I was pleased on that note. The other dissapointed was during chek-in. It was painfully slow. The hotel was full that night due to a wedding and several groups, but on the bright side people don't have wedding in dumps right? So I try to look at the positive and take it as a good sign. What I did like: Our rooms were large and spacious. I had a street side room which was a bit noisey, but it's SF, noise should be expected. I enjoy watching the city wake-up, but if you don't you might want to request a non-street side room. Otherwise the room was clean and had all I needed. Not the most current, flashy or upscale decorations, but comforable and maintained. I especially enjoyed the bed. It was firm yet cozy and the pillow were just the right fluffiness with enough blanketing so that I was nto chilled. There is a Starbucks conveniently located downstairs for those with a mochachino habit. Also, the hotel featured a bar and a resturant serving a very nice glass of pinot noir. The door man was ready and eager to get us a cab when we asked and even helped us in the car. He was also on point in the evening making sure all that attempted to enter the lobby were guests and had a reason to be there.Overall I wouldn't not be upset to stay here again, Though I might rethink the parking option.	
Apr 15 2007 	Nice hotel good price!!	We stayed at the Hotel Whitcomb (formerly Ramada (@ 8th &amp; Market) in San Francisco during Easter weekend 2007. We read the previous reviews that said this hotel was not very good and it was in a bad area. That could not be further from the truth! Yes, there are some homeless people walking around, but they do not bother you! They are mostly around the touristy parts (near Union Square, etc.). The hotel was recently refurbished, very clean and well kept. Our room was nice and clean. It was not huge, but how much time do you really spend in the hotel?? The girl at the concierge desk wasn't as bright and knowledgeable as she could have been, save your time and get a map yourself. We paid $80 a night (Friday/Saturday night AND during a holiday weekend), that was the AAA rate. Not bad considering the Holiday Inn just around the corner was $200/night. The BART drops you off right in front of the hotel, it's about a 3-block walk to catch the trolley/cable car, or you can catch the street car right in front of the hotel to Market and Powell, where you catch the cable car. Also, another tip that we found out while we were there, yes ride the cable cars because of the novelty, but the &quot;F&quot; Street street car goes directly to Fisherman's Wharf and back. You may find yourself waiting an hour or more to catch the cable car down by the Wharf! Just hop on the street car and you'll save some time!Overall, this was a good hotel at a decent price. We will absolutely stay there again!!!	
Apr 15 2007 	no problems great hotel	We booked our expedia last september,then found this review site, we where a little taken aback by some reviews and tempted to change hotels, but we were glad we did not.Geting to the hotel was very easy we took the Bart from the airport, it cost $5.15 and got off right out side. Check in was easy ,the lobby was as every one says brilliant .Then came the room a litle aprehensive opening the door but no problems ,in side good sized room large soft bed ,the bathroom was a good size ,I agree with some coments not much room for toiletries but we got by We used the starbucks a few times at night after walking back from union square. The area around the hotel may not be the best but never felt intimidated or frightened at night walking back.Never used the hotel for food ,for breakfast I would recomend Sams Diner across the steet it was great.. The staff at hotel were very helpfull the room always clean. We would have no problem recomending this hotel to any one.	
Apr 6 2007	Good location not so good room.	It is located in a very good place, but not very secure neighborhood at night. The hotel is ok, but very old and not very clean. The room had much dust, e alergic tavelers may hav problems...The staf was very polite and helpful.	
Apr 2 2007	Name Change to Hotel Whitcomb	Rooms were nothing like the pictures. Our room was the size of a closet. Service was terrible. Room service was slow and once the order arrived it was wrong. The hotel is located in the heart of San Francisco's homeless district.	
Mar 25 2007 	Nice Affordable Hotel	I booked this rservervation before reading the reviews on this site and I was a little worried about it. After I stayed there for the weekend I was pleased to have stayed there. Even how old the buildingis, it seemed to be well kept and my room was nice and the bathroom was very nice. I didn't have any problems with the water temperature that some people had reported and the neighborhood around it wasn't as bad as I had imagined. I was expecting to be fighting my way through homless people to the hotel, but there were only a few and they mostly left you alone. The location can't be better since you have the Civic center across the street and you can just take the MUNI down the street to the other end of town. I had no car, but the public transportation was good and I only had to call a taxi once. Also, the WIFI worked fine on my Mac.The only thing that was frustrating was the checking in and out. Despite reserving the room with a company card, online, they still required a card during check in. Other than that, my stay was great and I would definitally stay thereagain if I visit SF in the future.	
Mar 21 2007 	Great place	We got a great deal through priceline at $79 a night. Stayed Five days and four nights.The location wasn't bad at all, as there is the muni and cable cars right out front. We didn't bother with a rental, instead we purchased citypasses for seven days, which for us was a great deal, unlimited buses and cable cars, as well as trolleys.There were homeless people but we were never bothered, and I guess it is to be expected in a big city.The front desk and everyone that we dealt with were very nice. They gave us maps of the area, and answered any questions that we had. The staff is international and very accomodatingThe room was just as it looked in the pictures we had seen online. Very nice and cosy, the bed was very comfortable, The bathroom was fine, all in all we were very pleased with our stay. The only problem we had was that we thought it was free internet. The Starbucks restaurant in the hotel was especially nice, since there are no coffeemakers in the rooms. However the restaurant located in the hotel is very pricey. Definitely reccommend Mel's Drive-in on 4th and Mission, and Betty Boop's Diner in Union Square.	
Mar 12 2007 	Can't recommend this hotel	Stayed at this hotel on Friday night, the weekend of A LOT of conferences/conventions going on in S.F. so it was very busy. When we arrived, it took us about 30 minutes to get to the front of the check in line and then it took another 15 minutes for both check in AND check out which still baffles me. The lobby itself looked very classy. The lobby floor was a zoo because of the busy weekend so that was obviously not something the hotel could control. The hotel personnel were friendly enough and helpful when we asked questions. The elevators couldn't hold many people at one time - we had people say the elevators actually stopped when they put more than five people on at a time. The rooms were small as is to be expected in many hotels in S.F. The bed was comfortable &amp; the decor ok though a bit worn. It was the brown water that came out of the sink that took us all by surprise - that is not acceptable in my opinion. I don't know what the problem was but in all three of our rooms, the water came out brown and rusty looking - was it safe to brush my teeth in it? By Saturday morning it seemed better but that is just gross and we never heard what the problem was. The bathroom was tiny and very old/run down - the door to the bathroom wouldn't shut unless you slammed it hard as the door didn't seem to fit the frame properly. Walking from this location on Market street is not something to be done alone - we did it with a group of ladies but I would not have felt safe with a smaller group. We lucked out and got one of the very last parking spots in their gated lot that we paid $25 per day to have so we were actually thankful for that since it was such a busy weekend. The price was right for us at $99 a night so you probably get what you pay for in the city. If we were staying for any longer than one night, I would never even consider this hotel.	
Mar 9 2007	Hated the hotel and hated the location!	Well I was desperate for somewhere to stay because the hotel I was booked into did not have my reservation for some reason and they were full! So I found the Ramada on lastminute.com and it was the only hotel with a room available under $250/night. It says 3 blocks from Union Sq but they are 3 LONG blocks and just happen to be the worst blocks in the city - felt very unsafe my whole stay. Lonely Planet actually advise to stay away from these blocks. They checked me in, staff were not overly friendly but were not rude. The hallway is something out of The Shining. Long dark and very spooky. The room I was in was the furtherest possible room at end of hallway and it overlooked the back loading dock so all through the day and all through the night there were regular trucks loading and unloading all sorts of things including large bins of linen that clang and bang and echo in the courtyard. They wouldn't change my room claiming to be full... I put up with it. Today I slept in (with ear plugs) until noon but when I went to have a shower, brown sludge was flowing out!! I called reception/operator for help the lady was rude as if I had bothered her and said they might be fixed by 5. I said &quot;So I can't have a shower until this evening?&quot; She said &quot;Yeah.&quot; Very patronizing as if I had done the math and figured out when I could have a shower...I stay in many hotels in many cities all around the world. I am polite and courteous when I make requests and give them no reason to be so rude to me. This is the worst hotel in the worst location.	
Feb 27 2007 	Nice hotel bad area...	The hotel was actually very nice inside (although the rooms were tiny), and the beds were Very comfortable. Not much of a view, you're looking directly across to another room, so make sure your drapes are closed! The doorman and the bellboy were great and very helpful, along with the security guards out back. However, the concierge was VERY rude! Parking was nice, in a fenced area that they locked at night.BE VERY CAREFUL walking at night (especially if you are two women alone). Lots of homeless and seedy characters around, and the subway is directly in front of the hotel. The hotel is not close to any attractions, so be prepared to walk at least 4-6 full city blocks just to find food or drink (or get taxi, if you can find one). Overall, nice hotel, but wish it was in a better location... Will definitely stay closer to the city center next time!	
Feb 23 2007 	Loved San Francisco! Hotel was good too =)	My husband and I stayed at the downtown Ramada in San Francisco for 2 nights. The room was clean and quiet, the staff was great. The location is ok, alot of homeless, but we did walk home from Union square (15 minute walk) both nights and it was totally fine. San Fran is know for its great food, and it didn't disappoint! We went to the stinking rose (Northbeach) for lunch, it was great and priced reasonable. Chinatown and Northbeach were wonderful, very easy to get around. Took a taxi back to our hotel ($10) and then for dinner went to Cityscape on the top floor of the Hilton. THIS PLACE WAS AMAZING, THE MOST INCREDIBLE VIEW AND THE FOOD WAS GOOD TOO. COUPLES NEED TO GO HERE!!! The next day went to peir 39, and went to Eagle Rock for breakfast, it was a long wait to get the food, but is was worth it, food was great, and price was too. Went on the tour to Alcatraz, the was nice the audio tour was very entertaining. Then went to Union Square for amazing shopping and a great dinner at Cheesecake factory.Tip: Take the BART from the airport to your hotel, it will save you money and is very easy to use. We got off the Civic Center stop (25 minute) ride and it cost $5 a person. All in all a great trip!	
Feb 14 2007 	Internet connection doesn't work	The hotel is old and tired as described by others here. The room was ugly and the bathroom (shower only) was about the same size as the closet. I was annoyed by the water in the sink constantly changing between freezing and scalding with no warning signs. Luckily that was not the case in the shower.What upset me the most was that the hotel advertises free internet access in all guest rooms. Indeed, there were two strong signals in my room but both provided only sporadic service. It worked for 5-10 minutes, then stopped working for a half hour or so (producing &quot;the page cannot be displayed&quot; for any web address), and that was the case throughout my stay. I called tech support twice. The first time they told me that it is a known problem at that hotel and that I should go access from the lobby. But at the lobby a page comes up asking for a credit card. The second time I called, someone took my name and room number and said a technician will call back. No one did.Internet access in the room is a major consideration for me in picking accommodations, so I will avoid this hotel.	
Feb 3 2007 	Ancient Budget-Minded Hotel	The Ramada Plaza San Francisco is not for all travelers. This is a very old hotel for budget-minded travelers only. I had a hard time staying here (and only did so because my apartment complex had to put me up there for one night). If you don't mind old, European-style hotels with few frills, the Ramada should work for you.The hotel itself is located in a seedy area of downtown. It's not necessarily dangerous, but it wouldn't be recommended to walk in that area at night unless you want crazy homeless people talking to you (or themselves). The hotel's interior is dark and dreary, with uninspired staff (the front desk lady who checked me in was pleasant, but didn't go overboard in welcoming me). The hallways make the hike to the rooms erie, as they are large and drab. The rooms have seen better days, with old appliances and lace curtains. Surprisingly the room was cleaner than I expected it to be, with the exception of a dingy, black-streaked shower floor and a hair in the sink. I did remove the bed's comforter and place it on the floor. The rooms and hallways do have a hint of dirty shoe-smell. This is your basic hotel room, folks. I couldn't imagine staying there longer than one night.Despite being located right on Market Street, the hotel is pretty quiet despite the city's F Train going by every few minutes. I'm a light sleeper and had no problem catching winks. Cheap, basic and old. This was not a dump, but I wouldn't recommend it or ever stay there again myself.	
Jan 24 2007 	Woman don't go there alone!	I arrived from a long-distance flight, jet-lagged and went for a walk down market street (when it was still light) - I'd better had returned before it went darker!!! A lot of homeless people around the hotel, drug-addicts and sex-shops (for me as a European not unusual, but for US?). There were homeless even sitting on the entry door of the hotel.The room was o.k, though it smelled unidentifieable. I would really not recommend the neighbourhood, especially not to woman travelling alone!	
Dec 31 2006 	Central location good hotel	We flew in to SFO. After picking up our luggage we followed the BART signs up to the terminal level and to the far end of the airport. We rode the BART to the Civic Center stop which is located right outside the front door of this Ramada hotel. The trip took maybe 30minutes and cost less then $5.00 per person The BART was safe and comfortable but a little dirty and smelly. This Ramada is located centrally to most everything we wanted to see and do. Depending on how in shape you are you can walk about a mile from this hotel to Museum of Modern Art, Buena Vista Gardens, Union Square with several large departments stores and the cable car turn around at Powell station. The Civic Center and Asian Art Museum are only a block away. In the evening we could easily walk to clubs and bars in the SOMA district. If you aren't in good shape or get tired of walking like we did then simply buy a multi-day bus pass at the Powell station. It is good for both the cable cars and the buses. From this hotel's location we managed to catch connecting buses to China Town, Little Italy, up to Coit Tower, Lombard and other sights. We easily rode to the Castro area and back since the trip is direct and only about 15minutes. The ride to Union Square is only about 5minutes. Also easy to get to was the Fisherman's Wharf (what a disappointment; don't waste your time) but it took about 45minute. The trip to the Golden Gate bridge took closer to an hour each way and we had to catch more then two connecting buses.This Ramada is in a well traveled part of town. Even though City Hall and the Civic Center are just down the street, San Francisco was not looking its best while we were here. The streets are littered and other trash is everywhere. Several building in the neighborhood were boarded up or abandoned. From the outside this Ramada seems to fit in with its surroundings. The building exterior looks like it needs a good scrubbing. The lobby however is grand and makes up for first impressions. The XMas decorations were still up; very nice. Our room was small. We paid only $70 so I can't complain too much. We also may have caused some hassle since we asked for a quiet room. We ended up on the top floor in a back corner off the main hallway. It was definitely quiet. I did look at a couple of other rooms in the main hallway for curiosity's sake. They were larger by about 15sqft but not enough to make me regret our room. Some annoyances: the bathroom had no vanity only a sink stand so we had to leave our toiletries on the entertainment center; the sink faucet leaked at both handles; the bath exhaust fan was quite loud but didn't seem to draw air (in a small room you can imagine several reasons why that would be important); the exercise equipment in the gym was broken; the desk and concierge evening staff were sullen and less then helpful. Some good things: the bed was great; the hotel in general was quiet even though it seemed to be full; 24hrs security guards at front door; free wireless throughout the hotel; daytime desk and concierge staff were friendly and helpful; there is a Starbuck's located in the lobby and a very good diner directly across Market Street. The diner averaged about $7-9 per plate for breakfast and lunch. They serve typical, &quot;safe&quot; meals, like eggs&amp;bacon, hamburgers, etc.Even at $90 per nite I would still recommend this hotel for its location and amenities. More then that I would hesitate. Though I didn't look too hard there are several of the smaller Marriotts and Hiltons brands and many mom&amp;pop motels within a three block area from this location, between Market and Hwy80. This Ramada needs a good cleaning (and I don't mean just the facade) before I would consider it more then a decent 3 star hotel.	
Dec 22 2006 	Service Price - This is the place	I only stayed one night, but it was enough to know I want to come back. When I arrived the parking lot was full, the Parking Attendant walked around and found me a spot. At Check in the Desk were very nice and offered suggestions should I need a place to eat for the evening. I needed a Cab to take me you a friends hotel, The Bellman arranged it all for me, the City was very busy that night and the cab line was about an hour wait, The Bellman found a Towncar available for the same price as the Taxi would have been. I checked out very early, the staff again in the morning were great, and the Bellman gave me the best directions to the Airport.Thank you I will be back.	
Dec 18 2006 	Great Historic Hotel In the Middle of City	This was a great find in a city like San Francisco. The room was just right. The sink area in the bathroom was a bit small but workable. If you are going for vacation buy the Citypass, it is 49.00 and well worth the price. The staff was friendly and the room very clean. The homeless people outside the hotel were normal for a big city.	
Dec 18 2006 	Fantastic value and nice service!	I stayed at the Ramada Plaza twice within a short timeframe and was very impressed with the value for money I got out of that hotel. I booked my first stay on Hotwire, the second on Priceline and paid between $50 and $60 per night. This is fantastic value for a clean, decently sized, quiet and even pretty nice room in a very central location. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful - the second time I got there I arrived from a red-eye flight from South America and managed to get into my room around mid morning already. In addition, the hotel is very centrally located. The BART train just outside takes you directly to San Francisco airport (c. 40 minutes trip), and Union Square is within c. 15 mins walking distance. The only caveat is that there are numerous beggars in the streets around the hotel - while most of them are inoffensive this can be very annoying. However this is also one of the reasons why this hotel is so cheap!All in all I was very positively surprised after reading the mixed reviews on this website. Would go back anytime and can highly recommend it!	
Dec 17 2006 	Proceed w/ Caution	friendly customer service, conveniently located next to BART public transit station, aesthetically pleasing lobby...but my room smelled bad and was dirty (spotted sink, hair all over sheets); bathroom seemed very outdated; and worst of all hoards of verbally belligerent homeless people constantly surround the hotel.	
Nov 20 2006 	cheap and central	hotel in good location for getting around and good public transport links, not too far from airport either - short taxi ride.homeless people around, but not too hassle-y or scary, but wouldnt want to walk around area too late at night or on my own.room was big and clean, bathroom was very small though, and had no window, which wouldve been nicer.restaurant was fine, cheap and varied menu, day and night, and also theres a starbucks in the lobby, which could be handy, open late too.staff were friendly and helpful, no issues there.	
Oct 23 2006	Very Bad customer services	Both the manager and the lower employees (Banquet house man) have very bad customer services. Not very professional and seems to treat guess as we are bothering them. Never do businesses with this RAMADA Plaza Downtown San Francisco. The Banquet house man (employee who is in charge of the Banquet room) has a bad temper and make as he is in charge of the RAMADA. As a business person, I will never refer this place to my associates, out of town clients or do banquet there.Banquet house man yells at you and you are looking for a manager to step in but she too will yell at you for yelling back at her employee. For a professional manager they will first try to diffuse the situation before it gets out of hands but that was not the case. I think she needs to go back to management school and learn that client satisfactions come first. The hotel and the banquet room itself look very old, dark, and dirty.	
Oct 18 2006 	Not Good	Second to the worst rooms I've stayed at. (The worst being a motel in Albany). We had to request to change the bed when we came in because there was someones hair all over the sheets. The bathroom was dark and cold. The location is not in the best part of town. Don't.	
Oct 10 2006 	Clean hotel 4 blocks from shopping	We were taking part in a convention, so our stay was free. It's hard to complain about ANYTHING when your stay is free. I'll try to give an honest account of this hotel.The lobby is beautiful. The ceilings are ornate and very tastefully done. There is a security guard in the lobby, which adds a bit of comfort. There is a Starbucks attached to the lobby, which was wonderful each morning. The staff are helpful and friendly. There is an internet/computer room, and you can purchase minutes to use which is convienent. There is also a gift shop, restuarant and an ATM on this floor. The elevators are quick and easy to catch, not much waiting around for one.Our room had 2 double beds in it. The bedding was very soft and comfortable, except for the bedspread. The pillows are high and soft and we slept very well. The bathroom was clean, but the fixtures were very old. There wasn't much room around the vanity to put items. There was little to no outside noise, and the place is very quiet.It's located on Market Street, just about 4 blocks up from all major shopping. Not a long walk at all, but you will encounter several homeless people and beggars on your way. It was most difficult in the morning, as some of them were in a bad way with the 'shakes'. At no time did I feel unsafe around anyone, however I did feel uncomfortable at times.There is a 'BART' terminal right outside the front door, but we didn't use it, so I can't comment other than 'it's there'. The front desk were so helpful with directions and the like, it was very easy to get around. There are maps and information booklets in the lobby, and you'll have your travel questions answered.We didn't eat at the restaurant, however they did supply us with breakfast each morning, which was just ok. The bacon was so greasy I didn't want to eat it, but the eggs were good.I hope this review helps!!!	
Aug 30 2006 	Not satisfied	We stayed 3 nights in this hotel and I won't recommend to stay in there because it is: - old fashionned : the hall is fine but corridors are gloomy. Our room had no coffee machine.- noisy : air conditionning and fan in the bathroom is incredibly noisy. Rooms have almost all connecting doors which allow to hear everything that happens by your neighboors- every block around is full of homeless people and junkies. Although they were not aggressive, you surely don't feel safe (especially at night) and wish to have a more pleasant environnement- you won't find any pleasant restaurant at a walking distance. But fortunately, the Starbucks coffee next door is very convenient for breakfast or coffee time (open from 5 am until midnight)On the other hand I must recognize that the staff was OK and that the shuttle service to the airport is very professionnal.	
Aug 29 2006 	Very dangerous location	A friend and I stayed at this hotel for a mom's get-away weekend in July .The hotel itself is very old and in need of repair. The bathroom had ZERO space for toiletries etc. Also, my friend got locked in the bathroom b/c the door-handle would not release the latch. Had she been in the room by herself, she would have spent the night in there until housekeeping came the next day. NOTE: keep your cell phone in your pocket!!We also had to call for a repair to the reading lamp between the beds. Someone had cut off the plug. I will say that our repair requests were handled in a timely manner.My biggest complaint about this hotel was the location. Yes, it is close to Union Square and within walking-distance, but you are taking your life in your hands walking around in this area. Very unsafe!! You will need to take a cab everywhere, even in the middle of the day. Trust me!! The hotel is not &quot;terrible&quot; , but it is located in a very seedy part of town.The restaurant was mediocre but the service was excellent. The staff, overall ,was very helpful, but I would never stay here again. Location, location, location!!!!	
Aug 19 2006 	Really friendly	Had a great time in SF. Hotel has a beautiful old lobby, room was decent and the staff were really friendly. We took the &quot;F-Line&quot; the whole time, which is a cool old street car that stops right in front of the hotel. The place is like a time warp.The only thing we walked to around there was the Asian art museum (fabulous). Anyway, reccomend, would stay there again. Homeless and beggars yeah, but they were more aggressive at Union Square.	
Jul 29 2006 	No problems here...	We enjoyed 3 nights at the Ramada. We were skeptical after reading some of the reviews. The hotel is an older hotel-it is not a New Holiday Inn Express type hotel with breakfast, etc. For some that is a plus, for some a negative. The lobby is beautiful- the staff were very accomodating. The security late at night was good. The hotel has some beautiful details in the woodwork, high ceilings, mirrored elevator doors. The corridors are spacious. Our room was more than adequate. It was extremely clean, had a walk in closet (!), bathroom was fine- clean, not luxurious. Windows open, A/C worked fine- no unpleasant smells.....You can request a coffee maker for your room- no problem. We ate dinner one night at the restaurant in the lobby (Sorry, the name escapes me)- excellent service and very good food- one of the best prime ribs I've ever had. My husband had a seafood dish of some kind- with scallops, etc. - I thought he was going to lick the plate, it was so good!We parked at the lot across the street which was very convenient and cheaper than the hotel lot. We were approached by several homeless people- but they were not threatening at all. You are likely to experience this in any big city. It really was not a problem. We encountered homeless people all over the city of San Francisco- Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown, etc. It was not unique to this hotel or area.Overall it was a positive experience for us..... We enjoyed our stay!	
Jul 16 2006	Not That Bad!	We hotwired this hotel and were devestated when we read the reviews. The hotel is not bad at all. The inside is beautiful, looks very art deco, and the rooms were clean. The staff was great and there was a safe place to park (25 dollars a day) and a BART station right outside. There were homeless people asking for change, but they were nice and stayed away if you said no. Around the hotel, the Tenderloin, is NOT a good neighborhood and I would stay away. This is a great deal for groups of people. i wouldn't walk alone at night, but it is not scary. The hotel is a good deal. You would find this type of atmosphere in any large American city.	
May 25 2006	I dont think I am going back there	I will make sure I dont go back to this hotel. - First of all its not in Union Square or no where near it. Its at bottom of Tenderloin and top of SOMA. Every block around is full of Homeless people and junkies. Though most of them are harmless and friendly, I had some pretty nast expiriences while walking to a restaurant suggested by the hotel staff. I have spent time in SF before and in urban Baltimore, Philly and New York. I do recognize a not-good neighborhood when I see it. - Rooms were dirty. Blanket had black stains. Basin in the bathroom was broken (literally cracked, and with paint peeling off). Lights didnt work. Rooms didnt get locked properly.- I had different reservation for two nights, I requested to put me in the same room. They didnt oblige (which is okay, just ast it is). I asked to talk to the manager, who refused to come on phone. They said they'll 'rush' another room for us, which took about 2 hours. The other room was worse than the first. - In less than 48 hours, I had to move 3 rooms.- None of the rooms have coffee machines, or refridgerators (which is pretty much a standard everywhere these days)- The hotel looks pretty good from outside, with mirrors in the corridors and elevators, but rooms fit better in a hostel. - Some of the rooms in the corners can be pretty claustrophobia inducing, so make sure you check your room before you go. If it were a economy hotel, it may have been okay. But with 150$ a night, its not.	
May 16 2006	Just right for the price	The Ramada Plaza Downtown San Francisco is ideally located at central downtown San Francisco. The building was old, the staff are ok, the best thing that this hotel has is a Starbucks Coffee right down the hotel lobby. The rooms are small, the walls are thin, the free wi-fi was so slow. But if you want a hotel centrally located at downtown at the right price, this hotel is just right for you. Homeless people are not really a problem during day time but i rather not walk within the area during nightime.	
Apr 18 2006	Not recommended for families but doable in a pinch	Our family of four (two kids aged 5 and 7) booked in here last weekend primarily because it was an easy option for us to take the BART straight from the SFO airport to the hotel. (It was $20 roughly, assuming you can work out how to use the BART ticket machines! vs $40 in a cab.) We were only staying two nights in SF before moving on, so a premium hotel wasn't needed.LOCATIONI read the reviews about the not so choice location, but our kids are used to interacting with homeless people in Toronto, so we took the chance. Be prepared though, if you are not from the USA, the amount of homelessness, substance abuse and poverty you see in this city may shock you. It is of a magnitude several orders greater than other big cities like Toronto, London, Rome, or Paris.Having said that, we felt safe enough in the daytime and there are surprisingly two very nice playgrounds nearby at the City Hall. We had no incidents, but it's not an area for a night time stroll with the kids of course. TRANSPORT In addition to the BART station it is easy to hop streetcars and buses East and West. The Civic area is not perfect for tourists, but we did a leisurely walk with the kids down Market Street to the streetcar turnaround, up to Chinatown (for lunch) down to the waterfront and back up Market street within about three hours with a lot of nice breaks along the way.The hotel has parking out back for $25 a day, or you can park across the street for $20 a day.EATING OUTWorth noting for parents, there are no family friendly restaurants within safe walking distance of the hotel in the evenings. You will need to order room service, get take-out or eat at the rather average restaurant in the hotel if you have kids. Or take a taxi/streetcar further down Market.ASK FOR A GOOD ROOM!We were a little unlucky with rooms at first (so it is worth asking for an alternative if you don't like what you are offered first). The first room we were offered was on the third floor. Although ours was a non smoking room, there are smoking rooms on this floor and it stank like an underground bar. The room was small, with a tiny window facing a wall. When we asked for an alternative we ended on the seventh floor in a nice clean, renovated room with a corner window facing downtown, for the same price.All in all, a place that is perhaps fine if you are travelling solo, or in a pinch, but ultimately not recommended for a family trip to SF.	
Apr 17 2006	Clean Convenient 	My son and I stayed the week and found the Ramada Inn to be just fine. We had activities planned for every day, so the hotel was not the focus of our stay, just a place to bathe and sleep. I have read some of the complaints about the $25 a night parking and the general condition of the community around the hotel. Neither warrants any criticism. The gated, guarded, parking lot is just behind the hotel and only a few steps to the &quot;back door&quot;. I saw no sign of any dangerous street activity, other than one or two homeless and panhandlers, similar to what you might find anywhere in San Francisco... or any other city for that matter. They leave you alone. Worst case, they may ask you for a quarter and &quot;no&quot; is an acceptable answer. Don't get all in a twist about it and enjoy a great hotel.	
Mar 19 2006	A decent hotel in a Great location	I don't understand all the complaints about the neighborhood. Yes, there are some homeless people on market street, but they really never bother you. There are some porn shops up the street, but real travelers have seen porn shops all over the world. nothing too shocking there. the best thing about this hotel is its convenient location. my wife and is visited SF for a week without a car and hardly needed to take taxis at all because this hotel is SO close to public transit. We especially liked taking the &quot;F&quot; streetcar line that takes you all the way up to fisherman's wharf and north beach. the bus lines also take you straight to the haight neighborhood and the BART train right outside takes you all over the area, inlcuding straight to the airport. the room was tidy and well-maintained. and the hallways had lots of wood and mirrors, very classy. we also liked the 24-hr. starbucks in the lobby. definitely a good hotel for people looking to get out into the city and explore.	
Mar 4 2006	Still a good budget option	I stayed here in March of 2004 (my review on tripadvisor is dated March 24, 2004), and on my trip last year stayed at the Westin St. Francis. I got my hotels at Priceline all times, the Westin for $73/night and the Ramada (both times) for $45/night. If you're traveling on a strict budget, the Ramada is not a bad choice. Wireless net access is now included, like a previous reviewer I found it dodgy (the signal would get lost) but I did not have a problem with spyware. I used the fitness center in the hotel room on this stay - it is a small room on the mezzanine with two treadmills, a recumbent cycle and a regular one and a stair climber as well as a not very good Universal machine. It isn't great but fine for a weekend stay. Hotel staff, especially the front desk, is very friendly and helpful. Oddly enough I was given the same room as last stay (perhaps because I only need a single bed instead of two). I like the decor, which is period to the hotel's construction (I'm sure it's been refurbished and is in decent condition); the bathroom though is very basic and the towels are thin and skimpy.There is still a problem with vagrancy around the Civic Center area, but I didn't feel unsafe. To look on the bright side, the hotel is incredibly convenient to Civic Center including the Opera House and Symphony, the Performing Arts Museum and the Asian Art Museum. Walk one block from the hotel up to Larkin and then cross Market and pass the Civic Center a few blocks to Eddy Street and you are at Saigon Sandwich, which has sinfully good Banh Mi. That area (the Tenderloin, now being called &quot;Little Saigon&quot;) is filled with good Asian food.Looking at pictures of the St. Francis and recalling that trip, I felt much more pampered for about $40 per day more, including the fees for dial up access and the health club. If I had the money to spare, I'd spring for it. But I got everything I need at a cost of $54/day at the Ramada including all taxes and fees. I'll stay here again.	
Feb 23 2006	Great staff!	For the price, I must say the hotel was great. I just had a few minor complaints but feel that they were handled wonderfully. Staff was very professional and friendly. after requesting a non-smoking room, at arrival I was told all they had available was smoking. No big deal, I know they are only requests. So the front desk staff promised to have a smoke free room the next day. After a busy day in the city we arrived back at the hotel to switch rooms. Not exactly what you want to do after a long day, but necessary. The room that they moved us to had not been cleaned properly. Someone's left over lunch was on the desk! I called the front desk and explained... we were immediately moved to a much nicer room! Freshly remodeled, biger bathroom, wonderful beds!! Great view!! what most impressed me was the hotel manager. I forgot her name... but after a little confusion about a rental car(long story) she drove me in her personal car to the rental car company!! She knew I was a little frustrated with the situation and she stepped up and offered to take me herself a couple of blocks down the road! In her own vehicle!! I would return to this hotel. The homeless people outside were not pushy or rude at all. And the BART station is literally right outside the front door.	
Jan 17 2006	Depends what you are looking for	If you are looking for luxury or comfort, I would suggest another location. If you are looking for a place to rest your head and arent fussy, this place will do.Neighborhood: Many homeless folks and junkies. You must pass by porn shops and head shops before getting to union square. Quite convenient to shopping and cable car, BART. Probably not a great location for kids.Lobby: Nice, clean, presentable, helpful staffCheck-in: easyRoom: Very, Very small. Sheets on the bed were ripped/stained. WiFi connection was very slow and not encrypted. Bathroom barely built for one. The shower was a very small stall with no light so when you closed the curtain it was very dark inside. The sink was stained yellow and the towels were a grayish color and about as thick as a paper towel.Restaurant: Nice atmosphere and clean. Eggs tasted like old grease. Not sure how often they clean their grill. The man sitting next to me pulled a 10 inch piece of hair out of his breakfast. Overpriced for the quality you get. Staff is very friendly. Thankfully for there is a starbucks across the lobby.	
Jan 16 2006	Decent price but will stay elsewhere next time	Just got back from a 4-day trip up to the Bay Area with my wife and we had decided to stay at this hotel based upon the recommendation of her father-in-law.My wife being from SF was able to point out certain benefits of staying here in regards to the location of different places that we were planning on visiting while out there. And for being a last minute trip, didn't have a lot of money to spend on something like the St. Francis or Fairmont. So I booked our hotel for 12 - 15 January 2006.Got to the hotel around 10:30pm and were checked in fairly quickly. And the up to our room we went and ended up realizing that we were pretty much staying in our own bedroom based upon the size of everything, including the bathroom and closet. Could have saved myself the $310 and stayed home. ^_~One of the key features that drew me to this hotel as opposed to some similarly priced hotels was their boasting of in-room wireless internet access. So out came my laptop and wireless card to check it out. Got into their wireless network only to discover that is was a)unsecure and b)not broadband. Speeds were like dial-up on a 56k modem. Dreadfully slow for someone who is used to DSL and faster speeds. But the fact that is was unsecure really frightened me. No WEP key needed. Just point, click, and connect. Needless to say I was in for a surprise the next morning when I found spyware had somehow found it's way onto my laptop's desktop. Two hours later it was clean again, but I had to plug my wireless card back in again for some info. And sure enough, within about ten minutes I had the same stuff showing up on my desktop again. Was not too happy at that point.For those bringing a laptop, be sure to not have any sensitive documents on there with you as you never know exactly how unsecure that network is. Or else keep them on a cd outside of your computer.Back to the room though. While small it was cozy. And for the first couple of nights we slept fine. But our final night we were there we discovered exactly how thin the walls were. The room next to our had been drinking (I had seen and heard them down in the lounge off the lobby earlier that night while I was getting a nightcap myself) and apparently had decided to continue their conversation up in their room... very loudly. I think I got two or three hours of sleep that night. The worst of the whole thing was at 6:30am when they decided to turn on the television and continue their conversation over the tv. Wife was none too happy about it.In regards to the rest of the hotel, not too bad. We enjoyed the lounge/restaurant off the lobby. I would go down there in the evening after our day on the town and had breakfast there on our second day there.We didn't have any issues with the homeless on the street... they weren't really prevelant at night, just during the day over by the Muni/BART station stairs. Only realy gripe I had was that if I were there with my family/kids I would not be walking up towards Union Square with them and passing some the gentlemen clubs that were nearby.Everything else though was okay from what we could tell. Would recommend being careful with electronics in the rooms though. The outlets did not seem to be too secure as some of my plugs would fall out easily when just brushed up against.In the end, not bad, but not great. Will definitely be looking for something a bit more upscale next time I visit the area.	
Jan 13 2006	location location location	great central location but big homeless problem outside,,just ignore the bums and junkies and they dont bother you, some even offer unsolicited advice like ''smile dude your in san francisco''which i admit did raise a smile!!this hotel aint bad but its just not great either.olga the receptionist was very friendly.we had a multitude of problems with our room including the air con not working, the toilet cistern leaking, no plug for the sink or bath and the shower rail fell down.the place was clean enough though and the bedding changed each day it seemed.they need to sort out the hall ways on the floors though as they are very glommy and need some lighter decor.the starbucks downstairs was very handy!!my problem was the price of parking...$25 a day plus tax...$87 for three days parking to guests is a bit steep in my opinion.parking may be at a premium but as they have it why charge guests?good location, ok hotel, lousey parking charges!!!	
Dec 31 2005	resuscitated hotel with exemplary service	No complaints here. Room was clean, bed was comfortable, maids were very nice &amp; helpful as were all the employees. I did have to put a towel to the light to see if it had worn spots as some have said. They did, pretty funny but nothing to ruin my stay.Very accomodating service, we were gladly checked in early morning with no fuss, as our plane had arrived early. Street denizens? Enjoy the show! They're harmless &amp; entertaining, besides, they're everywhere, not just around Market St.Location was fine, steps away from Muni &amp; Bart, ready to whisk you away in seconds to your preferred destination.Take the ferry to Sausalito for a fun &amp; cheap afternoon.Breakfast at &quot;Steve's Cafe&quot;, directly across the street. Classic greasy spoon, good, cheap food, fun waitresses. The obvious #1 choice of the SF Police, I noticed.Seafood? Don't miss the &quot;Anchor Oyster Bar&quot; on Castro, a small converted coffee shop ambience serving delicious seafood. You won't be able to stop eating, a bit expensive &amp; worth every bite!Unimpressed with food &amp; service at &quot;Sam's Grill&quot; in the Financial District.Very impressed with the &quot;Cheesecake Factory&quot; at the top of Macy's at Union Square. Great food, great view, great price, great service &amp; long wait for a table. Now I know why.	
Nov 20 2005	No complaints this end!	Me and my father stayed here for 7 nights 2nd to 8th Oct 05 and we liked the hotel very much.Ok, it's not The Hilton but the room was tidy, everything was in working order and the maid service was fine in respect to cleaning, bedsheets and towels.I imagine it's been a while since a lick of paint but we didn't feel the hotel was shabby or run down in anyway.The location is excellent for BART (literally outside the front door) and only a few blocks away from the busy shopping area (Virgin, Apple, Sony Metreon and Union Square).You could throw a stone at the City Hall, Library and Civic Centre (including The Bill Graham Auditorium).I couldn't say enough good things about the lobby/reception staff though, they are real people people and an excellent source for local information. They clearly know and love their city very much.I am very surprised by the negative feedback on this hotel from other users of this site. There is a strong presence of homeless people in the city and especially on Market Street. If you are scared of homeless people don't stay on Market Street as you will feel very uncomfortable. Myself and my father are from Bristol in the UK and we are very outgoing in our own city and county so we are used to this sight and don't have a problem with it.The homeless here do ask for change but they do not act threatening.If we return to San Fran, I imagine we will book here again.	
Nov 16 2005 	Yikes	Interesting old building. Rooms are large but tired, grubby, and dirty. The most frightening feature is the neighbourhood: a vast number of homeless people on Market Street. I really wasn't comfortably going to or from the hotel. I did not enjoy my stay in the hotel or the city as a result	
Oct 29 2005 	Oh dear....	Cheap indeed, but a sketchy location. The hotel is a great old building with an elegant lobby, but the rooms could use some serious maintenance. I was moved from my first room due to a plumbing problem. The second room had a broken door lock, pitted bathroom sink, and broken television. And what a lumpy mattress.Cheap, convenient, and practical for those doing business at the civic center, but not a great way to spend a holiday.	
Oct 11 2005	Hotel is A-OK	I was astounded to read the negative reviews of this hotel. My husband and I (both in our 60s) spent nine nights here, returning from SF Oct 6, were very pleased with our accommodation and would return. Our room on the fifth floor was on the back of the hotel and very quiet. It was medium-sized with one queen-sized bed; the 3-piece bathroom was small, but did have room for two. Everything had been refurbished and was spotless. All the appliances were in good working order -- lights, phone, tv, shower, toilet. Staff were very helpful and pleasant. The food, service and prices in both the Starbucks located right in the hotel and the hotel restaurant on the ground floor were first-rate. The hotel also has an Internet cafe and a small gift shop. We used the BART station right outside the front door and MUNI running down Market Street. (We didn't have a car, so no experience with hotel parking.) The only possible drawback was that the area between 5th and 8th on Market (the hotel is on the corner of 8th) is derelict and grubby, but always crowded when we were on the street between 8 am and 8 pm. No one approached us, although some passersby did look somewhat unsavoury.	
Oct 11 2005	Family stay at this hotel	We spent our first trip to San Francisco this last week end. We flew in on Friday night and took the Bart to the hotel. A friend of ours said this was the best way to get to hotel and it stops right out front. We got off at the correct stop but came up to the street from the wrong exit. This was 9:00 PM at night and we were traveling with our 11 year old son. Our son was a bit scared by the homeless people on the street and then we went the wrong way down Market street. We aksed at a movie theater and they were very helpful and we were only 1 block from the hotel. There were lots of people on the street so I did not feel worried but if you are not used to seeing homeless people it will scare you. The hotel is very ornate and the staff were very nice. The bathrooms are small in the rooms but our room had been recently upgraded and was nice. The staff were excellent and gave us good advise on how to get to the different attractions etc. The orpheium theater is accross the street and the UN plaza was accross the street and on Sunday they have a farmers market in the plaza which seemed good and was attracting large crowds. If we go back to San Francisco we will book a better hotel in a better nieghbourhood but if we needed to we would stay in this hotel again.	
Sep 27 2005	Watch Out for Ramada	Hotel is literally terrible. A British Hotel would not get away with the service. Towels were like rags,in fact they were rags. Decor was depressing and noise dreadful. Worst of all was the location. SF has become world capital for vagrants but this area of Market St seems to be populated entirely by vagrants.The authorities in SF will need to address the vagrant problem or the tourists will get the message that they do not care. Vagrants approach you everywhere in the city and while they are not aggressive it remains a problem. In general it will be some time before I return to SF.	
Aug 20 2005	Nice hotel but...	We enjoyed our stay at the beautiful historic Ramada Plaza Hotel. The rooms were elegant and spacious with wonderful high ceilings. It was clean and very nicely decorated. The staff was friendly (except for 1 day shift bellboy) and helpful. The restaurant/bar was a wonderful place to hang out in and through the huge windows watch the SF city life. Plus having Starbucks on site was great too. But...as nice as the hotel was, I probably will not stay there again. The location is good and bad. Good because it is halfway between the Union Square/Moscone Center/Financial District and the Civic Center/Opera district. The gorgeous SF city library and city hall dome was right outside my room view. It is bad because it is also at the border of the Tenderloin district. The security within the hotel was excellent, but as a woman traveling with two kids, I did not feel comfortable walking to or from the hotel as soon as the sun started going down. I had to rely on catching cabs if I was out after dark. During the day it was not a problem since there were so many other people besides the homeless and drug addicts walking around. Plus as soon as you walked away from the hotel the stench of urine was sometimes overwhelming. I know that the street people are some of the many things that give SF its colorful character, but this was a bit much.	
Jul 29 2005	Close to pubic transport book there if you can get it cheap	I stayed here for a couple nights in March through priceline. I had read plenty of reviews and I am familiar with the layout of the city. Personally, I don't mind staying in this type of area to save a little cash. I never spend much time in the hotel room other than to sleep, so for $54 tax included- I'll take it. The ease of public transport from here was what sold me on this hotel.This is a 2 1/2 star hotel, so you can't expect the Ritz Carlton or you will be very disappointed. You can get to the BART and MUNI in less than 5 minutes from this hotel and then go wherever you want. The room was okay, a little outdated, small bathroom, and no fridge. I did have an iron which is nice and the walls don't seem too thin. In fact there was a prom party there when I was there and people were partying across the hall, but I was still able to sleep. I walked around the street alone past 12:00 at night and never had a problem. No one ever said anything to me. Yes, the sights aren't too pretty especially on the streets behind the hotel. Yes, there are homeless people laying on the streets at day and night. But, I never heard any gunshots, shouting, fighting, etc. I would recomend staying here if you are not with your family. Probably not the best scene for younger kids. Probably not the best scene if you are trying to impress your girlfriend, boyfriend, or significant other. But, if you are trying to save a few bucks and you want a good location give it a shot.	
Jul 10 2005	Terrifying and Awful!	This hotel and its neighborhood redefines scary urban blight. When we arrived from the airport, several bell hops and staff of the hotel rushed out with dollies to take our luggage. At first, we thought this was indicative of the fine service, but actually they just want to rush you off the street before you're eaten alive by drunken bums. We stayed here for one night (we were supposed to stay for four) and couldn't sleep the whole night. There was constant screaming from the homeless fighting in the street, gunshots, etc. We kept the TV on the whole night just to block out the noise. The hallways and the room were dark, dank, and past their prime. The bathroom was small, old and musty. I wouldn't have taken a shower there under any circumstance. The first and only night, we tried to venture out to see the city, but we were accosted by violent lunatics within ten seconds. The neighborhood is so seedy that the banks lock up the ATM machines at night (I've never seen this before).YUCK! I would never even think about staying at this hotel again.	
Jun 22 2005	Better than expected	Both the hotel and the neighborhood have seen better days. putting that aside the rooms are on the small side but almost have the character of a bed and breakfast. Housekeeping was first rate. Bart will take you from SFO to 200 yds. of the hotel. Streetcar stops at the front door. The f line is fun and you should get a passport to use it on all forms of transport-a real saving. The best part-- stayed for $61 &amp; tax from 6/15 to 6/21 through Priceline. After a great deal of research I found that this is a rate that can't be beat at decent SF hotel. The homeless and the wackos are around-just avoid eye contact and keep walking.	
Jun 21 2005	Pretty good stay	I stayed 4 nights at the Ramada in May. The only thing that I didn't care for was the small room and bath. Would go for a larger room next time. The room was very clean though.There were some homeless in the area outside the hotel but they were not that aggressive. The hotel was very convenient to public transportation.I would stay there again.	
Apr 29 2005	Bad neighbourhood	I stayed at this hotel for four nights in late April 2004. The lobby of the Ramada is quite cool (it used to be the old City Hall), but the rooms are fairly run down and not particularly clean. All in all, it wouldn't be too bad for the price, but the neighbourhood was not very safe or pleasant. There are not too many businesses in the area (most of the places are shut down permanently) and it is a haven for homeless people. As a single woman, I felt very unsafe in this area after dark and didn't particularly enjoy walking around in the daytime either, because I was asked every 10 feet for money.	
Apr 21 2005	It was great. I don't know what everyone else is talking about.	I visited the Ramada last week and spent one night there. I wish I had booked it for the entire week I was in town. It's in a great location. Everything is in walking distance. The Muni is right in front there's plenty of restaurants. Powell street is about 5 blocks down. Okay, so there are a bunch of homeless people and all but so what you're in downtown San Francisco. If you want to avoid seeing this than I suggest you stay away from any major U.S. city or keep yourself locked away in a resort somewhere. My room wasn't huge and neither was the bathroom. But I paid $89 for one night. The hotel has a beautiful lobby and the decor is nice. I mean if you're going to Frisco to visit the hotels than maybe consider the Intercontinental or some other 5 star. The staff was great even when I checked in at 1:30am and they allowed me to have a late check out. There's a starbucks right next door that you can access from inside the lobby. Parking is a problem everywhere in San Francisco but I parked across the street for 18usd a night which is pretty decent considering it's right on Market street. This hotel exceeded my expectations. I would stay again.	
Apr 8 2005	Wow! Scary location needs work!	We went with some friends. We have been to San Francisco many times since we live only 3 hours away. It has gotten so bad downtown that this is NOT a safe place to stay if you are planning on leaving the hotel. I won't get into it, but we were actually fearful of our safety do to the # of crazys hanging out in front of the hotel. As for the room, our air conditioner cover fell off twice in the middle of the night making a huge thud! scared the B-Jesus out of us. We had to park across the street in a dicey lot since hotel parking was full...That was really bad...25.00 a day to get accosted as you try to get to your car. As for the bathroom, it was so small, and I am not kidding, that you had to use a shoe horn to get in and out. We laughed off the whole trip (since we weren't mugged) and just won't stay there again.	
Mar 27 2005	economic and clean	I didn't have high expectations at $90 a night. The lobby is ok with the marble floors and chandeliers but the hallways are long and dark maroon. The room was small but clean. The important thing was the convienience. From the Starbucks downstairs, to the multiple lines of transportation in front of your door. The F line takes you straight to the Wharf and Pier 39. Its not glamourous, its convienient. If you are the type to spend the entire day site seeing, then you should consider the Ramada. If you like to lounge around in your room, this isn't the place for you. The bell hop suggested not to go to the area where the San Franscisco Mission is because of the Mexican element. I'm Latina, an although that's offensive, I let it slide. I don't want to be in a bad area no matter what nationality lives there. What was in fact disturbing was that upon visiting the Mission I saw that the surrounding area was very well maintained by white families, and gays. Thank goodness I didn't listen to the bell hop. I would've missed beautiful historical site. CHECK IT OUT!	
Mar 24 2005	not as fancy as we thought...	I stayed there during August 2004, the neighbourhood was ackward, a lot of homeless people right in front of the hotel... The room we had was very small, a horrible bathroom, we couldnt even move in the shower, and the room was not that clean !the staff was friendly, but we were surprised by the excessive price of the hotel parking ! Thought it wasnt worth the price we payed for.Would not go there again, and certainly not in that nieghbourhood !	
Mar 17 2005	Nice Hotel Convenient Location	I stayed one night at the Ramada Plaza Hotel on 3/8/05. I was worried about the quality of the hotel given the reviews I read, but was immediately reassured the second I saw the hotel. Compared to other places in downtown S.F., it was clean, safe, and welcoming. The lobby appeared to be quite classy and done up. It was pricey, but not uncommon for downtown. I thought it was worth it for the quality. I paid about $130 including tax and parking. (It could possibly have been a bit more!) There's a reservationist available 24-hours a day and the staff all seem extremely friendly. I had to ask the night front desk person for a toothbrush and he kindly had TWO sent up to our room along w/toothpaste. I didn't even have to ask! Parking is always an issue when staying in the city. I paid $25 for one night. The good thing is it's in a gated lot and there's an attendent who monitors incoming traffic. I felt safe having my car parked there. I chose this hotel because of the location and because it's a 3-star hotel. It's about 1/2 mile away from the Warfield theater, which is where we were going to a show (GO GAVIN DeGRAW!) and about a 3/4-1 mile away from Union Square. The walk isn't bad (10-15 min.), even at night. There were homeless people around (inevitable in the city!), but Market St. is well lit and they don't bother you if you just walk on by. (It was just me and my 19-year cousin and she and I didn't have problems.) A cab ride cost about 5.00 (including tip) driving between 2-3 miles away from the hotel. Now, if you're hoping for a good night's sleep staying in this hotel, good luck. The noise should be expected if your room is facing Market St. There's nothing you can do about it. I probably got two whole hours of sleep! If you're worried about this, bring ear plugs or ask for a room facing away from Market St.The room itself was very spacious compared to other hotels I've stayed in in S.F. We got a non-smoking room w/two double beds. There was A/C and heat and the windows opened, which was nice during the day to get some &quot;fresh&quot; (Does that exist in CA?) air. The bathroom was clean and also spacious. I'm not sure about how the other amenties are. We mainly stayed here because we needed a place to shower and sleep between shopping and our show. Overall, it was a great experience and would not at all hesitate to book another stay here!	
Mar 14 2005 	Outstanding value--dicey neighborhood	This hotel exceeded my expectations for a AAA 2-Diamond or Priceline 2 1/2* property. No, it's not a luxury property, nor does it bill itself as such. Also, the neighborhood is fairly dangerous, but not if you go right into the BART/MUNI station which is right in front of the front door. Nevertheless, it had every convenience I would expect in a 3-star hotel, such as a well-equiped and maintained exercise room, bell service, concierge service, room service (until 10 PM), and fast, modern elevators. The room I had, at least, was quite large for a big-city hotel, and I didn't hear my neighbors (or possibly I didn't have any). My only complaint was that the mattress was quite old and kind of saggy. The MUNI station at the front door will take you just about anywhere you want without having to transfer, including the financial district, Union Square, the Embarcadero, the Castro, fisherman's wharf, golden gate park, Pac Bell Park, and the zoo. I recommend this hotel highly for any budget traveler who can hop on a subway or trolley car and doesn't need to walk around the immediate neighborhood.	
Feb 20 2005	Good Value/Great Staff/Dodgy Location	I have stayed at this property several times on business trips when I had a limited budget. Since I am working, I do not spend too much time in the room. Every visit, I have found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. If you take the right exit from BART, the Hotel entrance is just steps from the station exit. It is also a few blocks from Davies Hall, where the Symphony plays. The down side of the location is that this is not a great section of Market and most people probably will not feel too comfortable walking at night. So, take BART or the ample public transit. The hotel is nicely kept and clean. The building has some interesting architectural details. Still, it is an old and somewhat tired property and some of the remodeling is not the best. Same for the fitness center -- the room and equipment are older, but meet my needs. The food is good, but overpriced. If you are bothered by traffic notice, ask for a quiet room in back. The rooms in front overlook Market, which is a busy street. The staff, the price and the BART station make the difference for me.	
Jan 12 2005	Great value Hotel	Having read some of the reviews here I was wondering if I should try to change reservation. However the hotel was fine. I found all the staff to be friendly and efficient. The room was clean and more than adequate. O.K., some of the furnishings or wall covering were dated, but it was not a problem. The lobby is really nice.There are lots of homeless between 5th and 8th street on market but we did not get any hassle on our 5 days there, and walked that patch (10 minute trip) by day and night. People will ask for money but not in a threatening way.All public transport is right on your doorstep. We bought a citypass which was great value and we never waited long for a bus or cable car or streetcar to arrive.We paid $60/night including fees on hotwire and for that money we housed two adults and two children in style...a bargain in my book.	
Dec 2 2004	Ramada Plaza Civic Center A beautiful hotel	When priceline accepted my price and gave me Ramada Plaza Civic Center as my hotel, I was very happy. Because I had already stayed at this hotel for a few times. As you recall, you don't get to choose your hotel on priceline, you only get to choose your area and star level. It's a nicely remodeled old beauty, right on Market at the Civic Center. It's a great bargain too and looks &amp; feels more like a four star hotel though it's ranked only 2.5 stars. I recommend it!!!	
Nov 29 2004	Excellent accomodations	Stayed for 3 days for our 13th anniversary. We found the staff both at the front desk and around the hotel extremely helpful, courteous, extremely approachable and friendly. Our room suited us perfectly and was immaculately kept. Transit services and proximity to downtown shops and attractions were ideal and could not have been better. This was our first real getaway in years, and we enjoyed ourselves immensely. We will definitely be back!	
Nov 28 2004	Not a Big Fan	This was my first time staying in a San Francisco hotel and I was on a budget. But after staying three nights in this hotel, I would advise people to spend the extra money and stay somewhere better. This facility is a historic place and that's very neat, but it is very old and dreary and not very clean. I was unhappy with my first room. Lamps not plugged in, crumbs in the carpet, sticky hotel manuals, trash behind the tv, the tv made crackle and popping noises with the cable, extremely loud bathroom fan, killed a spider or two, ripped bedding, random hairs on counters and in drawers and very small. I spoke with the manager after my first night and was upgraded to a suite with a king-size bed. The room was an improvement, but it too had some problems, those being: lamps not plugged in, lightbulbs of different colors (flourescent and yellow), broken chain door lock, constantly leaking tub faucet and papers behind dresser. I also want to mention the restroom off the lobby was very dirty, with toiletries on the floor and paper towels missing. This hotel is very close to public transportation, which was good, but after exploring the city I discovered most other hotels are as well. Not a horrible place but I've stayed in Motel 6's that were cleaner.	
Nov 18 2004	Does not deserve the bad press	I stayed here for four nights recently on a business trip. The hotel is old and the rooms are consistent with a hotel of this age. My only negative comment is that the bedspreads and blankets are old and need to be replaced. I was unable to confirm this, but I heard that they are remodeling the rooms one floor at a time and that the rooms on the 7th floor and above are complete. I stayed on the fourth floor. The bathrooms are small but clean. The room is reasonably well lit and has a window that you can open to let in fresh air. The food at the restaurant in the hotel is above average and much better than I expected. The New York strip I ordered was excellent and priced appropriatetly. The bartender at the lobby bar is very good. His service was way above average, he helped me get a shuttle from the hotel to the airport and even made sure my dinner arrived in plenty of time so I was not rushed. The hotel can be a bit noisy over the weekends but so can any other hotel. There is a significant amount of homeless people on market street, but once you get off of market the problem drops off signficantly. There is also a small health club on the premises, 1 treadmill, 3 steppers and a weightlifting circuit.	
Nov 18 2004	I would stay again!	My girl friend and I stayed here to go to the Raider/Bronco's game and we enjoyed our stay. It is in a very &quot;transient&quot; part of town but we never felt threatened in any way. The hotel is old but has a lot of character. we did have to ask for a new bed spread but they were quick to bring a shrinkwrapped freshly laundered spread. The Starbucks in the lobby was great! and Burger king just across the street. The staff here was wonderful, very helpful. Parking is terrible though. Make sure you enter on market street from the east and park right in front while unloading baggage. Dont Panic, this may seem like you'll get a ticket or that you're in the way of traffic but this is accepted. there is NO parking at the hotel so park in the lot at the east corner 8th/market (just across the street to the east). It will cost you $18.00/night but it is secure. get the all inclusive transportation pass and use it instead of your vehicle. you'll see why when you get there! Its cheap and will get you on the cable cars, trolley cars busses and I think they call it the F line. Just a few blocks away is Buca Di Beppo (italian restraunt), you have to try it.	
Nov 5 2004	Not my top pick in San Francisco	Hotel needed updating...furniture and carpeting was well worn. View from window looked directly into the rooms of the Holiday Inn next door. Also didn't like the homeless people who were sleeping right outside the hotel. If your going to San Francisco to hang out in the Castro area, this hotel does have a closer location than the nicer hotels in the Union Square area. However, next time I'll stay near Union Square.	
Oct 26 2004	10 times better than the reviews to date	Made reservations for the Civic Center Ramada through Yahoo travel/Travelocity. Stumbled across the reviews here and became nervous.Experieces was great. Old hotel but helpful staff, nice room. Well worth the money paid.	
Oct 25 2004	Good to stay! Great Value	On a vacation at San Francisco, stayed at the Ramada Plaza with family of two other adults. Our package was room and taxes only through EXPEDIA, did not include breakfast. The hotel is very conveniently located at the CIVIC CENTER, a few yards to the MUNI and a block away from the SFO Information Center. The hotel is very clean but the bathrooms are small, not surprising considering the prime real estate it is located on. Do not expect the spacious rooms of a suburban hotel! The bath and toilets are very well maintained, the service is very efficient and the reception staff very friendly and caring. However I tried to reach the hotel from the airport at 1 p.m. to verify if we could check in earlier than the 3 p.m. scheduled time and strangely were asked to come in person to find out. We did however using the BART (another reason to stay at the RAMADA as the BART conveniently connects direct to the AIRPORT - a ride of 5$ per person with all baggage) and were graciously checked in at 2 p.m. A starbucks right on the property offers a T MOBILE HOT SPOT (pay for use - I chose the 10$ option for day long connection). The hotel does not provide Internet facility. All tour operators stop at the hotel to pick up guests, and tours can be booked from there. The N JUDAH MUNI takes you to the Golden Gate Park, the F MARKET takes you to the Fisherman's WHARF, the BART takes you to BERKELEY, all within a minute of walk from RAMADA. The Hotel also allowed us a late check out at 1 p.m. A good hotel to stay if you really do not mind the long and high corridors typical of older buildings; to reiterate though, we found the rooms are well lit, efficiently airconditioned and maintained immaculately.	
Oct 14 2004 	great for the price!	I am writing in defense of this hotel. I have stayed at this property about 5 different times in the past two years. If you can get a discount price I think this hotel is a great bargin in SF. The rooms I have stayed in have all been nicley furnished. Some of the rooms were very large... some where very small. But all very nice. I found the bath rooms to be a little small... but again... I was only paying 60 a nite in a great location in SF. The parking price is a little steep... but you can find parking very close by for a lot cheaper. Yes... there are a lot of homeless people in the area.. but what large city does not... I never have had a problem with them. I know that if you get a discount price on this hotel you will be very pleased with your experince. When ever I am on a budget in SF... this is where I stay.	
Oct 8 2004	Not as bad a people say its a san fran experience	Got this room from priceline for only $55 so perhaps my review is tainted by the fact that I didn't pay $150/night to stay here, my expectations were lower :) The hotel lobby is very nice, it's crowded and noisy, I love that. If you want silent then don't stay downtown. I feel the hotel captures the San Francisco experience perfectly. Here's why ... 1 - The rooms are small, old, and renovated. Bathroom was old looking, naroow and small. Everything was clean. But San Fran is small and cramped and old, as was the hotel. But nice ... 2 - The homeless love the area around that hotel, no complaints. They are absolutely harmless! Homeless are a part of San Fran no matter what. The steet where the hotel is was amusing, we couldn't help but laugh, interesting stores. Not the expensive and chic part of san fran but we spent no time in that area, just passing by mainly. 3 - The location was very nice, we walked everywhere. It was very close to everything4 - Parking is a problem, as is the case in the entire city. You can easily park around the hotel area for about $8/day which isa great rate since the hotel charges around 30 but you have to remove it by night. We parked in the financial district the entire time w/o paying a penny and then took cabs, limos, or even walked everywhere else.If you want a good feel of the city stay here, it's not disappointing. If you get a good deal it's worth it but when we checked it the rate was $160 and I would not pay that. But if you want to be in the fancy uptight area in a $250/night hotel so be it, you just get a different perspective of San Fran.	
Sep 22 2004	Rooms small and noisy	My wife and I stayed 2 nights at the Ramada Plaza (9/17 - 9/19). The room was very small, and the noise off the street was bothersome. Parking per night was $20.00. We had to park off-site as the hotel's lot was full.The staff was friendly. We had breakfast at the hotel's restaurant, which was mediocre at best.	
Sep 15 2004	A Pleasant Surprise	I booked a room at the Ramada Plaza Downtown San Francisco several months ago for a five-night stay the week of Labor Day. After reading the many negative comments I was fully prepared to go to another hotel if I wasn't satisfied; I got a great rate of $55/night on Hotwire so it wouldn't have been a big financial loss if I left. However, I was pleasantly surprised and I would stay there again without hesitation.The hotel is conveniently located at the Civic Center BART stop--about a 30-minute ride from the airport for only $4.95. I arrived several hours before the 3:00 p.m. check-in time and the front desk clerk was professional and accommodating; I was given a room immediately.The room itself, though it might have been tight for two, was very comfortable for me alone. It was quite nicely furnished with pale yellow tone-on-tone striped wall paper and what appeared to be quite new carpeting and matching draperies and bedspread. There was a small walk-in closet with ironing board and iron. The bathroom could have used a bit of cosmetic upgrading--and the shower's water pressure could have been better--but it was otherwise clean and well-maintained.The lobby was really very nice and it was convenient having the Starbucks right there. There is also a restaurant just off the lobby which I tried one evening when I was too tired to go out. The food is just fair, and overpriced for the quality, so I'd skip it next time.Yes, there are homeless people outside the hotel but that's true of most of Market Street and Union Square as well. I wasn't harassed at any time and I also didn't witness other guests being bothered. They mostly seemed to be your basic burned-out, left-over San Francisco hippies.In addition to its proximity to the BART train, the hotel is convenient to the MUNI trains and busses. If you enjoy exploring a city on foot as I do, you'll find that the hotel's well located for walking to Union Square, the Casto, SoMa, and many other neighborhoods.Overall, my stay at the Ramada was a good experience at an exceptionally low price. I've certainly paid far more for hotels not as nice, including other more prestigious S.F. hotels that were disappointing.	
Sep 13 2004	worst hotel EVER!!!	I've been to MANY hotels around the world, including some in Canada, Australia, the Caribbean, and throughout Europe and the U.S., and I can honestly say that this is probably the WORST hotel I've ever stayed in! I can think of maybe one that I stayed in as a child about 20 years ago in which there was a full-blown frat party on our floor that MAY have been worse. But, that's it. First, this hotel is completely old and ragged out. I don't think the rooms have been renovated since this hotel was built, which was probably circa the war of 1812. I've never been in a place where the toilet is SO close to the tub that you can't even sit on it without sitting half in the tub as well. Second, the staff is slow, rude, and incompetent. They had no idea how to handle their own parking procedures. And, they made up the room despite the fact that I had my Do Not Disturb sign hanging on the door. Third, the parking staff were the rudest most ignorant bunch of jerks I've EVER come across in a parking garage. I was given instructions by the front desk and the parking attendants said they were wrong and they refused to pick up the phone to call the front desk for clarification. Instead, they told me to go back to the front desk which is an entire block away while I was in a hurry to get to the airport. It was horrible. Ramada has always been teetering on the brink for me, but they are now permanently on my boycott list. Complaints have also been lodged with hotels, AAA, and Ramada management. STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!	
Sep 13 2004	Ramada me to never stay here!	Without a doubt, the worst hotel (and I use the word hotel loosely) I hqave ever stayed in. This place is not even fit for my dog, who is half-blind and incontinent! The toliet seat was broken. There was no heat. The sheets and walls were filthy. The front desk spoke only languages that could be written in heiroglyphics. Never given a parking pass and this caused massive chaos! DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Aug 31 2004	Awful Dreadful Terrible!!!	Rooms, hallways, lobby dark and dank, akin to The Shining. Homeless vagrants literally attacked us the moment we stepped out of the door. We feared for our safety during the daylight and did not want to roll the dice at night. Cut our losses, packed up and moved to the St. George on Geary. Vast constrast: the staff, rooms and location were very nice.	
Aug 18 2004	Inexpensive lodging in San Francisco	I have stayed at the Ramada Plaza several times, most recently over the July 4 weekend. I chose the hotel for its location, near the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, and its bargain price. The desk clerk was polite and attentive and got me a room on a high floor overlooking Market Street. Room hadn't been cleaned. I called housekeeping, and the supervisor rushed upstairs right away. She was very apologetic. Starbucks off the lobby, though not the best Starbucks I've been in with respect to service, fills the need. Use MUNI to travel east on Market because the homeless are everywhere. Internet service with compter is available at a reasonable cost in a room downstairs. Hotel was built in early 1900's and has been restored. Looks sharp if you like that kind of thing. Rooms are not large, but bathrooms have been modernized. I'd stay here again if I need to be close to that area of town.	
Aug 18 2004	Dreadful Location - Go elsewhere	The positon of the hotel is dreadul, in an area full of homeless and beggars. Frightening during the day and too scary to go out at night. Rooms small and bathroom appalling. The only good thing is the price but in hindsight I would have paid a bit more for a better location	
Aug 10 2004	Don't stay here!!	Full of homeless. Afraid for my safety I didn't want to leave the hotel and ended up leaving 3 days earlier.	
Aug 6 2004	rather be camping	My girlfriend and I were appauled by the location of this hotel. Ramada positions this hotel to be a lot closer to the shopping at Union Square then it actually is. Yes its only 3 avenues, but you literally have to step over the homeless to walk there. Like previously stated, what our saving grace was the F street car right across the street, which took us right to Union Square and the Wharf and they ran regularly thru 1am. The rug in the room was saturated b/c the AC was dripping, i realized this after seeing my shoes that were on the carpet were SOAKED. We skeeved the bed spreads and our blankets had burn holes in them. The bathroom was hurrendous.. painted in --- brown, no room for sundries.. terrible. Oh when we expressed our concern about the homeless.. the check in person was like &quot;oh its windy and you got to watch the pick pockets&quot; HUH!!!!! HATED THIS HOTEL&gt;EXPECTED MORE FROM RAMADA	
Jul 18 2004	Homeless in San Francisco	Hotel itself and rooms were not bad. However, very upset with situation of homeless people hovering around the hotel and sleeping in various doorstops within 50 feet of front entrance. Would never stay there again.	
Jul 14 2004	Pleasant stay - nice hotel	Stayed here for honeymoon week, booked thru expedia.com. Only minor faults found, more plus's. Bathroom let it down - very stark and toilet cracked. Bed very soft but got used to it. On the plus side handy for ALL SF trourist spots via trains, busses &amp; trams which all stop right outside. The Homeless are if anything, very polite!! Doormen extremely helpful. Thought reception staff were a bit brusque, except one who tried everything to find my lost sunglasses(even trawling lost property downstairs himself). Restaurant overpriced for what you got, but Starbucks a blessing in the mornings as no tea/coffee facilities in room.	
Jun 30 2004	Stay somewhere else !!!	Stayed here in November 2003 and thought it was awful, rooms tiny, bathrooms old and unclean, staff rude and unhelpful. The area where the hotel is situated is also quite rough and unenjoyable. On a plus side there is a Starbucks linked to the hotel for breakfast and the lobby was impressive but it stops there......pay extra and stay somehwere else !!	
May 15 2004	Hotel Sucked	This hotel was anything but nice. Really the only nice part about it was the lobby. The rooms are small and smell. There were bugs on the bathroom floor. Hole covered by carpet in the room. I did not feel safe. Homeless and Whores all over. Food was horrible. They use instant mashed potatoes. I was trapped in an elevator. No compensation. Do yourself a favor and take your business elsewhere. 	
Apr 27 2004	If you have a choic dont stay in Ramada Downtown	I stayed in Ramada Downtown in early April 04 for our Honeymoon Wedding holiday. It was booked by our travel agent. Honestly, I agree with some feedbacks that the lobby &amp; interior are very ENGLISH and alittle historical. But once we took the lift to our rooms, the corridor are spacious but not well lighted and a little eerie. Our room was located right at the very corner of that level. Rooms are clean,rather spacious,wc normal. The wardrobe very spacious indeed. No breakfast provided,no newspaper also. The bathroom was so noisy once we on the light. Sounds like the generator trying its best to light up the bathroom. Goodness, it was horrible. The bed is extremely soft, so if u have very bad back, will be a problem.The good thing is there is a bus stop and train right outside the hotel. The F bus can take u straight to Fishermen's Wharf. And burger king opposite of the hotel, as well as a chinese restruant 5 mins walk at the right side of the hotel. And indeed, many homeless people at night, so dont go out alone. At least the hotel has guards at night to keep strnagers out.Last but not least, if you have a choice, dont stay at this hotel. Futher up there is Holiday Inn, I suppose not much difference in $. Check it out there and see how. Thanks.	
Apr 6 2004	Dissapointed with location	We booked this online because of the location, as it happens it was not as close to everywhere we wanted to be and as a result spent a fortune on taxis. (the buses looked as undesirable as the neighbourhood). Upon walking out of the hotel on the first day we discovered we were right in the heart of the red light district and in the tramps and beggars favourite place! The taxi drivers even used to lock the doors as they said they had had too many bad experiences (and they are local and used to it!) The hotel itself was clean but very noisy and the maids do come round early! The doormen were too pushy and arguing among themselves as to who was going to take our luggage and there was a very rude receptionist who spoke and swore very loudly (not at anyone but it could be heard in the lobby) The barman was also quite snappy. I would definately not return but if you are used to the undesirables and city life its probably fine for what you pay	
Feb 27 2004	Really Bad Night!	Worst room ever!!! I didn't sleep at all that night. Ever 5 minutes a siren going off, next minute the elevator door opening then people at 2 in the morning talking loudly and not to mention it was the cleaning staff.	
Feb 5 2004	Worse than a bad motel 6	We stayed at Ramada for one night during a weekend trip to the city and it was like staying in a bad, run-down motel. The room was badly proportioned and horribly decorated. The bathroom was extremely small and barely functional - the drain in the shower did not work properly so we had to shower standing in a pool of water, the sink was so tiny it was practically unusable, and the door to the bathroom did not shut (not to mention locking). The room also strongly smelled like some sort of cleaner. It was cheap ($50/night, but parking is $23), though, and within a short walk from the Civic Center and concert halls.	
Jan 20 2004	a perfect stay	I was priveleged to stay at this Ramada Jan. 16-19, 2004. The trip to San Francisco was a Christmas gift to my two daughters and we were not disappointed. You have to realize that San Francisco has a lot of homeless and derelict people and the neighborhood the hotel is in is not immune to this, but security at the hotel was very good and the location for tourist is excellent. The hotel staff was the most helpful and courteous i have found in a long time. The lobby and common halls are quite stunning in their decor. This is an old building so the rooms are small but very tastefully decorated. The bathrooms are very stark but they along with the rooms are clean and neat. This is not the Ritz-Carlton but for the price and location you cannot beat this hotel. Another plus is the subway stop is directly in front of the hotel entrance. We will definitely return.	
Jan 9 2004	Tenderloin is full of crazies	Stayed Jan'04, 4 nights, worst 4 nights sleep of my life. Mattress is so soft it is a back killer. Hotel is situated in the Tenderloin area which is stuffed full of crazies, beggars and lowlifes on every corner. Rooms are very small. On the plus side the F street car stops right outside and takes you directly to Fishermans Wharf, the public spaces of the hotel are very pleasant, big plus is a Starbucks Cafe off the lobby and also had a fabulous meal on the Restaurant.	
Jan 7 2004	Perfect if you are under 5 feet tall?		
Dec 23 2003	A Good Deal and A Great Location		
Sep 29 2003	Got more than I paid for		
Jul 6 2003	Great deal for central location		
Jul 6 2003	Fair Hotel Horrible Neighborhood		
May 21 2003	Roof over my head		
Apr 18 2003	Did not like the Ramada Plaza		
Jan 8 2003	Good Staff Dusty Bedrooms		
Sep 13 2002	good older hotel		
Jan 17 2002	Nice hotel		
Aug 12 2009 	superbe		
Aug 9 2009 	Comodo		
Jul 24 2009 	Schönes Historisches Hotel		
May 20 2009	moyen dans mauvais environnement		
Apr 29 2009 	Bon choix bon compromis pour visite de SF		
Mar 30 2009	Très Bel hôtel		
Feb 3 2009 	Muy mala experiencia son ladrones y aprovechados		
Oct 31 2008 	Gute Lage sauber aber nicht mehr		
Oct 20 2008 	Buon hotel		
Sep 2 2008 	Hotel und Lage gut - Nachteil: viele Obdachlose in unmittelbarer Umgebung		
Aug 27 2008	A éviter		
Aug 13 2008 	Hotel Whitcomb una buena elección		
Aug 3 2008 	Pessima zona!		
Jun 13 2008 	mittelmäßig gute Lage		
May 15 2008 	Tolles Preis-Leistungsverhältnis; von Gegend nicht abschrecken lassen		
Dec 8 2007 	Cuidado con la ubicación del hotel		
Aug 21 2007 	Hotel agréable		
Nov 1 2006 	La limpieza y los detalles en un hotel		
Jul 3 2006	hotel 3/5 quartier 1/5		
