Jan 21 2006	More Tenderloin not Union Square	Had a bad experience with the Clarion Bedford back in a 2001 visit to San Francisco. It was advertised as a three star hotel but as you can see from the pictures, our room was horrible. There were cigarette burns on the furniture, exposed insulation on the rusty pipes in the closet. Chips on the furniture and scuff marks on the walls and doors. The carpets were stained in the room and in the hallway outside our room. Not to mention, we had to walk past prostitutes and vagrants on our way from the Muni to the hotel. I see it is still rated as a three star hotel but after the experience we had, we'll never go back. I eventually got our travel agent to put us in a different hotel but we still wound up having to pay for the one night that we stayed at the Clarion Bedford.	
May 22 2005	Not for everybody website photos misleading.	We were booked to stay here for four days, but ended up staying only one night. Like all Kimpton properties, they have a great pet policy and the price (under $100) was very reasonable. However, we were put in a really dingy room with horrible lighting on the ninth floor.... nothing like the sleek, modern rooms shown on the website. It had that distinct gummy-paint-won't-dry feeling that reminds one of undergraduate apartments. We were there with our dog and found that downtown San Francisco is just not a very easy place to stay with a dog, so we moved out to a suburban hotel. Valet parking was expensive and a hassle, and it's important to note that this was a hangout for GenX types. The rickety elevator and very narrow halls made me think that this would be a deathtrap in a fire. For the hip with budget constraints, not a good choice for families.	
Dec 23 2004	Great Staff	We stayed here in November 2003 and thoroughly enjoyed it. The staff were so friendly and helpful. It's a fun hotel - kind of funky decor and we enjoyed the evening wine reception. We got a great rate and would definitely consider staying here again - our kids complained a little about the walk back to the hotel - but the exercise is good for you!	
Oct 4 2004	Cosmo Hotrel Exceeded my Expectations!!!!!	After booking different hotels on the internet I decided to go all the way with this hotel, because the rate I got was excellent so as the info, location and pictures dispayed on different web pages. I was not disappointed, the staff was friendly, the room was in great condition, the location was perfect, so if I ever go back to SF this hotel will be my first and only choice!.	
Sep 27 2004	Clean and comfortable but lacking in amenities	Although the hotel was advertised as having facilities to provide meals, breakfasts, room service and drinks, there is no longer a bar or restaurant at this hotel. This was a disappointment as we were expecting to be able to eat there. Nonetheless, the hotel is really well presented and the staff exceptional. The rooms are clean and tidy and have refreshments but as with any mini bar, the prices are pretty high. The hotel is also quite an uphill walk from Union Square and not necessarily suited to anyone who is elderly or has mobility problems.	
Sep 1 2004	Great Hotel!!	Stayed here this past August 12-15, 2004 and was incredibly delighted with the location, service and ambiance. The staff was helpful and attentive, the location was excellent for walking around the city and it was clean. There was no air conditioning, although it was not needed and street noise could be an issue if it bothers you - I prefer fresh air myself!! We rented an Avis car which was right down the block and did find parking on the street, although it took a couple drives around the block to find a space one night. Great hotel for the price would visit there again!!	
Aug 3 2004	Funky Purple Hotel	After searching through almost all the hotels in San Francisco, I ended up selecting Hotel Cosmo because of the modern &amp; contemporary style I saw on the internet. Upon opening the door though we entered into a room (smoking) not at all like I had seen on the internet. We called the front desk and were switched to a room just as shown in all the pictures. I believe that some or all of the smoking rooms have not yet been renovated so they can be a disappointment. Once we switched I was thoroughly happy though. The bathroom was small, and the nightstands &amp; dresser could be updated a little, but the rest of the decor in the room made up for it. The valet service was a little expensive @ $25 a night, but hey, it's San Fran. The staff was so incredibly nice &amp; willing to make our stay as wonderful as possible. The hotel is within walking distance of many things, but you will need to either take the trolley car or a rental car unless you want to walk some very steep hills to get to your destination. I strongly suggest asking about the room before you book it (if not online). If you want a smoking room &amp; want the one shown on the website ask if it's been renovated.	
Aug 2 2004	Pleasent stay at the Cosmo	I stayed at the Cosmo in july 2004. It has a nice location, in a pretty quiet neighborhood. Spent two night there and had no complaints. Rooms were clean; kind of small though... I found parking spots on the street, even though I went there on a week-end, so I skipped the $25 per night the hotel was asking for parking.It's a decent priced hotel in a decent neighborhood, and you won't have any unpleasant surprises.	
Jul 17 2004	THE COSMO WAS CHARMING	I really enjoyed the hotel. We were on the 16th floor, and the view was really nice. The bathroom was a bit small, but hey, this is Downtown San Francisco, and the hot bath after walking was perfect. The staff was friendly and helpfull, than the staff you would find in the city of Las Vegas, that's for sure. We were close enough to the Cable Car and to Bart that we parked the car and left it for 3 days. The daily parking fee of 25.00 was more than I expected, but then again, people pay that and more in Los Angeles just going to work!!!. And with the parking came unlimited in's and out's. But it was more convenient to walk, or ride the public transportation. (walking was difficult with all the hills though). The staff each morning would take out a map and tell us exactly what we needed to do to get to our destination, and always with a smile. We had a great time, and would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 16 2004 	Summertime At the Cosmo	June 2004 was our first trip to San Francisco. Delta Vacations was running a promotion that included the Cosmo, so we thought we would give it a try. The staff was friendly and informative, and the valet ( although expensive ) was fast. Our room was great. Recently updated with that funky color scheme. The location is great for Union Station, but it does require a little effort to travel further. ( The bus stop is in frot of the hotel.) The Cosmo is a good hotel at a fair price.	
Jul 1 2004	The Cosmo enhanced our stay!	It's funky and a nice boutique hotel to stay in the Union Square area. The folks that work there are pure San Francisco, but very nice and helpful. Sure the rooms are small, but the price is great and it has just enough of its own charm to ehance your stay in The City.	
Jun 20 2004	We enjoyed our stay. June 2004	All the staff was friendly and helpful. The room and bathroom were a bit smaller than average but were clean and the beds comfortable. The view from the 12th floor was great. They displayed local art work around the lobby which we enjoyed. Although there were no air conditioners, the open window kept the room cool. I am a hot natured person so I called for a fan which sent everyone else in the room running for the additional blankets conveniently left in the closet. There was an honor bar with a small refridgerator but we never used it since there was a convenience store so close.We walked to Chinatown, Union Square and caught the cable car to Fisherman's Wharf. We never felt unsafe, even at night. There were convenience stores, a laundry mat, hair/nail salon, Avis car rental, a coffee shop and several restaurants (some required reservations such as Fena and La Colonial) within a couple blocks. Oh and for our final night since we were so tired, we ordered Pizza Hut (from around the block).We definately enjoyed our stay at the Cosmo hotel and would stay there again.	
May 20 2004	Nothing like the pictures	We were expecting a sleek modern hotel as shown in the website pictures - the room we actually got was terrible (in decor), one of the worst I've stayed in in the US. It hadn't been renovated for at least 20 years and showed - blue painted walls, non-matching floral curtains and bed spread and cheap white furniture. The hotel is also quite a trek from Union square vs other much closer hotels for the same price	
May 13 2004	Our stay at the Cosmo	We stayed at this hotel for a few days in September 2003. My only complaint was the tiny bathrooms/windows that became stuck. My only concern with the open window was that there was no screen. The window opened all the way so it'd be easy for someone to fall out. Not recommended for people with small kids. I loved the view from the 14th floor. Loved the funky, retro-ish manner in which the room was decorated, although I admit that it might not suit some people's style. The staff was extremely friendly. We had no trouble getting around town walking/on buses/cable cars. I believe it was 25 dollars per day for parking, and next time I think I would look around for a cheaper lot as we never used our car during our stay. Never felt unsafe walking around neighborhood at night. Overall, I had a great stay at the Cosmo and I would definitely stay there again!	
May 1 2004	Very comfortable but low on decor	Having been told that the hotel was right next to union square, we were somewhat disappointed to find that it was a steep four block uphill journey. We stayed in a deluxe room on the second highest floor, with a not too bad view of the urban jungle. The room was of a nice size but they had skimped a bit on the bathroom and we only had a few cable channels. It certainly was not as nice as in the photos. Maid service was a bit erratic and it's clearly in need of redecoration. Having said that the room was very very comfortable with a wonderfully soft bed which was just what you needed after a hard day's sightseeing. Good value for money overall, and if you don't plan to spend too much time in the hotel then this is great. There is a free wine hour but it seems like a bit of an afterthought and there is not really enough for even half the guests to have just one glass. Served well by local buses although don't expect the staff to know that.	
Apr 20 2004	Dont believe the pictures	I stayed at the hotel cosmo in spring 2004. Its always a suprise to see how the website photos match up with reality. The lobby looked similar to the photos online but my room was very different. It was a typical ugly motel room. Clean, but by no means the sleak modern look they boast on the web. My guess is only the suites are like that. If your driving, park overnight in the garage one block over, its 18$ for 24 hours as opposed to the $25 plus tax and tip for the hotels valet service (i think they end up parking your car in the same garage anyway). All in all not a bad place to stay just don't expect a good looking room.	
Apr 19 2004	Had a nice stay here...	On arrival we already felt welcome at this hotel. Although the hotel is a bit old here and there (bathtub, chairs, elevator etc.), we enjoyed our stay at the Cosmo. The rooms are small but cozy and clean. The hotel lacks a restaurant but SF has numerous restaurants. Across from the hotel is a little shop. Here you can have a nice breakfast, not to expensive. It's small but they have good coffee (Illy) and in the morning (when the sun shines) you can enjoy the sun outside having breakfast....	
Apr 17 2004	Great place friendly staff	My wife and I spent a Fridya night here and thought it was great. Reminded us both of some of the hotels we stayed at in Europe.The staff is very friendly, and it doesn't seem to be in that bad a part of town. It is on the edges of the Tenderloin, but I never felt unsafe.There is also a pretty good cafe across the street. I can't recall the name. Cafe Latte or something like that.Also, we didn't catch it, but they have poetry readings and other art exhibitions every Thursday night. I think the one we missed was a short film followed by a reading. We would stay there again, especially for the price and if we were doing anything at Union Square or watching a play.	
Mar 30 2004	Good value friendly staff	This is a nice hotel a little tattered around the edges. It's a slight notch below some other &quot;boutique&quot; properties like The Rex but it's also much less expensive.It's kind of on the cusp between Union Square and Tenderloin but we always felt safe near the hotel.My only complaint was an uncomfortably soft bed.	
Mar 25 2004	Quiet 	After trudging up Powell and Post streets dragging 80 lbs of luggage (poor ground transport planning by moi), my friend and I were pleasantly surprised by Hotel Cosmo. The staff were welcoming and accomodating during our stay, the room small and cozy with fabulously comfortable beds and real down pillows. No restaurant in the hotel, but while in San Francisco, who cares? Real opening windows, which we left open for the duration of our stay to enjoy the fresh, cool breezes. The staff told me that the hotel has been recently sold again, and that more improvements will be made (maybe double-glazed windows to cut down on street noise? I hope not - loved the opening windows!). The hotel is far enough away from Union Square to cut down on the street noise, but close enough to walk anywhere...and much better to walk without one's suitcase - LOL! Will definitely be back!	
Mar 13 2004	Quaint	I liked the hotel in general, however the windows did not have a screen and we were unable to raise it but the allowed few inches. It was hot and stuffy in the room at times. At night it became quite noisy and it was difficult to fall asleep and stay asleep. The rooms were clean, I liked the color of the hallway and carpeting. The tub was old and u could see the old color so it did not feel clean although it was. I liked the area it was in. It made for good people watching and everything was within walking distance. I would recommend it.	
Mar 9 2004	Modern and Chic	After a very long and extensive search to find a reasonably priced, but good hotel in the San Francisco Union Square Area, I found Hotel Cosmo on a hotel website. The price was under $100, and the decor was modern and artsy, (my favorite style). This was one of the few hotels with no bad reviews, so I thought I would give it a shot. When we arrived at the hotel, the staff was very friendly and courteous. (My father actually talked to one of the desk clerks in the morning for about half an hour.) The decorations were just as they appeared on the website. The rooms were clean, although a bit cramped for 4 of us staying there. The hotel actually used to be a Russian Embassy until only a few years ago, so it is newly renovated. The bathrooms were fairly small and the bathtub was grimy, but it served its function. The location of the hotel wasn't quite in the most perfect area, but only about 3 blocks away from shopping and China Town. It also seemed safe from my experience (i.e. no bums hanging around) There also was a very good, cheap and cute cafe right accross the street which I reccommend for breakfast. Overall, if you are looking for a reasonably priced modern and artsy hotel with a friendly staff, this is the place to stay. oh yes, and how can I forget to mention how much I enjoyed the complimentary wine from 5-6.	
Jan 14 2004	Wonderful stay	I chose this hotel based on the previous review and the great deal I found on Travelhero ($160 for 2 nights). My husband and I are in our mid-twenties, and enjoy staying in small, boutique style hotels that have personality. The friendly front desk manager gave us an early check-in and remembered small details eg. he gave us a message from friends asking us out to dinner, and remembered this when we checked out and enquired about our dinner. The lobby and adjoining banquet room also hosts art exhibitions and we enjoyed looking at some local art. Our room was spacious and immaculate with modern furnishings that appealed to our design esthetic. We especially loved the soft purple theme the hotel has used, from the exterior to the rubbish bins in the rooms. The location was just what we were looking for and we would definately stay here again.	
Oct 8 2003	Honeymooning at The Cosmo	Chose Cosmo on the strength of their website due to lack of reviews (an wanted to stay at an Art Hotel within our budget) for our Honeymoon base in San Fran and we weren't disappointed. On arrival we were greeted with warm smiles and efficient service. The lobby was 'as is' in the picture (larger than I have come to expect from web photos of other hotel lobbies) we took one of the 2 lifts (nicely finished with brown velvet walls and blue and white lighting and cool jazz playing quietly) to the 12th. floor. We were given a corner room which gave us 2 windows overlooking the Tenderloin towards Soma and Nob Hill towards Haight and golden gate park. the room was very clean, good heavy curtains and matching heavy bed throw on the extremely comfortable double bed. A TV, an Honour bar system which included stocked minibar fridge and basket of goodies, coffe maker and an iron and ironing board. The bathroom was a bath and shower combo of decent size with a hairdryer which as my wife would testify was extremely powerful. The room was cleaned everyday of our 14night stay and if you opted into the water conservation cleaning system for towels and linen they were replaced every 3 days...so we did our bit for the the san fran environment. My only critisicism (and this goes for every hotel I ever stay in) why don't they educate people to not let their doors slam shut... I would return to the COSMO again, and wholely recommend it to others, of course there is the 5-6pm free wine session in the lobby also, which lubes you ready for the city streets and the artworks within the hotel gallery areas ease you in to this Art driven city.	
Jun 14 2002	renovated	The Clarion Bedford has undergone a renovation since the year 2000 comments below. the rooms look quite nice - not a Waldorf Astoria quality but you will feel compfortable. It now also has a small restaurant and bar in the lobby area. The hotel has an evening wine reception for quests. The staff are still very friendly and attentive. They only need to have someone purchase and bulldoze the tacky-rundown dry cleaner building accross the street and turn it into a small park/courtyard area.	
Apr 13 2009 	Pratique et pour les jeunes		
Jun 26 2008 	Bien situé idéal pour moyen ou long séjour		
Dec 20 2006	Un hôtel agréable		
