Oct 19 2009 	Terrible place.	My husband and I stayed here one night for my brother's wedding. The location was convenient, and there was a bed in the room, but those are really the only positive things I can say about this hotel. Management that we spoke to was cordial, but not helpful or even particularly friendly. I got the impression that she would've been happier if we left her alone, rather than renting a room from her.The room was tiny, very dingy and dirty - my husband (who is in the military and regularly sleeps outside on the ground) said he didn't want to touch anything. The curtains on the windows in our ground-floor room did not close properly - they barely covered the windows. We got the impression that anyone could have looked right in, and we certainly got a lot of light from outside.The bedding was coarse and felt dirty.The bathroom was tiny and dingy - the kind of place where you don't want to put your toothbrush down on the edge of the sink. (there was, by the way, no place at all to put your toiletries, other than perhaps the back of the toilet. Which, again, did not inspire confidence).In all, we stayed out late at the wedding, and had to get up very early to catch a flight - never have I been so happy to wake up and get on the move after so little sleep!	
Sep 28 2009 	Echo the previous review- bed bugs!	On my 2nd day there, discovered bed bug on the bed... was thoroughly disgusted. Luckily, didn't receive any bites, but I had to take precautions when I got home to make sure they weren't brought with me. The reviewer below who mentioned 'bloody sheets' likely saw the marks left by bedbugs or their droppings, which resemble blood since the bugs feed on human hosts. Gross- I know. This place was a piece of junk.	
Sep 26 2009 	Bed Bugs!	The location and value are great, but I was bit all over by bed bugs! I noticed small brown spots on the mattress in the morning (I stayed one night) and then over the next several days the bites appeared and turned into nasty welts. The room had an odd odor also.Check you beds if you stay there.	
Sep 10 2009 	Never again	Never again....People entered the room while we were out (they left lights on and moved things). They charged $10.00 more at check-in than the quoted room price. The TV didn't work until we fixed the cable. Fan was broken, etc. General disrepair. We would have left early, but they told us there was a 72 hour notice and we would have been charged anyway.	
Aug 18 2009 	Pay for what you get	Good location. Walking distance to the wharf, cable cars and Lombard crooked street. Parking lot very crowded. Only about 18 spaces available. $15 for parking on site. Other nearby hotels charge $30-$46/day. Rooms are very small and can hear your neighbors at night. OK if you're there to sleep only. Bathroom towels are very thin. Would return just for the location and value.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great location but the rest is bad news - bloody sheets...yuck!	This hotel is in a great location. That's the only positive. I stayed two nights (room 212).On our departure morning, my husband walked over and asked if my son or I had any cuts because there was blood on the sheets near the foot of the bed. No one in our party had any cuts or bleeding That was disgusting!Other things to consider, if you plan to stay here. The hotel was sold out the first night. I was in a non-smoking room. However, the hotel is small so when the people in the smoking rooms light up, the non-smokers are smoking, too. I felt as if my son smoked his first pack of cigarettes. This hotel is on a very busy, noisy street. Bring ear plugs and put your noise maker on high. Hotel owner should invest in the following: 1) train house keeping to ALWAYS put clean sheets on the beds 2) make the hotel a non-smoking hotel with designated smoking areas near the front office, by the street corner 3) install ceiling fans 4) install flat screen tvs so there's more space in each room 5) replace media center wiith 6 drawer bureau	
Aug 6 2009 	Deposit required to activate room phone	Wanted to make collect call to family in Canada but was asked to pay a $20. deposit to activate our phone. Had never heard of anything so absurd. Deposit is required for local calls as well. Ended up going to the Marriot Hotel across the street to use the pay phone in their lobby to make a collect call to Canada.Also wish they had laundry facilities for guests.	
Jul 29 2009 	the best location for the best price	Within walking distance is Fisherman's Wharf with tons of restaurants &amp; shops. Bourdin had good food and a great view but it was a little pricey. A short walk to Starbucks and Trader Joe's on Bay St. Columbus street had lots of places to eat as well. The Stinking Rose was amazing, and pastry at shops along Columbus were delicious (try Stella.) Giordano Bros made their own fries in front of you and served them ON the sandwich with slaw. A taxi ride away-do not miss the House of Nanking, best Chinese food in town. Served family-style, expect to wait in line. The best food I've had in a while. (I know I must sound fat by now, but I really earned it-we were in town for the San Francisco Marathon!)We rented bikes from Blazing Saddles on Columbus and biked to the Golden Gate-$32 for 24 hour rental, a neat way to see the city. Taxis are all over the place around the hotel, the Hilton is across the street. Bus station close as well. The only drawback to this location was the noise. It is a very busy street and with horns honking and buses thundering by, it was hard to sleep. I finally bought some earplugs from Walgreen's and got a good night's sleep the last night. Also, there is no A/C, but there is a heater. (Although it was freezing in the middle of July in SF, so you may not need the A/C anyway.) The window opens for ventilation and there is a fan. Overall I felt very safe there. I got in really late the first night and stayed alone, then my friends came in the next night. I was not the least bit scared. The staff was really nice &amp; helpful, especially the cleaning lady. I must say I'm pretty picky about hotel cleanliness (especially the bathroom) but this place exceeded my expectations. No hair or dirt anywhere. It was cute with flowers potted everywhere outside. Highly recommend this place-will definitely stay again.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great for the price!	This hotel is an older hotel, but if you are planning on site seeing all day this is the place to stay. Most of all, your room is clean! It's close to most tourist attractions,major bus stop right in front of the hotel, friendly staff, clean room. For the price, it was great! I would stay there again!	
Jul 16 2008 	Great value	1. cleaniness2. location3. priceWhile searching for a decent priced hotel in the Fishermans Wharf area, we literally ran into it. It is located in the same block of the Marriot, Hilton and Holiday Inn. It's at the corner between Jones and Bay, a 3 minutes walk to the piers, 10 mins from North Beach. Extremely safe and touristy area. Rooms are motel size, VERY clean, have probably the biggest showers I've ever seen at a motel. Front desk are quite helpful. We did skip breakfast as it was a joke but used their wireless connection which worked great. Parking is 10$ per day and it's a great deal too. The only downside consisted in the house keeping lady, who lets her little daughter play in the guest rooms while cleaning. Not really professional. She left our tv on for all day on a cartoon channel. I would definetely stay there again, as it is the only option if you do not want to spend +170$ at the hotels nearby nor want to end up in a proprer hotel just in the middle of the Tenderloin. We paid 89$ including taxes and parking (weekday) which goes up to 139$ including taxes and parking during weekends. checkout their website, they have special internet rates. All in all a great deal.	
Jun 24 2008 	Nice but could be better	We asked for a non-smoking room but got a room that was so stincky we couldn't even sleep. The guy at the reception told us that he cannot do anything because we checked in too late.The breakfast is nothing, just coffee and sticky cake - yuk.Internet connection very slow, doesnt really work.Location is good.	
Dec 24 2007 	Never!!	Stayed here August 11-14, 2007 to be close to the Wharf.Positive: Close to the wharf.Negative: Bad attitude from front desk. Rooms dirty. Shower tiny and cold then scalding hot. Extremely cramped room with a closet that was useless because it's door was only about 2 ft wide, while closet was about 6 feet deep.No A/C. Just a small fan on top of the TV. Towels so thin you could see through them,No parking, for all practical purposes.Bad bed. Noisy. Did I say dirty?Don't subject yourself to this place.	
Nov 15 2007 	not too bad but not great	My husband and I stayed in this hotel/motel for 2 nights the last week of October. We drove the california coast for our honeymoon without a map or reservations anywhere. Pulled into San Fran and started looking for hotel, there was a big convention going on so couldn't find a room anywhere. This wouldn't have been my choice but beggers can't be choosey. Anyway the owner/clerk ripped our heads off the first night at $219, but I guess he liked my husband and gave us half price the next night. Parking is only $10, which is really good for SF, but there's not much of it so not everyone will get a space. Rooms are tiny and old fashioned, but we were never there during the day anyway, just slept there. There is no AC, but we like sleeping with the windows open and going to sleep listening to the seals.The owner/clerk was actually pretty nice and gave us maps and suggestions of places to explore in SF, so all in all we would probably go back.	
Sep 22 2007 	Don't Expect a great place	You get what you pay for and this place is a perfect example of it. This motel was okay and it was what i expected for the money. Directly across the street was a nice hotel but was 3 times the cost. If you want service, big fluffy pillows, large bath towels, and space in room to move around then this isn't the place for you. If you are looking for a place to clean up and get some sleep and save some money for a nice meal on the town then this is the place. There is very little parking in this hotel so take a taxi here and use the bus system to get around.	
Sep 16 2007	Shower at your own risk	My son booked this hotel the weekend of September 8 2007 thinking it was convenient for our itinerary. We checked in around 7 p.m. We discovered no place to park. We almost parked two blocks away in a public parking lot except my son watched for someone taking off from a spot on Columbus and thanks to cell phone, called me as soon as a spot was available. The manager was rude and unapologetic and did not even suggest any options ( such as the parking lot two blocks away). Rather he told us...&quot;This is San Francisco&quot; and they don't guarantee paking for hotel guests.I told him my son should have been warned of the parking dilemma as we may have opted to arrive early to compete for spots or go to another hotel ( such as Holiday Inn or Marriott ) which was across from Travelodge. He refused to refund us when I demanded to switch hotels. Since this was my son's first attempt at booking travel for our family, we went ahead and stayed. The room was on the first floor. The room had curtains with a broken rod, the bathroom towel rack has obviously been broken and taken out but not replaced. Taking a shower was dangerous. You could be scalded or frozen. In the midst of a shower, the shower did not dispense the water equitably so that in the middle of the shower, the hot water would come on or the extremely cold water would take its place. One had to hop to the side to avoid the extreme impact of very hot or very cold water and wait until the water temperature was the right one. Thus showers took a long time.No one could sleep ( as we were on the first floor) with thin walls and loud doors banging all around us. There was screaming each night from somewhere in the neighborhood. I could not tell if they came from homeless persons or from residents in homes nearby. I finally made sure I had wine with my dinner on Sunday to ensure sleep and recover what I lost on Satuday night.There was mold in the shower and the sink. The closet was extremely difficult to get into. I do not recommend this to anyone who has the financial ability to go to another hotel. Otherwise, it is in a good location - walking distance to Ghilardelli and Fisherman's Wharf. If this is your only option ( cost wise), arrive early to get a parking spot in the lot or around it.	
Dec 9 2006	No Hot Water	Terrible terrible terrible!!! No hot water for showers, regardless of the hour of day. Had to call office and complain to get them to turn on the hot water heaters............... Horrible, cheap dump of a place.	
Jul 24 2006 	Don't do it	Oh it was terrible. There are no words. Go elsewhere if you possibly can, short of sleeping on the street, and maybe even that would be safer and more comforting.	
Mar 8 2006	You get what you pay for...	We stayed 2 nights at the travelodge fisherman's wharf in early March. I wanted to stay close to the wharf and I'd gotten a great deal thru Hotwire. The rooms were very basic hotel rooms. Everything was clean, though a bit shabby. We had no trouble getting a parking spot. The parking cost $10 a day, which was very reasonable. The location was excellent, a short walk to the Fisherman's wharf, but I would not recommend this hotel. Inside the closet, the walls seemed to be rotted out at the bottom and on that entire side of the room the carpet was soaking wet. So much so that it squished when you walked on it. It started to smell mildewy in there by the second day. Also, my travel partner believes that housekeeping (or someone) opened and went through his suitcase while we were out. (Nothing was taken.)	
Feb 5 2006	basic but clean	We stayed at this hotel for 3nights,part of a 3week tour of california. VERY basic rooms,more like a motel. But everything worked &amp; everything was clean. But then we did treat it just like a hotel, left in the morning &amp; went back at night to sleep. Would I stay here again? No, only because it is too basic.	
Oct 13 2005	Don't waste your time or money!	What a major disappointment! The Travelodge at Fisherman's Wharf is a dump! Not even the special rate of $99 per night was worth staying. No air conditioning in room, just a dirty fan blowing warm air on you. Both beds had lumpy mattresses, and scratchy sheets. The shower stall (no tub) had leaked through the wall so the plaster was moldy. The carpet was so dirty I had to wash my grandson's feet again the next morning before I put his socks on. We had booked 4 nights; needless to say, we checked out very first thing next morning. When I asked desk clerk that night if he had any room freshener spray, he said to ask Housekeeping in the morning. How could we sleep with the mold smell in the room? I've stayed in Travelodge properties in the past but now I will be reluctant to book at other locations. The happy side of this story is we walked across the street, stayed at the beautiful Holiday Inn for only $159, in deluxe room, with excellent service.	
Oct 12 2005	Just what I needed - for budget-minded only	I moved to the Travelodge Fisherman's Wharf from a boutique hotel in the theatre district just to be in a safe and cheerful neighbourhood. The Travelodge was as simple as you'd expect - nothing fancy at all - but it was friendly and felt safe. I'd highly recommend bringing earplugs, cause the traffic is right outside the door. With earplugs I got a very good night's sleep. It's easy to walk to places for dinner or breakfast, and the neighbourhood's safe.Love those super-extra-sweet processed pastries that serve as a complimentary breakfast! ;) When in Rome...lesley	
Aug 13 2005	Dreadful decor creaky floorboards you will need earplugs!	Great location, mintues walk from Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39 however, this was by far the worst hotel my family and I have ever stayed in. The room was tiny. Both double beds had teddy bear bedspreads on them, the curtains, lampshades and pictures also had teddy bears on them. The bathroom wasn't particularly clean. Our biggest complaint was of the incredibly noisy floorboards above our room. The first night they creaked from 10.30 until 12.30, the next morning we were woken at 5.30 with the same noise. I informed the man at reception who told me they had never had any complaints before. I had to buy sleeping tablets for our last night. If I hadn't prepaid, we would have checked out immediately.	
Jul 1 2005 	Not too bad.	We just stayed here one night in June, and it was fine. The clerk was friendly and gave us a choice of first floor or third floor room. The room itself was small but not uncomfortably so. Stand up shower only.... biggest complaints are that there was no A/C (although the heat was ON and it was June!), no fridge or microwave. Also, parking does cost an extra $10 + tax (and you need to let them know ahead of time that you will require a space), and it was barely worth it for us as we checked in late and had to check out at noon. We almost would have been better off parking all day and night in one of the close garages as we had to move our car and pay for all-day parking anyway. But the location of this hotel is truly excellent and really it wasn't a bad experience overall.	
Nov 9 2004	Not worth the benefits of the location	Wow, this place is dodgy. We stayed for one night in Dec 2003 (booked 3, but checked out the following morning) and it was dreadful. Firstly, the check-in clerk wasn't at his desk. We waited for 15 minutes and called repeatedly (8-10 times) until he answered, which was annoying as it was pouring rain outside. He then took about 10 minutes to find our reservation, which I had confirmed by phone earlier in the day. Once in our room, we found we had no heat and on a very cold, wet night, this was a great inconvenience. The clerk dragged out an old space heater that clanged all night and didn't warm the room. The carpets were stained, water leaks in the faucets, rooms were cramped and the TV didn't work. Awful night and we weren't even offered a discount after the stay. Never, never stay here. Pay 20.00 more and get a decent place.	
Jul 29 2004	Be careful!	Small rooms, not super clean and half our reservations were lost. Watch the bill when you check out. Sloppy.	
May 17 2004	Great Location.........that's all	Had heard good things about this motel and have stayed at other Travelodges so didn't hesitate to book. I wish that I hadn't. We got room 216 with two queen beds. The room is tiny (this includes the bathroom), we really struggled with to adults and lugage. The curtains were dirty, the lamp was broken, the floor was dirty, the toilet is loose on the floor, the wash basin is at an angle and there is rust on the hinges of the bathroom door. The only good thing going for this place is location. It is ideally placed for fishermans Wharf and the cable cars. I have to say that I would rather spend $32 more per night and stay at Holiday Inn one block down.	
Feb 23 2004	Not to bad at all	We enjoyed our stay here, it was nice and close to everything. While it was not the Ritz, we have seen worse. Rooms are a bit cluttered. But it was nice and clean and liked the fact I could make a coffee in my room. Seems not many American Motels have this facility. Loved the yummy bun things available in the office every morning and the fruit juices. We surely would stay here again. Staff nice and friendly and helpful.Regards Don and Rae	
Dec 2 2003	Care Bear Look Alikes On Walls and Decor	Was close to SF Wharf but got the kiddy room for 1 adult and 1 teenager room was full of the the BearTravelodge guy ...on curtains..bedspread and chair...had coffee in room and lobby area where the front office slept.................one of the most interesting place with character in such a stranger city	
Feb 13 2003	eeewwwww	Blech was right! the room we had was no bigger that our bedroom at home and this one had 2 beds and a table and a armour for the t.v. way small. No room to move. Had ants on the bathroom sink. water went cold when someone else from another room had a shower. the floor creaks. And then they charge you 10 bucks aday for parking and dollar a day to use a safe in the room even if you don't use it. Gouge Gouge. It would have been cheaper to park in a parkade all day. The only good thing about it that it was close to fishermans wharf (great place) Beware of the Camera/gift shop on Northpoint rd. It has the purple awnings, the guy in there is a fast talker and will probably sell you something you don't really need or want and will charge you too much for it. It is just down the street from Celtic Crafts.	
Jan 15 2003	Blech!	I had the unfortunate experience of staying at this property on NYE. The only good thing about it is the location (close to the Wharf, Ghiradelli's, cable car, market railway, etc.)My room was dirty; I didn't have any towels and there were ants in the room. I usually stay at travelodges; this one was a big disappointment!	
Oct 4 2009 	Ottima posizione		
