Aug 10 2009 	You Get What You Paid For - Good Location	I paid $60 a night, not bad for San Francisco, but beware, there are a lot of homeless people on the block where the hotel is located, they will hound you for money, if you ignore them and keep walking.....There is always people on the streets, locals, shoppers, and a lot of tourist.....When you go out of the hotel, you must leave your room key with desk clerk.The rooms are small, make sure you get the own bathroom, if you get shared, you must go to end of the hall and use the community bathrooms. Bring your own hairdryer, they advertise in room, but did not see one.....Had to do without one....Skimpy towels too!!Elevator is kind of creaky!!The hotel is one-block from the Civic Center BART station and 4-block to Union Square and the Westfield Shopping Center(7-stories), they have a hugh Food Court in the Basement Level, ate there almost every day of our 4-day stay....They do have Belkin Wireless Hot-Spot in the Lobby only, FREE, the password is on the glass on desk clerk, it will not work in the room!	
Jul 2 2009 	it was a good experience	I really liked the hotel. It was clean and friendly. The only thing that bothered us was the elevator, it was scary. Everyone we met at the hotel all felt like it was haunted and we think it was.	
Jun 29 2009 	my worst experience	I got a reservation for two, but they gave a single room, with a small bed, so i got to pay $ 30.00 more to get what i had reserved already, because it was late and i have not option, beside that, the total was supposed to be $ 50.00 and they charged $60.00 so i finally pay almost doble to get what i thought i have already reserved, the hotel smell like hell, it was so noisy, i have been in many hotels, but this it is my worst experience, i feel they cheated to me. i truely believe should have reserved a much better room for what i paid there, but in another hotel, last year i paid the same at air hotel and the service was really nice, clear. aida hotel not even one star.	
Mar 11 2009	I didn't like it	the room , beds and bathroom were small and with bad smells. we pay about 90 USD. the neighborhood is not that bad. there are homeless but also lot of people on street. I didn't felt insecure.	
Jan 2 2009 	Old  but charming and historic!	We have stayed at the Aida Hotel three times, and it has been pretty nice! Old, yes, it was built in 1912. Close to everything, and it has a great city feel on rooms facing the street. It was fun looking down on the streetcars below! I did not see any bedbugs, and the rooms seemed pretty clean. The shower pressure had a lot to be desired, and the water temperature,fluctuated wildly! Yes, there are some strange people around, but they are everywhere in San Fransisco! Parking garage was a bit spooky, but not over priced. Bjorn in San Diego	
Nov 30 2008 	A good budget hotel	I have stayed lots of times at the Aida. This is a budget hotel, so don´t expect hairdryers, fridge etc. It is reasonably clean and safe. The staff is very friendly. San Francisco is a city you need many days. This hotel usually have quite good weekly rates, so ask for a good price on a week or more. Market street is a street full of bums and shady people, but it is a main street so it is ok lit up and not too unsafe. Walk streewise. This is a good place if you are on a budget trip.	
Aug 30 2008	Danger danger!!	I cannot believe Orbitz has this place listed as 3 stars!!!! based on what standards I'd like to know. There are seedy strip clubs around it, bums and sketchy looking people lurking. The good news is, if you're a druggy and you are looking for used needles- look no further than in front of the garage 2 blocks away from the hotel. To add to the fun- they will print your credit card with the expiration date on your receipt and to keep for their own records which are safely kept out of reach from everyone- not!!!! Way to go Orbitz- I will neveruse you again- dummies.	
Jul 31 2008 	Would have preffered Bates Hotel	Cannot warn you enough about not staying here. It is terrible. Area is extremely rundown and full of hoods. A sign inside the office window about $20 per person for a police call-out fee explains alot! They had completely wrong information about our reservation. We ended up in haggle session over a twin hotel room, as they had firstly told us there were none available for the rate we had been given in our reservation, only after threating to stay only 1 night, there was suddenly a room available for the 3 nights that we wanted. This happend to two couples behind us also, i know this, because, as we were waiting inside the elevator in the lobby to take us up to the 3rd floor, the door suddenly started opening and closing, taking us nowhere. Apparently it hadnt been going for a while. I pity those who had to drag their luggage up to the 6th floor. We were also told there was only one room key, so to give it back whenever we went out, we didnt. Although somehow they still managed to get in to change the towels. The room was decent, but not to scratch for what we paid. Towels had yellow stains on them. The area is VERY seedy. Definately the wrong end of town.	
Jul 18 2008 	Hated Aida Hotel	Aida Hotel is overpriced, considering its interior and location. My room was small and was VERY unpleasant to lodge overnight. The towels provided were uncleaned; mine had a hairball and a yellow stain on it. A lot of homeless people and &quot;gangsters&quot; were hanging outside the hotel at night as well. Aida Hotel also reminds me of one of those scary hostels you see on TV. In conclusion, this is a hotel I will never forget- it continues to haunt me whenever my family plans a vacation. (I don't even think Aida Hotel should even be considered a hotel!!!) FYI: My family and I only stayed at Aida Hotel for one night and stayed at Best Western for the remaining of our vacation (3 nights). Best Western was MUCH, MUCH, MUCH better and only costed a dollar less!	
Jun 18 2008 	Not that bad	If you know anything about San Fran, you know that everything is overpriced, there are lots of homeless people, and finding parking is a disaster. Those are all just things visitors should be prepared for. This hotel is on a less savory street, but none of the people gave us any trouble at all. Once inside, the owners and managers were all very friendly, and when I needed to switch rooms becuase we needed an extra bed, they were completely accomodating. The room was clean, and we had a bathroom that we didn't have to share. The parking situation is less than ideal here, and I wouldn't recomend it for a woman traveling alone (due to the dark garage aspect), but it is secure. If you are looking for a cheap place to spend a night in San Fran without any frills, this is a good bet. My fiance and I plan to go back there next time we're in the city.	
Jan 22 2008 	bad neighbourhood!	The hotel is in the city but there are so many homeless people day and night, so it's not fun to walk there at alI. I didn't like the atmosphere and the reception desk people. You have to park your car (you have to pay a lot for it) in a carpark at an other hotel. To walk from your car to the hotel is horrible too. The rooms are very old and not very clean and the shared bathrooms are dirty. The next day we left the hotel to stay at a motel at Lombard street, same price but very good, clean and big. With the bus you can go everywhere! So don't stay here, I was afraid the people around Aida hotel wanted to rob me or do even worse things!	
Oct 18 2007 	BED BUGS ALERT!	Upon arrival, we were dismayed to find out that the room didnt come with a bathroom. It was cheap but that was it. We had to go to a shared toilet outside the room. What's worse is that the room had a pretty bad smell - as in, it just didnt feel clean. The bed was awful. When we got up, we had bed bug bites all over us. The hotel is close to a nearby disco/pub and the loud music kept us turning and tossing all night. Travellers beware: The price of the room DOES NOT INCLUDE parking for your car. The guy wanted to charge us USD 25 just for leaving our car in his garage. AND get this: the parking garage is TWO blocks away. Imagine this - you are tired and zoned out from driving LV to SF and then lugging your heavy suitcases two blocks to your room. The environment is especially bad. There were unsavoury characters hanging around the entrance of the Aida Hotel. Especially the ATM. Be careful.I wouldnt go back EVEN if the hotel pays me to.	
Oct 7 2007 	Desperate but Happy Hotel Stay	I needed a room after leaving the Ramada, with a very mean, front desk reception. The reception at the Aida wasjust the opposite, he was super; his wife and daughter came to visit at times. I stayed in a shared bathroom unit.Low noise and an Asian restaurant 1 block away, also 1 around the corner.The hotel is a lot better than it looks.After visiting my prospective city, I returned to the Aida.	
Aug 22 2007 	Run Away!	As downscale as it gets in Frisco - don't be fooled by Aida's location oin Market Street, home of Nordstrom, Bloomingdales and the world-famous SF cable car. This is a bum location. Period.The Aida is right in the heart of 4/5 blocks of homeless people and the associated down side this brings. Filthy streets, urine aromas, bins full of G*d knows what - this is realy disturbing especiallly when you have children in tow (as we did).The hotel is what it is - a cheap, 1-star place to rest your head. Nothing else. No frills although for 5 of us the room was deceptively spacious, clean enough without being too gross and staff were helpful enough - I think they hate the location as much as anyone and behave accordingly.The clientele were international and realy genuinely decent folk. Regular chats in the lobby around a breakfast of do-nuts and coffee were really pleasant.Any web-site that promotes this an okay location in Frisco is mis-leading (as we found out). If you are a student with a budget, it is okay (just); in every other circumstance, do not book a stay at the Aida UNTIL he SF authorities help the homelessness peoplkes of the city with their plight.	
Jul 31 2007 	Filthy Worst Place I've Ever Seen	FILTHY. STRAIGHT OUT OF THE MOVIE HOSTEL. This is the worst place I've ever seen and been in. The whole building is about to collapse. Extremely old. The room had an unbearable smell. Shady receptionist. Will always find a way to charge you a lot more than what you were promised. Surrounded by homeless people, druggies, prostitutes, and XXX peep shows. The only difference between this area and ghetto downtown LA is that people are fooled and actually come to this hotel. Did not even bother to stay the night.	
Jul 24 2007 	Clean But Please Let Me Go!	The hotel is old, but clean. The receptionist (if you could say so) is behind a bullet proof glass... that tells you something about the neighborhood. When I got out of the hotel two druggies started following me and tried to steal my luggage, finally I had to pay U$ 30!!The worst area for a tourist. Besides, I had the worst luck of all. I never got to see the muffins or donuts!	
Jun 15 2007 	HOTEL WORSE THAN A DUMP!!!	Beware!!! Expensive and trashy. Rooms sold on a per hour basis and located next to a live sex show establishment. Couldn't sleep all night because of the people out side partying. Room was so dirty had to sleep in clothes; bathroom was covered in weird muddy residue. One good thing is that in the morning they had some delicious doughnuts.	
Nov 10 2006 	bed bugs	mislead about this hotel from the start. would not recommend it. it just basically an old building with a few beds thrown in each room no remote controls no irons no kettles no hair dryers. the area the hotel is in speaks for itself very dodgy druggy area with alot of homeless on every corner not a place to b walking around at night time. the maid comes everyday with just one word &quot;towels&quot; if your in the room she wont change the sheets. breakfast consists of a cup of coffee &amp; a mufffin. bathrooms are tiny you wouldnt move in the shower the staff are helpful enough on a good day. place was crawling with bed bugs came home with a bad dose of them. if your looking for 1or2 nights peaceful sleep then go somewhere else people outside shoutin all night and fire engines and police are always on the go!!!!	
Jan 3 2006	A dump but a very nice clean dump.	As I told the cabbie taking me back to the hotel... (Try getting a cab in SF at 3:30 AM on New Years morning, but that's another story.) Where are you going to get a hotel in SF on New Years Eve for $50?? I only live 100 miles away, so I visit the city from time to time. I had passed by the Aida before, so I had stopped to take a look. Very old, (Probably built in the 20's), but very clean. So, since I was going to the city for NY Eve, I decided to stay there. VERY basic hotel. For an additional $10, you can get a room with bathroom facilities, but I decided to go with the most basic. Both bathroom and shower room were just a few steps down the hall. Both were also very clean. Room was also very basic, with an old TV with a channel DIAL, an old radio that didn't seem to work, a dresser, sink, and medicine cabinet with plastic cups inside. Towels and soap were also provided. The bed was a newer bed, and VERY comfortable, and sleeps two. Mine had only one pillow, so I told the clerk, and he immediately got me another pillow. I slept very comfortably. I didn't take advantage of the &quot;continental breakfast.&quot; (Coffee and donuts.) The biggest drawback to the hotel is the location at 7th and Market near the Civic Center, which is not the best of neighborhoods. However, the hotel is only a half block from the nearest bart/muni station which will take you anywhere in the city, bay area, or to either SF or Oakland airports. I was only about 5 blocks from my hotel when trying to catch a cab, but I didn't want to walk 5 blocks down Market street at 3:30 in the morning, ESPECIALLY on New Years morning. Great hotel for those on a budget who don't want to &quot;Hostel it.&quot; Proximity to Mass Transit is great.	
Mar 22 2005	Cheap	Clean sheets, so and so carpet, ----- street. It's as cheap as they come in San Fran. You get what you pay for.	
Oct 8 2009 	?????????????????		
Nov 17 2008 	Na ja... Eher nicht empfehlenswert		
