	Great Location	The Baldwin has a great location near Union Square and Chinatown. The rooms are average in size for many in the area but small compared to many newer hotels. We stayed on Thanksgiving and Friday. It was noisy on Thursday night but quiet on Friday night. We stayed on a 2 day shopping special that included free parking and taxes were also included. We used it mainly for sleeping and changing clothes. The room was clean and the staff was helpful!!! I would stay there again.	
	Great value	We stayed in a good sized Queen room that was recently renovated, had good light and a flat screen TV. Accommodations were basic, but clean and comfortable. Staff was friendly and very helpful. They had an amazing low rate posted on their website, which included parking. And the location is very central, safe and convenient, close to shopping, downtown, Chinatown, restaurants and public transportation.This is not a place to stay if you want to be pampered and catered to, but it was a great value for the price.	
Nov 25 2009 	location location location	We stayed here for 5 nights. Overall I was impressed enough to reccomend this hotel in terms of location and value for money. It is a simple, no frills property located in an older style building. Check in staff were efficent, room was quite small but again, met our needs.The real selling point is location. Turn left at the hotel entrance and It is steps away from Chinatown gate which if you walk through will lead you through this area, down Columbus (Italian Quarter) and eventually down to Fisherman's Wharf. (approx 30min walk) Turn right instead and you are 5 min walk from Cable Car turnaround, 10 min walk to Market street, Union Square and the BART station (cheap and easy way of getting to and from the airport)The hotel is for the budget aware among us. If price of accomodation is not an issue then choose somewhere else but in a similar location. However, if like me you treat your room as little more than a crash pad and somewhere to freshen up between siteseeing and dinner then this hotel will suit your needs well.San Francisco is a very walkable city and the public transport links are pretty decent. In this respect, I would highly reccomend staying in this area as opposed to down at the Wharf where, it is more touristy. It is truely a beautiful city. Some highlights include: cable car to lombard st... hop off... walk down and up to Coit Tower... beautiful viewsbike the bridge but continue on into Sausalito... explore this lovely bayside community with art gallaries and cafe culture before you and your bike catch the ferry back to the Wharf.... beats cycling back!.. P.S. biking the bridge is a tougher ride than they let on.Go do Napa for the day... Take the nighttime Alcatraz tour instead of the daytime... far superior and atmospheric as dusk and then dark settles while you are out on 'the rock'You will love SF and if you are ok with no frills accomodation then you will love the Baldwin	
Nov 24 2009 	Excellent Value in a Great Location"	A great find! Located on Grant Avenue, you can see the gate of Chinatown from your hotel windows. Upscale location, but an excellent price. The holiday special was $68 per night for one queen bed, with free parking included in the price. Can't beat that! Room was neat and very clean. Only problem was with the shower...I couldn't figure out how to turn on the shower head. Other than that, very pleased with the location, service, and the room. Would stay there again and will recommend to friends.	
Nov 22 2009 	Clean/inexpensive	Definitely not your luxury accommodations but, great value. Staff was very friendly, room clean and in a good location. Only downside was a noisy and slow elevator.	
Nov 17 2009 	Nice little hotel for the price.	I enjoyed the stay, location and accomodations. I would recommend that you get better fitting sheets on the beds. I will stay there again.	
Nov 17 2009 	Very quaint and rustic hotel great location but no amenities. I loved it	Excellent staff on premises, clean rooms and good security. It has an old time San Francisco feel to it and is located just outside of China Town and a couple blocks from Union Square and about the same from the Financial District. The prices can not be beat for the quality of the Hotel. A continental breakfast would be a nice addition, but I am not complaining. I would stay there again in a hearbeat. I loved the place.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great location. You're here to see the city not laze in hotel room.	Great location, at entrance to Chinatown, block away from Prada and Coach. Not far from Fisherman's Wharf/Pier 39. You can walk to Market and get a cablecar or muni. We were out and about seeing the city, so small room didn't bother us. Clean with recently renovated bath. Front desk staff always helpful. Noisy at night--our room faced an alley so we heard garbage pickups and street noise. What do you expect, it's the city.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great bargain - good location - little noisy	Stayed at the Baldwin first week of Nov '09 for two short visits. Rooms were spacious meticulously clean and good beds (we had two queens). Only problem was the temporary construction going on next door and the mid-night garbage pickups. After a tour of Big Sur we returned for a night prior to our departure back home. Very good for a bargain stay.	
Nov 12 2009 	Amazing deal	Frankly, I have no idea why the Baldwin doesn't charge more per night (that's not a suggestion, management!). Given the location, it's absolutely impossible to imagine a better deal. The rooms are simple, but comfortable, clean, well-maintained. The staff is courteous and helpful. I'll be back. The only thing I would have wanted that I didn't get was free internet (the pay option's easy to use, though).	
Nov 12 2009 	Great Location and Value	This is the third time I've stayed at the Baldwin Hotel. The location is excellent, close to Union Square, Chinatown, and the Financial District. Staff is very helpful, the rooms are clean and comfortable.	
Oct 26 2009 	Clean affordable hotel	My husband and I stayed here for three nights. The Baldwin hotel is in a good location (right outside the Chinatown gate) and as far as the price goes, you can't do much better!I think I should say that this hotel is pretty basic. You have a bed, a bathroom, a TV. That's about it. That having been said, our room was clean and the staff were friendly. They don't serve breakfast, but there is a Starbucks about three doors down and a nice French-style bistro across the street that serves good breakfast.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great hotel in a central location	My husband goes to a conference once a year in San Francisco and if the conference is near Union Square, we always like to stay at the Baldwin Hotel. The location is very convenient and the place is great for the price. I am very picky about cleanliness and I feel the Baldwin lives up to my standards. We stayed in a queen bedroom on the fourth floor facing Grant Ave. The room is large enough for our purposes, the bathroom is adequate and clean and there is a ceiling fan with light fixtures. The windows are fairly new but of course it is not going to block out all the normal road noises. This is to be expected. If you want quiet, then ask for a room facing the back but your window will look out at the dark wall 10 feet away.The only con would be the bedding. I find the pillows too hard for my comfort and perhaps they need to have them replaced more often.	
Oct 8 2009 	Balwin was perfect!!!	We stayed during the Chinese New Years Celebration - year of the OX. The Baldwin Hotel was just perfect. We had 4 reservations with other familiy members and we were all happy with our stay. The rooms are exceptionally clean and very comfortable. The staff members were always willing to help with our needs. Hotel stay is just hop and skip away from Chinatown. Loved it!!	
Sep 23 2009 	Great hotel!	My partner and I stayed at The Baldwin for 2 nights which we booked after reading good reviews on here.The room was plenty big enough for our needs and we were overlooking a street which was nice. I'd read reviews about the lift being noisy but apart from my partner getting stuck half in and half out on our arrival (his fault not the lift!) we didn't notice anything although our room was down the landing from it. The bathroom was fairly small but everything in looked new and it was clean as was the room itself.The staff we dealt with were all very helpful and friendly, allowing us to check in early on arrival and we asked them to recommend a chinese restaurant which they did (probably a relative!) and it was fabulous.The location is ideal - minutes walk from Chinatown and Union Square.The price was also great - far cheaper than staying at Fishermans Wharf.The only (slight) problem we had was with parking - upon arrival we were asked if we needed parking and said yes. They gave us a card and told us it was down the block and first left (Sutter Street) so off we went. When we checked out 2 days later, we found we had gone to the wrong car park (there must be 2 on Sutter Street and the one the hotel use is the second one) - this wasn't a problem for us as we hadn't moved the car but beware if you plan to drive anywhere and make sure you find the right car park as the one were in is charged by the hour. By not moving our car it cost us about $2 less than the hotel were charging for 'their' car park but I'm sure parking in theirs would allow you to take your car in and out for the one standard price (about $25 per day). We had to then go back to the hotel, explain what had happened and were given a refund for their car park (maybe they need to explain in more detail where their car park is in future as we were told we weren't the first to make the mistake but it they are clearly losing revenue by doing this)	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent Service/Location	We arrived at the Baldwin for a three night stay. location is excellent just 5 minutes walk from the BART station, minutes to Chinatown, Union Square and Market Street and Fishermans Wharf only 10 minutes ride away on either the cable car or the street tram. The hotel is extremley clean and well maintained. The first room we were given was very dark and overlooked a very dirty yard. There were pigeons roosting on all of the window ledges of all windows which overlooked it and as you can imagine it did not smell too nice, which meant it was impossible to open the window. We askedfor another room and the staff who were all very friendly obliged and we were given a room with a view of the street, a total contrast to the previous room. Dispite the room having a street view we did not notice much noise even with the window open and having read older posts about this hotel the room dwas cool even though the hotel is not equipped with air conditioning. The room had a safe,iron telephone and TV. Wifi was available at a reasonable charge. The bathroom was also very clean and stocked with the usual soap,shower gel etc.Overall I would recommend this hotel and if I ever return to San Fransisco I will stay at The Baldwin.	
Sep 7 2009 	Helpful beyond expectation	The staff at the Baldwin Hotel was very helpful in many different ways including helping us through the unfamiliarity of our first time visit to San Francisco. Additionally, any minor glitches were handled swiftly and always to a satisfactory conclusion. Their personal service and attention to our needs went above and beyond our expectations. The staff made our visit more enjoyable in helping us spend quality time at local areas of tourist interest. And the hotel itself was clean and well situated just a couple of blocks from Chinatown and just a few blocks from beautiful Union Square. Bravo to the Baldwin Hotel for a wonderful stay and a big thank you to Viet for her attention to our needs.	
Aug 29 2009 	Good location but no A/C	The plus points are excellent location. 100 ft from China town, 200 yards from Union Square. Both tram lines less than 5 mins walk. Also cheap and reasonable room size and facilities. Good bathroom. Enough storage space and large free safe in the room. Bad points, NO Air conditioning. It does have a big ceiling fan which worked well but opening the window wasn't a real option as we were on the 9th floor and overlooked the surrounding buildings with their A/C fans making a LOT of noise. We used ear plugs to sleep which made sure we had a good night. Also the building in general is a little cramped. Small lift and corridors. No tea/coffee making facilities in the room.Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful when we asked for anything. All were Chinese. The desk staff spoke excellent English but we had trouble conversing with the maids, but we got there.	
Aug 11 2009 	Location is all!	I stayed there for 4 nights. The room itself was nothing special. It was a bit larger than I expected, since a few reviews described it as &quot;crampy&quot;. Perhaps they were refering to other ones. Room view was an absolute nonsense. My window opened to a parking lot, an alley and another building just in front. Since most of the time I stayed inside was to sleep, it didn't bother me. You can get wi-fi in the hotel, but through an external provider which just by itself means an extra charge. The Baldwin Hotel is located right a few meters away from the gate of Chinatown. From there you can easily navigate the streets and check some of the major attractions of SF. Basically, I walked everywhere. You can easily arrange transportation, as I've seen them past ;)The rates and the location are very convincing. If I ever return to San Francisco, I will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 8 2009 	best value SFO small hotel	service at frontdesk &amp; fm housekeeping - very cordial &amp; helpfuli hv std rm w 2 windows, v bright &amp; airy &amp; clean too. prefer to hv wall-attached bathtub than the standalone as bath water easily splashed out &amp; wet the floor. it wud b nice 2 bath mat in the tub for safety. my favorite room type is #03. with windows shut, street noise is comfortably quiet for sleep. good to have high floors fm 8-10 for unblock views.location - perfect, very short walking distance to bart, eateries, shoppings, chinatown, union square. fel safe at the hotel vicinity.	
Jul 6 2009 	Perfect location and friendly reception but mediocre room for the price	The people at the reception were very friendly and helpful. The room was small but clean. I stayed at the 4th floor and the view wasn't extraordinary (a wall with pigeons), moreover there was quite a lot of (street)noise during the night.Fortunately the location of the hotel made up for all these drawbacks.Overall, a pleasant hotel.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great value awesome location	The Baldwin is in a fantastic location, around the corner from Union Square, and close to Muni, BART, and tram car stops. It is literally steps from Chinatown, and is a few doors down from a Starbucks.PROSFree coffee and tea in the lobby.Location, location, location!Excellent price.Lots of TV channels.Clean and decent sized rooms.Very secure luggage storage.Front desk is manned at all times and they lock the front door late at night/early in the morning-good for security.CONSBuilding is a little tired-the elevator is sloooow and the lock on our room door seemed a bit precarious.Website said it had a gym-it doesn't have a gym. Not cool.Internet in the lobby was really expensive.I'd stay there again, but bear in mind that there are lots of hotels in San Fran that are a similar price and in a similar location.	
Jun 4 2009 	Can't beat the location and the price.	We got this hotel through hotwire for $53 on a Friday and Saturday night. The room was very clean. The staff at the front desk were always more than helpful. Can't beat the location. In a very good part of Union Square just steps from Chinatown. There is a great place to grab a beer and some fish called the Irish Bank almost right across the street. We used Bart and the Muni system and found it very easily accessible from the hotel.The room was a bit on the small side but more than comfortable for 2. The bed was small and seemed to sink to the center but for the price who can complain. We had a corner room facing Grant. I am a light sleeper so I would hear the different city noises but I found it to be part of the San Francisco experience. I would stay here again for every San Francisco trip if I could get it for that price.	
May 27 2009 	Don't do it	The street is noisy, the room is noisy...You could hear the street in your room, as well as the people running, whistling water upstairs. Look out your window and you see a filthy alley. There is no heat or air in the rooms, but they claim heat comes on at 10:00 or 11:00 p.m. As there are no vents, we assume it filters under your door from the hallway. This hotel has zero amenities. I tried to call ahead to get their &quot;knowledgeable&quot; staff to help me set up a surprise for my husband. They couldn't understand what I was saying. Then they flagged my account to ask me again when I showed up, right in front of my husband. They never did understand. We hastily called around to find a nicer hotel and found a 5 star hotel for only $60 more a night. TOTALLY worth the upgrade! We did not stay one night here and left immediately for higher ground, not even upset that we had to leave the Baldwin with one night of payment. If you're used to nice hotels, don't choose this one.	
May 9 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location highly recommend	Beautiful hotel, nice sized room great bathroom with claw foot bath. Slow lift. Very close to china town which was handy. Starbucks on the corner. Paid $101 per nigh	
Apr 25 2009 	Excellent base for San Francisco	My husband and I stayed here for three nights as part of as a wider trip around California in March/April. We paid an average of $75 plus tax per night for a standard double room. For San Francisco we felt this was excellent value. The room although not large or particularly stylish was of an adequate size, and clean and comfortable. The bathroom was a good size and included a tub as well as a shower (ie the shower was in the tub). The location was excellent – just a few steps from China Town. It was really easy to get around and we felt safe in the area. After reading other comments on this site, we specifically requested a room away from the lift shaft and didn’t have any problems with noise. Wi-fi is available but there is a daily charge for this so we found it better value to go to a local cafe with free wi-fi instead.No breakfast was provided but coffee was available in the lobby throughout the day. There are lots of cafes etc nearby so finding somewhere for breakfast wasn’t a problem. I’d definitely recommend this as a clean, comfortable and good value base for exploring San Francisco.	
Apr 22 2009 	You Get What You Pay For	I will preface this review by saying that I was looking for the most inexpensive way to stay in a major American city- San Francisco. In this one particular case, after having may successful trips with the advise of Trip Advisor, I was let down by the reviews on The Baldwin Hotel in San Francisco. Suffice it to say, this experience was mostly my own fault in the making. I have learned that indeed, you &quot;get what you pay for&quot;- especially in a large city such as San Fran.Positives: The Baldwin was one of the most inexpensive locales that I found in San Fran. The staff was very friendly and tried to be as accomodating as possible. The rooms were clean- if a bit spare.Negatives: Probably one of the worst nights I have spent in a hotel. The room was located on the 7th floor accessable by a small elevator (which had been mentioned in a previous review). I arrived in San Francisco in the middle of a &quot;heat wave&quot; (which is rare from what the locals tell me) with temps in the 90's. 1) The room had no air conditioning and has only a small water-radiator for heat- which was NOT needed!! The only relief was to open a window (without insect screens) and an overhead fan. As mentioned previously, the room was small. No rooms with King/Queen beds were available, so had two twin beds. 2) The advertised Wifi available is through a company located in -- Oregon-- the Wifi was sporadic at best, with the signal being lost constantly- also a charge of appox. $20 for three days use. 3) Water pressure in the shower/tube was dribbling (very weak) with little hot water available at around 7:30 AM.  3) The noise was the most agonizing factor of my entire one night's stay. My room, on the 7th floor, was located on the side of the building facing an alley-way- the only view was of the building next door (again mentioned in a previous review of this property). All During the night, traffic noise was terrible with the &quot;back-up beeping&quot; of serivce vehicles throughout the night- at one point, when trying to go to sleep apox. 10:30 PM there was about 10 minutes of glass breaking and beeping and the noise of a dumpster truck dumping several containers in the alley- imagine listening to this through an open window. I stayed for one night- I had made the reservations pre-paid through one of the major travel internet sites and, after talking with two hotel clerks and two representatives of this major travel site, I was refused even a partial refund for my booked 4 nights stay- the major travel site did give a $50 certificate for future use as an attempt for an apology.So, the moral of this story is: if you are trying to do your travel &quot;on the cheap&quot;- beware- even with good to moderate reviews on Trip Advisor- one paradise is another person's misery.	
Apr 17 2009 	Good value great location	We picked this hotel based on the positive reviews and good price. The hotel met our expectations: very clean, spotless bathroom, great location, nice staff. I definitively recommend it.	
Mar 15 2009 	loved it	We came to the hotel late in the evening on a saturday night. Our room was out front on the fifth floor right beside the elevator. I had requested a room away from the elevator but was told if I would like to change the room the next day it would be no problem. Coming into the room and feeling how big it was and not having any problem whatswhoever with the elevator, we decided to stay. Yes, wiith an open window you hear the garbage truck pass at 4 am, but with the jetleg you'd be awake anyway.The hotel can easily be reached with public transportation (BART until Montgomery) and a 10Min. walk and it is absolutely safe at any time.The only littel problem we had was that the wakeup call did not come and the guy at the reception was asleep at his table at 5am when we had to leave.Overall we were very happy and pleased with the Baldwin	
Mar 12 2009 	Clean good location	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights. For less than $80 a night, it was definitely worth the money. The location is fantastic and the rooms are clean. We felt very safe in this neighborhood, even at night. As said in previous reviews, try to get a room away from the elevator if you're sensitive to noise. We had room #601 and it was right next to the elevator. Luckily we slept ok, but it is not a quiet elevator. If you're just looking for a clean, comfortable place to sleep the Baldwin is perfect. If you're looking for more amenities or plan on spending much time in your room, go somewhere else. Overall, solid hotel. I gave it 4 stars b/c of the rate we paid and I didn't expect too much out of this hotel. If it was over $100 a night it would definitely only be a 3 star.	
Mar 7 2009 	Would definitely stay here again	My partner and I stayed at the Baldwin for 5 nights in April 2008. I had done a lot of research for our entire USA trip and found that this hotel had the best reviews and was best value for money. We arrived quite late (as our flight from Australia arrived around 9pm), we didnt make it into the city until around 1030ish, but we were met with a warm and thankfully very swift reception. The hotel has a very cosy feel to it, more of a boutique feel, than a hotel (which i preferred). There were rows of SF information in the lobby and also hot coffee and tea available all night. Our room was on the 2nd level (the elevator was not a modern or fast one) which turned out to be great in our case as we could easily walk up and down the stairs to our room!! The room was comfy with a large closet area, safe, tv, nice big comfy bed and a bathroom that was clean and practical (there was hardly any water pressure in the shower), but apart from that it was in a good location, near china town, near public transport, walking distance to the city centre (from memory around 10-15minutes) and secure (they would lock the door after a certain time at night and you need a key to get inside the hotel). they also helped arrange transfers to SFO when we departed. the whole hotel and room were instantly welcoming and i felt right at home as soon as i walked in the door. i would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a great deal in a cosy little boutique hotel. would suggest a lower level floor (to try and avoid using lifts), and would recommend requesting a room not directly facing the main road the hotel is located on. It can get a little noisy during the day, alot of foot traffic (although arriving into USA for the first time, i enjoyed watching people from my window and listening to the new noises).	
Mar 6 2009 	Adequate	Arrived at 3.00 pm-met at reception by a pimply youth with a hickey on his neck-would not under any circumstances let me check in as the &quot;official&quot; check in time 4pm.Had to cool my heels at the Starbucks close by.Room was small,very clean and the water in the bathroom was luke warm at best.Called downstairs and the desk clerk arrived shortly thereafter to check it out.Made some adjustmenst downstairs to the boiler and lo and behold hot water returned.Best thing about this hotel as many pointed out is the location-just a few blocks from Powell street cablecar and BART.Lots of buses running in Stockton Str which will get you to North Beach etc- BTW for all you deli fans out there-do NOT miss going to Molinari's deli (323 Columbus Str) in North Beach-yummy sandwiches-dont go on Sunday though-surprisingly its closed-I guess the money is no longer important to them.Anyway I digress-in short the Baldwin is an adequate hotel and I would consider staying there again-paid USD85 for the night-which is pretty decent value.Fiirst time in San Francisco which I really enjoyed-Fishermans Wharf is a tourist trap of course-but lots to do and see.	
Mar 3 2009 	Great location ok Room	I stay in SF on a regular basis and always try to stay at the Baldwin when possible. Its moderately priced and the staff is reliable but not very helpful or attentive. And of course, the location is primo.The rooms are small and old with no frills. You get a bed, a small TV, a desk and night stands. The bathroom barely fits two but again, there aren't any rats or roaches and everything is clean. Its not the Marriott but you're paying much, much less so its a great value for being so close to BART and Union Square.	
Feb 26 2009 	Clean hotel in fantastic location for $77/night... can't beat it!	My boyfriend and I spent 4 nights here and were completely satisfied with our choice! The advice from someone on this site to check out priceline.com got us a room for $77/night. The price list on the back of our room door said $199/night. (that would definately not be worth it).Room:- very clean, high ceilings, has all the basics (even a hairdryer...but you have to look for it...it's in the dresser drawer-had wireless internet but it wasn't free. various prices - basically the longer you get it for the cheaper it is per day. we got 3 days for about $25.- view from room 407 was not pretty - a space between buildings and a pipe. But we didn't care, who spends time in their room when there's so much to explore in SF?!-noise level in room 407 was good (not beside elevator)-had heat (apparently the previous reviewer didn't?)Rest of Hotel:- there are a couple couches, vending machines, and coffee/tea/hot water in the lobby... that's about it. A microwave in the hotel would have been nice.- no complaints about staff - kept our luggage safe on our last day while we explored in between check-out and our flight.Location:- where chinatown meets upscale high-class downtown. the hotel is on the upscale side.-easy walking distance to anything you want... even fisherman's wharf is only a 30 minute walk. (nice walk...can see how chinatown morphs to little italy then to mostly apartments then into the fisherman's wharf)	
Feb 15 2009 	Solid 2 star hotel	I left the Baldwin after a four night stay with mixed feelings. The hotel reminds me of the better B &amp; B hotels one might find in London or Paris. Nice clean room and a spotless bath, but no other amenities. Even the lobby coffee was foul!  Also, watch out for the loading/unloading zone in front of the hotel. I parked there for ten minutes, while unloading my bags and checking into the hotel, only to find a $60 ticket when I returned to move the car to their parking garage 2 blocks away. The front desk smiled and said &quot;so sorry!&quot; My good size rear corner room had only a double bed, but was nicely furnished with a view over rooftops. However, no heat! They attempted repairs over the weekend and offered use of a portable electric. Having stayed at numerous S.F. hotels over 40 years, I would probably not come back to the Baldwin. Right now because of the recession you can find a similar deal on a 3 or 4 star hotel nearby. So why bother with the bare bones Baldwin?	
Jan 9 2009 	Great Location !	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Baldwin from Dec 27 - 31, 2008. For its price of $82+/night, it was not a bad choice - room was basic but adequate. The hotel staff is always friendly and happy to help. A couple of things to watch out for :1. We were not very happy about having to pay for internet connection, even if you use the hotel's PC in the lobby ( at $5 for 20 minutes ). One would need to pay for internet connection in the room as well - not sure how much the internet card is, though.2. If you do choose to stay in this hotel, please get a room away from the lift because, as mentioned in an earlier review, you can hear the noisy lift shaft from your room every time it's being used. Having said that, the location is great - less than 5 minutes walk to Union Square, lots of cafes in the area and Loehmann's ( designer clothing/accessory bargain store ) just around the corner. You can catch the cable car about 1.5 blocks away - a mere 3 minute stroll from the hotel. There is no breakfast served in the hotel but there is coffee and tea in the lobby every morning. That should not deter anyone as you can get a nice breakfast in any of the cafes nearby. Although this hotel is right in front of the Chinatown gate, one would still have to walk a few blocks to get Chinese food as the stores right after the Gate sells mostly antiques and oriental souvenirs. The restaurant/bar called E&amp;O Trading Company on Sutter Street ( just around the corner from the hotel ) is really worth trying - great Southeast Asian food in a lovely environment. Overall, a nice hotel to live in - would have been great if they do provide free internet as well.	
Dec 23 2008 	A gem of a place	Stayed here 4 nights early December. Worried that it might be a disaster considering the low cost but what a fantastic little place. On the 'good' side of Union Square with all the designer stores on the doorstep. Honestly I work in Travel and have stayed in some top hotels but the location of this place just can't be beaten. Don't expect luxury. The facilities are non-existent, but if you want nice rooms in a perfect location at a very good price, you can't beat this little gem. Staff very friendly and our stay was extremely pleasant.	
Nov 28 2008	Great hotel if you're Deaf.	This hotel is a pretty good value, but we found it very noisy, especially Saturday night.The room itself was quite nice for the price. The bed was comfortable. The room was clean. The view was good. Unfortunately everything seemed to make noise: The elevator, which we were right next to, made a horrible chunking noise whenever anyone used it. We could easily hear the people in the adjacent room. And the pipes shrieked.Unfortunately, I think most of the larger rooms (Queens, suites) are closer to the elevator. So either get a double or bring earplugs. It was less loud on Sunday and Monday night (less guests and less use of the Elevator)	
Nov 17 2008	My Second Stay at Baldwin - met my expectations again	This is my second trip to SF, but this time with my parents (who's never been there before).As everyone has mentioned, this hotel is strategically located near Union Square (where the shopping is) and Chinatown (where the good/cheap eats are IMO). It is also a couple of blocks away from the Montgomery train station (BART/MUNI trains) and the bus lines on Market street. Furthermore, it is also a block away from the Cablecar line, which is great for tourists like us.The room we stayed at (#305) was clean, although a little small, and was perfect for what we needed. We stayed there for two nights and had no problems whatsoever. They served coffee in the morning, but no breakfast. The staff was friendly and helpful. We had no problems with them. I'd stay there AGAIN when I travel to SF in the future. Its convenience is unbeatable. The price is fair for its location.	
Nov 17 2008 	A bit noisy - right next to the elevator shaft	We were in room 301 which is situated right next to the elevator and you could hear the elevator going up and down most of the time. We paid $250 for 2 nights during a peak time (Nike Women's Marathon) so most likely that was a good deal for a place so close to Union Square and during that time, however I don't think your room should have so much noise that it's challenging to get any sleep.	
Nov 12 2008 	Fantastic Location	This hotel is in a fantastic location, just a block off Union Square, so close to shops and restaurants, you couldn't ask for more.The room inself was fairly standard, but top marks for cleanliness.The double bed was quite small, but the good thing was that you could open a window and have some fresh air, not like so many hotels in USA that just have air conditioning.The tea and coffee making facilities were in reception, rather than in the room, no big deal as the lift was quick so only took 2 mins to go down and grab a hot drink.The staff were very helpful, didn't see any of the housekeeping staff, but the receptionists couldn't do enough for us. I would most certainly stay here again and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 2 2008 	Central location with friendly atmosphere.	We stayed here early October and even though we had done our homework on location, were pleasantly pleased with the hotels location. In the heart of the city, just a few steps away from Chinatown and easy access to the two cable car lines or street cars, to give you quick tranportation to the main attraction areas.Ok there is street noise but then again you are in the centre of a city and the lift can be heard but not enough to disturb you.Our room was on the ninth floor and the view from the window overlooking the roof tops was lovely, the bathroom was very modern, and it was handy to have a safe deposit box in you room at no extra charge.We found the hotel recepitionists all to be very helpful.	
Oct 30 2008 	Great location great hotel	This is a great little hotel for the price if you are visiting San Francisco. Staff are friendly and helpful; the rooms aren't huge, granted - but they are clean and well tended.It's the location that is the winner, for those of a timid nature it feels safe at night; transport-wise cable-cars and busses to everywhere are just a couple of blocks away; Market Street / Union Square (for those of a shopping-inclined nature) are a short walk (nay a mere leap) too; and it is right at the start of Chinatown.If you are visiting SF you shouldn't be couped up in your room anyway, apart from coming back to wash and change before going out again - all in all I would highly recommend this hotel - it does what it says on the tin and it does it well and without pretentions.	
Oct 28 2008 	good location nice and clean hotel	Stayed here for two nights from Oct 24-26th. For some reason, a lot of the hotels were sold out over the weekend and we ended up here. It is a 5 minute walk from the Bart Station at Montgomery St. Stayed in room 302 for 142/night. There is no air conditioning in the room, but the ceiling fan was sufficient. You can you open the windows for an additional breeze, but from previous posters, there is a noise factor. Bathroom was small and clean. There is a desk and chair, flat screen tv, blow dryer is in a drawer under the tv, queen size bed. I would stay here again.	
Oct 28 2008	We Picked a Winner!	This was our first time to San Francisco and were overwhelmed by all the choices on Trip Advisor. This little hotel seemed to stand out as being in an excellent location and at an affordable price. We had a super worry free week. Each day we would step out onto the street to a new adventure. We also took advantage of the 3 day transit pass and it worked out great. From the hotel you can walk to alot of destinations if you are so inclined.The front desk were polite and efficient and helped arrange our shuttle for the trip back to the airport. Cleaning staff are awesome !!!	
Oct 27 2008	Good value 	This hotel is at a nice central location close to Chinatown and Union Square. The recption staff was friendly and the room was nice and clean (although we were bemused to find everything from the TV remote control to the hairdryer nailed/screwed/velcroed/glued to the furniture) and good value for money.	
Oct 26 2008 	Great location pleasant hotel	A very decent hotel at a great location. China town and Union square are at a very short walking distance. The hotel itself is clean and bathrooms have been recently renovated. Keep in mind that the hotel is at quite a noisy location. If you are sensitive to noise I would not recommend th Baldwin. Earplugs will prove to be useful. All in all a great hotel for a city break.	
Oct 20 2008 	Good value	My wife and I stayed at the Baldwin five nights at the end of September, 2008. The location is ideal, although in a vibrant neighborhood in a bustling city there was the obvious nighttime noise. But nothing overwhelming. Great access to restaurants, stores and public transit.The building, while old, clearly has been well maintained and has a lot of character. The rooms (we had two, as the helpful staff allowed us to move away from a room near the elevator after day 1) had good, updated bathrooms. Rooms lacked frills, but were excellent for the price. The mattresses were very hard.Only complaint would be noise from what appeared to be the elevator shaft. The elevator functioned well for us, but made a tremendous racket while in operation that could be heard clearly and loudly from our first room (ending in &quot;1&quot;) and could even be heard faintly from the &quot;2&quot; room.But overall, the Baldwin was an excellent home for our trip.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great Hotel	I great hotel, with a smiling staff.Everything was great, older hotel but we did not hear the elevator or the trafic at all.Great service all the way through, and the staff was more then willing to help out.Had game tickets sent to the hotel before i arrived and the first thing they gave me was my football game tickets, another great service.One thing i am missing is a small fridge though, as the ice bucket just dosnt cut it.	
Oct 12 2008 	Fantastic location and a great deal	This hotel is a complete gem.The location is absolutely fantastic - you are within walking distance of 2 BART stations, the cable car line, Union Square and Chinatown. The front desk staff were very helpful. The rooms were very tired looking but in a way that looked that it had been cleaned a lot over the years. Looking like it has been cleaned a lot is not a bad thing for a room!The shower was not very good and the elevator was slow. But apart from that I think this is a great hotel for people planning to do lots of shopping or partying in San Francisco.	
Oct 10 2008	would recommend!	Excellent location, few steps to Chinatown, a few blocks to Union Square, BART and cable cars. Clean room and bathroom, bearable noise (came to room so tired, didn't even pay attention to that))), friendly staff, cheap rate. Would stay there again without doubt, were very pleased.	
Oct 7 2008 	nice area	This is the conclusion of our tour across america.The hotel was comfortable and just right for our needs.The location was nice just right really for a short walk down to union square or simply jump on the various transport available.What a shame there are so many beggars and drunks around.	
Oct 6 2008 	A little beauty	Stayed at the baldwin for 3 nights mid sept 2008 and couldnt of been more pleased. Once again TA has tossed up a gem. The baldwin is in a fantasic location, is clean and the front desk staff where very polite and helpful. Room was very nice and perfectly adequate for our needs. if your coming to san francisco to do the touristy things and are not after accomadation that you need to live in then the baldwin is a little beauty. Would definetly recommend.	
Sep 30 2008 	Perfect little Hotel in the heart of it all!	We stayed for 4 nights at the Baldwin at the end of September and had a wonderful time! The hotel is perfectly located, right in the center of it all! Very charming place, room was perfect and comfortable, with a private bath!! Hotel staff very helpful and knowledgable about the city, ect! I will stay here again in the future! Absolutely loved the Baldwin!	
Sep 12 2008 	Decent value great location	PROS:The Baldwin Hotel has a location that can't be beat. My husband and I chose the hotel because It is easily accessible near the Montgomery BART station and the venue of the wedding we were attending. Also, it is just a block away from Chinatown (you can literally see the Chinatown gate from the hotel doorway), North Beach, and is amidst all the great downtown SF shopping. The staff were helpful and housekeeping service was good. Room decor was classy and clean.CONS:There is no free internet service which seems crazy to me in this day and age, especially in a city like San Francisco. Also, the only elevator is this loud old machine and our room happened to be right next to it. Try to request a room that is not adjacent to the elevator, otherwise you will be tossing and turning on Saturday nite when people return to the hotel at all hours of the night. Another downside is the only ice machine is in the hotel lobby.	
Sep 11 2008 	Great little hotel in a Perfect Location!	My hubby &amp; I took a 5 day trip to SF &amp; stayed at the Baldwin. We couldn't have been more pleased! Sure the room was a little dated, but it only adds to its charm. We booked a &quot;double&quot; room, thinking that meant a queen size bed, but I think it was a full size. But we made do with it! We could've upgraded, but how much were we really going to sleep while in such a great city!The elevator was a little slow, but we were on the top floor &amp; had an amazing view! We slept with our windows open for the fresh air &amp; because we were so high up, traffic noise was not a problem. We had friends in the city &amp; when they came to pick us up from the hotel they couldn't believe the location! They are going to have other friends &amp; family stay there while visiting them. Again, I can't state any clearer how great this location was! Walking distance to everything. We took the metro quite a bit &amp; it was easy to use! Great little bagel shop with fresh juice around the corner for breakfast! We ate at Farallon (amazing!) and Bix Supperclub (quite an experience! we even saw a couple of actors there!)If you have any other questions, just shoot me a message!	
Sep 5 2008 	Stayed here Oct 2007. Good hotel Excellent Location	After what felt like months of trawling the pages of trip advisor, we finally decided on the Baldwin Hotel as it fitted in with our requirements of budget and location and had good reviews by fellow trip advisor members.The Baldwin is more than central, right at the gates of China Town and just a few blocks from Union Square. We originally booked a double room and then decided to upgrade to a queen. However, when we were shown the room the bed looked awfully small, like a 3/4 size, but when we checked with reception we were assured that it was in fact a queen size room. (I think this may be a language barrier between Americans and Brits so do check before booking, I think perhaps the double could have been a twin!!) Anyway, the room was in no way a problem. The bed was small, but cosy (boyfriend is 6ft 4); the room and bathroom were cleaned every day (left a 2 dollar tip every day). The sheets were clean and towels were fluffy and plentiful. The bathroom was lovely with a traditional cast iron bath with plenty of hot water and an EXCELLENT shower (I have a thing about hotel showers!!) all in all we were very happy and comfortable. On the down side (there isn't much), the decor is a little dated, but you're not in San Francisco to see hotel decor. There are NO tea/coffee making facilities in the room, so bring a travel kettle and supplies. The hotel advertises tea/coffee facilities in the lobby, however every time my boyfriend went for a coffee, there wasn't any, or worse it was always cold. Did not see any tea for the entire stay. The only other negative thing was the lack of air conditioning. Now coming from good old UK, we don't know the modern phenomenon of air conditioning, but I imagine that this could be a problem for some people. We were at the Baldwin in the last week of October 2007 and there was a bit of a heat wave. Temperatures were between 79 to 84F (26-28C) degrees everyday. We had the window open by day, but it gets very noisy outside due to the hotel's central location. It wasn't a problem for us, but I wouldn't advise staying here at the height of summer unless the hotel gets some air con. The staff greeted us very warmly and remained this way for the rest of the week, directing us to the post office, advising on trips, ordering cabs etcOur stay was room only so we had to forage for food everyday, but you will never go hungry or bored of food in San Francisco. We had sushi, Chinese, Italian, fish and so on and so on. Here are some of my favourite places to eat. 1. Cheesecake Factory top floor of Macy's. Very popular and touristy but well worth it.2. North Beach Restaurant in Little Italy. So delicious, the best pasta outside of Rome. Quite expensive, but worth a treat. Brilliant traditional fine dining3. Capps Corner. Americanised version of Italian cuisine. Generous portions, cheap and very very cheerful.4. Mayflower Market. This is a little deli/mini-market on Bush street between Stockton Street and Grant Avenue (around the corner from the hotel) You can get all sorts here, fruit, bagels, sandwiches, crisps etc All to help you have that cheap breakfast/lunch.San Francisco is the most amazing city and there is so much to see and do. Highlights of the week were the visit to Alcatraz (pre-book online before you go) Golden Gate Bridge, Japanese Tea Gardens, San Francisco Zoo, Haight-Ashbury District, Pier 39, and Muir Woods. Although you'll find the most amazing and interesting things around every corner.If you haven't worked it out by now, I simply LOVE San Francisco and sincerely hope that I will go back one day. I hope that you will love it just as much as me!! Please Enjoy:-)	
Aug 30 2008 	Great Hotel !!!	What a great Hotel. We were a bit concerned at what it would be like as it was the most reasonable hotel we could find. We shouldn't have worried. The location is great and safe - right outside the China Town gate. The staff could not have been more pleasent or helpful. Room was quite small but spotless and recently renovated. Wouldn't hestitate on staying again.	
Aug 17 2008 	No worries here	Lovely little clean hotel. On the Union square side of SF but close to the tram lines which take you to Fishermans Wharf &amp; you won't tire of getting on the trams, they're like an atraction in themselves &amp; really enjoyable to ride. Starbucks is a couple of doors up the road a good way to start the day before you head off. I will be going back to San Fran because it is such an amazing city &amp; will definitely try &amp; book the Baldwin again.Make sure you hire a GoCar for the day &amp; be sure to book the evening Alcatraz tour well in advance on the net. Both superb experiences.	
Aug 4 2008 	Great value great location	This is a perfectly adequate old-school hotel in an ideal location two blocks off Union Square - but on the good side, outside the Chinatown gate, rather than the Tenderloin side- for an un-heard of price. They let us book for only one night on a weekend and we paid $127 for a queen. Yes, the room is small and dated. But it was clean and the window opened for fresh air, and the bed was comfortable with down-like pillows that didn't tweak my neck. The room had a fabulous claw-foot bathtub that I could actually soak in all the way to my neck, and HOT water. My husband was running the marathon and had to get up at 3:30 am and he got a very good night's sleep. I can see it would be noisy if there were noisy people on our floor, but we didn't have that problem, and as to street noise, well, it's a city. A big city and this hotel is downtown and it has old-style windows. They contract with the 450 Sutter garage, which was $25 for 24 hours, with in and out privileges. The front desk was very friendly and she let us check out at noon instead of eleven.The downsides: no coffeemaker, and the coffee service in the lobby was pretty grim, with powdered creamer. There is a nice cafe across the street, but since I live locally I would just bring my own little coffeemaker next time. The hairdryer did not work and the elevator is slooooooow. But for the price, I would totally stay here again, the location is absolutely ideal.	
Jul 29 2008	Brilliant location	The location couldn't have been better - right near the gates to chinatown, and round the block from union square, and all the transport routes.Can't complain at all!	
Jul 25 2008 	Basically OK	The Baldwin is OK. The staff are friendly, the location is good (right near Chinatown) and the windows open, so you can get fresh air. I also liked the fact that it was not affiliated with a chain. My only complaint is that it's frumpy without being interesting. All of the furnishings look like they were chosen by someone who had forgotten his glasses and randomly picked things out at a Home Depot closeout sale.	
Jul 24 2008 	A bit of a hassle	We stayed here for 4 nights. On the plus side, the location was very convenient, it was right outside Chinatown and was an easy walk to SFMOMA, the Ferry Building, and bus stops. The room and bathroom were clean and okay, although I asked for an extra pillow because the one pillow I got was flat and hard. Having just a ceiling fan and no A/C, it got too hot in our room. What really didn't help is that the ancient radiator in the room, while technically turned off, was still running a little bit of hot water. The front desk guy came up to look at it but really couldn't do anything about it. Our room faced the street, so there was definitely noise to deal with, but that would have been okay. What wasn't okay was the constant banging sound (something in the building rattling, maybe the elevator shaft) that was so loud I could hear it through earplugs. Couldn't sleep through that. On our 2nd day there, even though we left the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on our door, our room was cleaned anyway. This was just a little annoying because the whole reason we put the sign out is because we don't need new towels every day or to have our room cleaned when we've barely been in it. On our 3rd morning there, we had no water pressure in our shower. Another time our room got cleaned and the bar of soap we had only used for 2 days was thrown away and replaced with a new one, wrapped in plastic. As eco-conscious travelers, this was irritating to see.We stayed here to save some money, but in the end, the prices were still too high for what you get.	
Jul 2 2008 	Super Stay	Quiet, off-season inexpensive and a great staff make this the &quot;location&quot; to stay in. You just can't go wrong with this hotel.	
Jul 1 2008 	Ideal!	Had a great 3 night stay here. The staff are helpful, the rooms spotless and the location great. I am so glad we didn't go for some fancy named hotel with no substance. The ceiling fan was totally adequate (coming from Scotland I was surprised how chilly San Francisco could be!!), and although not the biggest the room definitely big enough. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for good value close to Union Sq	
Jun 30 2008 	Great hotel in SF	The Baldwin Hotel is an excellent choice of lodging in San Francisco. We could see the gate to ChinaTown from our window. You can walk anywhere from this location. It is a few minutes walk to the BART, cable cars, buses and many wonderful restaurants. We couldn't have picked a more perfect location at a reasonable price!!! Our room was spacious, very comfortable and clean. Though our room faced the street the noise of traffic, garbage trucks, etc.... was not enough to bother us or keep us awake. The people at the front desk were always very helpful in answering any questions. I highly recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Jun 28 2008 	Great value great location	My wife and I just stayed in the Baldwin Hotel for five nights and we enjoyed a very pleasant stay. We booked through an online service, pre-paid and took BART from San Francisco Airport, with a subway stop three blocks from the Baldwin. Check-in was quick and easy. Our room was on the 10th floor, with a queen-size bed and private bath. The room was small but very clean and the maid service every day was thorough. There were only two pillows on the bed but when we asked for two more they happily complied. I have read some complaints about the front desk but that was not our experience at all; they were always very friendly and helpful. The first night we stayed there it was hot but a ceiling fan kept it pretty comfortable. After that the temp. dropped and it was very comfortable. The elevator is slow but not so much as to be a problem. The location is excellent, right down the block from Chinatown; just beyond Chinatown is North Beach (a little Italy) and a bit farther Coit Tower (with another slow elevator that is worth the $5 charge to the top, where there are spectacular views). Union Square is also near, as is the cable car terminus down to Fisherman's Wharf. Trips to Alacatraz leave from Pier 33 but make a reservation - those trips fill up fast in the summer. The cable car trip is fun but there are long waits at the turn-arounds. We also took BART to the F line trolley to Fisherman's Wharf, which also worked well. There's also a Starbucks just up the block from the Baldwin. Checkout is at 11 a.m. and our plane did not leave until 5 p.m. However, they let us leave our bags at the front desk and we wandered around Chinatown for a few more hours. One depressing note: there are a lot of homeless in the general area, though we did not see any congregating at the Baldwin. Some are pretty aggressive demanding money though overall it is more than anything else a very sad testiment to our society's inability to make these folks' lives better than sleeping on the streets and begging.	
Jun 21 2008 	Basic Hotel but Great Location	The Baldwin should really get a &quot;3&quot; rating, however the location and comparisons to other SF hotels for the price gives it the extra edge. Make no mistake, this is an old-style, bare bones hotel with no extra amenities. No AC, a creaky, slow old elevator, and very sloooow front desk sevice. However management has made the best of what it has, and the room I had smelled of fresh paint and the bathroom was newly redone, with immaculately white grout, new tiles and fixtures, and an effort to give a sense of a nice stay with decent toiletries.There is no AC, but a large ceiling fan that did its job on a spring evening. The front desk is usually manned by one, maybe two people who do not like to multi-task. Many Europeans seem to stay here, and the language barrier, as well as the ridiculous amount of paperwork upon check-in, as well as an antiquated computer system and the use of old fashioned metal keys leads to a lengthy wait should you be in line. Check in and check out take over 15 minutes-- There is decent free coffee in the lobby 24 hours a day, which is a nice touch. The beds have a lot to be desired, and the pillows are synthetic and flat. Only two pillows on a queen bed instead of four, and a cheap, thin cover with no extra blanket in the closet. On the plus side, there is a large safe in the closet to hold laptops and large personal items, and when you leave your room you can use the deadbolt lock in addition to the handle lock. Also, the hotel locks the front door between the hours of 10pm and 6am to keep non-guests out, and guests can enter with a key. The front desk always had someone there at late and early hours, for added security.The location cannot be beat. Turn in any direction from the front door and Union Square is all around you with its many restaurants and shops. The gate to Chinatown is right there as well. Close to the financial district too.There are many boutique hotels in SF, and you never quite know what you are getting yourself into, especially in the lower price ranges. With the Baldwin, it pretty much meets average expectations, with no negative surprises, and even a few positive ones, like how clean it is, good security, and the overall feeling that at least an effort is being made to make the best of what they have. The neighborhood is great and vibrant, and again, with Union Square, some of it can turn shady fast. Not so with this location. In all, I would stay here again if my more favored (luxury) hotels are seasonally priced out of my range. This is a great choice for a good value in an excellent setting.	
Jun 7 2008 	Cozy	Cozy in every sense of the word. Our room was small but comfortable. Very clean, new furniture, good bed. Nice bathroom with claw-foot tub. Made for some &quot;interesting&quot; showers and a really nice bath. As reported, no a/c, but the ceiling fan helped. Our window opened to the alley so there was some street noise. Forwarned, we brought a small sound machine. If the fan is enough, the double-paned windows shut out the outside noise excellently. No noise from the room next door.The staff is friendly, responsive, and knowledgable about the area. The Baldwin is a great starting point to just about anywhere in town. Cable cars, busses, and BART all nearby.Reasonable by San Francisco standards, the Baldwin is a real find!P.S. The (single) elevator is no slower than a lot of hotels I've been in, and faster than some.	
May 29 2008 	Cant complain at all	Only good things to say about this hotel. Excellent value, close to many sights, and public transport. Good size room, nice new clean bathroom. Cant think of any way to fault the Baldwin. I will definately return.	
May 19 2008 	Great location 	Baldwin Hotel has the best location...easy access to great restaurants, bars and stores....a great place to stay...the staffs were very helpful, the room is clean....a great place to stay....would definitely stay there again if i ever visit SF again...	
May 19 2008 	Great Value 	A Great hotel on a Great location, 10 steps away from the gate to China Town and 2 blocks from Union Square. Great value for this location.Be aware of two things:1. You're staying in a big city so at night there is some noise outside: they pick up the garbage with a big noizy truck, they fill the newspaper boxes, clean the streets and some people like to honk the horn when driving. Don't take a streetview room if this bothers you.2. Most rooms don't have aircon, so if you have to open the window to get some fresh air you have more noise from the garbage trucks etc.Again: these are minor issues if you concider the great location and low prices!	
May 13 2008 	Great Location - Great Value	I stayed at the Baldwin for just one night, before moving on to fancier digs when the remainder of my group arrived in the city. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay, and consider this hotel one of the best bargains I have come across. The hotel is located within a couple of blocks of Union Square and is, therefore, within an easy walk of just about any shopping or eating you might want to do while in San Francisco. The staff was very helpful and very knowledgeable about the area. The bathroom in my room was honestly just about the cleanest I have ever encountered in a hotel. The bed was comfortable, and the room the perfect size for me. There is only one small elevator, and it is slow, and the street noise can be excessive, especially in the early morning. However, these will be minor issues if you ask for a room in the back of the hotel on a lower floor. All in all, I can highly recommend this hotel.	
May 13 2008 	Great location good price	Great rates for a hotel on such a convenient location. Just half a block from the Chinatown gate, a few blocks from Union Square and lots of great stores, theaters en restaurants within walking distance. The room rates are being raised however by parking expenses... The hotel offers a $ 25 a day deal with a local parking service but you should really consider parking a little further out to save on costs or take public transportation or a taxi.The hotel itself was pretty basic. Clean room but small. The bathroom too. The storage closet (with personal safe and ironing board) was bigger! Hardly any noise coming from other rooms but very unpleasant was the noise coming from the alley below when they came to empty the dumpsters at 4 a.m. Another annoying noise came from the shower. Whenever we turned it on, it made an incredibly loud screatching noise that was just deafening! No idea what caused it. Skip the coffee in the lobby (yuck!) and go to Starbucks two doors down in stead.	
May 10 2008 	Hidden Gem in San Francisco	The Baldwin Hotel was the perfect choice for our recent trip to San Francisco. It was very clean, quaint and affordable. In a city that is very pricey, from it's stores to luxury hotels, it was the perfect no frills hotel. It was located right outside the entrance to China Town, a few blocks from the BART station, trolleys, streetcars or buses. We would definitely stay there again if we ever return to San Francisco.	
Apr 29 2008 	So so	Hotel room was small and not a great view. The parking ramp was two blocks away to get our vehicle and $30 extra to park in the ramp in addition to the regular hotel booking. That may be how all of San Francisco is, I'm not really sure. The area was really nice and the hotel employees were very helpful in telling us how to get around town and where to go.	
Mar 14 2008 	Great location and value	We stayed here four nights and I would stay again. It's a convenient location and a good value. Our room was small but big enough to unpack our bags and get them out of the way. The bathroom was likewise small but very clean and had a claw-foot tub. There's a Starbucks a few doors away and lots of great dining options. The staff was pleasant. I felt quite safe coming in and out while my husband was at meetings. We took the BART in from the airport -- the Montgomery station is a few blocks from the hotel.	
Mar 13 2008 	Great value	I stayed at the Baldwin for two nights while I attended a seminar at the Grand Hyatt a block away. The hotel is right at the gate to Chinatown on Grant Avenue. My flight happened to get in very early and after a BART trip to the Montgomery station and the short walk to the hotel, I asked if it was possible to check in and was graciously accommodated.I had a single room on the second floor just above the lobby. Although I had requested &quot;the quietest room possible,&quot; the room was right on the street. It was noisy but not unbearably so; the windows are really good, and I always travel with earplugs. Had I not been there on a weekend, it might have quieted down much earlier than it did on Friday and Saturday nights. I was really tired so I wasn't disturbed by the city noise (only thing that woke me up was the 2:00 a.m. garbage truck) . The room was super clean. There is a digital safe in the roomy closet. Wireless internet is available for $9/day. Water pressure was excellent and all in all, I had no complaints.This is a ten-story property and I'm really glad my room was only on the second floor--the elevator is slower than anything I've ever seen, so after getting my bag to the room I used the stairs for the duration of my stay. The staff was friendly, helpful, and efficient, and at the AAA rate of only $104 per night, I could not have asked for a better experience!	
Mar 10 2008 	Great Value in San Francisco	Clean, warm and safe. Super site to stay at by yourself or family. Save some money and stay here. Great Location for downtown and Moscone center! 1/2 block away from the gate to Chinatown on Grant street. ( could see it from my room window) and about 3-4 blocks away from the BART Montgomery station. It is an easy walk to Moscone center down Kearney street. If you want to catch muni you can on Kearney or Market street! i recommend getting a city map with the Muni and Bart routes. You can get this at any 7-11 for $4 or here is an online version which you can print up and bring with you. http://transit.511.org/static/providers/maps/SF_712200711012.pdfWireless Internet access $10 per day, tel calls 50 cents a pop. (I recommend buying a calling card at the 7-11 1or2 block away on Pine street) I bought some food at the 7-11about 2 blocks away . There are numerous other inexpensive restaurants within walking distance. I recommend Lori's Diner near Powell and Market on the second floor. About $20 for nice turkey dinner with 2 beers. I didn't try the restaurant in the lobby. The folks at the front desk will watch your bags when you check out if you want to go walking about for a while..http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&amp;hl=en&amp;geocode=&amp;q=grant+street+san+francisco+ca&amp;sll=36.71431,-76.24785&amp;sspn=0.593359,1.109619&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;ll=37.792117,-122.404647&amp;spn=0.00457,0.008669&amp;z=17&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=37.789924,-122.405439&amp;cbp=1,341.66173738753173,,0,-2.1873763128327104 this is the view from the street. Print out this map to find the directions to the BART which costs $6 riding from the SFO airport. Wireless internet was $10 per day and they have parking available for about $30 day down the street. Definately recommend! There are a lot of smaller hotels like this in area.. search the internet.. not all are on the internet sitesorbitz etc.. I found this fthrough chinatown website.. http://www.ihsadvantage.com/h/hotelinfo/san_francisco/ca/us/83079/?pfs=887#trafficLogID=507700402&amp;visited=trueEnjoy your stay!	
Dec 7 2007	Best deal in San Fran! Hands down!	Baldwin hotel is a great finding! Cheap, clean, spacious and amazingly central to all things San Francisco! If you're going there, save your money knowing you'll stay at a decent hotel by booking your room there! Truly above all expectations. And I was travelling with my uber-picky boss - and she was pleased! The only thing disappointing about this hotel is that the staff doesn't seem to know much about social life to give good tips on good clubs and bars, but hey, that only added to the experience as we had to explore by ourselves!	
Nov 17 2007 	Excellent for the price	Nice place. Very convenient downtown, next to Chinatown, near Union Square, Moscone, etc. Room was small, but how much space do you need? Bed was comfy. Shower was a tub with a curtain, and it worked GREAT. Room was clean; service was good. Like many big city hotels, you might hear a dumpster being emptied late at night or early in the morning. If you're a nut job who expects 4 stars at a 2 star price, pick another place. Otherwise, I'd recommend this to anyone on a budget, who wants a centrally located hotel. I was pleasantly surprised.	
Nov 12 2007 	Perfect place for a perfect stay	We stayed at the Baldwin Hotel for 4 nights and we had a great stay.The room was clean, warm and spacious. I booked for a double bedroom and we had two king size beds.The bathroom was spotless and they also provided soap, shampoo ecc... It was good because we were travelling only with hand luggage and nowdays you cannot bring many fluids on board.There was a nice satellite tv, and WI was available even though we didn't use it.There is no breakfast included but there is complementary tea and coffee at the ground floor and a snack and beverage machine.The location of the Hotel was fantstic, just outside the doors of Chinatown, we could work almost everywhere. there are so many restaurants either in chinatown or union Square which was just two blocks away.The area was safe and well transport connected.I definately recomend it! ps Price: we payed 360€ in total	
Oct 28 2007 	Perfect location good service	I stayed at the Baldwin end of October. The location of the hotel is great, everything is close.The room was quite big (with 1 queen-size bed), at least bigger than I expected. The furniture is old but ok. The bathroom was very clean and everything was in good shape and working. I had a room on the 6th floor with windows on two sides of the room, both of them could be openend. The staff at the reception was very helpful.I would come back!	
Oct 17 2007 	Perfect Location 	Stayed at the Baldwin Oct. 12 - 14, 2007. First time there. The person at the front desk was very helpful throughout our stay. Checking in was flawless, the room was average size for classic San Francisco hotels. Our 10th floor room had 2 walls of windows that opened and we were high enough to see the city. The location puts you 45 seconds from the gates of China town. You are next door to a Starbucks and across the street from a upscale wine lounge.No noise at night other than a fire truck.We took BART to get to the hotel and from the Montgomery Station you are only 3-4 blocks away. Easy enough to roll the suitcases to the hotel.Will stay here again.	
Oct 6 2007 	Nice hotel excellent location	Got an good price on the hotelclub website for 4 nights. Emailed the hotel to confirm my booking and ask about earlier check-in, they replied saying they would try but that I could leave the luggage behind the reception desk if it wasn't available.Arrived at 11am, easy check-in and room was available. The hotel lobby was nice and the reception staff very friendly. Theres an internet pc (chargeable), sightseeing leaflets, settees, drink and snack machine as well as a coffee machine (there's none in the room).The room was nicely laid out, large and clean. Nice size wardrobe (walk in), ensuite, desk, tv (usual channels) and very comfy queen size bed.The hotel is in an excellent location, right by Chinatown and two blocks from Union Square where you can catch the cable car to Fishermans Wharf.One complaint I did have was that there were hairs (head hair !) on my bath towels so I asked the reception desk to get them replaced which they did that afternoon.Another complaint (which definitely wasn't the Baldwins fault) was that they were re-tarmacing the road outside ! 2nd night they were digging it all up, but luckily stopped about 11:30 and the 3rd night they were tarmacing. I was so tired from the 16 mile bike ride across the Golden Gate Bridge to Tiburon that I fell straight asleep so that didn't bother me. If you're booking in the next couple of years you won't need to worry about the road being dug up !You can book a shuttle to the airport at the hotel. I was told to be back 10 minutes before the allocated pickup time but they arrived 20minutes before, luckily I went back to the hotel 25minutes before to sort my things out. This cost just $15 and the driver drops you off at the correct terminal.	
Oct 5 2007 	We got poor sleep	The value, location, service for this hotel was great. However, we got poor sleep the Friday night we were there because trash pick-up was outside our window at 3AM. There was also a really loud furnace in our room that made funny noises all night. The next morning we had hotel personnel shut if off and that helped a lot. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful.	
Sep 18 2007 	Good Price Great Location	Stayed here this past weekend. It's a simple, gracious older hotel that has excellent proximity to a number of San Francisco attractions. Chinatown's gate is half a block up Grant; Union Square itself if a couple of blocks away.There's no air conditioning, which isn't much of an issue at this time of year. My room faced Grant, but being on a higher floor, it was pretty quiet. The loudest it got was when some folks came stumbling back from a party, and I didn't hear them anymore once they actually went into their own room.Only downside is that the in-room copy of the free tourist magazine had a page ripped out by a previous occupant. I put it in the trash. The maid put it back on the desk, so I just ripped it in half and put it back into the trash. These magazines are free, so it's not as though they need to reuse them until all the pages are ripped from them. :)	
Sep 2 2007 	Excellent choice	The prime plus point for this hotel is the location, right by the gate to China Town. A Couple of blockas from Union Square. Price Superb, Staff Also Superb. Though the rooms were as little sparten, they were spacious and comfortable. Just some advice though, do not get a room ending in 01, I.E 201, 301 etc as these are right by the luift shaft which is noisey. We had this for the 1st night, and the following day requested a room change. This the staff were more than helpful; in doing.	
Aug 30 2007 	Best Deal in Town!! Book It!	I just want everyone to know that I highly recommend this hotel. And this is the 3rd time I visit them. I usually patron the Kimpton Hotel Group; 4-5 Star Hotels and pay a small fortune every time. However, the Baldwin fits my needs perfectly as the location is amazing and the rooms are clean. For the rate you could not find anything better.	
Aug 22 2007 	Awesome location! Great deal!	Like the others say this was a great location. Practically everything is within walking distance, and if not there is public transporation right around the corner (subways, busses, and cable cars). We were a one minute walk from the gates of Chinatown which was awesome. The room was quite large and clean, the staff were easygoing and tried to be helpful whenevery we had any questions. Even though our room faced the street, we had no problem with noise. The only downside was poor water pressure in the shower (also the hallway had a bit of a funky smell - but our room was fine)	
Aug 16 2007 	Great Deal	The location is perfect. The room was very clean and actually fairly large for downtown San Francisco. You can't beat the price for such quality in that location.	
Aug 9 2007 	A great location	Great price, great location - at the gate to Chinatown and two blocks from Union Square - clean rooms, great bath, helpful and friendly staff. No complaints. If the rooms to the front and lower down are noisy try for one higher up and to the side. They are very quiet.	
Aug 8 2007 	Just what we were looking for. Great location perfect price!	I had researched many hotels on TA for weeks. I was looking for a good clean place in a good area, but I didn't want to pay more then $100 a night. I wasn't going to San Francisco for the hotel, so I wasn't looking for anything fancy, and the Baldwin was just want I wanted! we stayed 3 nights, and left our luggage at the front desk for 5 hours until our flight left. My Husband and I were so pleased. We walked from the BART station (3 blocks). The staff was very nice and helpful. The maid service was good and location is great! The hotel is literally steps from China town, and 1 block from Union Square. The hotel is old, but the rooms did not smell, and it is a non-smoking, no pets hotel which is nice. They have done well to update it. The window open and the ceiling fan kept us plenty cool, and the new bed was very comfortable. The only down side was that the bathtub was gross, but we can deal with that. We got a great room with a big bathroom and one queen bed. We will be staying here next time we come.	
Jul 29 2007 	Great location \ but noisy	Stayed at the Baldwin Hotel for four nights. The location is absolutely great if you need to stay this close to Union Square and/or Chinatown.all of the staff that i met was very friendly and the cleaners are doing an execellent job. The bath room was qiute big with a very small claw foot bath tub.The bed was really comfortable and the ceiling fan didn't really make that much noice, but when I found the noice from Grant St. to be a bit too loud - especially when they started to tear up the street outside one night.... ABSOLUTELY NOT THE BALDWIN'S FAULT!!	
Jun 16 2007 	Baldwin was perfect!	The Baldwin exceeded our expectations. I wanted to stay somewhere with my wife that was $100 or less, but not seedy. Not only was the Baldwin not seedy, it was pretty elegant! The people who worked the front desk were some of the best I've encountered - extremely friendly and helpful. Although check-in was not until the mid-afternoon, they were able to get us into our room at 9am.Our room was fabulous. It overlooked Grant St. and was immaculately clean. Not large, but not ridiculously small either. The bathroom was nice with good water pressure. The Baldwin's location is absolutely perfect to seeing San Francisco, and in a very safe area. There is no continental breakfast, though they do offer some subpar coffee. Also, the wireless internet is not free (and quite expensive, so we passed). Overall, I would absolutely recommend the Baldwin to friends.	
Jun 14 2007 	Great Location	Clean, neat and great location.Highly recommend as good value for money	
Jun 11 2007 	Great Hotel great location	This is a great hotel, in a great location for a great price. There are no luxuries such as a pool or restaurant, however the rooms are a good size, very clean, lovely bathrooms with roll top baths. Perfect for a budget city break.	
May 29 2007	Good basic accomodations that did not disappoint	The hotel is fairly clean and in a great location. It is on a very busy street so you do hear a lot of traffic noise during the day, although at night it's not that bad. The location can't be beat if you want to be close to shopping, Chinatown, Union Square, and public transportation. My room was small, clean if you don't look to hard, and freshly painted. It had a clawfoot bathtub and a view down to the shops on Grant Street. As long as you are not expecting anything more than a reasonably clean, safe hotel with basic accomodations that's not fancy, you will not be disappointed here. In this price range, it's better than the majority. For the right price, I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
May 28 2007 	Great locaction	What a terrific find! This hotel is located right at the China Town Gate and only 2 ½ blocks from Union Square There are 3 parking garages within a block and a half. The room was not huge, but we had room enough for the 3 of us. Everything in our room was new: the carpet, linens, fabric, windows, tiles, furniture and paint with all the charm and quirks of a historic old hotel. I appreciate a hotel room where I can open the window. We stayed on the 9th floor and the water pressure was fine—the shower had a low flow head, not much you can do about that. The staff was friendly and helpful. It can be noisy—you are in the middle of a very busy city. We just closed the window and the sirens went away.	
May 24 2007 	Good clean great location	Stayed at the Baldwin for three night during Bay to Breakers race weekend and found it completely enjoyable. Spartan but well-scrubbed and well-kept rooms and pleasant staff. Compares favorably with the more expensive places we've stayed in San Francisco. Good value and great location at Chinatown Gate.	
Apr 23 2007 	Stink Stank Stunk	There were cockroackes under the ice machine, weird stains on the carpet of our room, and the clean up by the maids was awful. Not only that but you nearly trip over all the pan handlers outside the door of the place. Take a wrong turn in this area and you may never be heard from again, scary!!! Let me not forget the incredible rude woman at the desk.	
Apr 9 2007 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else...	...in S.F. unless I decided to spend lots of money. So if you're traveling on a budget or simply don't feel like spending those dollars on a hotel room, by all means stay here. The Baldwin hotel is located at the Chinatown gate, so you're close to Chinatown (obviously), Union Square and the Market St. BART station (don't use Powell Street station if you're offended/bothered by beggars and the likes..the walk to and from Market St station, however, is perfectly ok). Walking to Fisherman's Wharf takes about 15 minutes.I stayed there for three nights in late March. The room was ok and actually more than I expected for under €50 a night. A bit like two to three star hotels in European capitals. The bathroom was large and everything was clean, which to me is the most important thing when it comes to hotel rooms. Staff was always nice and helpful. Again, the location cannot be beat and I wouldn't even consider staying anywhere else, as there are plenty of other opportunities to spend your money on when in S.F.	
Mar 14 2007 	Great Hotel!!	I would recommend this hotel, great location and a great price. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms very comfortable and clean. If I visited San Francisco again I would stay here. The airport shuttle bus drops you off and picks you up right outside the hotel.	
Mar 13 2007	It was all good!!	I read over 60 reviews on various hotels in SF before choosing The Baldwin Hotel. Not fancy, but completely adequate. I recommend this hotel highly. Yes, it was very plainly furnished, no clock, and the bathroom mirror is on opposite wall than sink. But, everything else was just what we are looking for. Stayed 3 nights in March. Very safe location. Friendly, helpful staff. Excellent price. Clean, comfortable room. 1 block to Chinatown.I did not miss a mini fridge or micro. I definately will stay here again.	
Feb 26 2007	Clean and Simple	I booked through Opodo and got a reasonable deal ($70 per night with coffee but no breakfast) although a collegue found a cheaper rate next door at the Astoria ($50/night included a small breakfast).I was pleased with the hotel which was nothing fancy but clean and secure with friendly and helpful staff. For those without wireless laptops, there was internet available in the lobby for $10 per hour.The location was excellent, right by the entrance to China town, near Nob Hill and not far from Little Italy.An overall favourable experience.	
Feb 6 2007	Clean Comfortable Hotel In Excellent Location	My husband and I stayed for a week at this hotel. The location is very convenient (1 min walk from Chinatown, shops etc), lots of trams/trolleys/buses nearby also very easy to walk to most places. We also felt very safe walking around at night (some of the other hotels in this price range were in dodgy areas). The room was very clean, the bed very comfortable and i would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend.	
Jan 5 2007 	Nothing fancy but still liked it	This place is a terrific bargain for San Francisco. As described in other reviews it is nothing fancy and in fact the rooms are rather spartan but the bed was very comfortable, it's well located and considering the location the street noise is not bad. I was traveling by myself when I stayed here and it met my criteria for something that wasn't a budget buster but still well located and a place that I would feel comfortable as a solo female. I arrived on a late flight and after asking the front desk clerk if it was safe I ventured out to a 7Eleven to get a snack at 2am and felt ok doing it.	
Dec 5 2006 	Good hotel though noisy	This hotel is quaint, clean and situated close to San Francisco's Union Square. The staff members were kind and helpful, and we got a great deal for a weekend night using Travelocity. The room was simple and clean -- nothing fancy, but nice. The shower was an old-fashioned bathtub with curtains that go around the entire perimeter. Our experience was generally good except for the following:- There was a considerable amount of noise outside our room at 8 a.m. on Saturday morning. It sounded like glass bottles being dumped into a garbage bin or truck.- The old-fashioned furnace in the room made it incredibly hot, and it wasn't clear how to turn it down or off.- The hotel has a deal with a nearby parking garage for $20, which is actually a good deal. However, it's a couple blocks away, with no valet service to the garage. Not a fun walk back to the hotel if it's late at night &amp; cold!	
Nov 17 2006 	Great Hotel and Great Locations!!!! Only One Concern	The hotel location was great. Extremely clean. Close to ChinaTown and the shopping district. My wife and I stayed her for two nights and were able to walk to everything. Hotel offers a discounted rate at a nearby parking garage which worked perfect for our stay. My only negative was the noise in the room next to the elevator. The elevator cable beat the walls when moving from floor to floor. I think rooms 201, 301, 401.... are next to the elevator. Other than this one detail, I would highly receommend this hotel.	
Nov 14 2006 	Great Find	My husband and I had an excellent stay at the Baldwin Hotel (Oct 21-26). The staff were very friendly even at 11 pm when we checked in. The room was large with a spacious walk in closet. The bathroom was spotless and looked new. The room was thoroughly cleaned everyday and we had no complains whatsoever. There was fresh coffee in the foyer everyday......way better than Starbucks a few doors away. The hotel is close to Chinatown and other cafe's, restaurants and to main sights.We highly recommend this to all travellers to San Fran. With regards to the saxophone player.....his repertoire wasn't great but it was very nice having music drifting up into your room after a very long day of sightseeing........seemed like the real deal.Overall...great , would love to go back again	
Nov 7 2006 	Great Location Great Price	We were amazed how centrally located this hotel was, for the cheap price per night. We would suggest getting a room with the gigantic clawfoot tub, perfect for soaking worn out legs from walking up and down the hills! The room itself was in need of a fresh coat of paint, etc., but for the price you can't get a better location. It's wonderful to be able to step out the front door and see the gate to Chinatown and the best shopping in town! Not to mention how close you are to the public transit and cable cars! You're never too far from great food, Chinatown's dim sum is excellent and there's tons of continental and &quot;fancy&quot; restaurants just down the block. The staff was very courteous and willing to help with anything. Do be cautious of the room door locks, we're not sure what happened but it seems like the door keys open more doors than just your door, but we're not certain. Overall a great place to stay!	
Oct 29 2006 	A big up for Baldwin!	I'm so glad we took a look at this tripadvisor site before we made reservations because like the others below we are completely satisfied with Baldwin Hotel.We took a room w/ two doublebeds and it had a walk-in-closet and a very clean bathroom w/ a spacious bathtub.No view what so ever but that didn't matter since we were seldom in our room. The location was fab! Close to everything, cable cars, attractions, shops...you name it. Very friendly staff as well.The only thing that was annoying - and the hotel had no part in that -was a saxophone player that unfortunately had his spot right under our window and who played the same tune over and over again...aaargh.But apart from that we sincerely recommend this hotel to everyone who travels on a reasonably low budget.	
Oct 18 2006	What a great hotel!!	The best deal in San Francisco. Excellent hotel, nice price, great location, clean and pleasant rooms, kind staff, prime location, safe area. I checked other hotels I had seen advertised for the same price, and the Baldwin is truly much better.	
Oct 16 2006 	Charming central hotel	The most comfortable bed we had in our six week trip. An unbelivable location right outside the Chinatown gates and near Union Square and the cable car line. We wish we could have stayed for longer than our 2 night stay.	
Sep 18 2006 	Run down hotel in a great location	This hotel was in a great location . It is minutes from Union Square and china town and only 15 mins walk from fisherman’s wharf….and it’s a nice walk too.The hotel itself is run down and in need of new carpets etc.. our bed was not a full double so I was disappointed. When I asked to move to a room with a larger bed they said they had nothing available! It can be noisy and I did hear the elevator from both rooms….only slightly but there is no getting away from it. However I suppose it’s a case of you get what you pay for. In relation to other hotels it is cheap and if you want to spend your money on the attractions its ideal. I found the staff ok but nothing special. Not a bad hotel in a wonderful city	
Sep 3 2006	Great Little Hotel In The Center Of Everything	I was extremely pleased with this hotel! The staff were very nice and helpful! Getting anywhere was as simple as a short walk or calling the desk to make transportation arrangements. The room was clean, comfortable, and a decent size considering the age of the hotel. Overall this hotel was a great value!	
Aug 29 2006	Great for the price!	The Baldwin is a 1940's hotel just below the Chinatown Gate. Good location for shopping and getting anywhere on mass transit. Get the Tourist Pass and go crazy. The rooms are good size, very clean and reasonably quiet (stay away from the elevator!). No breakfast, but places to eat are nearby and abundant. The staff was friendly and very helpful when needed. No clock in room and crap TV, but really not issues for me. Good value.	
Aug 18 2006 	A Pleasant Stay	We stayed there four nights. The room was simple and smaller than chain hotels but if you're there to see the city and not the room than it's not a problem. The room was very clean and in good condition with the exception of the carpeting which needed to be replaced. No noise from other rooms and we weren't near the elevator so no comment there. I must say the staff at the front desk was very friendly and helpful in their suggestions of places to go. Overall, for what we paid for the room, we were pleased. Oh, and the best part - the location! Chinatown is right there. North Beach, Union Square, BART, and cable cars are all within walking distance. We would stay here again.	
Jul 31 2006	Good bargain	After I booked it, I learned Hotwire rates the Baldwin as a one-star hotel. That made me apprehensive, but my stay in late July effectively erased that. Hotwire's rankings are based, in part, on a hotel's amenities. By that standard, it's true that the Baldwin is far from luxury. The rooms don't have refrigerators, hair dryers, safes, coffee makers, air conditioning and the TV doesn't have a movie option. There's no restaurant on the premises and no room service or nightly turn-down service. No swimming pool, either.While these are all fine features to have, they do affect the room price. Not having them also affects the room price -- in this case making the Baldwin a bargain in expensive downtown San Francisco.Here's what my room did have:Lots of space and absolute cleanliness. Hotel-average furniture. Two very comfortable beds with good mattresses. New windows that effectively kept out street noise. Thick wall construction -- no sound transmission from other rooms. A ceiling fan. Cable TV. Usual shampoo/soap. Lots of good-quality towels. Bathroom that looked as if it had been recently modernized with new tile floor. General look of good maintenance -- no chipped paint or dirty walls or windows. In the lobby there's free a.m. coffee and tea. You can borrow a hair dryer. There's a public internet computer (pay extra to use it). There's also parking at a garage around the corner (think the hotel's Web site has info about that). The staff was helpful and courteous.This hotel is in a safe area just steps from Chinatown and the Financial District, making it extremely well located for business or vacation travel. There's a Starbucks in the same block, a Japanese restaurant next door, a cafe across the street, a convenience store around the corner and more Chinese restaurants than you can count within about three blocks. In recent years I've stayed in half a dozen of San Francisco's small boutique hotels (and one large one -- the Marriott, which was filthy). While I can't say the Baldwin is my absolute favorite (I do like an in-room fridge), it truthfully is as nice or nicer than others that cost more.I'd stay there again in an instant.	
Jul 27 2006 	Great Price Great Location Great Hotel	The Baldwin Hotel is located about half a block away from the gates of Chinatown. I was able to look outside the window and see the gates of Chinatown--wonderful view. I got a twin size bed room. The room is decent size. Each room has its own bathroom (HUGE PLUS for a budget hotel). One strange thing was there was no mirror above the sink in the bathroom. I found shaving a bit awkward. The mirror was located behind (not on the same side as the sink but opposite). Old style claw feet bathtub w/ shower. I will definitely stay here. It is also a 5-minute walk to the financial district. If you are on a budget, then this hotel is a fantastic place to stay.	
Jun 25 2006	Excellent deal	We stayed at the Baldwin Hotel for over a week, and was amased by the place when comparing it with what we paid for a hotel at such a convenient location.The rooms were clean and they had a very helpful staff.I do not understand those who complain about small rooms or noisy elevator.The location is excellent just a block from Union Square.Starbucks and other places to have breakfast just outside the main entranceIf we were to return to SF, we would use this Hotel again.	
Jun 5 2006	Great Deal!!	I would stay at the Baldwin again in a heartbeat if I were to return to San Fran. The rooms were basic and a little small but VERY clean. The bathrooms are large and there is a walk-in closet for great storage. The hotel is in a great, safe location. I stayed with 3 other girls in our mid-twenties and I never felt unsafe. The hotel is close to the Powell and Montgomery stop on the BART and in the middle of the high-end shopping district. It is about a block from Union Square and about 50 yards from the entrance of Chinatown. If you are looking for an affordable place to stay so that you can spend your money on sightseeing and shopping the Baldwin is for you!	
May 23 2006	Perfect for the price	Honestly, I didn't expect much when my husband and I was going to SF. We know it's an expensive city, and USD 90 for two nights sounds a little too good to be true. But when we arrived (we only walked a few blocks from Montgomery bart station) at the hotel, we were gladly surprised. The building itself is interesting, the size of the room is considerably big (not huge, but definitely not small) and clean, the location is awesome (1 minute walk from Chinatown gate), the people are very helpful and friendly. I couldn't recommend this hotel more. It's worth every cent.	
May 17 2006 	Good place to stay	We stayed at this hotel for 5 days (22 - 28 Apr 2006). The staff was friendly and helpful. The price was just right. Just 10 min walk to Montgomery or Powell St. The room is very basic.	
May 9 2006	Clean cozy value		
Apr 8 2006 	Fantastic Bargain		
Apr 3 2006 	With proper expectations a fantastic deal!		
Mar 23 2006 	Go prepared		
Oct 11 2005	Basic Clean Hotel in Excellent Location		
Sep 27 2005	Loud Elevator!		
Sep 27 2005	Great Hotel for the Price!		
Feb 19 2005	great little hotel		
Feb 2 2005 	A good value central hotel		
Aug 11 2004	Perfect location great price		
Oct 24 2009 	muy buena ubicación		
Oct 13 2009 	Sans ame		
Oct 8 2009 	Accueillant		
Sep 20 2009 	hotel sympa		
Sep 2 2009 	Très bon hotel		
Jul 25 2009 	Hotel correcto y bien ubicado		
Jun 4 2009 	Pratique		
Sep 21 2008	Très bon plan pour se loger à SF		
Aug 17 2008	buon hotel		
Aug 8 2008 	Ottima solo la posizione		
Apr 24 2008 	Parfait!		
Mar 28 2008 	Tolles Hotel!		
