	reasonable price but don't expect good service	my boyfriend and I occasionally go to the city for a small get away. This is the first time we stay at comfort inn. The price was reasonable but the service was horrible, the guy at the front desk looks like he didn't know what he was doing. very disappointed at the &quot;city view&quot; when all we see out of our window was another building The room was small, there were not a lot of space for us to put our belongings. Some of the lights were broken. overall the room was rather clean.i would not advise any couple who wants to spend their anniversary here. i would spend more money to stay at a hotel instead.Parking lot is small and hard to move your vehicle, reasonably priced. 26 dollars. It is pretty cheap for parking in the city.	
Nov 18 2009 	blatant false description of room's facilities and views	My family and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, 6 November to 9 November, and only that we had prepaid the booking we would have left on the 1st night!The description that was on the Hotel Club/V Australia site was very inaccurate and left us feeling totally ripped off and angry! We paid extra for a &quot;larger unit with Bridge view and Bay view&quot; We did not get a larger room, the room being the same size as what you would expect in a Super 6 or Formula1 hotel. There was no fridge, no microwave and the views were of a distant Golden Gate Bridge in the bay! Not as described &quot; bridge view, bay view&quot;Front desk staff were extremely rude and patronising, when I questioned the size of the room and the &quot;views&quot; I was offered a room on the 7th floor, two floors above what we had already been booked into, but with the exactly the same facilities and told to bring all our baggage etc down to reception as that room would not be available until later that day. I declined that offer as it made no difference to what we had we had believed we had booked as per the description on the website!To add to my disgust, there was zero customer service, with one of the front desk female staff actually snorting at me as I walked past front reception the following morning!I would tell anybody even considering staying at that hotel to not consider under any circumstances, it cost us over US$600, with the added insult of $30 a night parking! Do yourself a favour and don't book here, even the Travelodge positioned across the road had larger rooms and with all the missing basic requirements you would expect for far lower rates than Comfort Inn by the Bay charges!	
Nov 9 2009 	Great location no so good service...	This was the last of five hotels during an 11 day stay in northern California. Unfortunately this was our least favorite of all five. The rooms were very basic &quot;city&quot; hotel rooms. Unbelievable small with just an 18&quot; table with one chair, nothing more. No microwave, fridge, or even a second chair. The was an enormous tangled mess of power cords under the little table which made recharging all of life's accessories a pain in the behind. Worst of all, the service was terrible with the exception of a nice latino gentleman who worked the breakfast area in the morning. The price was fair for little we did get and as I said, great spot.	
Nov 9 2009 	Perfect for weekend stay--Best for the price	I highly recommend this hotel. The rooms are neat and clean with everything you need for a comfortable stay. Staff was very accomodating and friendly and breakfast was very good. Location was excellent; right on the corner of Lombard and Van Ness St. and only several blocks to Fisherman's Wharf etc. They even let us check out and leave our luggage in the office so we could still tour around. I've had excellent luck with all the hotels that were favorably reviewed on trip advisor.	
Nov 2 2009 	Black MOLD Present on Wall and Curtains	For your own health and comfort, pick a different hotel. The walls behind the curtains had so much black mold that I refused to stay in the first room. I was offered a 2nd room and it too had black mold on the curtains as well as the wall. I stayed only 1 night instead of the planned 2 because of the mold. Had it not been raining so hard and during rush hour, I would have left and never stayed the 1 night. I regret not leaving, I was never comfortable in the room. Parking at the site is horrible, there is no elevator service to floors 2 and 3 of the subterranean parking. Only attempt to park here if you have a very small car. We had a Camry and even that was difficult to take the turns without backing up and making small moves..	
Oct 18 2009 	Convenient location but you have to upgrade to get a view	We stayed here for 2 nights and I was disappointed that the &quot;city view&quot; was of a big ugly building next door. We asked for a different room but they said they all faced that building. We had to upgrade to actually get a view of the bridge and city, which was pretty nice. The location is convenient - within walking distance to Fisherman's warf and you can catch the muni transport close by. This was my first time there and I got to see eveything I wanted to. The continental breakfast was okay - waffles, white toast, oatmeal, cereal, apples/oranges, and pastries. Parking was reasonably priced for the area, although it is crammed down there. If you're just passing through it's a good hotel, but if you're looking for more romance you'll have to spend more money elsewhere. P.s. -Upon checking in we told the staff we were celebrating our anniversary and a baby on the way (@ 7 months) and they could care less, perhaps giving a little smile.	
Oct 5 2009 	Single bed rooms are extremely small and crowded	We stayed at this hotel for three nights. First two nights we had a single Queen bed and there was literally no where to put the suitcases. Was supposed to be city view however even on the 8th floor there was a building directly in front of the view. We requested an upgrade for our third night for bridge/bay view and two queens (which was quite inconvenient to move all of the luggage to hotel storage) and wait to check-in yet again the next afternoon. However, the room was much larger. Just moved up to 9th floor and b/c of fog really not much of a view of city but the street below was quite entertaining. As with most hotels in Frisco parking fee is unreasonable but a necessity. Location of this hotel is quite a hike to different attractions but it is on the MUNI route which is helpful. Breakfast was typical continental - Comfort Inn Sunrise Breakfast - and a very crowded/noisy eating area.	
Sep 30 2009 	hotel and location is ok - front desk staff was horrible	we stayed at this hote for three nights and we booked a room with bayview. we actually requested a king bed, but on check in we were told that they only have double rooms left and we should be happy that our room is on the 7th floor (don't know what one has to do with the other). check in was our first experience with the &quot;friendly&quot; and &quot;enthusiastic&quot; front desk staff. during our stay we dealt with 5 different people at reception and they were all 5 either rude, unfriendly or absolutely bored, basically all in the wrong job.the room was ok. quite spacious and we really had a nice view of the bay and the bridge. the breakfast was always a bit of a battle, as this hotel seems to be very popular with groups, so every morning there were groups coming at the same time so the buffet was empty quite quickly and as there were not too many tables, one morning we didn't manage to get a table straight away. breakfast itself is no highlight, but sufficient.the location was goog. to the cable car you have to walk three blocks (very steep uphill that is), to Fisherman's Wharf it's about 20-25 min. walk, but there is also a bus going there. parking was with US 26,- (I think) not too cheap.there are no extra services at the hotel. NO business center with internet access, NO fitness center, NO pool, NO restaurant...all in all I would say it was ok for what we've paid, but if you want friendly staff - don't go there!	
Sep 28 2009 	Good Hotel for a Night or Two	This is a good hotel by Comfort Inn standards. It's clean and in a good location. It's about a 15 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf and 3 blocks from the Worlds Crookedest Street.The continental breakfast is very good. Lots of variety.This seems to be a hotel that tour operators use. There were quite a few people loading into buses the day we left.	
Aug 28 2009 	Good Location and Great Base.	After being delayed on the way to SF we didn't check into the hotel until just after midnight. We were made welcome by Tove on front desk who even though it was late answered any questions which we had and also gave us a menu for a takeaway because we'd not eaten properly for almost 15 hours. We got up for breakfast which was ok (it was a free breakfast so don't expect a huge variety) it had selve serve waffle makers which always had a line, mini muffins, boiled eggs, bread for toast and tea and coffee making facilities. The room was spacious, we had bay views, a television with a variety of channels. The bathroom wasn't very big but it was ok. The hotel itself is in a great location about 6 blocks away from fishermans wharf and in a good location for bars and restaurants in the evening. I would recommend this hotel it is a great base, not the most luxurious in the world but a good option and the staff are really nice.	
Aug 9 2009 	Super close to golden gate and fisherman's wharf but it has negatives	We stayed here for a trip to San Francisco. The hotel is very close to the golden gate bridge and only a few blocks walk to fisherman's wharf. There is an active night life in the area with restaurants and bars. However, this place has some downsides. We used reward points for paying the night, but an average night here is over $150. Plus parking is an additional $26 per day. Parking lost is very tiny and cramped. We had a top floor room with a tremedous view of the bridge, but I would not pay extra for it. The room was very small without a desk for my laptop. TV was small and walls were very thin as we could hear other rooms. Bathroom was tiny as well. Atleast it had the sink outside of the bathroom. No pool. Breakfeast area is large, with an a standard comfort inn breakfast with waffles, cereal, toast, bagels, etc... Impossible to catch a cab in this city. I think this hotel is fine for staying in when you are passing by, but I would try someplace else the next time I am in SF.	
Aug 6 2009 	Nice hotel terrible front desk service	Hotel was convenient for being there to visit. The front desk treated us rudely. They did not have silverware we could use from our takeout even though they have it for breakfast every morning. They also were not too helpful with directions or friendly to talk to. They just did not seem to care to be there to have good customer service.	
Jul 30 2009 	Bed Bugs and Filthy Room	Don't stay here if you care about avoiding a bed bug infestation in your own place of living. The last night we stayed, we discovered a bed bug crawling on us while sitting on the bed. When this issue was brought up to the Front Desk staff, they did nothing, our rooms weren't changed, we weren't given new reservations at a different hotel, nothing. We had to sleep in the bed bug room, feeling itchy and gross, knowing that when we checked out, we would have to quarantine our clothes, luggage and everything outside of our house when we returned home. At check-out, I spoke to the Manager on duty who comped one night for our 'grievances.' I asked whether all of the rooms had moldy curtains, dirty ice buckets, and bed bugs, &quot;of course not,&quot; he replied.I called my friends back home and had them put out garbage bags and clean clothes outside of our house for when we got there. We had to change outside. Our luggage is still in the garbage bags on our patio.	
Jul 26 2009 	Comfortable and pleasant stay would definately return.	Stayed for three nights with my husband, teenage daughter and son and my parents. Rooms were clean and very comfortable. My parents were on the top floor the first night but found the air conditioning very noisy. Staff were very sympathetic and helpful and immediately moved them to a quieter room. Breakfast was very good offering a wide choice; waffles, cereal, fruit, eggs, pastries etc. Good location, easy to access all the sights, bus stop just outside front door.(Great pizza delivery service advertised in lobby. Buy a pass for muni transport, it gives unlimited access at a very reasonable price and can be purchased on buses or at terminal).	
Jul 24 2009	Good Clean Hotel in a good location	Stayed here for 3 nights at the start of our holiday. Asked for two adjoining non smoking rooms with a bay and bridge view, which was exactly what we got. Rooms were clean and comfortable although the bathroom was a little small. What a view to wake up to in the morning! Reception staff were very friendly and helpful. Nothing seemed too much trouble. The inclusive breakfast was more than adequate, the location was ideal, not too far from the Wharf and parking fee reasonable. All in all, a very good start to our California tour	
Jul 21 2009 	Clean Hotel great view excellent breakfst	We stayed at the Comfort Inn for one night this month. The Hotel is right on Lombard Street, the crooked street in San Fran. My family and I checked in at noon, room was ready for us. The first thing we saw was the incredible view of the Golden Gate Bridge from our window. We were able to walk up, and I mean UP, Lombard street, which was quite a work out. The walk to Fisherman's Warf was a short distance from the hotel, as well as to Ghiradelli square, The breakfast was plentiful, a good selection which met all of our needs for variety. Head to the breakfast area early (we were there at 7:30) to miss the crowds. Even has a waffle maker, which delighted the teens in our group. The parking is very tight, don't try to get in there with a large vehicle. Comfort Inn was clean, a bit dated, however spotless and no unpleasant smells. The lobby is nicely furnished and at street level. I recommend this as a good place to stay with family.	
Jul 15 2009 	Good hotel but beware of the phone scam!	We started our trip around California staying at this hotel, we booked a suite with a bridge view and got exactly what we asked for. It was a handicapped suite but I think the only difference to the normal suites is a low bathtub.The suite was a good size and clean but a little noisy because of the noise from Lombard Street, the decor was a little old but nothing we couldn't deal with.On the first day we we're woken by the telephone ringing and someone claiming to be the front desk asked us for our credit card details, they claimed they hadn't been swiped properly. I declined the offer and went to reception where the staff didn't seem too alarmed but explained to me that anyone can call the rooms from an external line by just punching in the room number. So anyone staying here please be careful, the staff seemed to be aware of this scam and whilst talking amongst themselves thought they should put notices up in the rooms, I don't know if this has been done since.Breakfast had a good selection of buffet items, breads, muffins and make your own waffles. Coffee was completely undrinkable, but there was also tea and juices.	
Jul 7 2009 	Pefectly good hotel	We stayed three nights and enjoyed it. Parking is $26 a night, which is not unreasonable for SF, and the lot is inside and secure. The location is excellent. It's a bit of a walk down to the Wharf, but near enough, and close to buses and a cable car route. The staff was very friendly and recommended some restaurants and tours. Breakfast was a little crowded during peak times, but the food was good.	
Jul 5 2009 	Central Location	This was a great hotel to park the car and walk or take the transit. The area was safe and we had no problems, walking to Fishermens Warf or to the movie theater. As far as the parking goes, it is very tight fit and we had a small car. However, the cost to park, $26 US a night was the best value for any hotel parking that I could see, so no complaints there. I would definatly stay here again.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for two nights prior to our cruise to Alaska. The staff were very hospitable and our check-in was very smooth which was great after our 18 hour flight from Australia. Our room was very comfortable and clean and had good views of the city from our 10th floor. Breakfast was included and was quite good, but a word of advice, get to the breakfast room early as it fills up quickly. We would certainly recommend this establishment.	
Jun 28 2009	Incredible value in the heart of San Francisco	After many weeks of researching for nice and convenient place to stay, Comfort Inn By the Bay garnered most appeal to me due to favorable feedback it received with regard to location, service quality and the vast range of offered amenities. Having stayed 2 nights at this hotel I really found it to be a delightful facility perfectly suited for those looking to do some productive sightseeing or many other tourist activities. While this is far from a luxury accommodation and certain aspects of this hotel's interior do show their age, I would be at fault in my review not to highlight those attributes that made this Comfort Inn for me truly stand out among its many neighboring competitors. Being one of the only high rise constructions in its vicinity Comfort Inn By the Bay should take special pride in allowing many of its guests enjoy truly beautiful views of one of San Francisco's most iconic landmarks, The Golden Gate Bridge, just outside the window of most of its upper floor rooms. The view is truly nothing short of spectacular and is guaranteed to keep you glued to the window giving you immediate inspiration on some nice compositions for your first pictures of the San Francisco Bay. That first image of the Golden Gate Bridge, a marvel of 20th century engineering achievements and full of fascinating history, will stay with you long after you leave. To hotel's another credit it is conveniently located at one of the centerpiece intersections of San Francisco, the corner of Van Ness Avenue and Lombard Street. This corner can get busy with car and pedestrian traffic, but it is neither overbearing nor particularly noisy for hotel guests inside the room due to a solid soundproof window construction. However, it is really the close proximity to major San Francisco landmarks which greatly benefits Comfort Inn by the Bay and hence helps seal the deal for a casual tourist looking to be within walking distance to many popular establishments. From the historic Ghirardelli Square with its vibrant shopping scene on the north-eastern side of the hotel to the colorful and upbeat ambience of Fisherman's Wharf area a bit further down with plenty of activity near a waterfront on the stretch of adjoining piers, you've got it all within a mere 10-20 minute walk from hotel's entrance. A pleasant walk to the north-west, in 20-25 minutes will get you to the beautiful Palace of Fine Arts and a green mile closer to exploring the grandeur of Golden Gate Bridge itself. And of course the mesmerizing San Francisco landscape renowned for its unusually steep slopes wouldn't be complete without a celebrated &quot;crookedest&quot; region of the Lombard Street, which is literally just 3 blocks directly east of Comfort Inn by the Bay.I felt that the service provided by this facility was quite admirable given the scale and class of the hotel. Even though my request for an early check-in was not immediately fulfilled upon arrival (I specifically requested it well in advance), I observed that concierge personnel acted with utmost professionalism in resolving this oversight and within 20 minutes I was already enjoying a gorgeous scenery of San Francisco Bay from the comfort of my upper floor room window. The size of the room was adequate, the furnishings a bit dated though well maintained; but more importantly the bed mattresses were notably comfortable and floors utterly clean. The extent of various amenities and guest services offered by Comfort Inn by the Bay was another dealbreaker for me as I consider it of great value when my hotel stay includes hassle-free car parking and complimentary breakfast, both of which were conveniently provided here and deserve a good mention. A free breakfast which ran daily from 6:00 - 10:00am may not have been deluxe but was decidedly better than what one would expect from the chain hotel of this kind. The breakfast staff worked hard to replenish yummy pastries, english muffins, white &amp; wheat choice of breads, fresh fruits (both apples and oranges), hard boiled eggs, cereal, oatmeal, coffee, tea, as well as juices (apple and orange). On top of all, you could even indulge in making your own waffles using one of the 2 waffle maker machines available in the breakfast area. I genuinely felt that the quality of service in the breakfast room was splendid, which was yet another example of the distinction the hotel had going for it. Even though my stay fell on the weekend and the hotel was near its maximum capacity from what I heard, I was pleasantly surprised with always being able to get a seat during the breakfast hours on both mornings. San Francisco was my first destination as part of the 10-day long road trip journey along the California coast, Arizona, and Nevada. With this in mind, among all things I was looking for an accommodation with a secured parking facility. The research I conducted showed that hotel parking in San Francisco is generally anything but affordable with average per night rates approaching a $40-$50 range. Comfort Inn by the Bay was no miracle but it yet again managed to impress me by providing a great bargain on parking, only $26/night + tax (around $29.85 total). The parking lot itself consisted of a 3-level underground garage which fundamentally suffered from low clearance and very narrow turning radius. The lack of space here was so severe that moving in and out of your spot as well as navigating from one level to the next in the garage was a strenuous drill. As others have already noted, be extra careful bringing anything larger than a mid-size class vehicle irrespective of your parking skills. The elevator service in the parking garage was running from the upper level only, and I believe there's a 15-minute time limit for parking here intended for simply leaving your car during the check-in procedure. That being said, if you have a lot of luggage I'd suggest to briefly park your car there for unloading purpose and then move it down one or two levels for your final overnight parking. While working out the details of my rental vehicle pickup I heard many locals advise against using a car in San Francisco, so I decided to leave this errand for the last day of my stay here. Admittedly, I was happy to do so as finding a good parking spot on the streets of San Francisco is exceedingly difficult and time consuming. I paid particular attention to street parking in the course of sightseeing and could hardly ever spot a vacant parking space even one managed by a meter. If you do already have a car with you I would still strongly advise to leave it behind in hotel's garage and use the city's excellent public transportation system that includes buses, trolleys, metro, street cars, and world famous cable cars to get around.By virtue of such distinct range of benefits provided by Comfort Inn by the Bay I managed to accomplish an abundance of tourist activities all in just under 2 days. I started out with Mr. Toad's 3-hour &quot;Postcard San Francisco&quot; tour early afternoon followed by a relaxing stroll along Fisherman's Wharf district, which still allowed for plenty of time to capture spectacular shots of this beautiful city, even for most zealous photographer. On to a 2nd day of my stay, it wouldn't really be a trip to San Francisco have I not boarded one of many Bay cruises to take me along world famous San Francisco Bay including a short but memorable swing under the magnificent Golden Gate Bridge itself. Among the many thrills I had in San Francisco another one that stood out was a cable car ride along the Powell-Mason line, which again was made easily possible for its close proximity to Comfort Inn by the Bay. From one end of the line to the other was a convenient 15-minute ride, which brought me into the heart of San Francisco's Union Square district known for its snappy ambience and diverse shopping scene. Genuine lovers of zesty city life and high profile businesses and shopping centers will find plenty to do here. I then decided to round up my city transit experience by getting a taste of San Francisco metro and trolley, both of which were cheap and efficient in helping me get back to the hotel. As the day slowly began its retreat I took my rental up for a leisurely drive over Golden Gate Bridge to the charming town of Sausalito for some truly remarkable scenery and a delicious dinner at &quot;Horizons&quot;. Watching the sun set around San Francisco Bay from the restaurant deck here at Sausalito and gazing at seagulls making their rounds from here to Angel Island and further down to Alcatraz was absolutely breathtaking making it for a perfect way to wrap up my visit to this ravishing part of the world. As the first destination on my road trip along the southwestern U.S., San Francisco left me dazzled and incredibly inspired. I owe it to Comfort Inn by the Bay for helping me effectively materialize all of my ambitions while exploring the city of such scope and charm. The impressions here were plenty but I'm convinced they are still among very few yet to be surpassed.	
Jun 25 2009 	Reasonable Hotel	We stayed here as part of a holiday package. Hotel staff were friendly and reception staff were helpful apart from telling us the wrong bus to get one day! bit of a nightmare! Rooms were ok in size and we were happy with the space for 2 adults had it been 3 adults it would have been tight for space. Bathroom was a bit small - you could not close the door easily! Breakfast was a nightmare not enough tables and we tried a few different timings and every time the tables were filled with people waiting and the choice of breakfast was not great to be honest. Location was ok but would have been nicer to be nearer North Beach/Fisherman's Wharf. Would recommend providing you cannot get a similar priced hotel nearer the Wharf area. Good free wi-fi internet though!	
May 12 2009 	lovely clean quiet but too far from North Beach and the wharf	A great hotel with cheapest parking. Very very Quiet with a nice view (11th floor) Well trained staff. Only problem was sink and makeup area was DARK. Lighting Very Dim!Best value with free breakfast. Make your own waffle (2 minutes) fruit , danish, hard boiled eggs, cream cheese, e muffins, juices. A nice eating area. We took taxies every where, a $6.80 ride to North Beach or Wharf.	
Apr 28 2009 	Really Glad We Stayed Here	We stayed there last Fall for four nights -- our first time in San Francisco (SFO). Sorry it's taken awhile to get this review done -- but I feel compelled to express our very favorable opinion of this facility. We chose this hotel from several possibilities in the area, and are so glad we did. We would definitely go back there again on another visit to SFO.We were on the 7th floor (mid-range price) and had a great view of the Bay &amp; the Bridge (no need to go to a higher floor). Everything in the room was fine -- no complaints -- and the price is right. The beds were just heavenly -- absolutely the best we've had in a hotel, that we can remember. The staff was very helpful and friendly.Our most appreciated service was their restaurant recommendation on the Sunday that we arrived. We wanted something &quot;San Francisco-ish&quot;, but not expensive on this first night -- just a good meal in a relaxed, informal environment. One of the desk ladies suggested &quot;Polkers Gourmet Burgers&quot; up on Polk Street near Russian Hill. And it was great -- just what we wanted: a SFO neighborhood restaurant with good, tasty basic food. We were the only tourists there (amongst many locals) -- we felt like we were definitely in SFO. And in getting there and back to the hotel, we got our first taste of riding the Metro Bus System -- which we found out was easy to use ...... especially since so many bus lines go past or near this Comfort Inn. Did I mention location? This hotel is at a great location -- just perfect, at the corner of Van Ness and Lombard.The breakfast room is very busy in the morning, but also very large, with many tables. It had all that we wanted for breakfast -- very adequate and constantly attended and maintained by more than one person.The only negative is the parking situation -- but that's a negative at almost any SFO hotel, if they even have any. The parking garage is very, very tight -- the ramps and spaces very narrow (and it costs $26 per night). But it's do-able -- and we had an Impala. Unless you're going far from downtown, you won't use your car anyway. The Metro Bus System works just fine, anywhere you want to go in the downtown area.We were very glad that we stayed here -- it felt like home after four nights. &quot;We left our hearts in San Francisco!&quot;	
Apr 25 2009	horrible hotel workers are acussers	There was 3 people in our room. As soon as we got in, we got ready for bed and went to bedwe could hear noises through the walls at nightand yet, they said they had to move the people next to us (who were making the noise) and pay them back some moneyeven when we were all gone, and the elevator bell went off, they accussed usthe elevators are quite bad the breakfast they say is an all you can eat BUFFET,but it was terrible, i had to go on until lunch because i couldn't bare eating it.i recommend you never stay in this hotel!the only good thing about it, is the view of the golden gate bridge!	
Apr 17 2009	Good Location Expensive Parking with No Elevator Service to Garage.	Yes, this hotel does present itself as a good value given it's proximity to fisherman's wharf, but there are a couple things you should know before you book a room. First, there is No elevator service to the parking garage. A major inconvenience especially considering it costs nearly $30.00 a day with tax to park there. Second, don't bother paying extra for a bridge view on the &quot;upper level&quot;. The &quot;lower&quot; bridge view rooms will have just as good a view, but at a better price.	
Mar 31 2009 	Wake up with a view of the Golden Gate	We were in town looking at colleges. We needed a place at the last minute and picked this one because of price and location. We were quite thrilled to wake up to that bay view! some rooms look out on the city. The breakfast room downstairs was filled with happy travelers. Waffle makers, cold cereals, hard boiled eggs, breads, coffee, juice. Daily parking was steep , but the room was so reasonable it did not matter. Close to cable cars!!	
Mar 30 2009 	Brilliant Hotel	Totally recommend this hotel. Good location near to Fishermans Wharf (about 15 min walk). Rooms very comfortable and clean, very good power shower and plenty of towels. Maid came in every day and did excellent job. Good continental breakfast, seeing as it was free couldn't complain, did get busy between 8.30am and 9.30am but always got a table. Front of desk staff very helpful, booked us a taxi back to the airport and a stretch limo turned up, finished off holiday very nicely. Only downside was not alot around hotel, there is one pub right opposite hotel but next nearest probably fishermans wharf, always felt safe walking there at night though. All in all brilliant hotel.	
Mar 27 2009	good hotel	stayed here for 2nights as part of a tour of western america.it was a comfortable hotel. the bed was just right. the room was big enough and plenty of storage and clean. the bathroom was clean and a good size.the only thing i was dissapointed in was the breakfast, there wasnt much choice, though you could have as much as you like. i would stay here again as its ideally situated for sightseeing in san francisco	
Mar 22 2009 	Great basic hotel	We only stayed one evening and it was a free stay using my Choice Hotel points, so it was a great value for us. Check in was very quick and easy, very friendly staff. The room was nice and roomy and clean with a nice view of the Golden Gate Bridge. It is within easy walking distance of the Fisherman's Wharf area. Beds were comfortable, room was quiet. The free breakfast was good, not great, there were lots of high fat, high calorie options, I would have liked to see something healthier, but it's free... Check out was also quick and easy.	
Mar 10 2009 	Good deal for the area	This is a typical Comfort Inn, nothing special. It is a great deal for the location in San Francisco. We used the parking garage, which again wasn't a bad price for the city, at $26 per night with in/out priv. If you arrive before check-in time or need to leave your car up till 4pm on day of check out you can at no extra charge. Be warned, though, that it is a very tight garage. We could barely get in and out. Our room was clean and we had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge. There is the typical breakfast, with english muffins, cereal, waffles, oranges and apples. It was very convenient to the bus stop and was within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf and Ghiradelli Square, if you don't mind walking 5 or 6 blocks. I felt safe, even walking at night.	
Mar 9 2009 	Great got even better	Stayed for 2 weeks in Feb/March 2009 and thoroughly enjoyed my stay.The room, Bridge and Bay view twin, was spacious, comfortable,very well appointed and immaculately clean. Two queen beds .tv ,lots of wardrobe and storage space and free internet access. The bathroom was compact....bath and great power-shower and an abundance of fresh towels every day. Housekeeping by Thelma was perfectionist standard.Breakfast(included in price) was very good. A cold buffet of muffins, cereals juice etc.. You can also make hot porridge, toast and waffles. Food was constantly replenished and room was kept clean and tidyFront desk staff were friendly, approachable, knowledgeable and always willing to go that extra mile to ensure guests had a great experience. Mark and Jean were outstanding in this respect, as was Tove who did night shifts. Indeed ALL front desk staff were excellent.Hotel is very well located close to Fisherman's Wharf(10 min. walk) and is well serviced by the 45,49 and 30 busses which will take you almost anywhere within the city.This was my second stay at this hotel and, once again, was wonderful. I can't wait to return. I would have no hesitation in recommendind this hotel to absolutely anybody. Prices for San Francisco are amazingly low and the product is of a very high standard.	
Mar 4 2009 	DON'T stay here. They have BED BUGS!!	An absolutely disgusting place to be in! First, we were'nt given the correct room I reserved (two double beds instead of two queen beds). Second, there was remnants of old, dried blood on one of the pillows that nearly made me puke! They eventually moved us to a different room with bigger beds but by that time, we were all infested and bitten by BED BUGS. Yes, folks, that's exactly what I said....BED BUGS!!! Truly disgusting and something short of what I would expect from a Third World country. Still, a week after my trip, I'm suffering from the itchy, red, swollen welts that the little critters left on my body. I WOULD NEVER recommend this place to anyone!!! I can't even stress this issue enough. Needless to say, we filed a complaint through the Department of Health in San Francisco. BE WARNED!!!	
Feb 21 2009 	Comfortable hotel beautiful view 	Our double room was clean &amp; had a beautiful view of the Golden Gate bridge.Front desk staff were helpful. Continental breakfast was adequate, with waffles &amp; many breads.We used public transit the whole 5 days we were there. Buses stop within one block of the hotel. There are a fair number of restaurants within walking distance.The hotel is quiet.	
Feb 13 2009 	Nice Place to Stay	I reviewed this place before coming to CA, but didn't book it until arrival. Met other travelers along the way that recommended it. I have stayed in four other motels in SF. This was by far the most reasonable cost wise and better quality that some. It was clean, comfortable, and safe. Cheaper parking than most places. It is a bit of a walk from the wharf, farther than I thought. But they do have the bus that will take you within a block of the motel. Breakfast was a typical continental breakfast, but not great. Staff very friendly and helpful. No computers for guest to use, although the rooms have internet connection available. I didn't have a room with a view, but was only staying one night and wanted to watch my costs. The parking is located under the motel and is a tight fit, but better than parking on the street or paying an exorbatant rate.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great location near Fisherman's wharf	This hotel is in an excellent location, see previous reviews. It was good value for money, with clean, fair sized rooms, usual facilities and very friendly staff. Breakfast is do it yourself, with waffle machines, toasters, microwave as well as a buffet of cereals, fruit and pastries. There are plenty of restaurants/cafes within walking distance, so the fact it has no restaurant does not matter.Price qoted on Trip advisor is much higher than we paid - look on several websites - we did and got about 2/3rds of the quoted price here.We had no car, but public transport (including the famous cable cars) is good, and you can get everywhere you need without a car. Surprisingly quiet for the location.	
Jan 19 2009 	Good Location	The very best thing about this hotel was the location; as has been previously noted, it's just a short walk to Fisherman's Wharf and all the shops, restaurants and bars there. We had a large room with 2 double beds, a wonderful view of the Golden Gate Bridge and tea and coffee making facilities. The room, however, smelt of cigarettes, and we were unable to open the windows to clear it, and the windows and curtains were pretty dirty. Breakfast was adequate, but nothing special, and we found the staff to be pleasant and helpful. All in all, for the price and location, we felt that this was excellent value for money.	
Jan 12 2009 	fantastic view of golden gate	we stayed here for three nights, price of hotel is quite good, we found the location very good. the rooms are clean but a little bit old fashioned. there are great views from the rooms on the higher levels but the windows were very dirty. the staff were ok. we dealt with two different ladies one was quite rude and the other was the opposite and extremely helpful .i would be happy to stay here if i was in san francisco again.	
Dec 28 2008 	Basic but a great stay	Stayed in this hotel for a weekend in March, found the hotel, staff and rooms all fine. Only gripe I had was the charge for the car park which I wasnt told about when I booked, but the charge was probably less than parking on the street. Location of this hotel is great, about 10 mins walk from fishermans wharf, etc. Also easy access for the city centre and airport.  The room, bedding and bathroom were clean with a view of the Golden Gate Bridge. Breakfast was basic and limited seating, but for a budget hotel it was fine. Choice of OJ, tea and coffee, bagels, pastries, toast, muffins (which were delicious) cereals, fruit and waffles (loved those too!)Would recommend the hotel for those who are on a budget or dont mind where they stay. I'd definately return.	
Dec 17 2008 	Don't Stay Here Worst Customer Service Ever	Hotel is average, stuff are rude and unfriendly. Beware hidden costs like charges for safes whether you use them or not. Also they completely rob you with phone charges. Had to make an emergency phone call after my wallet was stolen and they charged $51 for a 2 minute phonecall to an international land line, a rip off by any hotel standards. When asked to justify this extortionate amount, the staff and manager were both rude. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone	
Dec 12 2008 	Comfortable Friendly and good location	The Comfort Inn by the Bay was exactly what we hoped it would be when we booked it. It is well located and the views are wonderful. The staff is extremely friendly, helpful and knowledgable and made our stay there very pleasant. The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable; We really enjoyed are stay here, and will stay here again and again :-)	
Nov 27 2008 	Not good for the lone traveller	Found staff quite unfriendly - agree with other reviews that they certainly did not go out of their way to be of any help- sighs of annoyance were given when I asked for help with making a local call.The room was adequate- but very noisy. Was kept awake by snoring from the room next door- yes the walls are that thin! And then there was the bathrooms being used above and next door- lovely! Plus people going past door at night- the whole place seemed to be badly built for any peace and quiet.Breakfast was adequate- nothing exciting I'm afraid.The cost of the safe- they tried that one on me. Like others I'd signed for my room whilst jet lagged. So on checking out was told I had to pay for safe in room- which I didn't ask for or use. But you signed for it- $1.75 per day plus tax. On reading form, it only stated $1.75 plus tax- which is all I offered them as they were not entitled to charge on a daily rate as it did not stipulate it. I got away with not paying at all as I was right!!As a single traveller this is not a good location for meals out or venturing out on your own. Although roads appeared safe, I didn't feel comfortable being out after dark. There is no restaurant attached to hotel, so you can be at a loss as to where to eat etc. Daily excursions are fine- and you can walk down to the Piers in 15 mins.Would not recommend staying there- unfriendly staff, noisy, average rooms and little nightlife in the surrounding area. Just seemed to be keen to charge you for every little thing.As an extra- they will happily book you a taxi to the airport- and they have an agreement with the firm, so that will also cost you a fortune- about $35 one way. Shuttle buses are excellent value and will cost you $16 each way, door to door.	
Nov 24 2008 	Great place to stay	We stayed at this hotel as first-timers to San Francisco and would highly recommend going back there again.The location on Van Ness avenue is within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf and a cheap bus ride away from the Golden Gate Bridge.What really made our stay great apart from the decent sized room was the staff member called Sharon, who went out of her way to help us organise our daily trips (eg how to get to Golden Gate Bridge for US$1.50 - the bus!!) and provided handy recommendations on possible activities that might interest us.Otherwise, the other staff performed their jobs adequately but were largely indifferent to our requests and questions. These guys could do with some courtesy training, but if you do stay there, make sure you ask for Sharon and you will definitely be looked after.	
Nov 23 2008 	Good hotel	This hotel is really good. It is near Fisherman´s Wharf, the crookedest part of Lombard Street and a CableCar stop. The hotel staff was friendly, the room was big and clean. I recommend this hotel, but if I ever go back to San Francisco I will probably stay near Union Square (where there are more restaurants, shopping...)	
Nov 16 2008 	Great value for money	Stayed here for 6 nights in Nov 2008. We upgraded on arrival (I think $30 plus tax per night) to get a room on a higher floor and with a bay view - definitely worth it. Our room was large with two double beds plus seating area. It was comfortable and always clean. Some of the decor was a bit dated, but I've stayed in far worse 4 star hotels.The hotel is on a busy junction, so it is worth either getting a higher floor or a room at the back. Otherwise, the location is great with buses very close, cable cars 10 mins walk away and Fisherman's Wharf 10-15 mins walk.The breakfast was adequate. I think some people were forgetting it was COMPLIMENTARY and were expecting eggs and bacon freshly cooked every morning. We never had a problem getting a table.Coffee is available all day in the breakfast room.The car park is tight and I was glad I had someone to guide me out. It costs $22 per night but compared to other car parks in SF, it's cheap. BTW, there are Hertz and Avis offices in Fisherman's Wharf only 15 mins walk away.You pay for the safe whether or not you use it. By the way, they don't tell you that they will charge you, they just ask you to initial something when you are cheecking in, tired and jet-lagged.Contrary to the hotel's own website, there is not a computer kiosk for guest use, so if you want to check-in on line for your flight home, there is an internet cafe about 3 blocks along Van Ness which is very cheap.There is a great Italian cafe/restaurant over the road on Lombard - cheap (for SF), fresh food but not licensed for alcohol.This was a cheap hotel to stay in and we got excellent value for money. If you want 5 star, stay in the Ritz Carlton and pay their prices. Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 6 2008 	Scruffy and old with great views	The room was not really clean: mold around the window and in the bathroom, burst curtains, ditry carpet and very old and worn out accommodation. Def. needs a facelift and a cleaning. The staff was kind of rude and we had to pay for the roomsafe, doesn´t matter if we use it or not. Breakfast was kind of ok, but the waitress kept removing the food and plates before the breakfast-hours were over. The maid woke us up around 7a.m. to clean our room and we also spent USD 30 for parking in the hotel garage. So altogehter a dirty and expensive hotel, with bad service but great views on the Golden Gate Bridge. But for us def. a never come back hotel. (One star for the hotel itself, second star for the view)	
Oct 24 2008 	Nice room good value for S.FRAN	Good value for San Francisco.Good location for crookediest street, fishermans wharf and trams. Room was large with a seperate bedroom and a sofa bed in living area, large bathroom had a view of the golden gate bridge. Breakfast was very good make your own waffles,toast, rolls,danish,cheese, fruit, cereals, juices, tea, coffee and more just help yourself. Made a good start to the day. Would definitely stay again. Car park was narrow but glad they had spaces.	
Oct 14 2008	Good value for money	My daughter and I stayed at this hotel for three nights before flying on to Hawaii. I had read previous reviews and was not expecting anything great. We arrived about midday after a ten hour flight from the UK. The reception staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful, from offering to book tours for us to arranging our taxi back to the airport. They offered advice on where to go and how to get there. We had been upgraded to a room on a higher floor with a view to the Golden Gate bridge with two large queen sized beds. The room was a good size and everything was clean. As soon as we had sorted ourselves out we made our way to Fisherman's Wharf which was a short walk down a moderate hill. The next morning we had breakfast and, yes, it was a bit crowded but people were coming and going all the time so you could get a seat or share with someone else. The breakfast was adequate with pastries, eggs, muffins, toast, etc and the coffee was very good. We found this ample to start us off for the day. Beds were very comfy and hotel had supplied shampoo, etc. We thought the area was very good with close proximity to Fisherman's Wharf and glad we picked the hotel. Would recommend the hotel as perfectly adequate, after all you only sleep there! Would stay there again if ever visiting SF again.	
Oct 6 2008 	Nice room great view	First of all, if this is your first trip to SF, pay the extra charge for the upper floor with a view of the Golden Gate Bridge. Even if it's a little foggy, you still have a great view of the surrounding area. The room was a little smaller than other places we stayed on our trip, but was upscale, very clean and extremely comfortable. Being from the midwest, I balked at the price until I researched other rhotels in the area - found it to be reasonably priced in comparison. The view from our 10th floor room was incredible! Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, the ocean, etc. Beautiful! Bus stop one block away. (We walked the three blocks up Lombard to catch the cable car - don't do it....thought I was going to die! Talk about steep!!) Hotel staff was courteous and helpful. Hotel itself was a pleasant stay. However!.....while the car park was secure, it was also ridiculously small. We were driving a Kia and it still took us 2-3 ties to make some of the corners. Anything over a compact car will have a lot of difficulty navigating in there and full-sized vehicles can forget it! And the privilege of parking in this rat maze will cost you $26 per day. But they did let us keep our car there until 4 pm even though we checked out at 11 am.	
Sep 25 2008 	Pretty good and fairly priced	There no good reason not to stay at the Comfort Inn, since it's not bad at all and prices are reasonable for SF. The location itself is great if you want to see the greater SF area.When we arrived we could park our car next to the front door and were able to get the bags out easily (we parked it later).The check-in was fast and although the staff is not a happy bunch, they were courteous enough.The room on the 6th floor had a good view of the Bridge, which we ordered. Ours was at the end of the hall way next to a rather noisy ice machine, which could be heard in the room. It explained the 'do not unplug this machine' sign. I was tempted though.The beds were soft enough, the bath room was clean, but we found a sticky carpet near the window since somebody dropped a soda on it before us. We reported it, but it remained sticky for all three days.Parking in the hotel garage can be a bit challenging if you have anything over a compact. So be prepared.The hotel is in driving distance from scenic Lombard Street and in walking distance from the Bay (without steep hills).We founds lots of restaurants on Chestnut close by, many other motels can be found there as well. And we didn't skip Mel's diner on Lombard for a hearty breakfast.Sure, this place could be better. But the things we encountered were no biggies. We'd choose the Comfort Inn again when we go back to San Francisco. We had three good night's sleep.	
Sep 14 2008 	you get what you pay for!!	we stayed at the comfort inn from 26th aug for 4 nights.....after reading a few of the other reviews i was expecting the worst!! mainly from american reviewers!!! anyway....reception staff i found very friendly, and helpful, the room was on the 9th floor...sadly no golden gate view but hey! your not meant to sit in your room all day!! we had a kingsize bed which was very comfy and the room was clean, i have to agree that when it came to breakfast time you had to be quick to get a seat!! and the choice wasn't great but they had cereals, toast, english muffins!! hard boiled eggs!! and a selection of pastries! the coffee was alot better than some place's that i had paid for it in san fran!! yes it is a very small area for the amount of guests that stay there!! do something about it!! it is in a good location only 15 mins walk downhill!! to the wharf area and onwards to pier 39!! i would advise to get a cab back tho as its all uphill!! it is a great base for a 4/5 day trip.....after being downtown one evening im glad that we stayed away in a quiter area!!	
Aug 28 2008 	Didn't disappoint	A friend and I stayed at this hotel recently and had a wonderful time! Our room was a double and plenty big for two people. We had a wonderful view of Golden Gate Bridge (room 907), were just 2 blocks from the &quot;Crookedest Street,&quot; and were about 6-8 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. All in all, we thought it was a great location. The bus line ran right in front of the hotel, which was really nice.Pros: Friendly staff, clean room, very comfortable beds, good shower pressure, free Internet in the room. Cons: the deluxe continental breakfast left something to be desired. The make-your-own waffles were really good, but the only other things offered were hard boiled eggs, toast, 2 kinds of cereal, a danish (the same kind every day), and fresh apples or oranges. I would have preferred a little more selection, but it was free and probably saved me about $10 a day in breakfast at a restaurant.Otherwise, I was perfectly happy. We didn't have a car to park, which seems to be a big complaint, and ask for an odd-numbered room so you have a decent view. We took the BART and a bus (with all our luggage) to the hotel. Don't recommend that! It was about 5 blocks from the BART to the bus stop—hard to navigate with luggage, and took us 1 1/2 hours to get to the hotel once our plane landed. The hotel offered a shuttle back to the airport for $45 total, so we took that deal for the ride home. It took just 1/2 hour to get us to the airport.I'd stay here again.	
Aug 24 2008	avoid if you want to feel good about your stay in s fran.	The car park is a rat hole and it does not help when you have several large suitcases and stairs to negotiate to the lift.On arrival at check in we had wait while our room was prepared along with about twenty other travelers , there was no where to sit although the open plan dining area was free but no one suggested we could sit there.10 minutes after the check in time late -4pm-we had to insist that we were given a room as we had been waiting so long.The lady on the desk was brusque and treated everyone in the same manner,more like school children than paying guests.The room was adequate but did not feel clean and the windows giving the golden gate bridge view were filthy.The pillows needed tipping in the bin.The breakfast -included in the price, to make up we hoped, for the $26 charge to park per night was not a viable prospect,the toaster was broken,the waffle maker had a queue and no batter in it,the coffee was awful and the staff spent more time putting on tables notes of whom they were, obviously anxious for a tip,rather than refilling the vital breakfast items.We gave up trying to get breakfast.The location was adequate but overrated and there were several down and outs hanging on the corner of the street opposite.	
Aug 23 2008	Average Comfort	I stayed here with my husband and teenage daughter at the end of July for 3 nights as the first stop on our around the world tour.The hotel is convenient for viewing Fishermans' Wharf, the crooked road and to get to trams.The room we were given had a wonderful view of the Golden Gate Bridge and we had no complaints regarding the size or cleanliness.The biggest problem was breakfast time! This only ran until 9.30 and so everyone headed down at 9am arrving at the same time. The breakfast room was just not large enough to hold everyone so there was an &quot;overflow&quot; into the reception area. One morning we ended up eating out there on sofas, hoping that a table would turn up eventually. The breakfast buffet was pleasant enough, but it was a bit of a scramble amongst all the other guests (who'd arrived at the same time!!)Comfort Inn - you need to sort this out with an extension!Anyway, a nice hotel for the price, but head down early for breakfast!!	
Jul 10 2008 	Comfort inn?	Room was TINY for 4 people! The beds particularly were not really big enough for 2 adults!Breakfast was ok although a limited choice of toast or waffles or a few other random bits and bobs.Location was quite good, could walk up the hill for about 2 blocks to the crooked road or down the hill a few blocks and you get to the cable car.Reception were helpful and gave us directions to a great steak house!	
Jun 22 2008 	Ice Vest Needed	This place does have a great view, but what it is lacking is true air conditioning. I stayed in a top floor premier room. The rate is good for San Francisco, but my stay was sheer hell as the temperature never dropped below 80 Fahrenheit even with the curtains closed all day &amp; the air conditioning (so-called) blasting on full all day. Even at dead of night when it was 20F cooler outside I was still sweltering. For anyone with the slightest lack of fitness or any problems of heart or respiration I suspect this could be a mortal concern. The windows no longer open and the nice view is no good if your next holiday check-in is to the nearest hospital. I am here another two nights and hope I survive for the delight of leaving.	
May 22 2008 	A Big Disappointment	After reading all of the reviews, I cannot believe the hotel that we stayed at and the one described in the reviews are the same.Negative points:* Room was tiny! I have stayed in larger rooms in Europe. The bathroom was so small, the open door almost touched the toilet.* We had an inside room facing the wall of the building next to it. So, not only did we not have any room in this room, we also had absolutely no view. It seems from the other reviews that the outside rooms with the view were large and spacious. If you are going to stay in this hotel, I would make sure to ask for one of those rooms and not leave it to chance that you would get a room like ours.* The beds need to be updated. The linens were very old and pilly. And the mattress was lumpy.* I just didn't feel that this was a clean room.* Parking is $26 / day. This didn't really bother me as it is a price to pay for visiting a large city. What I found a problem with is that they said when we returned in the evening there might not be a place for the car and we would have to find alternative parking. Luckily that wasn't the case, but the fact that we had to worry about that was disappointing.* We were told that we would have to pay $2 / day to use the in room safe. That seems unreasonable. Why should we have to pay and how do they know whether we used it or not?* Breakfast only went to 9:30.Good points:* Staff was nice. I was so disappointed in our room that I asked to move. The first night they were completely full so we had no option but to stay in that room. They did offer to move us the second night, but at that point, we had too much stuff to move, so we just stayed where we were.* Shower pressure was good.Overall, I was very disappointed and did not find this worth my money. I would rather have paid more money for a nicer, cleaner hotel. I would not recommend this to a friend or coworker.	
May 17 2008 	Great hotel for the money	We just returned from vacation in northern CA. Comfort Inn by the Bay was a great hotel for the value. It's about a 5-10 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf right by Lombard Street. We had a terrific King suite which was surprisingly spacious. The continental breakfast was a typical breakfast. Staff was outstanding- always helpful with directions and suggestions. Another plus was the overnight parking cost about half of nearby hotels. Overall, we would definitely stay here again.	
May 13 2008 	Great Place to Stay	I recently spent two nights here. The staff were freindly and helpful. The room I choose to stay in did not have a view of the bay. (It was cheaper and I wasn't planning on staying in my room much). The room was on the smaller side but not by much. It was clean and the bed comfortable. I would definately stay here again!	
May 13 2008 	Nice stay great view	Great view of the golden gate bridge (on room 1015). Nice breakfast, everything you can expect from a &quot;Deluxe continental breakfast&quot;. 10 minutes walk to fisherman's warf and many restaurants to walking distance. Free and fast wireless internet.	
May 2 2008	Great Location - wonderful view recommended!	I booked this hotel after researching options via this site (and then becoming somewhat overwhelmed!) - I must admit the Golden Gate Bridge view swayed me. Not the cheapest but I spent many a happy moment gazing out at the view, knowing I was actually in San Francisco!It's a nice, clean and comfortable hotel. Breakfast (if you like cooking your own waffles and hard boiled eggs!) was included but I just took advantage of the coffee. The room had 2 queen beds (doubles) and they also provided a fold out bed for a friend for one night. No bar at the hotel but it's only a few minutes walk down to the Bay. Everything is pretty close in SF.Only quarm was that they tried to charge for the fold out bed for 3 nights rather than 1 so watch that.The view was wonderful!	
Apr 28 2008 	Great Location and View	Overall, our hotel stay was good. It is in a great location, about a 15 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf. The breakfast area was nice with lots of tables, and the food selection ok. The bathroom was pretty small. Be careful of the parking garage. First, the parking fee is $26, and the parking is very tight. We had a minivan, and manauvering was very difficult. Also, there are two flights of stairs from the parking garage to the elevator in the lobby, so you will have to carry up all your luggage. You may want to consider unloading from the street out in front, before parking in the garage. Other than that, we were very happy with our stay, and with the view from out window.	
Apr 28 2008 	Very Satisfied Third Time Returning Guests	We have yet to be disapointed with our stays at this hotel. It offers quality guest services and amenities; reasonable room and parking rates; staff is knowledgeable and provides excellant services to its valued guests.The parking rate is reasonable compared to other hotels in the area. It has not increased from the $26.00 daily rate which was offered last year with its in and out priveleges. Although parking is very limited; it can be quite a challege to park your vehicle depending on how full the parking lot is at the time. The hotels rooms were recently remodeled with newer furniture and choice bedding. The beds presently have feather topper bed covers. We have stayed on different floors during our three stays. Each time we have found our room to be clean and met the needs of our family. Despite the fact that the bathroom is small, it still met our needs.Walls appear to be thin as voices can be heard from your neighbours as we have experienced during our stay(s). During this past stay, we encountered our neighbour's conversations but this could be in part due to our room being an adjoining room.We have chosen this hotel in part to the fact that it allows five to a room which can be hardship when most hotels only allow 4 guests to a room even though some of those guests are children. We also like the idea, that children under the age of 12 years stay free when sharing a room with their parents as this is the norm for the Choice hotel chain.Another concern is that there are 5 family members and that through out our stay, only 4 sets of towels were left in our room for our family to use.We found it odd that despite the hotel be quieter than on our last visit, our room was not cleaned in a timely manner. We left our room at approx. 9:00 a.m. only to find that when we returned at 3:00 p.m., the room was only being cleaned at that time. We found this to be a bit of an inconvience as we had plans in a couple of our hours and needed to change our clothes to prepare for our outing within two hours.The front desk staff is knowledgeable about the San Francisco area and gladly assists its guests with their requests. We found this to be true on each of our visits especially when it came to using the transit system. This hotel offers a complimentary breakfast daily with a good variety of hot and cold items. The staff that maintains the breakfast should be rewarded for their excellant service. They continually ensure that items are always on hand, dishes are available and that the tables are clean for the guests of the hotel.The location of this hotel is close to many areas of interest: Fisherman's Wharf, Ghirardelli Square and Lombard Street and are all within a 15 minute walk from the hotel. If wanting to visit other areas such as Chinatown and AT&amp;T park, transit stops are close by within a few blocks of the hotel.We made reservations for a room located on the middle floors. After making our reservation, we had an inquiry and contacted the hotel. It was during the course of our conversation, that the front desk reservation staff discovered that we were returning guests to the hotel and due to the hotel having vacancies on the upper floors, much to our surprise the staff decided on its own to upgrade our room to a full view room located on the 10th floor in appreciation that we were returning guests at no extra cost to us.The Comfort Inn By The Bay has yet to disappoint us during our stay(s) and we highly recommend this hotel to anyone that will be visiting San Francisco.	
Apr 26 2008 	Made Our Stay a Great One!	A REAL hotel (not a noisy motor lodge) with excellent friendly staff, a comfortable lobby, a convenient free lite-breakfast buffet, and a super location near Fisherman's Wharf (but away from the noise and bustle), and close to public transportation. Do yourself a BIG favor and book an odd-numbered room on a high floor. The expansive view from your own room of the Golden Gate Bridge and the Marin Highlands and the Bay full of boats and windsurfers will be one of the highlights of your trip--and the upgrade will cost you less than most tours. Another good investment is a multi-day public transportation pass, useable on all trolleys and buses (available at the trolley stop at Beach &amp; Hyde. Pay $3 more for a map of the system.) DO use the buses and trolleys to take you UP the hills. Our favorite places: Muir Woods, Coit Tower (check out the view and WPA murals), the Ferry Terminal (full of cafes, bread, wine, cheese and chocolate shops), the Maritime Museum on Hyde St. Pier (go down into the Balclutha and see how the Captain and the poor Chinese sailors lived), North Beach (great restaurants and cafes), the trolley rides, and, yes, the sea lions on Pier 39. Skip Chinatown. Have Fun!	
Apr 21 2008 	Comfort Inn by the Bay	I recently had a four night stay at the Comfort Inn by the Bay and was very pleased with the quality of the accomodations for the price. The hotel is situated on Van Ness and is approximately a 15 minute walk from the wharf, so it was a good starting point for seeing the wharf, alcatraz, ghiradelli square, and Lombard. It is near a few bus lines, which we used to go to a baseball game, and within a ten minute walk or so of the cable cars. We did find that it is far enough from the BART station that a cab is required to take public transport to the airport, however (although there may be a bus that runs there). The rooms were very clean, and the interior decorations (bedspreads, carpets, etc) seemed fairly new. The only downside to the room was the bathroom. The tub/shower and toilet were in separate room (vanity on the outside) that was extremely cramped and the tub/shower curtains, etc. could have used an update. Other than that, we were very pleased with the accomodation for the price (we also had a great view of the golden gate bridge from our window) and enjoyed the free breakfast. The only other thing I would mention is that while there were a few places to eat near the hotel, the areas that had a lot of restaurants and nightlife were at least a 10-15 minute walk, which might be a consideration if you tend to stay out late and would like to be able to walk back to the hotel.	
Feb 19 2008 	Fantastic Hotel!!	This is probably one of the nicest hotels I've had the pleasure to stay in for a very long time! Its been recently renovated and beautifully done. We stayed on the 10th floor with a fantastic view of the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge. It was a quiet and beautiful room with refrigerator and trouble free internet service. Its a great location near Fishermans Wharf and buses run by frequently so no car is needed to travel this city! Don't forget to check out Cafe Lombard thats located right across the street from the hotel. Best italian food I've had in a long time and they do serve breakfast til 11 a.m.Comfort Inn by the Bay gets my top rating in first class accommodations, value, professional staff and overall friendliness!	
Feb 12 2008 	Great Location!	This was my first trip to San Francisco - and I wanted a hotel near enough to major attractions, within easy reach of public transportation, but not in the heart of a highly touristy area. Comfort Inn By the Bay was perfect! Located at the corner of Van Ness and Lombard Streets, it's on the bus line, walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf and only 3 blocks from the Powell-Hyde Cable Car line (uphill all the way, but definitely worth it). The cable car stop at Powell and Lombard is at the top of the &quot;World's Crookedest street&quot; - a must see! If the climb up doesn't take your breath away, the view at the top will. Like all Comfort Inns, there's a free breakfast buffet with make-your-own waffles, cereal, danish, toast, muffins, fresh fruit, juice, coffee &amp; tea. Not a huge selection, but enough to get you started. The selection doesn't change, so it could get boring if you were there for more than a couple of days running. Staff was friendly, helpful and came up with a great local restaurant suggestion for Thai food within walking distance. We would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 9 2008 	good stay	If you are on a budget the Hotel is fine bathroom are a little small but the room was clean. Be carefull they do charge 26$ for parking daily wich I was not aware of.	
Jan 24 2008 	Friendly staff and good location	Really enjoyed my stay! The staff was very friendly and helped out however they could. Their was a large group of Australian teenagers staying on &quot;holiday&quot; when we were there, but the staff helped us get the parking garage by opening a secret door every morning when we were leaving. The breakfast is nothing to write home about, muffins, waffles, english muffins, fruit, pastries, and juice, but the waffles were good. The rooms were nice, not large, but not tiny. I opted not to pay extra for a bayside room since I was working all day and did not get to enjoy the view. One of the other people in my group did stay in one of the bay rooms and I would recommend it if you are on vacation.My only complaints would be:1. 29.65 for parking, good god! I would suggest not getting a car if you are staying in the bay area because public transportation works fine to get around.2. One of the elevators kept breaking, which was a headache in the morning.I would stay here again if I am in San Fran.	
Jan 14 2008 	Great Location / fantastic views	Had done the usual research before booking, so i knew what to expect. Picked this hotel because of Location, Parking, Views (i did my research on google earth with the buildings :-) ) and Price.Our flight was delayed by 5 hours. Arrived at midnight and the staff were very helpful. Room was big, beds were good. Generally a little out dated but clean. Admittedly, the outside windows needed a little clean but didn't spoil the views. And we had a dodgy vent on the window. Once we opened it, we had to call for reception to close it.We paid for a Deluxe - Panoramic Bay View Room with 2 queens. We were given the room right next to the elevator, but we hardly heard any noise from the lifts for the 4 nights there.Breakfast was good. Good selection of food, cereal, toast, croisants etc, which was included in the price.The location is excellent. We hired a car. Parked in the lot below for last night before we set off to yosemite. Now, it was my first time in an american car, so the car was huge... but even now looking back, that car park was really tight for parking. Limited space, lift to main floor. But generally good and safe.All in all, i would book there again.	
Dec 28 2007 	Great locations/ views	If you want to tour San Francisco by yourself this is a great location, Central to Muni transportation at Van Ness and Lombard, within easy (downhill)walking distance to Fishermans Wharf. I have stayed in San Francisco many times, and this hotel offers up the best views of the Golden Gate bridge, ask for upper rooms with odd numbers.We stayed on the 10th floor. Hotel has reasonable parking rates, great staff.	
Nov 10 2007 	Good location	This was a great hotel as far as location. It was about a 15-20 min walk down to Fisherman's Wharf so you were close to the sights without all the tourist traffic. It was also easy if you wanted to go some place by car because it was located at 2 major junctions. Not that many restaurants close by but we weren't bothered by that because we were usually out and about for our meals. If you do have a car, you have to pay for parking which was $20 something a night. A bonus is that you are only about 4 blocks away from the &quot;crookest&quot; street-Lombard. Also, we paid extra for a room with a bridge view. A bit disappointed with that because even though we were on the 3rd floor, I didn't the view was all that. I think a higher floor would have been better. The room was huge and there were 2 queen beds, bonus! One unfortunate thing was that we were assigned a smoking room and we aren't smokers. All and all, i thought it was good value for money.	
Nov 8 2007	Make sure you have good security!	We booked this hotel because we knew the area was in a good tourist spot. The stay was okay, older appliances and some things weren't as good as thought. The last night of our 3 day stay our car got broken into in their gated garage, with cameras. If you stay here make sure you don't pay to leave your car in their garage. Turn it in and save money on rental and parking. They were less than friendly with our cituation and hardly helped us out. We're still working out the damage costs and loss to us.	
Nov 5 2007 	Bring your own can of Raid!!	This was the 4th time I have stayed at this hotel in the last 7 years. I chose it because it has a great location for tourist spots although there aren't many places to eat around there. The hotel doesn't have a restaurant but they do have a breakfast area. I decided to book myself and 2 colleagues here because it was budget friendly and I knew the locale and as we were on business we had a tight budget. What a disappointment this turned out to be. I paid extra for a view of the bridge, my friends didn't and they got a view of a parking lot. The wall in my room was covered with mildew as were the curtains but then again so were my friend's rooms. The room seemed clean enough but on the second day I was there I noticed about a dozen or so tiny tiny bugs crawling all over the flush tank of my toilet. I called to the front desk at 7 am when I noticed them and asked them to send someone up to check it out, I had to call again at 8 am and at 9 am I went out to the hallway and found the housekeeper. I told her what the problem was and she said she had it on her board to do. She also said she couldn't spray the room until I left. I was at meetings all that day and with a major conference in the city couldn't get another hotel to go to. I also didn't want to separate from my colleagues. I did leave the room and was gone for 5 hours. When I came back, my room still hadn't been touched. I called the front desk and asked to speak with the manager and was told he was helping someone else but would call me back within 5 minutes. I waited almost 1/2 hour and eventually went downstairs to the lobby. I didn't want to discuss this in front of other guests but was really pushed to do so. The manager was apalled and said this was the first he'd heard of it. He assured me the room would be done immediately and the bathroom would be sprayed. He couldn't tell me what these creatures were. I had an event that evening and when I came back at 1 am I noticed they were still there and still as many of them as when I left earlier in the day. I called downstairs and at 2 am I had to pack up my things and move to another room. I checked out that following morning. When I mentioned to the front desk staff she said it was my fault because I had eaten a banana in the room the day before and these were fruit flies. I actually work in the Health Dept. and explained to her that fruit flies need more than 12 hours to incubate and that fruit flies fly, these little critters were crawling and weren't even near the garbage can that I had used. The staff at the front desk were less than helpful with things I needed (ie FedEx form for a package I needed to send). I was so paranoid about bringing something home with me that I emptied my suitcase in the garage and even the new sweaters etc. that I bought I washed and dried immediately before I would bring them into the house. This was the worst treatment I have ever received. I only signed on to this site so I could warn others what this place is really like. The pictures must be years old and really do not represent what this hotel is really like. Stay away, it isn't worth your hard earned money or the grief of wondering if you caught something.	
Oct 30 2007 	Average Hotel	My husband,myself and two family members from England stayed at this hotel from October19th -22nd, we flew directly from Vancouver to San Francisco ,we arrived at the hotel ( at noon) well before the check-in time of 4 p.m, our rooms were not ready so they suggested we leave our luggage with them and return around 3 p.m. as our rooms should be ready by then . We took a walk ,had some lunch and returned at 3 pm,I booked this trip at least 4 months before taking it so I thought the requests I had made would be honored.We asked upon booking the trip for both rooms to be either facing the city or the bay and neither were,that was dissapointing as the view from both rooms on the 4th floor were facing an apartment building, we had also requested one of the two rooms be a smoking room, we were told they did not have one available and that if anyone smoked in that room there would be a hefty charge added on to our credit card.No big deal, as we weren't in the room much other than to sleep so we went outside if we wanted to have a smoke. The room itself was not bad, comfy bed, lots of pillows,decent size television, the bathroom however was not the greatest, it was tiny and no window and no fan? I thought that was odd, plenty of hot water and a nice size tub so that was a plus. There was internet available to patrons for free in the breakfast room but a sign was posted on it saying it wasn't working- when I asked at the front desk about when it may be available to use they were unable to tell me ,just got a lot of hmmm? I am not sure.......it was still not available come monday afternoon. There is a pop/juice machine on each floor, after a long day of walking around the city we went back to our room for a break and to get ready to go out for dinner- walked down to the pop machine to get a drink and a sign was posted-out of order, no problem- hopped the elevator to another floor and the same thing there - out of order-after trying 3 floors I gave up - walked across the street to the store and purchased some drinks.The breakfast room was pretty good - a good assortment of fresh fruit,danish,muffins,hard boiled eggs ,tea,coffee,juice and waffles,never had a problem finding a table to eat at but after 8am it got quite busy.We saw alot of the city in 4 days - Alcatraz is amazing , Fisherman's Wharf was also a fave -- so much going on there and some great food available - we really liked eating at Nick's Lighthouse , the seafood there was awesome. Rented a car and drove to Napa and Sonoma valley - went to a winery called Rosso &amp; Bianco, it is owned by Francis Ford Coppola and it was absolutely amazing ! You could sit on the terrace and have lunch,or for $10 you could do a little wine sampling which was nice , the gardens are well kept and so pretty .We also did the double decker bus tour in the evening for $15 a person ,well worth it as we were able to get some fantastic pictures - a great way to see the city! I would definately go back as 4 days was just not enough to see everything, however - I would try a different hotel next time , the people running this hotel didn't seem to really know what they were doing . feel free to contact me at debrab60@hotmail.com if u have any questions.	
Oct 27 2007 	Loved Fisherman's Wharf	We were quite happy with this hotel although we did not realise before we arrived that there was no restaurant. Breakfast was good and an easy walk or bus ride down to Fisherman's Wharf which we loved. The staff were very friendly and helpful and luckily for us the weather was just perfect! The trip to Yosemite was awesome. (We were travelling from New Zealand)	
Oct 24 2007 	No frills honeymoon in SFO	My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon. Had a 10th floor room with a bay/bridge view. Room had in-room fridge and safe. Worth the extra $20 bucks or so a night if you are staying for multiple nights. The bridge view is great, but the bay view is just ok because some developer built a couple matching eyesores that block most of the view of Alcatraz. Speaking of Alcatraz, you can still see the lighthouse and it is bright enough to shine into the room at night--not in an annoying, keep you awake kind of way, but a hey, that's Alcatraz kind of way. Excellent access to public transportation and walking distance to the junk filled shops of Fisherman's Wharf. The breakfast area is very busy in the morning, so get down there by 7:45 or be prepared wait for a table to eat. Pretty good breakfast--make your own waffles, boiled eggs, cereal, bagels, apples, oranges, etc.	
Oct 22 2007 	Walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf	This was our first stop on a 2 week trip to northern California. The first 2 nights we had a room facing another tall building, but the next 2 nights we upgraded to a Bay view room with a fantastic vista including the Golden Gate bridge and Alcatraz island. They let us store our luggage in their office while we continued our touring of the City.The included continental breakfast was better than most mid-range hotels. Three of the four front desk staff that we talked with were VERY helpful in providing directions, suggesting restaurants, reimbursing us for lost money in the soda machine, etc. The 4th clerk acted like he hated his job - so we avoided talking with him.It is good that we did not yet have a car, because parking in the hotel's basement garage is very expensive. But when we picked up our rental car to start on the remainder of our vacation, the staff let us park for free while we loaded our luggage.The famous twisted road on Lombard Street is only 3 blocks from the hotel - but it is like walking up a cliff at almost a 30% slope! We learned that the frequent buses on Van Ness Avenue in front of the hotel will get you almost anywhere in the City with ease, and for only $1.50. Definitely worth it to save your legs on the hills.	
Oct 22 2007 	Thought it a Shabby Hotel In Need of Renovation	This place is old and desperately in need of renovation. There was no refrigerator, nor microwave. Our toilet seat was broken. The windows are screwed shut and can't be opened. Our courtyard view was in reality no courtyard, but plants planted along the street.Sad to say, they have a great location, but need to spend monies on renovation.The internet photos aren't representative of the run down condition of the rooms, hallways, etc.	
Oct 22 2007	Cheap and cheerlful	&quot;We're not a full service hotel.&quot; said the man on the desk. As long as you keep that in mind you'll be happy. Good location, basic rooms, but a good size and some with views of the Bridge. Breakfast is included, but the breakfast rooms got very busy at times.Would rather stay elsewhere, but for the money this one wasn't too bad.	
Oct 15 2007 	Perfect Stay	I didn't know what to expect when I booked this hotel, but I was very pleased with my stay here. I booked the cheapest price I could find on their website and it was a smoking room. I do not smoke and have asthma so I was a little worried. When I got to the room, it was very clean and no trace of smoking anywhere. The hotel overall smelled and looked clean. It is a great location, Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf hotels look like they would be too noisy in my opinion. This hotel is only three blocks from the bay! Close to all public transportation. The breakfast is so-so but enough to get you going and to not worry about finding a place for breakfast. The staff was pleasant and friendly. They helped me find my way around. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. I would stay here again.	
Sep 28 2007 	Great Location!	While traveling down the PCH from Bellingham, WA to San Diego, CA we made reservations for and stayed at the Comfort Inn By the Bay in San Francisco for two nights.Other than having to pay an additional $26 per night for parking, we enjoyed our stay. The hotel was within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf but also right on the MUNI line for those not wishing to walk (we use the MUNI to return to the hotel after an exhausting day of touring the city).	
Sep 26 2007	Great Find	Great place to stay on a budget. Clean rooms helpfull staff.easy walk to Fishermans Wharf / pier 39	
Sep 24 2007 	Good value and service	Comfort Inn By The Bay - San Francisco: &quot;Good Value&quot;Reviewer: James Lam, SingaporeJust came back after four days' stay in Comfort Inn. The location is very convenient with many buses plying along Van Ness Ave. You can practically go to any part of San Francisco by bus. The room was ready when we arrived at 12 noon which was very convenient. It was very clean with white bath towels and bed sheets. Two complaints (water flow of the bath tub and toilet flushing system) were fixed quickly to our satisfaction. However, we did not tell them that the heating system was not working (maybe it's still summer).The complimentary breakfast was good and adequate. Hot waffles and fresh fruits are welcome items at any hotel breakfasts. Sharon at the front desk provided excellent service. She provided information on tourist sites, what bus to take, what bus tickets to buy and even gave us a bus guide.Will definitely stay in this hotel on our next visit to San Francisco.	
Sep 18 2007	Just OK	This is a high rise (11 floors) hotel a block from Lombard Street (the crooked street) and an easy walk to Chinatown. We were on the top floor, but the traffic noise was still pretty loud. The room was adequate, but certainly not spacious. The breakfast room was large, but very crowded. (They should have five or six wafflemakers, not one or two.) All in all, an OK hotel but nothing to write home about.	
Sep 17 2007 	good value !	Just returned from San Francisco, We picked the Comfort Inn on price and location. We were not dissapointed, The hotel is clean and staff were very friendly. We had a room to the back of the hotel, no view but no noise, slept like a log for the three nights! I would recommend researching the transport system and using it! its a fair climb up lombard!	
Sep 12 2007 	An excellent base from which to explore San Francisco	When it came to booking accommodation in San Francisco it became clear hotels are generally pretty expensive there. I used TripAdvisor to research and eventually whittled it down to the Comfort Inn by the Bay as:the price was good (I booked using HotelPronto.com and paid about £80 per night for the room including complimentary breakfast).The hotel was pleasant enough. The rooms were clean and quite large. I asked for a room on a higher floor, as the hotel is on the junction of Van Ness Avenue and Lombard Street so quite a lot of traffic. I was given room on 9th floor which was fine and noise wasn't a problem at all. Some rooms have a view of the Golden Gate Bridge - mine didn't but I didn't bother paying to upgrade (glad I didn't as fog would have obscured the bridge most of the time anyway).Location was very good, about a 10 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf (walk back took a bit longer as mostly uphill). A few bus services stop on Van Ness very near to the hotel and these make it easy to get to Fishermans Wharf or into the city itself.Breakfast was okay - but the room did get pretty crowded and cramped.Staff were very friendly and helpful at this hotel and I would definitely consider staying there again.	
Sep 5 2007 	Nice Room Checked Out Early	We rented a King Suite at the hotel and used the parking garage.The King Suite was big and provided plenty of room for three travelers. We could see the golden gate bridge from our room.The bathroom was big; however, the shower temperature was never hot - just warm.The sleep was terrible - the bed was comfortable, but all the traffic noise kept us up the whole night.The breakfast was not good - the coffee was bad (walk up Van Ness and you can go to local coffee shop), the food was dry - and the waffle maker had line of guest waiting to use it.The parking garage is $26 per day, not stay. So, if you spend just one night - you pay $52 plus tax.We ended up checking out after one day. We were originally going to stay for 3 days.	
Sep 4 2007 	Functional	Nothing to really get too excited about. The room was very clean and the breakfast was ok. It was in a great location - about 10 minutes walk to the Wharf. We found the parking bays to be limited and very small (we had a People Carrier and struggled to get in and out). The only complaint was that there wasn't enough room in the dining area, people were eating cereal in the hotel lobby!	
Aug 31 2007 	great location good price!	We stayed here for 4 nights in August, after looking at a bunch of different hotels on tripadvisor. We selected this one based on the positive reviews, the price and most of all the location!We had a double room, with bridge view. The Golden Gate bridge isn't exactly very nearby, but it was clearly visible from our window. Very nice. The street below was a bit noisy, but not in a disturbing way. We slept very well all nights.The hotel is within walking distance (downhill) of the Fisherman's Wharf area. If you're not too tired and in ok shape, it takes about 15 minutes to get there. There is also a busstop not far from the hotel, and with the excellent public transportation (get a MUNI passport!), you could anywhere easily.Breakfast is cool - you make your own waffles! Additionally there's hot or cold cereal, bagels, muffins, juices, fruit, coffee/tea/cocoa. Nothing incredibly fancy, and not everything is very healthy perse, but it fills the stomach! Parking is a bit expensive - $26 + tax per night, however, it is in a sealed, secure parking garage underneath the hotel. You're not guaranteed a spot though. I'm not sure if it makes a difference, but we arrived on a monday, and had no trouble finding an empty spot. Once in, leave your car there for the whole stay, and use public transportation. It prevents frustration :)All in all, we'd definitely come back again!	
Aug 27 2007 	Great location and value	We stayed at the Comfort Inn by the Bay in June this year and found the hotel excellent value for money. The location was great if you wanted to see all the attractions at Fishermans Wharf and there was a bus stop just a couple of yards up the road if you wanted to travel downtown. The guy on the front desk was really brilliant, he gave us some part used Muni passes for free which came in very useful. The front desk staff were all really helpful with tourist info etc. and very friendly. There are not a lot of pubs nearby for a night time unless you want to walk to Fishermans Wharf but the buses run 24/7 so travelling 10mins to downtown or fishermans wharf was not a problem. When visiting S F you have to experience the cable cars, they are a great fun experience, but do have the most miserable drivers I have come across, having travelled all over the world. We found them rude and unhelpful, not a good advert for S F tourism. If you go downtown, stop off at Lefty O,Doules, right next to the Handlery Hotel off Union Square. Great entertainment cheap food and possibly one of the best barmen in the world.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great place to stay on a moderate budget	We were looking for a comfortable, clean hotel in the Fisherman's Wharf area that also included a free breakfast, and we found it in Comfort Inn by the Bay. The room was on the 7th floor, was very quiet, and was large enough for the two of us. The free breakfast was a tremendous asset and we looked forward to beginning our day at the breakfast buffet. The waffles, cereal, bagels, English muffins, hard boiled eggs, and banana nut muffins were very satisfying. Fruit, coffee and juice were also included. We would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 21 2007 	Mark (at front desk) was exceptional!	I can only echo what others have said about this property. Customer service was outstanding -- Mark, at the front desk, gave us much personal attention and advice, and even gave us partly-unused Muni Passes when we were hurrying to catch bus 47 for our Alcatraz tour. We paid a bit extra for a top-floor room to take advantage of the bay and bridge views. The view is grand (although the bridge was a bit further away than I expected), but the windows could have used a good washing. The room had average motel-type furnishings, and the bathroom was very small, but everything was clean and the housekeeping staff was very nice. The breakfast room was very crowded, (the hotel was full) and finding a table for the four of us was quite a feat. Breakfast was quite substantial and kept us going for a good part of the day, though a little more protein and less starch might have been a good idea. I'm not sure this establishment offers a good value for the rates charged, but San Francisco hotels (unfortunately) seem to be uniformly overpriced.	
Aug 15 2007 	Good location average hotel don't pay extra for the bridge view	My family of 5 stayed here for 3 nights earlier this month and were generally satisfied. The location at Lombard and Van Ness is very easy to get to and walking distance from Fisherman's wharf. We took the #30 bus to a Giants game. Hotel rooms are very average with small bathrooms. We had a family of 5 with 2 double beds plus a rollaway and it was tight but not a problem. Don't pay extra for a higher floor with a view of the bridge - it is not that good a view. The parking garage is very small and difficult to maneuver but we got our minivan in and out repeatedly. Go early to breakfast - it gets very crowded during the last hour from 8:30-9:30.	
Aug 9 2007 	Wonderful stay in the city by the bay!!	Me and my mother stayed at the Comfort Inn By The Bay while on vacation in San Francisco. We were very impressed with this hotel. The breakfast was great. Our room was perfect. The beds were very comfortable. Our room view of the Golden Gate Bridge was beautiful and they were so helpful when we needed something or needed directions. The hotel is in a great vicinity in relation to where the &quot;touristy&quot; places are; ie: Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, Ghirardelli Square..just hop on bus 47 and it takes you there!When we go back to SF, we will DEFINITELY stay here again!!! Loved it!! Great for a budget vacation!!!	
Aug 8 2007 	good location for budget conscious	My family of five stayed here for 3 nights beginning August 1. The hotel is located at Van Ness and the famous Lombard Street. From here, Fisherman's Wharf is very walkable, and it is right on the bus line. No car needed, but read further.Staff was very courteous and helpful. Breakfast was standard, and the rooms were somewhat small but clean and orderly. The only issue was that we had confirmed a rollaway bed thru the hotel website, but the staff said that these accomodations should be made directly with the hotel. Thus, we had to make do without.Cafe Lombard (italian) right across the street is a fine place to dine; don't expect 5 star service, and there is no wine or booze.We looked into a bus trip to Muir Woods, but the fare for five was too much, so we looked into renting a car for the day. We opted for City Rental, and it proved to be an excellent choice. They bring the car to you, it's cheap, and it is an easy drive over the Golden Gate and beyond.For a neat inexpensive lunch and people watching experience, try Tait's on Fishermans Wharf. (No credit cards).Would stay at this hotel again, but would look into others as well.	
Aug 8 2007 	Did the job	This hotel was booked via a travel agent for a first time visit to the US and to San Francisco.The room was comfortable and perfectly adequate. We hadn't booked a room with a view, but it didnt' matter as we were out and about every day. The Comfort Inn is nice and handy to everything. We walked to Ghiradelli Square and Fishermans Wharf, and it was very easy to catch the Muni bus on Van Ness to just about anywhere. It was a handy location for tour bus pickup.The staff were friendly and helpful with great tips like getting to breakfast early and where to find certain shops.I did have a couple of minor issues. It was great to have coffee in the room, but would have rather had a little container of UHT milk instead of powdered whitener. Also, at the conclusion of my stay, I needed to get three bags plus my baby daughter to the street to catch a shuttle, and I was alone, so could have really done with a bell hop!Otherwise I would be happy to recommend this hotel to those looking for something clean and comfortable that basically gets the job done.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great Family Hotel for 5!	We are a family of 5 (3 teenage daughters) and have a hard time finding a decent hotel that we only need one room at a decent price. This hotel was great. Nice clean room, good breakfast, friendly staff. Walking distance to Lombard street, Cable Cars, Pier 39. You have to pay for parking but it was worth it. The day we checked out, we were allowed to leave our vehicle in the garage until we were ready to leave San Francisco. Overall a great place to stay with families!	
Aug 2 2007 	Wonderful Customer Service	The Comfort Inn by the Bay was a great place to stay. The entire staff -- from housekeeping to the front desk -- was friendly, helpful and extremely courteous. I had a &quot;Bridge View&quot; room (rather than a &quot;Garden View&quot; room) which looked out over Lombard Street and if not for the fog, would have had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge. The room was nothing special (and the bathroom was very small) but it was immaculate. The hotel website states that rooms have a desk, but that's not accurate. The room had no desk, but only a very small round table. High speed internet access was available at no charge. I was there on a business trip, so I would have preferred a real desk, but everything else was so pleasant that I wasn't bothered by the lack of a proper work space. Parking in San Francisco is difficult and pricey, and parking at the Comfort Inn by the Bay is no exception. The hotel has a very small number of parking spaces available for guests in an underground garage at a rate of $26 plus tax per day. The garage is very small and difficult to manuever. I had a small car, so parking was manageable, but I think a large car or truck would have some difficulty. Overall, my stay was very pleasant and I will probably book a room there again in the future.	
Jul 31 2007 	Not great !!	Staff friendly enough. Breakfast buffet was a free-for-all as to whether you could get seated or not. Not a great choice of fare on offer.'by the Bay' stretching a point somewhat as a fair walk to get by the Bay !Not many eateries close to hand - we were advised to catch a bus !View from room was straight at a wooden wall of the building next door - is this special treatment for Brits? Still only there 3 nights - wouldn't want to stop any longer.San Fran worth visiting - be prepared for hills - or long wait for trams.Alcatraz was very thought provoking and should be a definite on anybody's list of to do things. It's how prisons should be - a punishment not a holiday camp !!	
Jul 8 2007 	Good location middling hotel	The Comfort Inn is located on a busy stretch of the 101 as it turns from Van Ness Ave onto Lombard Street and heads towards the Golden Gate Bridge. From our room on the 9th floor you could see (through dirty windows) the Golden Gate Bridge and a partial view of Alcatraz. Reception was polite,though not friendly, and the room was basic, clean but not especially nice. Don't think that being high up means no street noise- it seemed to be coming through the air con, so perhaps round the back of the hotel would be best for light sleepers? In addition the walls were quite thin, but luckily we had reasonably quiet neighbors.Parking is $28; if you have a large vehicle use the lot at the side; it didn't fill up while we were there. The hotel seems to attract coach parties; there wasn't a day when there wasn't a coach outside when we were there. This added to chaos at breakfast; finding a seat was nearly impossible, and choice was acceptable,if a little stodgy. The breakfast staff were militant about clearing away the room: if you arrive 5 minutes before breakfast ends that is too late! They seemed to forget that a hotel stands or falls by the service it provides its guests. The location seemed fairly safe at night and it is only a 25 minute brisk walk to Fisherman's Wharf or a very steep hill climb to reach the trolley stop at the summit of Lombard St, where the wiggly road is.For the price, if you keep expectations low, it is an acceptable place to stay but could be so much better with just a little TLC and a hospitality course.	
Jul 5 2007 	Spectacular fireworks	We actually stopped by the motel six months ago to reserve one of the top floor rooms for the 4th of July fireworks. This is one of the few establishments which will guarantee requests. Because of the holiday traffic and tremendous number of visitors in town, we had to pay the rack rate of $179 + 14% tax, and $26 a night for parking + tax. This is a bit steep but the &quot;in your face&quot; double fireworks easily compensated. Good walkers will appreciate the location of the motel, as the Cannery and Ghiradelli Square are within 15 minutes or less.A number of restaurants were closed on the 4th so the challenge of finding a good place to eat became even greater. Union Street has the greatest number of eateries. Good bar scene at Perry's, the watering hole popular during the 60's. We settled on the very popular Betelnut, seven blocks down Union St., an Asian restaurant which offers good value and a vibrant ambiance.There are a few problems which you may wish to note so that your own experiences won't be hindered. For example, the bathroom sign to recycle towels or room notice not to change sheets remain ignored. All four sets of towels were replaced and all sheets were changed. Then there is the parking issue. Getting into the secure garage is fine. You announce your arrival in a speaker, and the gate rises. Exiting is a different story. The gate remained down despite having checked out. After 10 minutes, someone went around to the entrance and used the arrival speaker to get the desk to respond.The rooms are bright and the beds are very comfortable. I'm sure that someday the management will do something about worn carpets and soiled chairs. Until then, this is clearly a three-circle experience, but one which we will gladly repeat.	
Jun 23 2007 	A Handy Base	The Comfort Inn was just what I expected: clean, basic accomodation, a good base for exploring San Francisco.The staff were polite and happy to answer questions about the area, there are bus stops close by and the cable car stops at the crooked part of Lombard - 2 blocks away.The breakfast was nice - especially the waffles. I thought the choice was slightly limited and the room did get quite crowded but it was free, so can't complain.I would reccommend this place to anyone on a budget, looking to travel to San Francisco.I have also posted my trip report in the San Francisco Forum, if anyone is interested.	
Jun 21 2007	Absolutely wonderful	We just spent a week staying at the Comfort Inn by the Bay in San Francisco. We had never been to San Francisco so was not sure where would be the best place to stay. I noticed on the web that Comfort Inn offered views of the Golden Gate Bridge and Bay plus reviews stated that it was within walking distance of many areas. That was our motivation for selecting Comfort Inn and we were extremely happy that we did! Our room was on the 7th floor and we definitely had a great view--got some wonderful pictures of the bridge &amp; bay from our room. Our room was spacious and very nice. The breakfast buffet was definitely a plus! They have 3 waffle machines which prevents having to wait long to get a waffle. They also have bagels, boiled eggs, danish, cereal, juice, coffee (24 hrs/day), and muffins. It offers a nice variety without the problem of having to go somewhere else &amp; pay for breakfast.It was about a 3 block walk to get to the bay area and then we were able to walk along the bay which was a very beautiful stroll to fisherman's wharf. There are shops all along the bay and many of them had cheaper prices than the stores located at Pier 39. We bought a Muni pass so were able to ride the Muni buses (a stop is located extremely close to Comfort Inn) as well as ride the Cable Cars as often as needed. Thoroughly enjoyed the conveniece of the Muni pass!One of the best sites to see is to do the Alcatraz tour. That was extremely informative and well done. The hotel is within walking distance of Lombard Street (the crooked street) but it is an uphill walk. We took the cable car which stops at the top of the street and then was able to walk down, take several pictures, and then walked back up to catch the cable car. We could have walked down a couple of blocks and caught the other Cable Car line. While there we also did several tours through Gray Line. They pick up at the hotel. We did the following tours: city, bay cruise, Muir Woods, Monterey &amp; Carmel 17 mile, and Yosemite. We enjoyed being able to see more of the area through the tours. We did not have a car and did not need one.Completely enjoyed our vacation in San Francisco and would definitely stay at Comfort Inn by the Bay again.	
Jun 21 2007 	good base	Just back from a 3 night stay in the comfort inn by the bay.we found location satisfactory,good for wharf and pier 39.All MUNI transport close by.Good big breakfast bar lots of choices.Staff polite.Over all we found the hotel clean and good value for price,area good as we had two teenagers with us.Mels diner a few blocks down from hotel on Lombard,good burgers etc.N.B if staying for a few days buy the 3 day pass for muni on any tram or bus as it will pay for itself very quickly.	
Jun 2 2007 	a great and convenient value	When I had the opportunity to go to San Francisco last summer, I decided to stay where I had stayed 5 years earlier: at the Comfort Inn by the Bay. The hotel was great. My room had a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge. It was clean and nicely furnished. The hotel staff was very good in helping me negotiate my way around San Francisco on public transportation and in setting up a tour to Muir woods. They havd expanded their breakfast buffet and it was fantastic. I will stay there again. This is not a luxury hotel but is exactly what familites and older tourists are looking for.	
May 20 2007 	Great Location Clean Updated Rooms Good Value	We stayed at the Comfort Inn by the Bay last week and were pleasantly surprised. We usually stay at higher-end hotels, but this time we just wanted a bed and bath since we'd be spending most of our time seeing the sights. We'll we couldn't believe what $130 a night got us at this prime location (AAA rate). The hotel is only blocks from Fisherman's Wharf and the less crowded, cable car turnaround. We were in easy walking distance to plenty of very nice restaurants and right across from famed Lombard Street. The hotel was recently remodeled and everything was clean, fresh and bright. Plus we had an outstanding view of the Golden Gate Bridge from our room. We would definitely stay here again. And parking was only $25 a night (which is cheap for SF).	
May 18 2007 	Great start to holiday!	Arrived at the hotel about 3pm and our room was ready. Met by friendly reception staff who gave us maps of the city. Room was up to standard though view from the window was of the building next door. You can upgrade if you want a better view of the city or the Golden Gate Bridge. Breakfast was as expected, cakes, muffins, cereal and a cool 'make it yourself ' waffle maker. There was always plenty to eat with as much tea and coffee as you wished. The hotel was in a great location for Fishermans Whalf which was a short walk down the hill. Here you can catch the cable car to Powell street and downtown. The hotel is also on the corner of Lombard street, where the ' most crooked street in the world' is just over the ( very steep ) hill. Room was kept clean. I was told about the charge for car parking on this web site, but i was not told about the charge for the room safe by the reception staff. As i checked out , i was told that i had to pay for this service. I complained and they dropped the charge. So be warned! Other than that we had a plesant stay and would use this hotel again.	
May 9 2007 	Not bad	To start off...i had my worries about booking with Comfort Inn but when i got there I was relieved. The location was great...walking distance to fisherman's wharf. The hotel room was nice. Even though we were on the second floor and had only a view of the other building, it was more than enough room. The rooms were clean and the maid service came everyday to clean. The staff was more then helpful in calling for tours to see if they squeeze you into a tour group or letting you know great places to eat. The breakfast was more than enough. You had choices of waffles, bagels. toast, english muffins, cerea,, hard boiled eggs, toast, and pastries. I thought that was more than enough for breakfast. The hotel staff were polite and wonderful and do anything to make your stay comfortable. As i said the location was great not to far from the Ghiradeli square or Fisherman's Wharf. If you go up Lombard Street, the most crooked road is right there. I enjoyed my stay here and would love to come back to it again.	
Apr 23 2007 	Basic but comfortable	The Comfort Inn by the Bay was a nice hotel. There was a mix up with our reservation when we arrived which took some time to sort out. Aside from that, the service was fine and the staff was helpful. Parking is terrible. It's a tiny lot attached to the hotel, so tiny that we actually scraped the car against a wall when trying to go down a ramp. It's also expensive at $28/day (which includes tax) but I suppose that's to be expected in San Francisco. The location was great, walking distance to the Wharf and Pier 39. Union Street is a cool little district a few blocks down that we enjoyed exploring as well. It's also close to several bus stops. The breakfast was good, there's basically cereal, waffles, and pastries. The rooms themselves were a little small, but not really cramped. Overall, I'd recommend it if the price is right, but will probably choose somewhere different for our next stay.	
Mar 29 2007	a decent place to stay	I wanted somewhere handy for the bay for a 4 night stay. The inclusive continental breakfast was fine, bit monotonous after several days, but the waffle machine was fun ! The room and bathroom were great, even a view of the Golden Gate ! Didnt eat any other meals in the hotel, adequate cafes, bars &amp; restaurants all within easy walking distance, as was Pier 39, ferries to Alcatraz and cable car trips.I paid 85 us dollars for a double room, 340 for 4 nights, which I thought was good value for what we received	
Mar 20 2007	Comfort Inn by the Bay	We booked the Comfort Inn by the Bay via the BA.com website and got an excellent deal - BA recommend the hotel and it certainly was very good value - in fact the BA site had it cheaper than anywhere else at the time. Breakfast was basic but perfectly acceptable and we never found the dining room full despite eating at all sorts of different times. I enjoyed the freah-made do-it-yourself waffles. The staff are all very friendly and knowledgeable and nothing seems too much trouble. They've a range of takeaway menus if you decide to dine in but there are some excellent bars and restaurants not too far away to tempt you out. It's a pleasant walk down to Fisherman's Wharf and there is a range of buses that pass by the front door whether you're going up or down town. Our best purchase was a seven-day Muni passport - $24 each but covers transport on all buses, streetcars AND cable cars. With a one trip ride on a cable car being $5 it was a good buy indeed. We travelled round a lot and visited a lot of the 'micro-breweries' in SF - all of them were excellent in their own way and they all provided an excellent and different range of food - from tapas to full blown meals - well worth looking them out. Our best cocktails were upstairs at the Boudin bakery at Fisherman's Wharf - $5 for a large and well-prepared cocktail - Bo is a very friendly man behind the bar. For a snack in the sunshine there is an outside area downstairs at Boudin - serve yourself inside and take the food out. We had chowder and a salad or sandwich for just over $7 each - excekllent - the Californian Pinot Grigio was also excellent value at around $10 a bottle. We were generally impressed by the value in SF if you keep your eyes open, and generally everywhere is kept very clean - public toilets fresh and clean and well looked after. We had a steak at Bobo's on Lombard - just a stroll across the street from the hotel - and it was excellent. It's a small bar with dining areas and does get very busy. We recommend SF and the Comfort Inn by the Bay. We'd go back tomorrow.	
Mar 15 2007 	decent	The hotel was well-located, good value, breakfast was good. Room was a little small but definitely liveable. The onlt thing I can really complain about is the parking charge. Not only is it 28$ per day but it's not even guaranteed parking. So, if there is no space you have to bring your ticket back to the front desk and tell them not ot charge you, and make SURE they don't cuz they tried to charge me for 2 days in which I did not park in the hotel garage and then we had to argue about it. In the end they took the fees off. And here's a pointer - on the weekends the parking is free on the street so park on Friday night and leave your car there all weekend and avoid the charges! There's no reason to use your car in San Francisco anyway. SO, all in all, no major problems here, just a couple of pointers to save some bucks!	
Mar 2 2007	A Great Hotel	Comfort Inn By the Bay, San FranciscoStayed at this hotel for four nights and found it great - very clean and comfortable, friendly helpful staff and in a great location handy to Fishermans Wharf and on the bus route. Would be happy to stay here again and would recommend it to anyone as excellent value for money. Also had a good free breakfast	
Jan 28 2007 	Great stay!	We enjoyed our stay here. We payed extra for the view and it was worth it. The breakfast was good, particularly the waffles though not a full buffet. The location was handy - we were able to walk everywhere. The only slight criticism was one girl on the front desk who didn't smile but the others seemed friendly enough.	
Jan 24 2007 	Great Location Fantastic Views	This hotel has a great location in San Francisco, within easy walking distance of the harbour as well as being near many bus stops and the main cable car station. The hotel was very nice, the rooms were a good size and great value for money. Also the view from our room out over the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge was amazing. Only downside was the car parking charge of $25 a day. Otherwise this was a great hotel and would definitely recommend.	
Jan 21 2007 	Mainly good but could be better too	We arrived at the airport in San Fran only to find that after placing a call to the hotel they didnt have a shuttle bus which frankly was a pain ! we had to either pay for a shuttle which doesnt come cheap, or take the bus. Being a bit cheap we decided to take the bus with others but lagging our luggage off and on the bus was no mean feat. We caught the bus down town and because the bus didnt run to Van Ness and Lombard (where the hotel is located) we had to take a taxi, still cheaper than that shuttle from the airport!so we checked in, and all seemed fine. We were given a room on the 10 floor but I was amazed every morning how noisy lombard St was !then I found some hair in the bathroom and the glasses on the sink were not cleaned the whole time we were there. Bed seemed clean and everything else was ok. A weird thing though was one night with the lights out I saw writing on the wall - it was creepy something out of CSI, since you couldnt see it in the day . Weird. The biggest annoyance was all these kids came in from a tour group pretty much the whole time we were there. And didnt they make a big noise. Two and three am they were running up and down the hall, and despite my placing calls to the front desk they didnt seem to care. The free breakfast was just ok, but nothing too nutrionally sound if you are into healthy eating its more pastries and so on. What really got up my nose when I checked out the guy at the front desk said we owed them 10 for the hotel safe in our room. He said it was on the check in slip, but I read that and nowhere did it say that you had to pay for that. So I said to him look thats really unfair, you should tell people that ! and I refused to pay. All in all it was just ok, and I dont know if I would stay here again. Good location to Lombard St, Ghiradelli chocolate factory and the fishermans wharf. But for the price I guess I got what I paid for. I think next time if I was in the same area I would stay at the Hyatt instead down the road.	
Jan 10 2007 	great hotel in an expensive city	This hotel is on the corner of Van Ness and Lombard. Its got great views to the bridge (we paid a little extra for this). The bus stop is right across the road and there are a couple of restaurants within walking distance - we probably would have liked a little more choice in that regard.The rooms were well sized, and very comfy beds. We had the continental breakfast each morning which was really nice. I researched a lot of hotels on the net before choosing this one, and for $125 usd per night for a family of four. It was well ahead in the price stakes of any other hotel. The desk staff were incredibly friendly and very helpful with bus routes, where to wash, what to see etc etc....All in all, great choice in a great city..	
Dec 28 2006 	Comfortable sort of by the bay	Having read a bad review of a place near Civic Center I have stayed in a couple of times before, I changed at last minute to Comfort Inn by the Bay based on reviews here. The recent reviews are quite accurate: this is a decent place to stay, somewhat convenient to Fisherman's Wharf, a little inconvenient for other locations.Room was small but fine; loud noise from rain falling on the air conditioner can be forgiven since that day was the heaviest rain on that date since 1838! Room faced a wall, so no view, but hardly ever in it during the day, so that was also no problem. Upgrades available for a fee. Wireless internet handy and free.Surprisingly, hard to find a late night snack on Lombard, but pretty good snacks in the snack machine on the third floor. Breakfast was quite good, especially the waffles. Was there pretty early every day so can't comment on them possibly running out of things.From one block north (Chestnut) there is the #30 bus through North Beach and Chinatown to downtown, takes about 20-25 minutes. To come to the hotel, cable car to Lombard, then walk downhill. To make the return trip that way would be a bit brutal since it is quite a hill. As usual, for a stay in the SF city area, a Muni Passport is a good idea, I don't think they have them at the desk though. This is especially true if staying at this hotel since only Fisherman's Wharf west area (Ghirardelli etc.) is really within walking distance.Staff, as mentioned in other reviews, was quite friendly and helpful and the area is better than many.	
Dec 12 2006 	Cleancomfortablefriendly staff	Let's get it straight from the start-this is not a luxury hotel.Having said that I would thoroughly recommend it having just returned from an enjoyable trip to San Francisco with my partner with the Comfort as our base.The hotel was clean,the beds were comfortable and the plumbing and TV worked. The hotel is fairly basic but we weren't there to spend our time hanging round there too much. We really only had dealings with the reception staff and they were helpful and friendly.The buffet breakfast is fairly basic but adequate with cereals,waffles,preserves,maple syrup,bagels,crumpets,cream cheese and fresh fruit.The hotel is well located for the San Francisco waterfront and the crooked section of Lombard Street is about a 10-15 minute walk.My partner and I don't mind walking but some people may want to get a taxi to get to some places such as Union Square, Coits Tower,Palace of Fine Art as they are a longer walk and SF has many hills.If you book any excursions these will usually pick you up direct from the hotel wherever you are staying. The Comfort was also located in a safe area. There are a lot of homeless people in SF but we never felt threatened.SF is a great city with plenty to see and do and great eating,drinking and shopping opportunities.	
Dec 6 2006 	Great location but did not like the hotel for several reasons	It's in an excellent location, right on Van Ness &amp; Lombard.You can walk to the bay easily and get to a cable car easy.The hotel is an excellent building and in great condition.The free breakfast is excellent.However - They charge per day to use the safe (in your room) They charge 25c per minute to use the internet They charge an extra $30 per night if you  want a room that has a decent view of the bay. If your in a room with a vending machine outside, kiss a night sleep good bye. (Unless you pull the plug)	
Oct 21 2006 	Good value for the money	Just came back from a short visit to the city. This is an economy hotel so don't expect alot. I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of food available for the continental breakfast. As others have said, I agree, go early as it fills up quickly. There is no IHOP or Denny's in walking distance, so I would recomend taking the continental breakfast. The room was clean enough, and it was quiet enough for me, though I was not facing Lombard. Depending on your fitness level/mobility, it is within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf , Marina district, and Pacific Heights. The crooked section of Lombard is close too, but it is a climb to get there. The only down side is it is not near a BART station, so look into the MUNI bus schedule if not renting a car. Parking is very restrictive in some areas and ALL parking lots are very expensive, be warned! Enjoy your stay.	
Oct 19 2006 	Good hotel	Hotel located 5 blocks from Fishermans Wharf. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Room was good although we were put in a smoking one. Continental Breakfast is free at this hotel which was a pleasant surprise. More than happy to stay here again. Would recommend.	
Oct 15 2006 	Great Hotel	We stayed at this hotel after reading reviews on TA. We were not disappointed. It was in a great location, and book in was quick and painless. It is worth paying the extra for a view of the bay. The rooms were spacious and clean. Breakfast was more than the usual continental muffin and toast. Only a ten minute walk to Fishermans Wharf, or a few minutes on the bus into the heart of SF.	
Oct 8 2006 	exceptional value!	have just returned from a six night trip to san francisco.stayed at this hotel mainly based on price so i was'nt too sure what to expect.having got the shuttle from the airport , i was slightly worried when we pulled up outside...it really looks nothing at all from the outside in fact even a bit dreary.but as soon as i got in, well what a difference..nice lobby, and was greeted by the most kind and welcoming woman on the front desk i've ever met.she checked me in, asked how long i was staying and if i knew what i wanted to do whilst in san francisco.she then gave me maps of the area and helped with transport information.the hotel has bus stops right outside.fishermans wharf is only a 15 minute walk away.the room itself was only a single so fairly small but cosy.it was also spotless.the friendliness on the front desk continued all the time i was there.i spent ages talking to them.the other thing you need to know is that you get a free continental breakfast every morning....it is a superb spread.the only problem is that the breakfast room can get fairly crowded so you may want to go down either very early or leave it a while.all in all this was better than a lot of bigger chain hotels in which i've stayed and would be more than happy to visit again.	
Sep 29 2006 	Overall good experience	We spent three nights at this hotel in September 06. We felt that this hotel was value for money. It was well located to most of the main tourist attractions, and I would recommend walking around San Francisco as much as possible as opposed to taking buses, you get a great feel for the place. We walked down Columbus Street, with great Italian restaurants, to Union Square and back most days and it was great exercise!The rooms were spacious, although beds a little smaller than I have had in other hotels. The bathroom was averaged sized and well equipped. There was an ice machine on each floor, and speedy lifts. Our view was mainly of buildings, but we had not paid for a bay view so we didn't mind.Only real gripe was that a couple of the assistants on the front desk were not friendly, and one was extremely patronising, which I did not appreciate. However, we didn't let this spoil our stay in San Francisco. We definitely want to return, you could spend three weeks in this place. My favourite place on the west coast hands down. I would reccomend this place due to comfort, location and value for money.	
Sep 17 2006 	Value for Money in Fisherman's Wharf	We stayed at the Comfort Inn for 3 nights in August, and found it to be pleasant, clean and for the money(we only paid £69 per night for the room including breakfast), well located for visiting the sights of Fisherman's Wharf, and after a short bus ride, the famed department stores of Union Square.Our room had two Queen size double beds, aircon, ensuite, sufficient wardrobe and drawer space, TV and telephone, and an-in room safe payable for only if you used it, more than adequate for a family of 3. Our 5 year old son loved the idea of his own double bed! Only let down was no fridge, but there was an ice machine at the end of our corridor to keep any lagers bought at the nearby liqour store chilled long enough, and to add to my wife's vodka and coke!The room was very clean, and the maid changed our towels daily even if we had hung them back up, and made our beds daily also.Location wise we were about 10 minutes walk to fish restaurants near to Pier 39, and just 1 block down was a bus stop, from where we got the bus to Union Square during the day. It cost $1.50 each adult, and under 5's are free, so if your child is 5, then say he is not! The bus drivers didn't seem to mind!Two trips I would absolutely 100% recommend you make time for in your stay are a city tour on the 'big red shiny mack fire engine', which takes you around the city and over the Golden Gate Bridge, whilst dressed up as real firemen and women, on an open backed fire engine! Excellent! Only $40 adult, $25 child. Well worth it!The second trip is Alcatraz! Book through blue and gold fleet for about $17 adult,$10 child. Don't go to San Francisco and not go to Alcatraz. It would be such a waste! The sight of the prison and the history told on the audio tape will really make you think! Book both of these trips in advance as numbers are limited if you want to take the trips when you want to!Overall we enjoyed our short visit to San Francisco, despite our luggage being misplaced by the airline for most of our stay!, and for convenience and price, I would definitely recommend the Comfort Inn by the Bay.	
Jul 31 2006 	Great Value- Outstanding View	Clean and friendly hotel. My son and I were there for three days and had a great stay. Get a room with a view of the Golden Gate; it's the best value in town. It was outstanding to eat our complimentary breakfast with this fantastic view. I called the hotel directly and they gave me a better rate than online booking services. The garage is small and some people were complaining about not having a space available in which to park- but we were lucky. The staff checked our luggage for us in the office so we could spend most of our check-out day sightseeing. They also booked us a cab to Oakland airport- shuttle is not complimentary from hotel. The hotel is a short walk to Fisherman's Wharf and transportation stops- the staff was most helpful in giving us maps and directions. All in all, it was a great stay and recommended to anyone in the area.	
Jul 22 2006 	A Good Vacation At The Inn By the Bay	(06/19/06-06/24/06) I spent five nights at The Comfort Inn By The Bay, My room was on the City side and it was as pictured on the website, Room was adequate but on the small side, TV, AC, iron, no refrigerator.I will probably book the view rooms on my next visit. A good breakfast was provided . Most positive: The staff as they were professionals with a friendly attitude. I actually misplaced my wallet with hundreds in travellers checks when I checked out. The checks were returned to American Expressand my wallet was mailed to my Kailua ,Hawaii home. Most Negative: Please tell the manager to purchase better and more comfortable pillows. All in all I really enjoyed my trip as as my wife Diane and I explored San Francisco, biked the Golden Gate Bridge all the way to Sausalito and then to Tiburon. (Blazing Saddles Bike Rentals), Fishermen's Wharf, enjoyed the play &quot;Spelling Bee&quot; at the Post Street Theater, shopping as my wife enjoys this activity, very good restaurants nearby includingAntica Trattoria(Italian),Slanted Door at the Ferry Building, and the Boudin Sourdough Bakery and Cafe at Fishermen's Wharf. We also enjoyed the Alcatraz tour and several attractions which was included in the City Pass. The City pass also allowed you to ride the Muni and Trolley cars. We rented our rental car at Budget also on Van Ness Ave after we checked out and drove to Lake Tahoe and then to Reno. I would certainly recommend Comfort Inn By the Bay and I would return to this hotel on my next visit.. The hotel was conveniently located and it was in a quiet and reputable neighborhood (Russian Hiill) along the bus routes. (By the way I did have may main cash and credit card wallet with me as I carry two wallets).(Clifford-Kailua Hawaii)	
Jul 14 2006	Nice Place	Nice hotel at the corner of Lombard and Van Ness (US 101). You can walk down to all of the attractions along the bay in about 20 minutes. Walk down Van Ness and take a right on Bay and then a left on one of the cross streets down to the bay to avoid the hills. You are also close to the crooked part of Lombard Street. Now, this is an uphill walk. Room was small, but very nice. High Speed Internet worked very well. Upper level odd numbered rooms have a view of San Francisco Bay and cost extra for the view. Even numbered upper level rooms have a good view as well. Lower level rooms may have road noise as Lombard and Van Ness is a major intersection. Breakfast was good and I went early to avoid the wait for seats that happened later on in the breakfast hours. There are a lot of restaurants in the immediate area as well as the ones down by the bay. The only thing that kept me from rating this hotel 5 stars was the parking garage. It is very tight down there. Be careful! Even though it says two way traffic, I don't know how two cars could pass each other. Also, the total cost for parking is about $35 a night when you factor in the city parking tax. I didn't move my car while I was there, but since everything is within walking distance or a short ride on public transit, it didn't affect me that much. Overall, a good stay. I'd stay at this Comfort Inn again.	
Jun 18 2006	Wonderful place	We went for our 30th anniversary and had a wonderful time. Staff treated us like family. Great breakfast and our room was perfect with a great view of bay and GG bridge. Very convenient location -we walked everywhere. Bus line runs along Van Ness also. We already miss the friends we made at the front desk. All in all we would love to return next year.	
Jun 8 2006	Good Hotel	We stayed at the Comfort Inn by the Bay for 5 nights. The hotel was clean, well organised with friendly staff and the rooms were good value. Breakfast is included and is a help yourself buffet with the basics such as muffins, waffles &amp; various breads. The Breakfast room can be very busy though hence you may have to wait for a table. We had 2 different rooms (a Queen size for 3 nights and a King size with 2 double beds for 2 nights which also looked out at the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge) due to availability whern we booked. The latter room was only slightly more expensive but almost twice the size and had the fantastic Bay view so I would certainly ask for this if visiting again. The hotel doesn't have a restaurant/bar or gym/pool so be prepared to find these if required. The Voodoo Lounge across the road is worth a visit as it is small and friendly bar, and open to late. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the hotel as it does everything well, however you may want to check out the hotels actually in Fishermans Wharf as this is a 15/20 minute walk from there, which seems longer by the end of a nightout.	
Jun 5 2006	Will definitely stay again.	Very clean, super nice people, located on one of the main streets in SF. You can walk to the fisherman's warth in 15 minutes which saves time and money on parking. They were repainting the outside while we were there, but that didn't bother me because they really make an effort to have a really clean, nice motel for you to stay in. For the SF bay area, it is priced very good for the quality. I will definitely stay here again. The also offer $25 parking in their garage and I highly recommend this extra cost.Bathrooms were tiny, but functional.Hair dryer, iron, remote TV, nice powerful AC, but no frig which kind of disappointed me since we like to shop for drinks at a local store and keep them cool so we don't have to purchase out of the machines or on the piers.Tredd from SW PA.	
Jun 4 2006	Excellent value for money	Stayed here for 3 nights from 19th to the 22nd May, and it was a very good hotel to start our holiday. We did think about prebookingLorries shuttl;e bus but I'm glad I ddin't! The airport is huge and we were trying to figure out where to go to pick it up, but there wasn't one available, so we got on another shuttle bus. It cost us $16 per person plus tip on top, but because it's a shuttle expect to stop around the airport until the shuttle is full. Then expect to make multiple stops at other hotels, we were the second to last people to get off. We decided to use a taxi on the return journey! I was speaking to someone who took a taxi instead and they said they were taken around to see the tourist sights without asking! Which meant they had to pay about $56 in the end, so it's up to you what you want to do. So when we needed a ride back to the airport on the Monday, we asked the front desk to book us a taxi, they go with a reputable company that takes straight to the airport, as there are some taxi companies that take you the long way back so that it costs more! So our taxi cost $50 including tip but at least it was direct! Worth the extra 10 bucks instead of the shuttle.Location was quiet and just a few blocks from Fishermans Wharf, not quite walking distance but you can get the no 47 Bus from across the road and you'll be there within 10 Min.Hotel room was spacious and clean, view wasn't great but you can pay for a room with a view of the Golden gate but we didn't take up the offer. The front desk staff were very friendly and helped our stay to be enjoyable, helping us with which bus to get for the Wharf and also to get to the Union square area! There was also free Tea and Coffee in the dining room area which was fully appreciated!Only one thing stopped me putting down execellent and that is the maid. We went out first thing in the morning and didn't return till about 2pm and the room wasn't done. We thought okay, we came back a bit soon so the following day we came back about 4pm and she was just doing it then! My wife asked her how long will she be and the maid was a bit short with her response. We were on the 4th floor so if you happen to be on that floor and the maid hasn't tidied your room, complain to the front desk. We didn't as it was our last full day.I think the hotel is used alot by French and German tourists, so I guess that's why it was mostly a Continental breakfast, but you can make your own waffles and toast if you want to.Overall I would stay there again as you get everything you could wish for the money you've paid plus very friendly front desk staff. As for the city itself, San Francisco is a lovely place. If you want to go to Alcatraz, definitely book it up in advance, there is a standby line, but there's no guarantee you'll get on!Restaurants and shopping was relatively cheap and of good quality. Every kind of shop you can think of can be found, especially around the main area of Union square. Any questions then I'll be happy to help. Just drop me an email and I'll get back to you as soon as possible.	
Jun 1 2006	Fantastic Hotel Great Location Great Staff	I stayed in this hotel for a week. It was an absolute bargain. Fantastic location. Just around the corner from lombard street and only a five minute walk if that to fishermans wharf. The rooms were really spacios and clean. You get a free continental breakfast which is superb. The staff in the hotel are really friendly and helpful especially if you want to check out of your room later than is requested. I highly recommend this hotel. Its a great base for exploring san francisco.	
May 3 2006	Excellent Hotel	My daughter and I stayed in this hotel in April 2006. As we were travelling alone, safety was very important to us and we found the hotel to be in a very good, central location. The reception staff were very helpful with tourist information and buses etc. We had a double room and unlike most other US hotels we had stayed in, the room only had 1 queen size bed and the room was quite small. It was perfectly adequate though for the short amount of time we actually spent in the room and it was very clean. The free breakfast in the morning is good. The hotel is located about a 10 min walk away from the beginning of Fisherman's Wharf which is a great place to go both during the day time and early evening with street performers and artists. BUT beware of the Bush man!!!! We really enjoyed our stay in San Francisco and would definitely go back there and the hotel.	
Apr 21 2006	Great stop over	It is a fair way from the International Airport, but the shuttle bus dropped us off right at the door. Rooms were a good size, though we booked for a double room and got what looked like two large single beds to sleep in. Hotel has high speed internet access in the rooms if you carry your laptop with you. Very close to Fishermans Wharfe and not too far from down town. Not a lot of places to eat at near by (well cheap ones anyway). But overall we found this to be a very comfortable place, breakfast was plenty to get you started for the day.	
Mar 31 2006	We love this hotel!!!	We love this hotel everytime we stay in San Francisco. We have 2 adults and a 14 and 10 year old. We were upgraded easily to a Bay View room. Service, breakfast, price, location, cleanliness, everything is always fabulous! We would never stay anywhere else in San Francisco.	
Mar 19 2006	Nice affordable and comfortable convenient.	Stayed at the hotel from 9th to 12th. Lovely hotel very close to the wharf and Pier 39, about a 15 min walk from the hotel and there is a bus which takes you straight down there. First room we were allocated was near the Pepsi machine which sounded as if it was going to blow up. The gentleman who served us on front desk was extremely nice and provided a new room on the 7th floor.He also provided a map of the area and pointed out the different bus routes. Very good service for novices in this city. Alcatraz a must as it visiting the seals that hang around Pier 39.Bed was comfortable. Bathroom was small but had all the basic amenities. Only drawback is the guest services booklet states the hotel has a laundry service that you can use with coin operated machines. Turns out the laundry is not on the property but is 2 blocks away.Continental breakfast was average, toast, shelled boiled eggs and some cereal. Nothing fancy but average.We didn't hire a car in SF so no need to use the parking facilities. Lift's were a little slow and it appeared as if only one lift worked at a time. Overall nice stay, clean, cheap and very close to the bay.	
Mar 7 2006	Great Stay!	Our family of four loved the hotel. The location was great, central to the things we wanted to see, and located on 101 and several transit lines. We used the convenient, safe, and well-lit parking garage to park our car and leave it for two days while we walked and took transit. We stayed at five hotels on this trip and this was the best of them. The room was attractive and well-maintained. Our view of the Golden Gate Bridge was gorgeous. The wireless high-speed internet service worked perfectly from the start. This is the first hotel I've stayed at in years that had a separate thermostat, so the room heater shut itself off when it reached your temperature; no heater running all night! The continental breakfast was also the best of the trip. The hotel served a wide selection of fruit and baked goods. They even served shelled boiled eggs!	
Feb 22 2006	Great !!	My husband and I with our 15 year old son stayed here for one week from 10th till 17th feb. Couldn't fault the hotel at all. It was ideal for us. Excellent Maid service. We used the Breakfast facilities every morning. A full English breakfast would have been nice but hey, when in Rome do as the Roman's do!Surrounding views of the Golden Gate Bridge was great and bus and Taxi services just outside the door.Found the Staff polite and friendly. Would recommend this Hotel to family and friends.	
Jan 26 2006	OK rooms	Rooms were average, small bathrooms. Lights were energy efficient, but not in a good way. When lights were turned on they were very dim, they would warm up after 5 minutes (making sizzling noises the entire time) and then be a normal brightness. Parking was very tight in the garage and they say parking is $25 but they also charge a $3.50 parking “tax” upon check out. Room was nice, beds were lumpy and pillows were rock hard. We paid for a bay view, and that was very nice; had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge!! Free breakfast doesn't start until 6:30 am so if you have an early flight, forget about breakfast. Overall, hotel average, nothing to write home about.	
Jan 25 2006	Great hotel Great location	Good price, perfect location close to everything.Breakfast is fast and tasty, get there early to get a seat. Rooms clean and secure, staff helpful	
Jan 15 2006	Thanks for the Memory!	My husband and I live in Orange County Calif and have enjoyed vacationing in San Francisco, as we try and get away to this beautiful city as often as possible. We make it a habit of staying in different hotels in different areas of the city, to experience the diversified areas. For the rating and price, this hotel is a real gem! Staying here on our last vacation was a real find, and I would not object to staying here again. We were here December 18th - 22nd 2005, right before Christmas. And although most of the entire days were overcast and raining, we still enjoyed ourselves.The staff, and management at this hotel was very kind and professional, and made our stay that much more pleasant. The continental free breakfast (although they stop serving at 9:30 in the morning) wasn't bad at all. I didn't see the waffles as the ads suggest, but it still was pretty ample quanties, and much better than the usual coffee and simple pastries that other hotels' offer. Because we like to sleep in late; I was usually down before 9:30 to bring a tray of goodies for my husband and I back up to the room, and the wait/kitchen staff was gracious about this.We didn't pay for a room with a view of the Bay/Golden Gate Bridge, but it actually worked out fine. As with the rainy weather, low clouds, and fog rolling in and out our view would have probably been obscured. We stayed on the 6th floor and our view wasn't that bad. Our room was kept up very clean, and the maid service respectful of our late sleeping hours.Comfort Inn by the Bay is a good hotel and adjacent to Fisherman's Wharf - nice! When we can, we will return to San Francisco, and I hope we have the opportunity to stay in this wonderful hotel again.Thank you staff and management!	
Nov 30 2005	Great for price!	My husband and I stayed at the Comfort Inn over Thanksgiving weekend. We arrived 3 hours before check-in, but were promptly given our keys. Check-in was quicker than most upscale resorts we have stayed at. Free continental breakfast buffet gets you rolling without having to be waited on. Good location if you are there to see The Warf and shops. Easy walk down hill to Warf and Buena Vista Cafe for breakfast and Irish Coffee. Buses run steadily from The Warf, North Beach and Chinatown for an easy return to the hotel. Not IN the action, but easy to get from one end of San Francisco to the other. We were on the 11th floor (top) but didn't want to spring for the Bay View room. Great city view, especially at sunset. (See Pic). We would recommend staying here if you plan on sightseeing most of the time. It's a good place to lay down your head.	
Nov 21 2005	Great budget hotel!	This hotel is definitely a budget hotel, but let me point out a few things. The rooms are very comfortable and clean. The bathroom area is a wee small, however there are many extras, such as a hair dryer, a coffee maker, iron and ironing board, all of which are nice touches for travelers!We weren't in our beautiful bay view room often, however, when the breakfast area was too full, we brought our continental breakfast up to our room and enjoyed it while overlooking the gorgeous city!The staff was helpful when asking directions to the bus stops, etc.I was actually surprised this hotel was rated only 2 stars, I feel it should be a 3. We feel it was a great value for the money!	
Oct 3 2005	great deal - good hotel...	This hotel was much better then I expected, easy to find, parking was no problem and we were checked in within minutes.Room did not have a Golden Gate View, but they have it down to a tea that you can have an upgrade, at a price. There are posters everywhere.Breakfast was ideal, I was very suprised how large the selection was. We had no problem with getting seated and the staff cleared the tables efficiently.Its a pretty 10 minute walk to the Cable Car turn around, or 15 to Fishermans wharf, taxis were dirt cheap so we used them a lot.I would recommend this hotel, much nicer to stay out of Union sq.	
Sep 28 2005	Look for something else	This hotel is fair at best. It is definitely a budget hotel. I had to ask at least 4 individuals before someone could guarantee that my boarding pass could be printed. One of the front desk individuals referred to one of the evening staff as &quot;difficult&quot; in that she wasn't sure he would print our boarding pass. The breakfast attendant was nasty and wouldn't allow us to take anything before 6:30 (even though we were running out to catch a plane). The coffee was horrible and the continental breakfast wasn't that good. Our 5:00 a.m. wake up call never came through. The bathrooms are so small in this hotel and the &quot;view&quot; that we paid extra for was obstructed by very dirty windows. On a positive note, the rooms were clean and the night auditor, Tove, was pleasant and did come through with printing my boarding pass. I think the staff at this hotel needs to attend Hampton Inn's customer service training. The hotel is close to Fisherman's Wharf if you like to walk but not close if you don't like to walk. Take the bus.We had a great time in San Francisco despite our disappointment with the Comfort Inn. Take the three hour Jeep Tour of SF (about $59, ask for Paul) and look into the City Walks Tours (free). We took a City Walk Tour of the Haight Ashbury area that was fantanstic (lead by Joe Lord). Also, we loved the Nappa Valley area - don't miss it.	
Sep 23 2005	Good hotel close to Fishermanns Wharf	Nice clean rooms with two queen size beds, stayed on the 2nd floor so unfortunally no view, but this was possible if you pay extra. It took about 8-10 min. to walk to Fishermanns Wharf area, which was perfect. Also continental breakfast buffet is incl. at the hotel, really good deal compared to the price and the location.	
Sep 13 2005	Small beds but great location	Perfect location to see San Francisco but the beds are not 4'6&quot; double beds so the rooms are not ideal for more than 2 people (we were 2 adults and our daughter of 14). The rooms are clean and bright but the breakfast room was often too crowded to sit down.	
Sep 5 2005	Enjoyable stay at the Comfort Inn by the Bay	I stayed at the Comfort Inn by the Bay from August 29th through the 5th of September and overall, it was an enjoyable experience. Our room was large, clean and comfortable (beside the mattresses which were not hard enough!). We also did get the view of the bay as promised (we stayed on the 5th floor). However, contrary to what some other reviews I have read said, the walls are not paper thin (unless you stand right next to them). You do hear the ongoing traffic outside though, but it's not too disturbing (and I am a light sleeper). Do not, and I repeat do not, use the phone to call long distance, otherwise, you'll be very sorry (17$ for a 5 min call)...As far as their free breakfast goes, it was ok...there was enough food (the cutlery was not plastic for those for whom it matters) and tables (we only had to eat in our room once and it was the labor day sunday). As far as location goes, the hotel is in a safe neighborhood and closeby to North Beach (take the 45 bus to get on the other side of the hill, trust me), Chinatown (walk down Van Ness to Broadway, make a left and go through the tunnel) and Fisherman's wharf. Moreover, the crookedest part of Lombard is on the other side of the hill from the hotel and Union Square is a bus ride away (Bus #30 on the corner of Chesnut and Van Ness). I would stay at this hotel again	
Aug 29 2005	Great Bay Views	We stayed at the Comfort Inn By The Bay on August 25th &amp; 26th. We booked through Expedia and got our rooms for around $150/night (which includes tax). We paid for a panoramic view of the bay &amp; we were not disappointed. We were in room 811 &amp; had a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge as well as the neighborhoods surrounding the hotel by the Wharf. As another poster said, if you're looking for luxury accomodations this is not the place, however if you're looking for a clean, comfortable/affordable hotel with a great view then give this place a try. We had 2 double beds in our room. The bathroom has 2 areas. 1 room (which is very small) for the tub and toilet &amp; then an open area with your sink, mirror &amp; hair dryer. We didn't mind the small bathroom since we were not in our room a great deal. The location was great. We loved being able to walk to the Wharf, Union Street Shops &amp; other places in a fair amount of time. We ate at the Cafe Lombard right across the street for dinner one night &amp; the food was fabulous &amp; affordable. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. They also let us store our luggage since we had an 11:30 flight that night, which was nice.	
Aug 20 2005	Disappointing	Although the rooms are not expensive, they are basic with small bathrooms and we left disappointed. As other reviews have mentioned, the continental breakfast is basic and the breakfast facilities are inadequate. On all three days we stayed there were no free tables at breakfast with some guests eating standing or perched in reception	
Aug 18 2005	came through with the view	We did have a view of the bay and the Golden Gate bridge as promised. The location of the hotel is excellent - right on the corner of Van Ness and Lombard. Staff was friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast offered quite a few choices with plenty to go around. Parking was tight, but darn convenient. If you're expecting luxury, you won't find it here, but for a reasonable rate we had a clean room, beds were comfortable and we enjoyed our 2 night stay.	
Aug 11 2005	Good Value Good Location Mid Market Hotel	Just got back and felt this was a very good hotel for the money. Very clean and staff was helpful. We reserved a bay view room for $149 (floors 9-11) but unfortenatly the FOG blocked most of the views... the hotel is about 10 blocks from the bay so we could see the houses and businesses all the time!We arrived way early (930 am) and our room was ready so we got to check in! Breakfast was ok.. cereal, boiled eggs, fruit, juices, bagels... nothing super.. but plenty.We flew into SFO and took BART ($4.95) to Powell station, then bought a 3 day UNI bus/trolley car pass for $15.. took Powell-Hyde trolley (we packed light) to Lombard street and walked 3 blocks down to hotel. It is true, busses nearby.. I was a bit nervous about finding my way around but the front desk staff extremely friendly and had a map of a few major routes... found out 1 block away bus 30 goes by fishermans warf area, then china town, then financial district, then by Powell station. It comes about every 7 minutes! So we rode 30 about 20 times. So excellent location for using public transit.. and staff is helpful.Only compliant is that the windows are not mirrored at all... so close the drapes for privacy... we discovered this later in the day when we went out for a walk.. a little too late.Again, we would stay in a heartbeat again here... very clean and in good shape.. they also use newer keys than the old magentic cards. They even held our bags the last day all day long for no charge!	
Aug 11 2005	Yep - great view included!	Wow - great hotel right on 101 (corner of Van Ness and Lombard). We reserved a &quot;deluxe - panoramic bay view room&quot; and it turned out just like the room reviewed here with pictures! $20+ parking per night included &quot;in and out privileges&quot; but, trust me, the parking is so tight (and virtually every spot is occupied daily!) you won't want to go in and out! (Also, spend the extra time and back in to your parking spot - you'll be thankfull you did when it's time to leave!)The free continental breakfast was really busy but kept fairly well stocked - nothing special.This location is great - very easy to walk to the wharf area - and all public transportation is close by. We really enjoyed our stay!Booking was via Expedia: 2 queen beds / 4 adults / $150+ = 204.78 total/night.	
Jul 27 2005	Great View and Good Location	We went there as a family of five including an 18 year old and twin 16 year olds. We had originally booked one room - two queen beds and a rollaway but found it too small for our requirements. They immediately offered us another room - albeit on a different floor - but it was way after midnight and we were glad for the extra space.The next day they offered us another room next door to our bay view room. They couldn't be more accomodating really. The rooms were comfortable and clean. The bathroom was a bit small. Breakfast was very welcoming - great not to have to traipse out for something to eat. The bay view was great to chill and look out on to although you may not see the top of the bridge because of the fog. Also take a sweater with you as it can get a bit chilly in the breeze.We found it very easy to get about and we all enjoyed being without a car for a change. The trams and buses are great. We found San Franciscans to be very friendly and as Brits we couldn't have been treated better.I had a cup of tea at the Italian cafe across the road one morning whilst everyone breakfasted. AS they seem to cook in the centre of the cafe they do seem to have a problem with cooking smells. Also it was a bit run down.We enjoyed eating and drinking in North Beach, liked traipsing around Chinatown, my son loved the record story in Haight Ashbury but one of my daughters was a bit unnerved by some of the weird and wonderful characters there. Alcatraz was absolutely fascinating - just a short boat ride so don't bother to buy food and drink on board as it very pricey!All in all we loved San Francisco!	
Jul 26 2005	Decent but not overwhelming	The Comfort Inn by the Bay is a competent Motor Hotel that is about what you would expect for its price range. The rates are fairly decent for the City and the hotel is good value. Probably the best thing about this hotel is the location. Located at the foot of Russian Hill near Cow Hollow, the Marina and, yes, Fisherman's Wharf, it's a wonderful location. It's also convenient along the bus lines to the rest of San Francisco; and along the 101 to Marin and points beyond (Napa, etc.). For this property, the rooms are fairly spartan with budget priced amenties. Sheets and towels lack softness but otherwise serviceable. The continental breakfast is fine if you like those kind of buffets. Unfortunately, these offerings often seem to be overrun with people trying to eat their room rate worth in breakfast. And unfortunately, this one is no different. There are plenty of good places to have breakfast nearby (walk up to the Crepe House on Polk). Parking is $20 so budget that into your trip (or better yet leave the car at home).The net is if you are looking for a reasonably priced place to stay in a great neighborhood, you could do worse than the Comfort Inn by the Bay.	
Jul 12 2005	Nice place shame they double charged the tax	Nice Hotel and good location. Car parking charged for at $20 per night plus tax. That's where the mistake was made! We stayed three nights and paid our $60 plus $8.40 tax. We asked for the bill to be split between two visa cards. This was done but on later checking we found that each card was charged $30 plus $8.40 tax. So double charge for tax. I wonder if the tax man knows!Be warned and check your bill more carefully than we did. The hotel refuse to reply to my queries about this double charge so maybe they don't care as much as they should. It isn't the money it's the principle of good customer relations that matters. Had they replied and said &quot;sorry&quot; they could then have kept the money as a tip!	
Jun 30 2005	Fair	We checked in late and ended up on the first floor with a view of the brick building next door. Overall, great location but fair hotel. Staff was nice. Continental breakfast was basic. Room was clean but small and nothing special. I would recommend this hotel only if you get a good deal.	
Jun 30 2005	Cannot recommend this hotel enough!	This hotel is fantastic! I cannot rave about it enough.This is a two star hotel so this review is not aimed at those used to staying at the Plaza or the 4Seasons. We are a young couple on an extended trip looking for a hotel in SanFrancisco in a good location for a fair price. The Comfort Inn by the Bay ticks all the boxes.The room was clean, spacious with good cable tv, in-room safe, refrigerator, free wireless internet and free local calls. Each morning we could walk to Fisherman's Wharf to ride the cable-car (4 blocks-not uphill!). There is also good bus links from right outside including the buses to Market Street and Fisherman's wharf. The area is safe. Lombard Street is quite a busy road and the traffic could be heard at times but it didn't bother us too much. The front desk were not super enthusiastic but helped us with bus links and a chinese takeaway (after a long drive from Yosemite!).We were going to stay at a 3 star hotel for $185 but saw that this 2star hotel offered a view of the bay for $20 less so we decided to go for it. The attached photo of the Golden Gate Bridge was taken from our room. The view was excellent. We were so happy we decided to stay at the Comfort Inn and for anyone considering a stay here it is well worth the extra $20 for the bay view room. I would definately stay here again and it would probably be my first choice hotel, even if we are not on a budget! There is so much to do in fabulous SanFrancisco that you only need to be in the room to sleep!	
Jun 23 2005	Disappointed	Expensive place, not so clean, crowded and common continental breakfast. A few smiles from the personal wouldn't hurt neither...I do not recomend the place.	
Jun 3 2005	Good value	It's not a luxury place, but for San Francisco, this hotel is a pretty good deal.Rooms are basic but clean, and not too small, either. Everything (bathroom fixtures, TV, etc.) seemed to be well taken care of. There's a good breakfast buffet in the mornings, too.The neighborhood is safe and quite busy, without being touristy. Of course, you can walk to the Chestnut St shopping area, or catch a bus or cab easily.	
Jun 2 2005	An absolute must to consider-I loved it!	We just got back from our trip to San Francisco and we stayed at the Comfort Inn By The Bay based on the reviews from this site. We had a wonderful stay and we have no regrets staying here. We had a two queen bedroom and a crib (which turned out to be a playpen) with a tv, phone, wireless internet, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, coffee in the room, a great breakfast downstairs everymorning and a great view of the bay and bridge-all for a low price. The staff were really nice. For example, my son was not use to sleeping in the playpen because of the thin mattress that it comes with. So for the second night, the staff gave us extra blankets to use as extra cushioning (they didn't have extra mattresses so they said to try the blankets) and my son (only 11 months old) slept through the night! We're from Canada and this was our first trip to San Francisco, so paying a little extra for the view was well worth it. Someone mentioned in their review that the lights for the bathroom were on a timed dimmer and that was really nice on the eyes for those &quot;emergencies&quot; in the night-I didn't realize how true that was until I stayed there! There is also a pop machine on every floor and an ice machine by the way. And there was a safe in our room for a 1.25 extra per night. Breakfast was great-bread, mini muffins, english muffins, bagels, three different kinds of cereal, fruit and drinks. My sister really loved the fact that hot coffee (with stryofoam cups and lids!) were available throughout the day in the dining room as well. Perfect location-within walking distance within the warf, even chinatown if you are a little ambitious. One complaint, the bay side view rooms are a bit loud with the street traffic during the night, but that only woke me up once. As of for parking, we walked and bussed. People who do their research or know the city know that there is not much parking in San Francisco in general and driving can be &quot;zoo&quot; like. I can't emphasis enough how much you get for the price you pay. No it's not the The Ritz, it's the Comfort Inn and that's ok. So if you like a big bang for your buck, this is definately the place to be.	
May 24 2005	Very pleased	I was very pleased with my stay. The rooms were not luxury rooms but they were clean and the beds slept good. We paid a little extra for a view that couldn't be beat. THe location was cental to just about anything you would want to do. being located on a main street the buses were accessable across the street. We also got a nice continental breakfast. When I go back I would love to stay here again.	
May 21 2005	10/10 or am i easily pleased!?	We stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of May and would'nt hesitate to go back. The rooms are big and clean, the bed was really comfortable - so much so that it was an effort to get out of. The staff were always pleasant and very helpful. The buffet breakfast was a lot better than expected after reading differing reviews on this site about it. We fell for the upgrade but regretted it. When you think, you only look out of your window the first day of your stay, after that thats all it is...a window....so we paid ££££'s extra for a quick look at the Golden Gate Bridge! Unless it's your intent to sit for hours on end staring at the bridge from your window i'd say stick to your first choice if its a city view room and save your money for sight-seing. The lifts were not a problem as some ppl have said, we never had any long waits for them, the location is perfect for Fishermans Walk and the trams to Union Square etc. All in all a lovely stay in an equally lovely city.	
May 18 2005	Met all our Expectations	Having read the excellent Trip Advisor reviews on this hotel we decided to stay for four nights late April.We were not disappointed and all the good points highlighted in other reviews can be confirmed as spot on. This is based on the room excellent room cost that was circa $99 plus tax.I would advise paying the extra for a bay view room. You will see from my submitted pictures that the Golden Gate bridge was magnificent, the sunset was different each night - amazing.Well located for the buses for getting around the city and also great access onto Route 101 for getting in and out of the city.The complimentary breaky was fine, plastic cutlery and plates but it served a purpose, free and was convenient.The little Italian restaurant just over the road is well recommended. Convenient, reasonable price and most important, the best Italian cooking I have ever experienced. The head chef is a Thai lady! Alcatraz Tour - Pre-book on-line before you travel. We did but noted that trippers were arriving on the day and being turned away or put in a standby queue.We may return to San Francisco and if we do we will book the Comfort Inn on the Bay again.Thanks TripAdvisor for providing this excellent review service - we can now book our hotels in the knowledge that our holiday hotels won't be a dissapointment.	
Apr 30 2005	Decent hotel	We stayed for 4 nights in March. We found the hotel location to be very good, about 15 mins walk to Pier 39 area, but along the flatter route around the bay. It is close to the windy part of Lombard St also. We had a small mix up in the booking - we had requested a 2 queen room from an internet travel agent (which was not guarenteed) and when we arrived we found that we had a one bed king booking. We had to take this for one night but the hotel staff were able to swap to the 2 bed room for the other 3. The room was quite small but ok really, clean enough and quite quiet. Breakfast was ok, fairly decent selection of food but busy and used plastic cutlery. Rates were reasonable and would consider it again.	
Apr 7 2005	Generally great hotel in a nice location.	I stayed at this hotel from March 30th to April 5th 2005. It is very good overall and is excellent value for money. The location is excellent; about three (very steep) blocks from the cable cars, about a 10 minute walk from Fisherman's Wharf and there is a bus stop one block down the road.The staff are very helpful, and the rooms are clean and comfortable. I have to agree with others that a fan in the bathroom would be helpful. Fortunately, I was very lucky with parking for the two nights I had a car - I managed to find a space, but it is very tight down there and there can't be more than about 30 spaces (bad for a hotel 138 rooms). Also, you may find yourself waiting about 3 minutes for one of the two lifts to go up a few floors, which can become very tedious after 6 nights.The breakfast was good, not the best, but it was free so I'm not complaining! The plastic cutlery is just a joke and the breakfast room can get very busy around about 8am, but there was still a solid selection of tasty food (toast, muffins, bagels, cereal, coffee, juice etc)I would recommend the Comfort Inn By The Bay to anyone staying in San Francisco. It isn't luxury, but it isn't budget either. The staff are as friendly as efficient as in any other good hotel, and it is a comfortable and convenient base from which to explore the city.	
Mar 30 2005	Hotel Good...Parking Poor	We stayed here 3/23-24/05. The room was clean, beds very comfortable, blow dryers poor, fans needed in bathrooms, great view (10th fl.), location excellent. Would definantly book again. Parking &quot;opportunities&quot; are few. The garage does not have space for amount of rooms in hotel ($20 nightly fee), therefore if you do luck into a space, you may lose it when venturing out in the evening. Most sites are within walking distance. We inquired as to what program we should follow should we return with no &quot;space&quot; &amp; were told we would then have to find spot on street (yea that's &quot;real easy&quot;) and of course they would not add the parking fee to that night. Overall we enjoyed staying here. Plan eating breakfast somewhere else though...they didn't even have danishes or mini muffins, just bagels, toast, english muffins. And may I recommend for a quick sandwich...go to the Viking Sub Shop across the street. EXCELLENT SUBS! Forget the Italian restaurant next to it (I believe it is called the Lombard Cafe or Inn). Smell will take your appetite away. This was recommended by the staff...but believe me, you could only eat here if you had a real bad cold! Also you must stop by the Crepe stand on the Pier 39 (around shops) on 1st level...to die for...recommend the &quot;Jammin&quot;.	
Mar 25 2005	Horrible and not recommended	I arrived at the hotel with the hope of a great trip to San Francisco, however, I was quite disappointed. There were so many things wrong with the room that I questioned how much I was willing to spend for a stay at this establishment. Some of the things that were wrong were: the bathroom door lock did not lock, the bathroom did not have a fan so when someone would take a shower the mirror stayed fogged for a while, the furniture was chipped, and the size of the television resembled the size of my computer monitor. I have been quite pleased with the other comfort inn's that I have stayed at so I chose to stay at the other comfort inn in san francisco. At least that hotel was recently remodeled and the staff was friendly.	
Mar 25 2005 	Definitely will stay at this hotel again	I decided to stay at this comfort inn because I was disappointed with my stay at the other one. The staff was very friendly and upon check in I was asked if I needed directions getting anywhere, which I needed because San Francisco is a big difference from Bakersfield. I was very pleased with the room and it seemed new. The parking was free at this property, unlike the other property which charged us $20.00. One of the employees had given us a suggestion in walking a block and a half to catch a bus to the Fisherman's Wharf so we wouldn't have to worry about finding there, which was very helpful. The biggest plus was that they had non-smoking rooms and it was so nice because I hate reserving a non-smoking room and be stuck with a room that was covered in smoke. It was also nice to have a King bed. They also had free high speed internet access so I could get my work done and then my daughter could keep in touch with her friends. I was very pleased with this particular Comfort Inn and will be staying here again in the summer.	
Feb 15 2005	AMAZING!	This hotel is incredible! The exterior of the hotel looks like what you'd expect from a Comfort Inn, but that's where it ends. The lobby is immaculate, the staff is smiling and friendly and always quick to offer service. The furnishings appear new both in the lobby, the hallways, and the guestrooms.The hotel itself is located on a busy street which makes public transportation very convenient. Multiple bus lines stop within a block of the hotel and connections to other buses, streetcars, cablecars, and trains is simple. If you're a cab-taker, don't call ahead. Just step out the door and wave one down (it's much faster that way). Fisherman's Wharf is within easy walking distance. Lombard Street (world's crookedest street) is only four blocks away, but it's uphill all the way and the climb would challenge a mountain goat. Best of all, the hotel is off the touristy path. The surrounding area is almost entirely residential, so it's clean, safe, and quiet (and slightly less expensive than the touristy areas).I was really amazed by the size of the and comfort of the guestrooms. Even my room with one double-sized bed had two chairs and a table with room to spare. Plenty of dresser space and lots of hangars, too. Unless you opened the windows, you'd never know you were in the city - it was very quiet. The only noise I ever heard from the hallway was when people were talking directly in front of my door. I was steps away from the soda/ice machines and never even heard them. I didn't have a view of the bay, but it wasn't that important to me. From what I understand, it's worth paying for if you're into that kind of thing. The bed was comfortable. Housekeeping is very attentive - I couldn't find anything they missed. The bathrooms have a really cool light fixture: when you flip the switch, the light goes from dim to bright gradually and automatically. Very helpful to avoid blinding yourself when you have to make a midnight run. They have a curved shower curtain bar which makes the shower feel bigger and keeps you from rubbing up against the curtain while you're showering.There are only 11 floors and they have two elevators. Both are quick, clean, and spacious. You have to pass the front desk to get to the elevators, but they don't check to see if you're a guest. Anyone can walk in off the street and access guest floors, so follow standard safety precautions. They do have a security guard who works overnight in addition to the regular staff. I regularly took public transportation and walked the streets around the hotel at all hours of the night. The neighborhood seems very safe and well lit. I can say with certainty that this guy has the easiest job in town. It's nice that he's there, but he certainly doesn't have much to keep him busy, except maybe the newspaper.Somehow, this place only has 2 stars. Amazing! You'd be foolish to spend more money for the same facilities and services at another hotel. I'll definitely stay here again on my next trip to San Francisco!	
Jan 22 2005	We were thrilled!	We stayed here for 3 nights in January and were thrilled with the choice. The location of the hotel was excellent, close to public transport to downtown and a 10 min walk to Fishermans wharf and the cable and street cars. We had three people in our group and all were very comfortable. There was no problem with noise or anything else, the heating/cooling was efficient, the staff very helpful, the breakfast was substantial, the only thing that could have improved was having a fridge in the room but as the ice machine was only down the hall this wasn't a problem. Our suggestion to get a great rate is to shop around on the web and check trip advisor often for the reviews. We would certainly stay here again and recommend it to both friends and family!	
Dec 23 2004	What a wonderful wonderful Guy!	I'm a travel agent in the UK - I have 2 clients who chose the Comfort Inn by the Bay for part of their round-the-world honeymoon trip based on the reviews on this site and some reserach I did for them. Their relatives thought it would be nice to get them a bottle of champagne for Christmas Day - The sales manager of the hotel , Mr. Cruz, has spent his own time buying champagne and arranging for it to be in place for the guests to make their Christmas extra special. I have tried similar requests with 5 star plus properties (who shall remain nameless) only to be told that it's not possible for me to do. To get a level of dedication and service like this is exceptional and if it's indicative of the rest of the hotel this must be one amazing place.	
Dec 14 2004	Great location 	Stayed Nov 19 &amp; 20th, 2004. Great room with a view of the Golden Gate. Booked on the Comfort Inn web site &amp; got a managers rate of $89/night!!! The room was spacious, clean &amp; well appointed. Breakfast was included &amp; was a great start for our days of sightseeing. Neighbourhood was quiet &amp; safe, with a location central to many of this beautiful cities' attractions. Would definitely recommend this establishment to others &amp; will stay here if the opportunity for a return trip presents itself.	
Dec 14 2004	Great location!	Great location+++About 5 to 10 minutes walk to Fisherman's Wharf+++Wonderful Bay View+++Helpful stuff+++Very clean rooms, just a little bit cold at night (heating system didn't work very well)+++Various breakfast+++Small bathroom+++Very small parking places (it's exciting trying it with a bigger car!)+++For that little money I can really recommend it!	
Dec 13 2004	Good Location	Nice hotel, found a good room after changing a couple of times, away from the lifts and ice machine. Not a bad location, plenty of buses and only a short 10min walk to the water front. Be earlier to get the best car park, very small spaces and can be difficult to move the vehicle around. Would stay again.	
Nov 16 2004	Great Location	Stayed at this hotel November 13th-15th 2004.....Great hotel.... good value....great staff... close to everything ...walk to Fishermam's Wharf....or bus or cable car close by to other city areas. Heater was broken and the stafff had it repaired right away. Would stay here again.	
Oct 17 2004	Reasonable Price-Million Dollar View	Just spent the past weekend at the Comfort Inn By The Bay. Found it to be a reasonably priced hotel in a convenient location made even better by the fact that the staff was not on strike like a lot of the downtown hotels. An easy safe walk to the Bay area attractions. Continental breakfast provided is a real plus. I had a top floor room and found the Bridge/Bay view to be fantastic. My only complaint would be the traffic noise which is understandable at the corner of Van Ness and Lombard. Overall I was very pleased and would stay there again.	
Oct 8 2004	Good value 	Stayed here 3 nights during our first trip to San Francisco Sept 2004 and were happy with our choice. Not luxurious, but a well kept hotel with friendly, helpful staff. Good value (reasonable breakfast included). Reasonable location - 15 mins easy walk/$6 taxi to Fishermans Wharf. Probably worth the extra for a bay/bridge view room.Friendly bar across Lombard St, but don't bother with the Italian restaurant. - better to walk to the Cannery area/Fishermans Wharf.	
Oct 2 2004	Great Place!!!	My wife and I with our 4 year old daughter stayed at the Comfort Inn three nights during the last week of August.During our stay we found the staff to be very accomodative and courteous. The breakfast, although limited in selection, was very good and there was plenty of food. The room was clean and we had no problems.It was very centrally located for touing downtown San Fran.	
Sep 8 2004	Comfort Inn - a tourist class hotel	Read the negative review on the Comfort Inn and thought it was really unfair. I stayed here for a week last October and found it to be very satisfactory. This is a middle class tourist grade hotel. The rooms are well looked after, the staff is nice and there is a buffet breakfast provided each morning in the dining area for free with your room reservation. This hotel is not a high level, full service hotel and that is why the room rates are so reasonable. If someone wanted full service, bags carried, etc. they should go to a higher grade hotel. It would be like going to a hostel and expecting room service. I found the location wonderful, five blocks to Ghierdelli Square and Fisherman's Wharf, within one block of bus lines to downtown, Chinatown and the wharf area if you wanted to ride. The only thing that's a problem is the parking. It can be arranged for free with your room package, but the physical area of underground parking is very small, turns are close and it is not designed for large vehicles. We didn't have any problems, but vans, etc. did. This is basically a good hotel and I would recommend it to anyone who is not looking for the add-ons that are available in a more luxurious hotel. I found it a good value for my money in a city famous for its high hotel/housing rates - even better off season.	
Sep 3 2004	Horrible horrible service!	We booked a suite since we were travelling with 2 children and needed more running space. The first problem was when I inquired about getting a refrigerator for the room. (Note: All of the standard rooms have refrigerators, suites do not. What the...?!?) We needed it for medication for my daughter and milk for my son (an infant). They were unable to accomodate. Having been an insulin-dependant person for much of my adult life, I have NEVER had a problem getting a mini-fridge in any hotel room I have ever stayed in.The second nail in the coffin was when we tried to go to sleep the first night - there were only 2 pillows provided on the king bed (where there should be 3) and none for the queen sleeper. I called down and was told that I would have to come to the front desk to get the pillows. (Why should I, the guest, have to come retrieve something they forgot?) I get to the front desk and spoke with someone else than who I phoned and he was incredulous that I had never heard of the fact that extra pillows are kept in the drawers in the room. (I stay at hotels EXTREMEMLY often and have NEVER seen this - extra pillows are always provided on the shelf in the closet.) I went back upstairs from the front desk (without pillows) to check my room. There was one extra pillow. I needed a minimum of two. I called back down. Sorry, you'll have to come down to get your extra pillow. I was ticked off. I was JUST DOWN THERE! I told them to send it up and they continued to get cattier and cattier about the fact that they would not send it up. I hung up on them.To make a long story longer, there is NO SERVICE at this establishment. If something major came up at night, what would you do? The staff was unhelpful (and downright rude) and the customer is NEVER right here. AVOID!	
Sep 2 2004	Good value for money	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in August 2004.Nice hotel, on our arrival we were upgraded to a suite, very spacious room and bedroom, clean and well maintained.View of the Golden great bridge from our room.Good location to Fishermans wharf.Traffic noise from street, a little troublesome at times.Only complaint about hotel was there were no stairs, and at times would have prefered to use stairs rather and wait for one of the two lifts.Adequate complimentary breakfast.Good value for money.	
Aug 15 2004	Amazing view: book top floor!	Spectacular top floor view of Golden Gate Bridge and the Bay. Great central location. We had family room no car. Breakfast was satisfactory. Not cheap but San Fransisco is expensive.	
Aug 11 2004	Nice stay in San Francisco	We stayed at Comfort Inn by the Bay for a couple nights in late July 2004. The room was very nice, on the top floor with a great view of the city and the Golden Gate bridge. The location is a strong point, within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf and the cable car lines. The only problem is the parking situation. The garage is small for the hotel size, individual parking spaces are small as well, and there's a $20 per day parking fee. If you're picking up or returning a rental car in SF, think about whether you really need to have it during your stay here - it may not be worth the expense and hassle.	
Jul 20 2004	Great location!	My husband and I spent two nights at the Comfort Inn By The Bay on July 12 and 13, 2004. A friend from work recommended it to me and after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor we decided to give it a try. We were very pleased with this hotel! We had a double queen bed room on the 6th floor with a great view of the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge. The room was immaculately clean, the hotel was very well kept up and the hotel service was wonderful. You do not need a car because it is a very easy five minute walk down to Fisherman's Wharf and just a couple blocks from the cable cars. Buses can pick you up right outside the hotel on Van Ness. The only negative thing about staying here is that on the bay view side of the hotel there is a little street noise from the busy intersection on Lombard and Van Ness. It wasn't enough to interfere with our sleep and when the air conditioning was running you couldn't hear the noise at all. It would not stop us from staying here again and the view of the bay was worth being on that side of the hotel. The breakfast was good and there was always plenty of food. This hotel does not have swimming pools, gyms, etc., but we didn't need those things...we were here to see San Francisco! If you just want a clean, safe feeling area to stay in while you tour the city this is it. We would have no problems staying here again.	
Jun 23 2004	Great experience at Comfort Inn by the Bay!	My boyfriend and I spent 4 nights at the Comfort Inn by the Bay over Memorial Day weekend (May 29-June 2, 2004) and we were thrilled with our experience! I was slightly nervous before our arrival, since I had booked the hotel sight unseen. Luckily I had nothing to worry about! The hotel seems newly renovated and is clean and comfortable. The hotel is in an EXCELLENT location - it's so close to lots of different sightseeing areas. Don't stay here if you want a lot of frills; but if you want a clean, cozy room and a hot shower every morning before you start sightseeing...this is the perfect spot!The hotel staff was courteous and helpful and we will definitely plan to stay here on our next trip to the city by the bay!	
Jun 20 2004	Good location Good deal.	We arrived at about 10.30pm after an 18 hour journey from the UK. The desk clerk was expecting us and even greeted me by name. Check in was quick and without any problems.The hotel is a five minute walk from the waterfront and about 10 minutes from the cable car terminus.The hotel was quiet and we felt very safe.We had a room on the city side with one Queen bed. Our room had been recently decorated and the 'Sealy' bed looked just a few months old and very comfortable. The room was small but adequate. The rooms on the bay side are larger with two beds.Continental breakfast was basic but included in the price. There are cereals, toast, bagels, fruit, juices and coffe to choose from.Beware parking charges of $17 per day.We would stay there agian but perhaps chose a larger room.	
Jun 14 2004	Horrible hotel!	I was so very disappointed with this hotel. I felt safe staying at a well heard of hotel chain thinking I would not be leaving much to chance. The front desk staff is impersonal and impatient with questions. The rooms smell, there is no cable tv, the pillows on the beds are about the size of a piece of toast, and just as flat. The shower screamed and groaned when I turned it on and it had practically no water pressure. The pop machine was completely empty. Apparently with Comfort Inn you are just a number. There were absolutely no comforts that make staying in a hotel fun and relaxing. If you are going to San Fran stay somewhere else!!	
May 4 2004	'Great Comfort'  at the Comfort Inn	Stayed at the Comfort Inn By the Bay April 9/04 We arrived at 11:30 pm, after a 10 hour travel dayOur body's were still on East Coast time so we felt like it was 3:30 am. We were checked in fast and with friendly service. The front desk gave us complementary parking, because they had a high school choir staying there that night,which caused a little congestion on the elevators, as the kids were busy visiting all around the hotel, just having fun.She told us they had a midnight curfew, and two minutes after 12 you wouldn't have known they were in the hotel at all. The rooms were very clean and had been recently renovated. I found the hotel to be very quiet and we all got a great nights sleep. The next morning we walked to fisherman's Wharf, and around the water front before checking out. I would stay here again and would highly reccomend this property to my friends.	
Apr 15 2004	Great place to stay	We were very impressed since we had heard how expensive it is to stay in SF. Our room was very comfortable and best of all, VERY CLEAN. We got a good rate over the internet and the hotel was close to alot of the things we wanted to see. We would stay here again and recommend it to our friends. Thank you!	
Apr 10 2004	Perfect location and view		
Mar 15 2004	Great Hotel		
Feb 3 2004	Good but not great		
Nov 17 2003	Better than average		
Nov 14 2003	great location with a great price		
Oct 23 2003	One-night stay but would return		
Aug 31 2003	Excellent Location		
Aug 27 2003	Great place to stay		
May 19 2003	value for money		
May 15 2003	Great location		
Oct 12 2009 	pratique!		
Oct 7 2009 	speravo meglio		
Aug 9 2009 	Très bon hôtel		
Sep 10 2008 	Bon hôtel et super accueil		
Aug 21 2008 	Ottima posizione		
Jul 19 2008 	Hotel in guter Lage zu Fisherman´s Wharf		
Dec 28 2007	hotel Comfort inn By The Bay: ottima esperienza		
Nov 22 2007 	Très bon hotel dans sa catégorie		
Feb 27 2007	bon rapport qualite/prix		
