	Love this place!	My husband and I have been coming to this hotel for several years now. The location is excellent, the staff are wonderful, and the rooms are very comfortable. Lots of old fashioned charm. This hotel is like a home away from home. Also great access to shopping, North Beach, public transit and great restaurants.	
	The Petite Auberge Hotel is a treasure!	My husband and I had the pleasure of staying at the Petite Auberge Hotel recently. We were delighted with the friendly and courteous staff. The rooms are quaint, cozy and very comfortable. The in-room fireplace added so much to the charm of the hotel. The breakfast was delicious and exceeded our expectations. The Petite Auberge is a delightful change from large, impersonal hotels. I've already recommended The Petite Auberge to my friends. We look forward to staying again when in San Francisco. Dr. E. and Mr. J. Pieterse	
	Old Fashion Charm	We have stayed at the Petite Auberge several time in the last few years and think of it as our home away from home in the grand city of San Francisco. It is centrally located to all the great resturants, entertainment, and of course shopping! We will be back again when visiting San Francisco!	
	The Petite Auberge San Francisco Ca	This is one of the very best hotels that we have stayed at. Very fine service, friendly staff,Excellent room and a great breakfast. I would highly recommed it for your next trip to San Francisco	
Nov 21 2009 	Good SF Value	The Petite Auberge is well located in downtown SF only a few blocks from Union Square. Our room was comfortable but not fancy and faced a backyard garden of an adjacent building. The hallway on the second floor had stained carpet and the ambient noise of the neighborhood was significant during our stay. Despite these drawbacks positives included a very competitive price, helpful staff and fine breadfast.	
Nov 20 2009 	lovely	we were a little confused at check in as the Petite Auberge seems to be the unmanned hotel next door to the White Swan. However, our room was lovely with a great fireplace - although I have to admit that after a hard day's sightseeing it would have been nice to have a tv to laze in front of!! Nice lounge with coffee available and wine for guests in the early evening. Lots of character.	
Nov 11 2009 	Charm on the cheap	Rooms are tiny, and the hotel does not look as nice as it does in the pictures. They lay on the 'french countryside' look quite thick. But it's still very nice, and a great value, and the french-theme has its benefits, such as cheese and wine tastings. They clearly make more of an effort than other places with similar prices.	
Oct 24 2009 	Would stay there again	Just returned from 4 nights there. Room was &quot;cozy&quot; - code for somewhat small. The inn could use some updating. BUT - staff was friendly, breakfast was good and does save you $. I would prefer they vary the selection and the toaster does take forever. Loved the old elevator - you can get soft drinks and water whenever you like from the fridge downstairs. The street is a little scary at night but lots of the side streets are. You are 1 1/2 blocks from the cable car stop on Powell so it is pretty convenient.I'd stay there again.	
Oct 23 2009 	Disappointed in this hotel....shabby and not very clean.	I booked our stay at the Petite Auberge on the information in the Rough Guide to San Francisco - they rated it “luxurious and memorable with a sumptuous breakfast” - I would not agree with any of these statements. As far as we were concerned it was not luxurious - I thought it was shabby and not very clean and the breakfast was a very ordinary buffet with a toaster that took ten minutes to do one piece of bread and lukewarm coffee. It is situated within a few block of Union Square in a slightly run down area - sadly San Francisco is beset with an inordinate number of rough sleepers and vagrants and this area has a number of hostels and seems to attract them. Okay during the day but when you come back on foot at night this can be a little intimidating. The worst problem was the noise outside and inside the building - after being up for 24 hours the people in the room above ours must have had an early flight and they got up at 3.00 in the morning and banged and crashed and wheeled their luggage about and it felt like they were in the room with us. Also some people came back at one in the morning the corridors are very narrow and their loud voices woke us up as well - they even offer you ear plugs so we are not the only ones to complain. The blinds in our very small room were all ripped and the net curtains were dirty, there was hair in the bathroom which was not ours!! The bathroom was miniscule and the wash hand basin was in the bedroom ..... I hope that JDV group spend a little money on the hall carpets which were badly stained and dirty. I am glad that we spent the last three days of holiday in the Hotel Drisco in the peace and tranquillity of Pacific Heights. We were also charged 40 dollars to have our car parked.	
Oct 16 2009 	A fantastic hotel to stay in	We really enjoyed our stay at the Petite Auberge. They served a delicious breakfast that was different each day and the wine and cheese was so much fun. When asked what our favorite part of our trip to San Francisco was.. We replied...Coming back to Petite Auberge each day for the wine tasting to visit with all our new friends that we met from all over the world. The staff was very friendly and helpfull as well.	
Oct 12 2009 	FIRST STOP ON OUR ANNIVERSARY TRIP!	My hubby and I landed in San Francisco around noon and got here before 1pm- they were very nice to ket us check in early ! We stayed in the petite suite which is in the very back of the hotel with it's own terrace and enterance. It is lovely!We sat outside every evening on the cute iron furniture.The oom was nice- we had a jetted tub in the bathroom and a gas fireplace. The bed was pretty- hand painted King sized- very comfy.,We did have an issue with plumbin- but the management is top notch and more then made up for it!The hotel does need some cosmetic touch ups- peeling paint, bathroom fixtures etc. But they are always busy so I bet they cant schedule the maintaince.The breakfast is nice and saves you $$. I only wish they varied it- when you stay several days- it gets old- even if it is free.Same with the evening wine/snacks- free is perfect, but it they varied it it would be AMAZING!This is a good area- 2 blocks from the cable car. Felt very safe at night. Overall very nice!	
Oct 9 2009 	This is a charming hotel in a great location	This is a small boutique hotel just off Union Square. The rates were very reasonable - We booked the nonrefundable one. The website warns that the Cozy Queen room is small - It is, but reminded us of little French hotels where we have stayed. Who needs a big room in San Francisco anyway? You are only going to sleep in it, right? The buffet breakfast was great, especially the breads and muffins. If you happen to be there late in the afternoon, there is complimentary wine and cheese and sweets. No lobby computer, but the staff will confirm your flight and print your boarding passes. We would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Oct 5 2009 	Very cozy and homey bed and breakfast	The service was very pleasant and helpful. The room was absolutely charming and comfortable, also very clean. We stayed in the Deluxe King. The room had a fireplace, bookshelves, and nice windows to see some of the city. The social hour with wine and cheese was even better than I expected. We had to leave early so we didn't get to sample all of the breakfast, but what we did have was very fresh and tasty. The B&amp;B was only a few blocks from the street cars that go down to Fisherman's Wharf.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great value	Spent one night here in Sept. 09. Charming hotel and great value in an expensive city. We booked the cozy queen and it was quite adequate in size. Rate included breakfast and evening reception. Staff was friendly and welcoming.	
Oct 2 2009 	Just not that thrilled	We stayed in 6 different hotels during our summer vacation this year and sadly, this one was our least favorite. Perhaps my expectations were too high as I had read the reviews here and booked the room based on the high ranking that had been given. Now I'm just confused because so much of it didn't add up. I did not have a problem with the small room -that much I expected. However the shower was so small that my husband barely fit in it and the tile grout had blackened sections, suggesting a mildew issue that they apparently could not remedy. I personally had an issue with the placement of the faucet in the sink. In our room the faucet was positioned such that it was impossible to wash your hands without fully rubbing your hands against the back of the sink. Providing a faucet with a longer neck would fix that problem.There is no A/C, and again - I expected that. But you need to keep the windows open for fresh air and herein lies the problem...the noise. Street noise is somewhat tolerable if you are not a light sleeper, however the garbage pick-up in the alley at 5:00am was less than desirable and impossible to sleep through. To their credit, the hotel offers earplugs to their guests. Unfortunately, my husband did not sleep very well on either night we stayed at this hotel.Finding a person to talk to in the lobby is not a given as the sister hotel next door seems to hold greater favor with the staff. A note left at the front desk or on the front door will guide you to call or walk to the White Swan about 80% of the time.The wine reception is a nice idea and most seemed to enjoy it. We showed up just as the last clean glass was taken so we missed out. The breakfast was fairly good. When I add it all up - we didn't feel we got a good value for what we paid for our room (about $380.00 for 2 nights, incl. parking and taxes).On our last morning there, a maintenance man had to come up and check our bathroom to investigate the source of a water problem that was apparently leaking into the breakfast dining room a couple of floors below. It's an old hotel and I got the impression it is being maintained on a shoestring budget.If we had paid less for the stay maybe the little things wouldn't have bothered us so much. I'll stay elsewhere on my next trip to San Francisco.	
Sep 22 2009 	Wouldnt go back	Hotel was very pretty, service was fabulous. But the hotel is not well maintained, we may have just been unlucky but the first room we were in was so noisy we were moved to another which had a blocked toilet that flooded the room (and by the smell and wet floor this was not a new issue) then moved to a new room where the lights and tap didnt work. No rooms had curtains which is an issue for me as a light sleeper, no air con which contrary to popular belief IS needed in san francisco as it was warm and muggy. We were told to open the windows, its so noisy though that lead to no sleep either. Overall it was disappointing. I did send a complaint to the management but have had no reply. Hotel offers free wifi but it didnt work most of the time we were there. Oh and there is a $32 a night charge for valet parking and in a scarily busy part of SF we couldnt take the risk finding somewhere to leave the car so had to pay over $100 with taxes for 3 nights parking!Oh and the breakfast... it tries to be french cuisine but was poor choice to be honest	
Sep 21 2009 	Loved the place	Things we loved about the place: the over-all ambience, our room (Room 25), the central location, the other guests (mostly international), breakfast (variety of breads/rolls/pastries/hot&amp;cold cereal, eggs, sausage, fresh fruit), wine reception that included multiple cheeses, crackers, appetizers &amp; dessert (we are not drinkers - they also had teas &amp; coffee). The common area was comfortably cozy (yet another fireplace!) &amp; very condusive to enjoyable conversations with other guests.I don't know why anyone would stay in an institutionally-decorated, impersonal chain hotel when they could stay at a charming, comfortable inn like this.	
Sep 12 2009 	Excellent Stay	My husband I I stayed at the Petite Auberge about 3 weeks ago for 5 days. We had an excellent stay. We had one of the basic homes and it was more than adequate. We spent most of our time sightseeing, therefore we had no need for a large room. The staff was so helpful and accomodating. They went out of their way to give directions and recommend restaurants. The breakfast was good every morning, with plenty of healthy choices. We especially enjoyed the cookies that were put out every day as well as the fruit and drinks provided. Another thing that was not mentioned on this page was that the guests at the Petite Auberge could use the fitness room at the White Swan. This was especially nice for my husband who wanted to use the treadmill. Overall it was a great stay!	
Aug 20 2009 	This is the best B	The Petite Auberge is the most darling inn centrally located near Union Square. You can literally walk just 2 blocks to the cable car and 4 blocks to China Town. It is just so convenient. And the staff is so accomodating and professional as well. One of the best things they offer with your stay is a delightful breakfast and also wine and cheese in the afternoon after a full day of gadding about. Oh, and did I mention the fresh-made cookies that are available? The rooms are cozy too..most with fireplaces. I love San Francisco and this is the only place I will stay when I visit.	
Aug 9 2009 	great hotel great location	pleasantly surprised at the great location and the adorable ambience of the french country themed hotel, The staff is more than happy to give you tourist information that makes your visit even more enjoyable. Will definitely stay here again and have recommended it to family and friends. A room with the fireplace is a great touch. Carol Thomaier	
Aug 7 2009 	Fantastic Stay in San Francisco's Petite Auberge !!!	We spent 3 nights in that fantastic Petite Auberge at the end of our west coast trip. It was really perfectly in the right spot : 2 blocks from Union Square, it's vivid life and all the transports,( the Cable Car even stops a 100m from the hotel !), and still very quiet ! We had an adorable queen size-Fireplace room (n°45), spacious, comfortable, perfectly clean, and so completely romantic! The wine-time (instead of tea-time !), was the perfect spot to taste Californian Wine, and above all to have a fantastic moment to meet all the other guests of the hotel, and to exchange all the best things to do all over the place ! a really great melting pot, we met awesome people ! And of course, don't miss the breakfast, every day something different, fresh fruits, delicious ! We'll definitely come back to Petite Auberge !	
Aug 5 2009 	Loved our stay at the Petite Auberge	We stayed at the Petite Auberge for 3 nights in July. It was wonderful. The staff went above and beyond to make our stay a pleasant one. The room was perfect, the breakfast delicious, and the wine reception in the evening was a wonderful way to wind down after a long day of seeing the city. Melissa, our San Francisco Greeter was amazing. She had us all over the city seeing things that we definitely would have missed without her. I only wish we could have stayed longer. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. It was centrally located, close to trolleys and bus lines. Give it a try, you will be glad you did.	
Jul 30 2009 	Small room and very noisy	We chose Petite Auberge based on the reviews. Those who reviewed the hotel before must not have stayed in Room 22. The room was very small, with the bathroom the size of a cruise ship bathroom. The view was that of an ugly brick building across a small courtyard. When we first checked in, I asked if we could be moved since the room was next to the elevator and stairs, and within 20 feet of the lobby door. I was told the hotel was fully booked. As suspected, we were kept awake most of the night with the sound of the banging front door and elevator. This is not something they are unaware of since they supply you with a white noise machine in the room. Even at full volume, it could not drown out the sound of guests coming and going. If we had paid $59 a night, this might have been acceptable, but we expected better given the room cost and reviews. We will stay away from this hotel and it's sister hotel The Swan since they appear to be under the same management. If the hotel management reads this -- do your guests a favor and make room 22 a storage space!	
Jul 28 2009 	Home Away From Home	If you want a wonderful accommodation while visiting San Francisco, I suggest you stay at Petite Auberge. The room we occupied with the fireplace was charmingly decorated and very comfortable. Each day began with a wholesome hardy breakfast with a nice variety of selections, a great start for each day. Each evening, we were welcomed back with a delicious assortment of appetizers and choice of wines while enjoying interesting &amp; fun conversations with other guests. The staff at Petite Auberge was fantastic with their genuine friendliness and helpfulness. Petite Auberge is located in the heart of downtown San Francisco close to Cable Cars, Chinatown and wonderful restaurants. Petite Auberge was our perfect &quot;home away from home&quot;on our visit to San Francisco.	
Jul 28 2009 	Nice...but #12 rated out of all the hotels is SF???	This hotel has a great location, wonderful breakfasts, and cute rooms for the price. Make sure you ask for a room with a fireplace. My biggest complaint was getting hit in the face with a strong Pine-Sol/dirty wash cloth smell in the lobby and halls, always a red flag to me. Either the scent faded or I got used to it over my 4 day stay and since I traveled such a long distance and didn't plan on spending much time at the hotel, I didn't want to bother looking for another hotel. Overall a positive experience for the great central location, price, and room fireplace. Just lighten up on the cleaning fluids and use clean cloths/mops please.	
Jul 18 2009 	We Keep Coming Back	Every year in August we celebrate our wedding anniversary and if we happen to stay home, (we live in the Bay Area), we end up spending a weekend in the City and stay at the Petite Auberge. I have researched other hotels in SF and found bargains and nice reviews but when I get ready to book a room for us, we always end up at the Petite Auberge. The beds are comfy and the breakfast is good. We have met so many interesting people at the evening wine reception. As soon as we step in through the door from busy Bush Street we feel like we've stepped into another world, very French country and peaceful. Maybe someday we will visit another hotel but this one always seems to welcome us home.	
Jul 17 2009 	Disappointed. The hotel appears to have decided to cost cut in a big way	I say &quot;appears to have cost cut&quot; despite not staying there before because I can only imagine that the combination of excellent past reviews and substandard service now mean that changes must have been made.Going through the 5 different categories above:Cleanliness: Good standard of clean each day;Location: Excellent. Right near Union Square (shopping area), the cable car lines and generally quite a cool area;Rooms: I think I was in the &quot;Deluxe with fireplace&quot;. The concierge said, as he waited for the lift to help with our things, &quot;oh I didn't look at your room, you're in a good one&quot; with a surprising tone. I thought the room was pretty average myself; quite small, not a comfortable bed and just generally felt quite tired. It is worth noting that the room is done in quite an antiquey style, so if you like that then you may well like it more than i did. I am pretty indifferent to an antiquey style. Slight problem with the squeaky floor boards in the room above, but nothing major.Value: paid £150/$240 a night. I expect a lot more than I got for thisand finally...Service: There were a series of incidents which lead me to give this only 1/5:1. Whenever we needed to speak to the concierge/front desk we were pretty disappointed that there isn't one most of the time. There is a sign up at the entrance of the petite auberge which simply states - &quot;please go to our sister hotel - the White Swan Inn&quot;. It is only next door, but given I didn't have a key to it and that I was under the impression that my hotel would have its own reception I wasn't massively impressed. 2. Checking out was quite annoying, mainly as a result of the above again. I rung the reception (which didn't answer within 10 rings each of the 5-6 times we rung during our stay) and asked for my car from the valet (see below) Trying to save time I took our stuff out of the room and walked down the corrindor to the entrance. However there was no car for a while, I tried to call reception again (only the white swans of course) and there was no answer. I walked around the reception and asked if he could just call reception in the Petite Auberge, which I was sitting next to, unmanned of course, waiting for my car with our stuff. I was told that he didn't know how to work the phones so that would be possible. 3. They ask that you give 20-30 minutes for the car to come from the valet. 20-30 minutes? Madness. I can only assume it is because they have so few staff working at any one time to actually serve the guests. (There is a lot of mention of the cost of the valet in other reviews. This, however, is a red herring in my opinion. $32 for valet parking a night is actually the cheapest I saw in central San Francisco, so not a big deal. It is just an expensive city to park in. Possibly it is cheaper than the other valet because they require such long notice...)4. Finally the non reception staff seem to have been hired cheaply. The woman providing the breakfast was struggling to understand me and the cleaner seemed positively fearful of a question.Sorry to have written such a long review, but I felt that giving 1/5 for service required a lengthy explanation	
Jul 16 2009 	My new hotel in San Francisco	I am happy to report that I have found my new favorite hotel in San Francisco. The Petite Auberge has everything that I could possibly want. Quiet, peaceful location but easy walking distance to Union Square and Nob Hill. Comfortable beds, lovely decor, gracious staff, spotless rooms, amazing breakfasts...all those little touches that make you feel catered to. I have recommended the hotel to friends and now I recommend it to you.	
Jul 11 2009 	Wonderful stay!	It is pretty hard to make a review without repeating what others have said already. My main point is that it stands to its reputation as a quality hotel. One must know it is a pretty old building, so floors can be squeaky once in a while but if every one does not &quot;jump&quot; out of bed, everything's OK. As for prior complaints on hearing plumbing noises, mine only goes to fellow travelers who were discreet enough to take a shower after 1AM... Otherwise no noise, even from the street (we were in room 31 up front on second floor).There were not that many people when we were there 1st week of July and we were pretty much often out in the city, so we only went once to the 5PM wine and cheese but liked it and met very nice people.Location is terrific : 2 streets away from cable car on Powell, walkable distance to North Beach (Italian restaurants) and China Town and downtown shopping. Lots of restaurants in the area, deli across the street if you want some munchies or extra wine.Staff is very nice and provided us with lots of relevant info on sightseeing.If we ever go back to Frisco, we will DEFINITELY return to the Petite Auberge.	
Jul 10 2009 	Home from home	As a solo traveller I was very pleased to find a home from home, safe friendly environment at Petite Auberge. The service was friendly and welcoming, accomodation very comfortable. Facilities and information offered by the hotel were very satisfactory for a visit to SF (maps, info, resto guides). The evening wine reception was so enjoyable and I went for dinner with fellow guests one evening as a result of mingling and chatting about our adventures....can't think of anything negative to say about the place...it really captures something that the larger/chain hotels cannot.	
Jul 5 2009 	Comfort attention to detail prime location in SF	I will return to the hotel next time I visit San Francisco. Upon check in we were given a print out of recommended restaurants in the area. A list of events in the surrounding area was prominently displayed as well as a selection of free guide magazines. The hotel staff was very helpful from the front desk, housekeeping, to the lovely ladies who organized the breakfast area. Complementary breakfast in the morning was buffet style. Quiche, french toast,sausage,oatmeal, fresh fruit, assorted pastries,fresh juice, coffee, tea etc. The seating area was decorated with a lovely mural that reminded me of one I saw in France. Beautiful. Although the room was spacious and well maintained we enjoyed finishing our day of touring San Francisco by relaxing in the downstairs living room next to the fireplace with a good book. The hotel is in a comfortable neighborhood, safe to walk around, convenient to mini grocers, a wonderful pizza parlour, the Powell St. cable car, BART, Chinatown and so much more.	
Jul 1 2009 	The Petite Auberge is our home while staying in San Francisco.	We have now stayed at the Petite Auberge 5 times in the last 5 years and each stay has been a pleasure. On our recent stay, we were pleased to hear many first time visitors finding the same delight with the Petite Auberge as we have come to expect. The breakfasts are great, and the evening wine gathering is a good time to meet other travelers. This is the perfect location for walking San Francisco, catching the cable car or just feeling at home in the neighborhood.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Place Great Memories...............many thanks.	Our stay all too short at the Petite Auberge, San Francisco came art the end of a 3 week road trip crammed with happy memories. We had picked and booked the hotel using the on-line booking service and had relied on the hotel web site and Trip Advisor to inform our choice. We were not disappointed. We arrived at about 18.30 and were warmly welcomed and offered (free!) Californian Chardonay, salad, cheese and biscuits. Very welcome! It turned out that this spread is laid out in the comfortable lounge each evening from about 17.30. This provided a great opportunity to meet and exchange stories with our fellow guests. There were also delicious home baked, (I assume), cake and cookies with tea and coffee available at all times. The complementary breakfast bufet offered a good selection with fresh cooked hot options. This spread set us up for a hard days sightseeing and gallery visiting. The hotel seemed well positioned with Union Square just 10mins. away. This is a great character hotel and I would say it was a bit special.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great anniversary trip!	My husband and I stayed at the Petite Auberge earlier this month for our 30th anniversary. Three nights...wonderful atmosphere, breakfast each morning was delicious, and the location was perfect.	
Jun 28 2009 	Felt like a second home in a great location for a terrific price!	Great service! We were treated like family by the wonderful staff. This hotel is exceptional value. Breakfast is included. Wine and snacks are free in the evening in the cozy lounge. The location is perfect. 5 minutes walk from Union Square. This is an ideal, welcoming bed and breakfast style place in a perfect location. With the breakfast and the evening snacks and wine included, this is unbeatable value. We will definitely be back!	
Jun 26 2009 	You can't do better in San Francisco!!!!!	The purpose of my trip was both business and pleasure. While my colleagues stayed at one of the major hotel chains, I was at one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. They were quite jealous as I described my wonderful oasis in the big city. Petite Auberge had everything. The location in Union Square was perfect. Clean, beautifully decorated rooms, a friendly, extremely helpful staff, excellent breakfasts and a lovely wine reception each afternoon where I could meet some of the other guests are some of it's highlights. And, of course, the fireplace in the room was most appreciated after a gruelling day of meetings. No research need for my next San Francisco trip...I will definitely return to Petit Auberge!!!	
Jun 26 2009 	Great Place to Stay!	I am from Texas and I wanted to get the San Francisco experience a little bit and our family got it here. This was a great place to stay. Everything was so easy, check in, gentleman carried our bags to our room, the clean room, the view of the street, was a great experience. I would stay again and tell anyone I knew to stay there, great place.	
Jun 22 2009 	Saved by the great service	This boutique hotel is ok, but could be great with some updating. The staff here are exceptional....the concierge was so eager to assist with our plans and making reservations. Everyone from the valet to housekeeping greeted you with a smile. I booked two rooms, one for my husband and me, and one for my parents. Each of our rooms cost the exact same however, my parents room was very small, and the bathroom had a stand up shower with no tub that could use a serious scrubbing. Our room was much larger with a fireplace and a tub shower. The sink in our room was a little questionable with the dry wall behind it crumbling a bit from water damage, nothing a little caulk couldn't fix. I would only go back if I knew I would get the larger of the two rooms. There was a lot of street noise and noise from the people next to us. On the other hand, the location was excellent, and the staff was so pleasant, I was able to forget about some of the negatives.	
Jun 9 2009 	Friendly staff but tiny and noisy with plumbing and cleanliness issues.	We stayed one night in June. We booked because of the great Tripadvisor reviews and we have stayed at two other jdv hotels with great success. (Try Hotel Los Gatos if you are staying in the Silicon Valley) While the staff was very friendly and helpful, we just don't understand the rave reviews. Our room was tiny. We could hear the noise on Bush street all night and especially early morining. Dual paned windows would have made it acceptable. Our sink was clogged and we had several black hairs in our shower. My wife was so grossed out by the bathroom she refused to shower there. Breakfast was very basic.	
Apr 28 2009 	We won't stay anywhere else!	We have stayed at the Petite Auberge several times in the past five years and have always been delighted with the ambience. The full, and I do mean full, breakfast in the morning is incredible and it's a chance to chat with guests from all over the world about their plans for the day. In the evening everyone gathers in front of the fireplace for wine and delicious hors d'oerves and for a chance to share their sight seeing adventures. Every time we go to Petite Auberge we are greeted warmly by staff and the whole time we are there we are treated like we are someone special. Only drawback is the expense of the parking garage that is associated with the hotel so we searched around for a place that was cheaper. One great thing is that Petite Auberge is only a couple blocks from the Cable Car . We happen to like to walk and have often walked to Chinatown, Union Square, and points beyond including many fine restaurants. We love this quaint little hotel and won't stay anywhere else!	
Apr 25 2009 	It felt like home	The Petite Auberge was an incredibly pleasant surprise. Even after reading the rave reviews, we were amazed at our stay there. In fact, of all the things we did in San Francisco, and we did plenty, the Petite Auberge was the highlight of the trip. The hotel was clean and the atmosphere was relaxed and homey. The rooms were comfortable although a bit small. We upgraded to a larger room with a fireplace for a minimal charge and were glad we did. What sets the Petite Auberge apart is the services and relaxed atmosphere. Breakfast is served buffet style. The food is just put out and you help yourself. The food normally included a quiche, waffles or some other egg dish, some sausage or meat, cereals, fresh fruit, muffins and pastries, and a very wide choice of breads. A choice of juices, coffees, and teas are available. The hotel offers cookies, apples, oranges, pop and bottled water free of charge throughout the day (and night). We used those ammenities to create a small lunch.Cocktail hour, or whatever it should be called was an extreme highlight. Supposedly from 5:00 -6:30, although it often went till 9:00 pm, wine is put out for guests along with cheese, crackers of various sorts, and often came with a salad and some other food such as a pasta dish one night, and a spice cake the other. During the week, we made a habit of attending this. Eating the food in a living room setting with a fireplace helped facilitate conversations amongst guests. Almost every day, we spent around 2.5 hours just talking to different guests. I have never experienced anything quite like it. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly, but they took a hands off approach which allowed guests to really feel like they could mingle. All in all, it was an incredibly positive experience that I would recommend to others.	
Apr 24 2009 	Heavenly Dream	This French Country Inn hotel is off the chart! The staff made me &amp; my spouse feel important and needed. Our room was in the 3rd floor, comfortable &amp; spacious enough for 2 people, we liked the windows facing the bed and when you look down is the serene garden. The queen size bed is comfortable and they gave us extra pillows for more comfort. DO NOT missed the complimentary breakfast! the food is excellent, soothing ambiance, newspaper ready to read, a 24hr all you can drink beverages plus ice, if you need it. You have to meet &quot;Filipina&quot; Patricia. She works hard, all smiles, very comforting lady &amp; always made the breakfast area refilled and cleaned. They also have a valet parking, our car came in &amp; out in tacked. The location is excellent, the price rate is affordable, the bathroom has everything you need and toilet works. I truly recommend this place to everyone to experience a heavenly dream. We love this hotel, we will come back again. You will wake up and leave with all smiles, especially with some free cookies!	
Apr 24 2009 	Charming hotel comfortable rooms delightful staff	Seeking a hotel with more charm than brass and glass, I was delighted to find Petite Auberge. The room I had was not large, but it was all I needed - clean, comfortable and welcoming. I liked being able to open my window and hear street sounds (not too loud). My stay was great and the price was extremely reasonable.	
Apr 11 2009	Perfect location great ambiance and yummy food!	We were here for 3 nights and would go back in a heartbeat. The location was wonderful - a few blocks from union square, great restaurant recommendations within walking distance. The breakfast was delicious - homemade bread, oatmeal, quiche - definitely as good as any B&amp;B in France! The afternoon wine was a great way to meet other hotel guests an relax before a night out. We had a great visit and would highly recommend the Petit Auberge!	
Apr 11 2009 	This could be home.	Small apartments are the norm in San Francisco and staying at the Petite Auberge is really our &quot;Pied a Terre&quot; in the city. We stay twice a year, 2009 is our fourth year. There is valet parking but we don't come by car: San Francisco is a walking city. It's located in a good neighborhood so get out and explore! This is an historic building so expect quirks that go along with a structure its age, they are part of its charm. Complimentary full breakfast and an evening wine hour with a variety of appetizers are served buffet style in a quiet and cozy setting. There is also a small garden outside the dining room if you are looking for a more intimate setting. A small refrigerator is always stocked with water and soda. Every year it's been the same great staff so we are now on a first name and good-bye hugs basis with everyone. We've stayed in their King, Full Queen, and Cozy Queen rooms. Our favorite is the Full Queen at the back of the building where south facing bay windows let in a lot of light with the bonus of a view of a charming urban garden next door complete with trees taller than your fifth story view. We'll be back!!	
Apr 10 2009 	Awesome Hotel!!	Great hotel! Great staff! Great breakfast, and complimentary water, sodas, fruit etc. Love the fire place...Will definitely be back!	
Apr 9 2009 	It was an absolutely wonderful stay in San Francisco.	The Petite Auberge is a hidden gem in the city of San Francisco. The inn was comfortable, roomy, charming, and beautifully designed. It was also romantic with the large fireplace in our room. The staff was very professional and helpful. We would recommend the Petite Auberge Inn to all our friends and family. It was an absolutely wonderful stay in San Francisco.K&amp;K	
Apr 8 2009 	Lovely little hotel in the heart of the city.	The Petite Auberge is a lovely little hotel. We stayed in a deluxe Queen with fireplace whilst on honeymoon. The room was a really good size with a nice bathroom and plenty of light.Breakfast was very good with a good selection. The hotel is well located in easy walking distance of Union Square and the ferry building. There is a cable car stop just down the road.Like other reviewers I would recommend joining the JDV club prior to booking.	
Apr 8 2009 	Comfortable from the first minute to the last	My wife and I had the pleasure of spending a weekend in San Francisco and stayed at a comfortable, cozy, and inviting Hotel called Petite Auberge, 863 Bush St. It is styled after a French Country Inn. We were made to feel welcome and comfortable from the beginning to end. The employees treated us in a very courteous and accommodating manner. The valet service was excellent. The breakfasts were healthy and generous and the late afternoon wines and delights were relaxing and enjoyable in a cozy and comfortable setting. We enjoyed the stay at the Hotel to the extent that we booked it again for our Son and wife later in the month. The Hotel upgraded their room with a fireplace and will provide them with chocolate and champagne upon arrival. Quite a nice gesture we thought. Go soon and enjoy!	
Apr 3 2009 	I love this hotel!	I love this hotel. They gave us a great deal on our room for the second night. The room had a fireplace that simply lights with a switch and makes the room cozy right away. They brought us whatever we needed when we needed it, and with a smile on their faces. There was no problem checking in at 1 am when we arrived. The staff were just amazing the whole time. They always went the extra mile when asked...every time. They even brought us breakfast in bed when my husband requested it. And charged us nothing for the service! When we checked out, we mentioned that we wanted to leave our bags with the front desk so that we could walk down to Starbucks and spend a half hour sipping coffee, So, the bell man offered to go pick up our car from the garage and put our bags in for us. They told us to take our time, and that our car would be waiting for us when we returned. (Starbucks is about 5 blocks away, by the way). Union square is a calm walk away. North Beach is just through Chinatown...walkable, if you are wearing tennis. We've stayed there twice, for romantic getaways, and both times, the service, location, room cleanliness, comfort, and amenities (breakfast, wine and munchies, etc) were all perfect for our needs. Oh, but pay for the parking package and valet service at the hotel...it's worth it.	
Mar 25 2009 	A cozy haven at the end of a busy day.	I booked a room with a fireplace and I was so glad I did. I spent a lot of time either out walking in the brisk San Francisco spring breeze or in a chilly conference room (at another hotel) so to come &quot;home&quot; to my cozy room at the end of the day was an absolute pleasure. The 5 p.m. wine reception was also welcome and it was fun to relax and talk to other guests. This hotel has character, wonderful breakfasts, and genuine hospitality and it was very good value right downtown. I highly recommend it.	
Mar 16 2009 	A Fabulous Experience!	I stumbled upon this hotel on the internet and what a surprise! It was as good as (if not better than) the reviews I had read! The staff was wonderfully pleasant and accomodating - even at my request to check out a little later than I had planned. The wine reception was delightful and much needed after a long travel day! The room was very clean and cozy and added to my ability to feel refreshed the next day. The location in downtown SF was an added bonus - just a few minutes to Chinatown and Union Square! I slept with the windows slightly opened and couldn't even tell that I was even in the city! This is definitely one hotel on my favorites list!	
Mar 2 2009 	Cozy Warm and Welcoming Victorian Bed 	We found this B&amp;B on line, the website photos and description were very attractive. We had never stayed at a bed and breakfast before and were pleasantly surprised by the friendly staff and beautiful lobby as we arrived. We were not dissapointed. Parking is a dilema anywhere in SF but our car was immediately unloaded by a bellman and taken to a secure offsite lot (with in and out privelages)and our luggage was immediately taken to our room. We arrived a few minutes before the social hour was to close so it was held open for us to get to relax with other guests by the fire and unwind with a glass (or two) of wine and snacks. The B&amp;B was within walking distance of the shopping and financial district as well as the transportation hub for cable, bus and subway. We had breakfast in bed one morning( the service was great) and enjoyed the downstairs breakfast room another morning.Our room was very cozy and nicely decorated with french country decor. The fireplace added the perfect touch for our retreats back to the room. We felt very safe and comfortable our entire trip.We only had two discomforts that can be remedied: the pillows were not very comfortable (ask for others or bring your own) and the bathroom floors were cold (bare floors (bring your slippers?)	
Feb 27 2009 	Loved the decor	Our room was beautifully decorated and had a lovely fireplace. It was clean and well furnished with beautiful nicknacks. The location couldn't be better. Easy walking distance to Union Square, the top of Nob Hill, Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown and North Beach.. The staff was so very friendly and helpful. We loved the wine and appetizers each evening and met some very nice people there. What a charming elevator!	
Feb 27 2009 	Great value near Union Square	I stayed at Petite Auberge for a few nights on a business trip. Although not a typical business hotel, I found it very quaint, comfortable, and friendly. Also, it was a fantastic value. The rooms were nice, clean, and comfortable. The Internet access, critical for me, worked well. Breakfast was great. And, they made wonderful dinner recommendations at nearby restaurants that were delicious and reasonably priced. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 27 2009 	A bit of home in California.	We are in our 70's and had the most enjoyable visit we have had in a long time. Not only were we treated as a guest but also as part of a family. The guide provided helped us to make the most of our visit and we were able to walk to places we wanted to see.	
Feb 27 2009 	Just like an excellent hotel in Paris for budget travelers	One would immediately likes this hotel if he/she is &quot;educated&quot; as a Rick Steve style budget traveller. La Petite Auberge is certainly small, central, and friendly. Moreover, as its name implies, it feels just like a hotel in Paris (in terms of its size, style of elevator, soundproof-ness, etc), so it is characteristic. The cozy queen room where we stayed, which is small, has a shower just like what you can find at some small Paris hotels, and is warm. With respect to the low season price we got, PA is a great value. (Try to book on its own site, as there may be promotions with imaginative names solely available on the site.). After a week long trip from LA to SF and staying at chain hotels along the way, PA's complimentary breakfast was a godsend, and it was fun to taste Italian spice flavored quiche. There is also a reception from 5 to 7 with simple hors d'oeuvre, which is an interesting &quot;culture&quot; event worth experiencing (can't find in Paris). It is also worth noting that there is a free WiFi supplied via AT&amp;T now with a good reception (ask front desk for a password). The TV in our room was still 20' CRT but we didn't bother to turn it on since there were live opera show to be watched in SF, after finishing the complimentary hors d'oeuvre.We can't wait for returning to La Petite Auberge to claim a teddy bear that will be given to return visitors!	
Nov 26 2008 	Petite Auberge-Cozy and cute!	It was such a delight to stay at Petite Auberge for two nights. It is centrally located and the walk from Market/Powell is about ten minutes. As a Joy of Life Member (apply for free on the hotel's website), my boyfriend and I were upgraded to a queen guest room with a fireplace. We were also given a complimentary split of red wine and bon bons which was included in the free membership. The evening reception was fantastic (gourmet cheese and crackers, vegetable tray, apple streusel, and wine (red, white) and sherry. Bottled water is free. The complimentary breakfast was delicious (scrambled and boiled eggs, sausage, quiche, danishes, scones, croissants, assortment of breads (great sourdough, wheat, white), fresh cut fruit, coffee, tea, orange juice, and cranberry juice). The local paper was delivered every morning and they had USA Today available in the lounge with a fireplace. The hotel is very quaint and cozy and really does feel like a small French country inn. The hotel staff from the concierge to housekeeping were friendly and knowledgeable. The front desk recommended a great tapas place in the Mission District and also printed by boarding passes for me.I met a couple during the evening reception that told me they stayed at Petite Auberge 16 years ago. I can understand why they returned and I certainly plan to do the same the next time I visit SF!	
Nov 25 2008 	Highly recommend	The Petite Auberge was lovely. The staff members were kind and professional. The room was perfect, the breakfast was delicious, and the overall atmosphere was warm and inviting.	
Nov 18 2008 	A great find in San Francisco	The Petite Auberge on Bush Street in SFO was a great find. It's a small boutique hotel in Nob Hill. 1. Great location (a few blocks uphill from the Bart Station and the Powell Trolley line, minutes from the Chinatown Gate and Union Square)2. Lovely and helpful staff who took care of our needs almost immediately.3. Delicious and very complete breakfast 4. Wonderful complimentary wine reception in the evening where we made lots of new friends	
Nov 18 2008 	Wonderful stay	We stayed at the Petite Auberge from October 27 to 30th this year and thoroughly enjoyed it. The hotel is queit, ciomfortable, and the staff are extremely helpful. We had a king-size bed, and a fireplace, and both were welcoming after a long flight from Ireland. We arrived tired and it was great to feel welcomed and to be offered hospitability without any sense of being stinted. The hotel supplies freshly baked cookies on arrival, there is a coffee maker in the room, and there is a compolimentary wine reception in the evenings which is a great way of making friends with other guests if this is what you want. Breakrfasts, also complimentary, were substantial, with porridge, a cooked dish, and lovely fresh bakery products available. Any help needed was supplied by the friendly staff at the front desk. Rooms on the side of the second floor are quiet. The decor is a nicely judged French Provencal style, and fits in with the calm atmosphere. The lcoatuion is excellent too - a few mintues walk brings you to Union Square and the theatre district.	
Nov 18 2008	Charming Hideaway on Nob Hill	I spent one night in San Francisco and fell in love with The Petite Auberge. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the overall atmosphere was quaint and charming. Sipping wine in front of the fireplace and visiting with other guests from across the country added a special touch. I really enjoyed having a fireplace in my room. The breakfast was superb and I would go back in a minute.	
Nov 11 2008 	WHAT A LOVELY STAY!	I was in SF just last week for a conference and stumbled across this hotel during my search on the internet. The pictures are just so lovely from the site that I decided to find out more about it. It got really good marks from the fellow travelors on this site so I booked it! What an excellent choice it turned out to be! I booked a queen deluxe room and it was very spacious and completes with a lovely fireplace!!! It definitely comes in handy at night as it can get quite chilly! The wine reception everynight in addition to a jar of cookies everyday by the front desk makes it feel so cozy and personal. Staffs are really friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about all things SF. One huge plus is that it's very close to the cable car stop and close to all the shopping in town. (shopping areas are on my way to the conference center) All in all a gem in the hustling and bustling of the city. One minor bad thing (for me at least) about the stay is that the room faced the street. It got quite noisy on some nights (halloween etc) along with the traffic noise. BUT, obviously the hotel already anticipates that problem and offers ear plugs if you requestd. I will def stay there again next time i'm in town!	
Nov 10 2008 	Really really great stay	I recently attended a conference in San Francisco and my girlfriend and I stayed at the Petite Auberge for 4 nights. The hotel was wonderful. The staff was a pleasure - very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the tasty breakfasts and socializing with other guests at the happy hours. Cookies were also awesome. Loved the fireplace in the room. The mattress was a little tough, but I didn't care in the context of our wonderful experience. It's a very neat place with a wonderful atmosphere. Will absolutely stay there the next time I'm in SF.	
Nov 7 2008 	Excellent Value - Great Location - Friendly Staff	Recently I attended a conference in San Francisco at the Mosone Center. I was looking for a hotel within walking distance. Because I booked late, my choices were limited and was I lucky! Otherwise I would not have found this great little hotel &quot;Petite Auberge&quot;, that's just off Union Square. When it came up in the listing on Expedia, I wasn't sure, but I read some reviews and it looked good. I'm at 75+ room night per year traveler so I've stayed in my fair share of &quot;concrete boxes&quot;. This Inn looked interesting, from the description and photos it had &quot;character&quot;.The Petite Augerge is more of a Bed &amp; Breakfast than a &quot;hotel&quot;. The rooms are nicely appointed with antique furniture and small touches remicinent of a B&amp;B. I was fortunate to get a room with a working gas fireplace (very cozy)! There were books and knickknacks on the mantel (not screwed down), robes in the armoire, a comforter and big puffy pillows on the bed. The staff was exceptional. Very friendly, helpful and really gave off the feeling that they were happy to be there helping you.The hotel serves breakfast each morning, quiche, sausages, fresh fruit, hot and cold cereal, an assortment of breads and pastries. The food was delicious, and the dining room cozy. In the afternoons, they have a wine and cheese reception where guests can get together and meet. I was surprised at how well attended they were! I was able to meet fellow travelers from around the globe, and everyone was having as enjoyable a stay as I did. Because it's a B&amp;B style, you'll probably find that most of the guests tend to be mature and more professional (EG: quiet, polite and considerate)From a location standpoint, you couldn't ask for anything better. It's a few blocks from Union Square / Nobb Hill and a 1/2 blocks from the Powell Street Cable Car. There are plenty of restaurants to choose from within walking distance and the friendly knowledgeable staff will help you choose and give good directions to get you there. It is within walking distance of the Moscone Center if you are attending a conference, and a quick cab ride to Fishermans Wharf (I went twice and it was less than $8.00 each way) or you can take the Cable Cars.The Goods: Extremely clean, fantastic and I mean &quot;Fantastic&quot; Water Pressure in the shower, great decor, superb staff, great food, very central location, excellent value.The Bads: Well, nothing really. If you dis-like B&amp;B's, need extreme quite to sleep, don't like the occasional floor squeak or a little street noise or demand a fancy restaurant and bar in the lobby, then you might want to look elsewhere. Everyone else, this is a GREAT FIND.	
Nov 7 2008 	Petite Auberge Sweet Home away from Home	This is a great little hotel in the down town area. It is Close to Union Square and China Town and many attractions are within walking distance. We stayed in the petite suite and felt like a little place pulled out of the French countryside. The breakfast was great and with lots of variety and they also serve wine and cheeses around 5pm in a friendly living room area (with fireplace). It was all very good quality and both breakfast and wine/cheese included in the room price.But the best part was the fabulous service from everyone working at the hotel. They went out of their way to make our stay memorable. After our stay at the Petite Auberge I wouldn’t stay anywhere else while in San Francisco and hope to visit there again soon.	
Nov 5 2008	Cozy and Caring	What a treat to enter the cozy small inn and be treated to exceptional customer service and homemade cookies! It was chilly in the city that day, yet the quaint but immaculate surroundings, fireplaces and delicious food invited us to relax. This location is close to Union Square and public transportation to all sites. The staff is friendly, helpful and committed to making you feel welcome, comfortable and eager to return.	
Oct 30 2008 	The most wonderful place ...	Good friends had recommended Petite Auberge, as they stayed here many times in the past. It was our first visit to San Francisco and this location couldn't have been better. It was within walking distance to everywhere you want to go. It was also very comfortable and homey. We had the most wonderful room with a fireplace. Unfortunately, we missed the evening wine gathering, but the breakfast was a real treat. There were plenty of places to sit and eat or just hang out and relax. The cookies were AMAZING! We will definitely stay here again when we return to the area.	
Oct 7 2008 	Second time visitor remains impressed	We weren't sure we would have the same excellent experience almost 10 years after our first stay at the Petite Auberge. We remembered it as a very charming and cozy and in an excellent location for getting around on foot. My memories were so fond that I risked booking reservations for our traveling companions; two well traveled couples used to excellent accomodations. We weren't disappointed. Hardly showing any wear in those 10 years, the Petite Auberge didn't disappoint us. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and our reputation with our friends has remained intact.	
Oct 1 2008 	charming French country-style hotel	We enjoyed our stay at Petie Auberge, a small French country style hotel with an excellent location close to Union Square. The rooms are comfortable and well appointed; most have a fireplace. Bathrooms may be small, but are clean.The breakfast buffet is excellent with a wide selection of fresh choices. The daily wine reception with hors d'oeuvre in the late afternoon is a welcome treat after a day of walking around the city, and a good way to meet fellow guests and share the experiences of the city.Hotel staff are very helpful and seem to go out of their way to please guests -- not something you often find in large chain hotels.It is a small hotel with all the necessary amenities for a quiet, comfortable stay or a getaway. Although you will not find a pool or in-house restaurant, its central location to good restaurants and entertainment more than make up for this.We would definitely go back to Petite Auberge when we are in San Francisco again.	
Sep 25 2008 	Petite Auberge Welcome	Out second stay at this wonderful boutique hotel close to Nob Hill and Union Square. A very welcoming staff. You meet the nicest people at their late afternoon wine and snack hour and at the buffet breakfast. Breakfast buffet is good but not great and the wine and appetizers are excellent. Hope to come back many more times.	
Sep 11 2008 	Mixed Review	While we really wanted to LOVE this inn/b&amp;b, we found that the heating system in the room did not work. We were given an extra blanket one night, and then offered a space heater on our last night. Also, despite the fact that we booked the &quot;suite,&quot; we found that the bathroom, especially the walls in the toilet area, had not been properly cleaned in awhile. In spite of this, we did enjoy the breakfasts, and the wine/cheese afternoon spreads.	
Sep 1 2008 	If you'd prefer personal to corporate this is the place for you!	My wife and I are fairly seasoned travelers and generally prefer a small property to one of the big corporate properties. The Petite Auberge was an extraordinary find. They seem to have two sizes of room - big and little - and price accordingly. We stayed in a small room which was comfortable but a bit cramped. The posted photos show both styles of room and I would guess that some other reviewers thought they were getting the large room when they had paid for the small one. There is no A/C in the room and in SF you almost never need it but we were there during a hot spell and had to ask the front desk for a fan which was delivered in about three minutes and worked wonders. The open windows let in street noise but living in the city as we do we're used to that.The service and attention was terrific. Freshly baked cookies are available 24/7 and one evening we came back from dinner to face a home made pound cake with chocolate frosting: We were too full to say yes but I still regret it.The breakfasts are wonderful. For the life of me I can't understand why other reviewers would complain about them. Fresh quiches, fresh rolls, fresh fruit, fresh breads, boiled eggs, homemade oatmeal, juices and really good coffee. We could hardly believe it it was so good. Sort of spoiled us for the rest of the day.The location is just a block away from the Powell-Hyde Trolley and within walking distance of both Union Square and Chinatown. SF is hilly, really really hilly so if you're not in shape you're better off taking a cab. The neighborhood is mostly large apartment buildings with a mix of small businesses and small hotels. No problem there.No one should confuse this property with the Hyatt. It really is a matter of taste and preference but if you like small, personal properties when you travel you'll love this one.	
Jul 31 2008 	like at home	We stayed one night at ‘La petite auberge’ and i regretted we couldn’t stay longer. After a tour of 3 weeks in California and about 15 hotels visited, it is the one i prefered. The hotel is located in Bush street , close to Union square and Chinatown , very accessible by the public transports .Everything there is made to make you feel comfortable there. There is valet to help you to carry your luggage in your room , even if there is an elevator (i mention it because i learned by experience that it is not the case for all hotels in San Francisco, the elevator i mean ).The staff is friendly , very helpful : all of them were really very kind . They propose to keep your luggage the day you leave if you want to spend more time visiting and pick it up later. The hotel is really cosy , decorated like a a countryside french auberge. The room was not big but very clean and cosy with its fireplace ; ours was on the backyard, very silent, but probably those on the road are more noisy. A teddy bear was waiting for us on the bed :) and a note was wellcoming us. There was a coffeemaker. In a lovely room , you can take the complementary breakfast wich is one of the the best we had during our trip ! How pleasant it is before leaving for a long day walking around the city.Even though we didn’t take part to it , there is an afternoon happy hour , with wine, fruits etc .. and you cant get water , tea , coffe at any time. The newspaper is delivered at your door , what a surprise when we discovered it going out for breakfast ! We loved ‘La petite auberge’ ; as we wanted to stay in different places of the city , we had booked in another hotel for the next night (see my review about it ) ; despite of better reviews on TA, it was dispointing and we regretted much ‘La petite auberge’ which offers a much better rate quality/price.	
Jul 26 2008 	Charming!	We stayed for 3 nights - our first trip to San Fran. Boy did we luck out! This is a wonderful inn. Our room was beautifully decorated and had a gas fireplace. Very romantic (and practical for cooler nights). The staff bent over backwards for us - very friendly. If there is one area that could use some improvement it would be the breakfast. I would expect more than a breakfast lifted from a Comfort Inn. It didn't matter much though because after hiking up the San Fran hills and chasing cable cars, I would have eaten anything!	
Jul 26 2008 	fantastic small hotel	belfast northern ireland.my husband and i stayed in the petite auberge for six nights.although it really was,nt that cheap it was well worth the cost.the staff were all so helpful and friendly from the desk staff right down to the cleaners.we had one of the larger rooms with the fireplace which i loved..the breakfast was lovely and set us up for the day.in the evening the wine and snacks were also a treat but it meant we had such lovely chats with the other guests and made some new friends..we travelled along way and i was more than pleased with this cute hotel. i will be back.b. lilleybelfast	
Jul 20 2008 	Not as good as I hoped	The pictures and some reviews make this hotel to be amazing. However when we came to our room it was next to the reception desk, was stuffy, small and was nothing like what was on the website. As we had paid over US$220 per night for a room we refused to stay there.We ended up staying at the hotel next door also owned and run by this hotel. See review for that place (White Swan Inn).	
Jul 12 2008 	Petite Auberge was fantastic	My wife and I decided to visit San Francisco to celebrate our 25th anniversary. After extensive research, I chose to stay at the Petite Auberge based on location, cost, amenities, and reviews by others. I cannot stress enough how pleased we both were with our choice. The Petite Auberge far exceeded our expectations. When we arrived, we were given a beautiful room with a fireplace and large bay window. We found a bottle of champagne and chocolates, and a teddy bear on the bed! The room was clean and layed out well. Every morning we ate a wonderful breakfast at the hotel which saved us considerable time and money. The staff were all so friendly and helpful - and Andy is a delight! Our favorite part was the wine and hors d'oeuvre every evening. This feature was great for us to meet so many other nice people from all over the world. We could not find one flaw in this hotel and would certainly stay here any time we return to SF.	
Jul 11 2008 	Great bed and breakfast	Our stay at Petite Auberge exceeded our expectations. The room was lovely and clean! Each morning we had a wonderful breakfast and the highlight of our trip was the afternoon Happy Hour from 5-7pm. We met so many wonderful people and thoroughly enjoyed comparing our days adventures with each other. The hotel is within walking distance of Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf. The staff provided us with a list of area restaurants and each one was great! I also want to commend the staff. They were so friendly and helpful. I have never been to a hotel where the staff was so friendly and geniunely nice. Sure the Hotel is old, but not at all outdated, and very well kept. We will definitely stay there again if we go to San Francisco.	
Jul 11 2008 	Disappointed	Little soundproofing between floors, so kept awake by footsteps.Rather run down, and needs refurbishment. On a noisy street, close to Union square. Ideal for shopping, but that's about all.Room staff excellent. We were made to feel uncomfortable when my wife lit up a cigarette outside.	
Jul 6 2008 	Very disappointed	This is not the place to stay if you want a peaceful nights sleep! We were constantly woken up, either by really squeaky floorboards, clanking water pipes, the (really loud) sound when any neibouring room has a shower, and then finally by the maids being loud outside our door (for which they did apologise to be fair, but still!) It is very tired and in real need of an overhaul. Fine if you have low expectations but not if you like real comfort and peace &amp; quiet.	
Jun 30 2008 	Absolutely loved this hotel and its staff	From the moment we booked the room we were treated wonderfully. We were getting married in San Francisco and had heard great things about the PA. Our room was upgraded to a Deluxe King w/fireplace. They had champagne and chocolates waiting for us along with 2 teddy bears to keep. Every single employee treated us as royalty, or better yet as their family. Their breakfasts were wonderful and so was their afternoon wine and cheese. The hotel was so homey and comfortable it was indeed like being in a French Countryside Inn. Our room was delightful. Many, many thanks to all at the Petite Auberge .. especially, Anna, Mary, Tina, Andy, the day desk clerk whose name escapes me and manager Eric. These wonderful people and anyone else whose names I didn't get, made this a wedding and honeymoon we'll never forget. We will be back each year to spend our anniversary with you.	
Jun 15 2008 	Comfortable and friendly	Finding the right hotel is always a challenge when we travel. We avoid high rise hotels...the rooms feel airless and hermetically sealed. We like the ability to open a window.We had greatly enjoyed a small chain called the Four Sisters and, through that route, found La Petite Auberge, formerly related I believe. La Petite Auberge turned out to be perfect, with an excellent location close to everything, very comfortable room, and a staff that was always ready to assist to make our stay the best. High rise hotels do not generally offer breakfast, another reason for our choice. Definitely a timesaver and completely enjoyable with fellow travelers. Wine and cheese in the afternoon is just the right touch after a day of running around the city.Thanks to Petite Auberge and the friendliest, most helpful staff...we will definitely come again.	
Apr 21 2008	Great value and great location	This hotel surpassed our expectations. As an ex-pat but a native of San Francisco, I have been back to visit a few times when a hotel stay was necessary. With the Petite Auberge, things went well from the start. Friendly, competent person on the phone, rates adjusted down for the off-season, easy to find and drive to, a loading zone in front so we could park right at the door to unload our luggage - not to be taken for granted in downtown S.F.! Each person who was on duty at the desk during our stay proved to be very friendly, competent and knowledgeable. The room was small but clean, charmingly furnished, and comfortable. It was quiet for a room in the center of the city. Parking arrangements were practical. We know where to stay on our next visit &quot;home&quot;.	
Apr 14 2008	Could Have Been Better	The location was fine - a bit uphill if you're not in shape; the room was nice (deluxe queen); the food amenities averaged good. Wine and cheese in the evening very good but breakfast consisted of the same hot food every day - a not very good or hot quiche. Nice breads and fruit with some pastries but would have like more variation on the hot dishes and would have liked then hot. We were there during an unexpected hot spell and the rooms are not air conditioned. The windows open, but there is a lot of exterior noise from nearby bars and the streets which kept us awake two nights. More troubling is the noise from the water pipes in adjoining rooms which is substantial. This was particularly troubling since the room next to ours took EARLY showers (5:30 AM) that lasted more than 30 minutes. A call to the desk brought no relief. The staff was great and the room charming if a bit worn.	
Apr 12 2008 	Home away from home	I was SO delighted with my stay at Petite Auberge! I picked it because of a combination of location, price, &amp; projected ambience. Upon arrival, I was very pleasantly surprised at how the hotel exceeded my expectations. It was indeed convenient &amp; extremely affordable. It was also such a cozy, comfortable place! The set-up makes it feel more like visiting Grandma's house than staying in an urban hotel. The fun part about visiting shortly before Christmas was having a gorgeous tree &amp; &quot;presents&quot; in the living room, an environ made complete with a comfy sofa, a real fire in the fireplace, &amp; an endless supply of cookies &amp; hot chocolate. My bedroom felt like my own, not like an impersonal hotel suite. The bed itself was great - excellent mattress, pillows, &amp; linens - making it difficult for me to get out of the room to do anything else! Hotel staff was very courteous &amp; helpful throughout my stay. And the delicious breakfast was a great treat on a sleepy morning! Not everything was delicious...but most of it was! ;-) My only criticism (if one can call it that) is that the shower was EXTREMELY small. And I'm a rather small girl, so I don't know how a tall, broad man would fare! But the building is what it is, so there's only so much that can be done about that situation. It didn't make my stay any less enjoyable or relaxing. I REALLY love this place &amp; will absolutely stay there again.!	
Mar 21 2008 	Perfect!	My husband and I stayed at Petite Auberge March 8-14, 2008. What a gem! I am from the east coast and this quaint B&amp;B reminded me of similar places in Cape May, NJ. All of the staff was courteous and helpful and the breakfasts were delicious. In the late afternoon wine, cheese and fruit were put out in front of a lovely gas fireplace. The location was ideal with public transportation only two blocks away. Our room was a deluxe queen with fireplace. Lovely bay windows and roomy but the entire establishment is showing its age and is in need of fresh paint. Not dirty - just time for a facelift.Absolutely would recommend the Petit Auberge. Made our San Francisco vacation extra special.	
Mar 18 2008 	Special place - very charming	Staying at Petite Auberge was part of a romantic trip - first Las Vegas, then two days in San Francisco. (I know... odd mixture)Be warned: It is a bit of a shock, when you come from one of these huge rooms you find in Vegas - with big bath, a bed the size of a complete Japanese hotel ROOM, flatscreen TV, etc.On arrival I entered the room first, and turned back to my &quot;significant other&quot; with &quot;you'll kill me for choosing this&quot;. Put it down to cultural shock! Small room, and one queen sized bed for two rather tall grown-ups - you got to be in love for enjoying this :) We enjoyed our weekend (2 nights) very much: The hotel is very clean and furnished with a deep love for details. Antique bed / desk / wardrobe, porcelaine doorknobs (probably authentic, too), lots of laced pillows and stuff -a wonderful, cosy place for a romantic weekend. If you are really head over heels (as we are), you'll even find the strange Spanish girl funny that might be catering your Sunday breakfast... a bit harsh and difficult to understand - but nothing that spoils your day. The neighbourhood is rather run down, as can be read in other reviews - but there's a liquor shop at the next corner hill-down (urgently needed after a dinner at an Indian restaurant - food tasted good, but shouldn't have looked into the kitchen...) and a surprisingly good takeaway pizza place next corner hill-up. A cable car stop is not far, and all in all I think the location is ok to give a good base for trips to almost any part of the town.Nice idea for single travellers: they have a wine tasting (= get-together) every evening. Meet other guests and maybe explore the city together. The &quot;White Swan&quot; next door apparently offers the same - with the possibility to have breakfast or wine tasting at the other house.	
Mar 5 2008 	Hidden gem with many perks!	The Petie Auberge was perfect for our San Francisco stay. This little European style B&amp;B complimented the European feel of the city perfectly. Breakfast was delicious, and the wine reception was such a great break after a long day of walking up and down the hills! The staff was very friendly and helpful. The best perk of the stay, however, was the afternoon spent with our complimentary Golden Gate Greeter. Our tour guide, Adrienne, was wonderful. We scoured the whole city experiencing neighborhoods and seeing sites we would have never found on our own.	
Mar 3 2008	Cute clean and cozy	My group of 4 people (2 couples) stayed here for a night in the city in January. From the cute bears displayed throughout the hotel, to the breakfast service in the morning, we had an amazing time. The location is good, especially if you're planning on visiting Union Square -- we spent most of our time in North Beach, but just used cabs to get around.We all had a great time, and highly recommend the Petite Auberge for a romantic getaway in San Francisco.	
Mar 2 2008 	Great mini vacation	I presented a workshop in San Mateo on Feb 2 and my wife and I decided to make it a long weekend. She arrived first and was received with the upmost courtesy. A very nice young man (he later said he was born in Vietnam) helped her with her suitcase. He later walked us to the White Swan (a sister property) to help us get an umbrella. The hotel is very near Chinatown, cable car line (buy a daily pass, it is worth it) and Union Square so she went shopping while I worked. The room was not large, but it was very romantic. I selected a queen bed with fireplace, it is worth the extra money. The hotel hosts a wine tasting every afternoon, an excellent touch. The hotel also provides a very good breakfast. We made an excellent choice selecting this hotel.	
Jan 19 2008 	Best Service Ever	My SO and I stayed in this hotel for Macworld 2008 and absolutely loved it. The room was very comfortable, and was furnished beautifully with period style furnishings which made it seem cozy and very un-hotel like. The bed was great, with fluffy feather pillows and a warm coverlet that was perfect for snuggling under. The breakfast was very nice, and was served in an adorably muraled room downstairs. Arrangements could be made to have it brought up as well, if you wished. Perhaps the best part of the hotel was the excellent service. Everyone seemed to remember who we were and which room was ours. The front desk staff seemed genuinely interested in how our trip was going, and were always helpful with suggestions. Leaving our car with the valet was effortless, even when we forgot something in the car and had to have it brought back around so we could retrieve it. The front desk staff was also happy to store our bags for us after we checked out on our last day, so we could leave our car and have a walking tour of nearby China Town and Market Street.	
Jan 6 2008	Highly Recommended!	We stayed at the Petite Auberge in September 2007 and we simply loved it!The location was great. We didn't rent a car during our stay, but the hotel is just a short walk from the California cable car line as well as the Powell-Mason and Powell-Hyde cable car lines and so, we were able to get to all of our destinations without any problems. The hotel is also a short walk to Union Square if you feel like doing some shopping. While at the Petite Auberge, we found the rooms to be very cozy. We were never cold in the room and the gas fireplace was great! Overall, the room was clean. The only downside to the room was the walls were fairly thin, so we could hear our next door neighbors come back in the evening. Nevertheless, the room was quiet and we had no trouble sleeping during the night.The staff was very friendly and helpful in offering us advice during our stay. The breakfast buffet downstairs was pretty good and although we never had a chance to enjoy the common room, we noticed that other travelers seemed to be really enjoying themselves. The free bottled spring water was also great!We would definitely stay at this hotel again and we highly recommend this hotel to other travelers. Enjoy!	
Jan 4 2008 	Great location but no insulation!	Petite Auberge is small, quaint and decorated with a fading French flair. An older member of the Joie De Vivre group, the rooms are in dire need of redecorating. Nestled in the heart of the city, the location was perfect for me, my two teenagers and another family with kids with their active grandmother. The staff was friendly, helpful, and always available. It was good to know from the hotel reservations website that the cost of parking our rented car was included in our rate. Breakfast next door at the White Swann Inn (also included) was good enough.Buffet style fresh fruit, oatmeal, do-it-yourself toast, supermarket pastries, and surprisingly excellent coffee.Our rooms were cozy looking with their working gas fireplaces, but unfortunately freezing cold. My room on the 3rd floor turned out to be above the alley where the garbage trucks arrived at 5:45am. My friends room on the 5th floor was large and sunny (it reminded me of the top floor room at the Hotel Le Tourville in Paris), but I wish I had had a squeegee with me to clean the filthy windows. Free hot tea, coffee, cold bottles of water and sodas along with apples and cookies are always available in the inviting basement living room that serves as the hotel common area. I knew I would never return when I decided to pour some hot water for a late night tea from the carafe that the staff keeps filled. I flicked on the light in the small kitchen just off the living room to reheat the water in the microwave. Yuch, yuch, yuch. The kitchen was so dirty I was nauseated.	
Dec 2 2007 	Petite Auberge - Great Hotel and great price	We had a delightful stay - charming room, wonderful breakfasts, great central location, helpful and friendly staff members and great price for a hotel stay in San Francisco -all made it a memorable experience. Unfortunately we never were able to attend their afternoon wine get togethers since we were out and about. We will go back to Petite Auberge if we ever travel to San Francisco again.	
Nov 24 2007	Horrible costumer service	Just to be clear - I did not stay at this hotel. I tried to stay at this hotel and while booking with Travelocity, I was assured rooms were available for my dates. I went through the multiple steps (including giving my credit card # twice) to book the room. The last step said &quot;ERROR - no rooms avialble&quot;. OK, fair enough, Travelocity isn't the hotel. Let's call the hotel directly. Two phone calls - no one picks up either time and a machine answers saying they will call the customer back - no return phone call. Forget it. Plenty of other places to stay in SF!	
Nov 16 2007	Petite Auberge Getaway Excellent!!!	Nov 2007My husband and I stayed at the Petite Auberge for the first time. We found this wonderful hideaway in the city we love to visit, San Francisco. From the moment we arrived we felt welcomed until our departure 3 days later. Everyone that worked there had a smile on their face and always asked if there was anything they could do for us.In a fast paced city here is this French Country Inn with a charming and romantic atmosphere. It is located between Nob Hill and Union Square and very accessible to shopping, restaurants and the transportation systems (Bart, cable car and buses).A gourmet breakfast is served every morning and hors d'oeuvres and wine are served in the evening. If you have to do a little work while on vacation there is free wireless internet available.I do suggest booking the Petite Auberge suite, it was fabulous. A jacuzzi tub, fireplace and a lot of other amenities. I will be back!! Dan &amp; Nancy Giallombardo	
Nov 13 2007	Loved the Petite Auberge	We just returned from 4 nights at the Petite Auberge in San Francisco. What a charming Inn. The room we had was a little on the small side. I believe they call it a &quot;cozy Queen&quot; That didn't matter. The rest of the stay there made up for it. The staff goes above and beyond to make you feel that you are the only one that matters.They see to your every need. From reservations for tours to restaurants. They help you with your luggage in and out. They call a cab for you. Just everything.The breakfast in wonderful and the afternoon munchies of wine and cheese were welcomed. It was fun having conversations with people over a glass of wine. So relaxing.I would go back again in a heartbeat.	
Nov 5 2007 	Loved th Petite Auberge	This hotel was so cute. Excellent location. Close to the trolleys. This location was built in the early 1900's. It was turned into a hotel 12 years ago. Elevator was the old style and very cool. Make sure you get a room with a fireplace. The other rooms are very small. Very clean and comfy. Comfortable Breakfast was good. Wine and cheese was good.	
Oct 30 2007 	Hidden Gem in San Francisco	The driver from the airport to this inn had never heard of this place, which worried me at first. But what a great little place niched in the heart of San Francisco. It's got a bed and breakfast feel (personalized service, nice complimentary breakfast) in the size of a smaller hotel. The front desk were incredibly amenable and willing to help in any way -- including directions, restaurant locations, etc. The only major negative - the wireless internet was really spotty. As a business traveler, there weren't any places to go to work on business documents so I was heavily reliant on my laptop. Overall a good stay at a great price for this city.	
Oct 2 2007 	A nice little oasis in the middle of the city!	Petite Auberge is located ideally in S.F. --- just south of Nob Hill, just north of Union Square and only a few blocks from China Town. We found the location to be so convenient!The room (Queen Superior) was adequate for space and nicely decorated...though a little tired. As you might imagine, with the windows open at night it was noisy --- but hey, this is the city! The breakfast and evening reception were nice, though unspectacular. We did meet some very nice people!The staff, for the most part, were helpful. Some seemed a little distracted when we asked for help. Not a problem! If you have a car I would recommend choosing the package which includes the valet parking. Whenever we needed the car it was there in approximately 10 minutes. Very effecient! By the way, the traffic was not as bad as I had expected.The highlight of the stay, however, was the Golden Gate greeter! This is offered complimentary and is not to be missed!! What a wonderful perk. A local volunteer escorts you around the town for several hours introducing you to the community and its distinctinve features. It was wonderful.Our favorite restaurant (within 3 blocks) was Cafe Andree. There are many small, wonderful restaurants nearby!We aren't fans of the big cities....but had a great stay at Petite Auberge in S.F.J &amp; M in Richmond	
Sep 24 2007 	Very Enjoyable Stay!	My wife and I celebrated our 30th anniversary with a trip to San Francisco and the surrounding area. Having been there numerous times since our honemoon in San Francisco in 1977, we wanted to stay at smaller hotels and or B&amp;B's rather than the larger chain hotels that are of similar design no matter the city. I looked online and found the Joie de Vivre group of hotels and booked one night at Petite Auberge. What a pleasant and enjoyable stay! The hotel is very close to Union Square so you can walk to much of the city. We tend to overdo the walking but it's good excercise.The staff was very friendly and helpful. Andy, the bellman showed us our room and offered a fan if we wished ( even tho no AC in room it was not needed). The room was well decorated with high ceilings, antique furniture, large windows, a gas fireplace, and the shower had good water pressure. Our most enjoyable part of the stay was the breakfast in the breakfast room downstairs. Fresh fruit, coffee, scones, etc. Very enjoyable and relaxing.We picked up a car across the street and left our bags at the hotel after we checked out. Andy (again) insisted on helping me carry them across the street. Very courteous. My wife and I definately recommend the Petite Auberge for a relaxing stay in SF.	
Sep 22 2007 	The Best small hotel in San Fran	A great location for Union Square and Chinatown. Also, for transportaion to Fisherman's Wharf (15-minute ride). Hotel is very clean and people friendly. The complimentary wine every nite is a great place to talk with other visitors and the bottled water to take on your excursions each day was great!! Would stay here next visit to San Fran	
Sep 20 2007 	Honeymoon in Frisco	My wife and I began our honeymoon with three nights at Petite Auberge in San Francisco. We had an extremely lovely time, staying in the suite at the back of the house. Though not an exceptionally picturesque view, the small deck off the back was a nice escape to sit out and have coffee.Inside the room was decorated as expected, but was ample in size. The bed was comfortable, though a little soft, as was the rest of the room. The bathroom was a little outdated, but there was nothing wrong with it. We loved the gas fireplace, and small wine fridge. Breakfast and happy hour wine and cheese were excellent times to meet other guests and enjoy pleasant treats. Also, the staff was quite helpful, often recommeding sites to see and restaurants to try. Overall, no negatives to cite.	
Sep 20 2007	Charming inn; ideal location	I had originally booked a DIFFERENT inn, based on tripadvisor recommendations. Escaped the other inn within a half-hour (see my other San Francisco review for reasons why), after calling to find out whether the Petite Auberge had a vacancy. They did. What a relief it was to find a place that lives up to its best reviews. The decor is antique (or reproduction antique) provincial French throughout. Rooms are decent-sized, very well kept, with decor that matches the public areas. Staff is more than helpful.Fresh-baked cookies and coffee are available in the tiny but adorable lobby, any time. Sumptuous breakfast downstairs includes quiches, tons of fresh fruit, croissants, and other delectable baked goods. There's a small, darling patio off the dining room but SF mornings tend to be chilly so I didn't see anyone take advantage of it while I was there.In the evenings, wine and cheese (or other snacks) are served in the sitting room and guests chat freely with one another. I imagine that most folks who choose a B&amp;B or small inn over a large impersonal hotel do so because they enjoy this sort of exchange with other travelers.A tiny European-style elevator serves the floors but I noticed that most guests, like me, used the stairs except when carrying luggage. The treads on the stairway from the second floor to the lobby are a little narrow, possibly because they've been carpeted when they weren't originally intended to be, and that limits the space for your foot. That, and the fact that wifi isn't offered free, unless you sign up for their &quot;club&quot; membership (free), are my only complaints with an otherwise perfect little inn.	
Sep 15 2007	Excellent location value hospitality breakfast and lodging.	By Michael A. Miller – Date of visit 8/28-29/07We stayed at the Petite Auberge as the last stop on a trip from San Diego to San Francisco and it was a delightful surprise set in Knob Hill district of the city. It is continently located and has easy access to all public transportation. We took the parking package and were pleased to have our car delivered, no questions asked whenever needed. The room, number 325, on the first floor was spacious, well decorated, and had a garden view. The breakfast was more than ample with many choices. Wine was server in the evening and cookies with tea were available in the afternoon. For those that like B&amp;B style living this was perfection.	
Sep 10 2007	A pleasant surprise	From the greeting upon arrival to the helpful, smiling assistance, we totally enjoyed our four night stay. The wine and cheese hour was a great way to unwind and meet new people for lively conversations. The breakfast every morning was delicious. I would visit again in a heartbeat.	
Sep 3 2007 	Charming hotel with great staff in Union Square	Every August, my daughter and I head to Union Square for back-to-school shopping. Usually, I choose a hotel very close to Union Square for the best price I can find. This year, I wanted a special hotel because we would also be celebrating my daughter's 16th birthday. When I made reservations at the Petite Auberge, I mentioned my daughter's birthday. A week before our arrival, the hotel staff called and offered an upgraded room in honor of my daughter's birthday. Very generous! The hotel is charming and quiet, within walking distance to Union Square. The hotel is not as close to Union Square as other hotels I have stayed at but I will definitely return to the Petite Auberge instead of staying somewhere closer to Union Square. The hotel staff are incredibly friendly and accomodating. We arrived at 10am and the staff had no problem holding our bags. They would have let us check in early except our room was not yet vacated. We were allowed to valet-park our car early as well. The valet parking staff are very responsive and we did not have to wait for our car to be parked or retrieved. The housekeeping staff knew what room we were in, directing me to the correct floor before I even realized I was on the wrong floor. Our room was clean, comfortable, and spacious with a bay window and fireplace. The bathroom was a bit small and the lighting in the bathroom could be better. The robes in the bathrooms are cozy and the bed was comfortable. The breakfast room on the lower floor was small but quaint. The breakfast itself was average. One nice touch at the Petite Auberge is the help-yourself refrigerator near the breakfast area. Complimentary bottled water and soft drinks are always available. I was definitely impressed with the high level of customer service and quality at the Petite Auberge and will return again in the future.	
Sep 3 2007 	Even better than expected	Stayed for 2 nights while visiting San Francisco...Had the feel of a beautiful French Country Inn...just what I was looking for. Especially enjoyed the fireplace in the room. My only problem is that I was awakened by the Sanitation Dept picking up garbage, I looked at the clock and it happened right around 5:30 each morning. Luckily, I was able to fall back to sleep.The hotel staff was extremely helpful in making dinner reservations and giving directions. The breakfast was enjoyable and the wine and cheese a treat! We enjoyed the whole experience and would most definately stay at this hotel the next time we visit this great city.	
Aug 27 2007 	Ambiance with a French accent	Whenever we require lodging for any of our East Coast trips, my husband and I generally prefer to stay at historic hotels, country inns or bed and breakfast establishments as they provide us with a relaxing atmosphere, casual setting and comfortable surroundings of home. We also enjoy the camaraderie usually offered by their friendly hosts and fellow travelers.  However, when we began searching for accommodations for a recent trip to the West Coast, we never expected to find anything that met our usual criteria. Imagine our surprise and delight when we came across an Internet listing for a boutique hotel with the warm and welcoming ambiance of a French country inn right in the heart of San Francisco! One glance at the website for Petite Auberge convinced us that we needn't search for accommodations any further. We reserved a cozy queen-sized bedroom with a corner fireplace and charming decor. Upon a very late arrival, we were greeted by a very gracious gentleman, who set the tone for our entire stay. The hospitable staff at Petite Auberge and all its extra amenities, including complimentary breakfasts and afternoon wine and cheese receptions, made our visit to San Francisco most enjoyable.  When making plans for future trips to California, we will most certainly plan to make reservations at this fine establishment or another member of the JDV hotel group.	
Aug 24 2007	Loved the Petite Auberge	I stayed at the Petite Auberge for 2 nights this past August. I loved this B and B. The location was perfect. it was within walking distance to almost every place I wanted to be.My room was described as a cozy queen. I found it to be quite comfortable and not at all cramped. (Sometimes cozy means very small).I stayed there alone and felt safe. It was cool at night so having a fireplace in my room was a luxury I don't have at home.Breakfast was yummy and was held in a lovely room downstairs. I woke up to the smell of coffee.I also appreciated the products left in the bathroom. They were not the standard items you would never use, but were aveda.I recommended this place to several friends and would gladly stay there again.	
Aug 13 2007 	Comfortable and Friendly	We found the Petite Auberge in one of Frommer's guide books and decided to try it on our first trip to San Francisco. The location was good and so was the price. The staff was very friendly and helpful (especially Andy). Our room was larger than expected. The bathroom was very nice. I loved the free breakfast - eggs, quiche, fresh fruit, cereal, pastries, toast, juice and coffee. They served wine and snacks late in the afternoon. It was a nice time to meet our fellow travelers and compare notes. It's not one of those huge, modern, big city hotels. If I ever get back to San Francisco I'd like to stay there again.	
Aug 10 2007 	Perfect boutique hotel!	We arrived at Petite Auberge and loved the hotel from the moment we walked in, it exceeded our expectations! The room was cozy and perfect, we felt as if we were staying in some one's home which is a very comfortable feeling (much nicer than staying in some of those big chain hotels). The wine and cheese by the fireplace in the evening was a delight, especially after our day in the city and it was a perfect chance to chat with other guests about their favorite places in San Francisco. Then to be able go back and sit next to our fireplace in our room and settle in for the evening was the best way to end the day. The breakfast the next morning in the dining and living area was lovely, the food was great and kept us going for most of the day. We are so pleased we came across your website, and next time we are in San Francisco we will definitely stay at Petite if it's available if not we will most likely choose one of the other JDV hotels. I work for a travel company so I have stayed in many many hotels and this was probably my best experience at a hotel, the service was fabulous, all the staff were extremely friendly, helpful, and very knowledgeable when it came to the city. The hotel itself was adorable, well decorated, clean and very cozy. We wish you were in more cities because other cities could use hotels like you! Everything about our stay at the hotel (and the city) was wonderful and we are quickly planning our return trip, hopefully for the near future! I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to San Francisco.	
Aug 9 2007 	A wonderful country inn in downtown San Francisco	My husband and I stayed at the Petite Auberge for our 25th wedding anniversary and found it to be everything we had hoped for. It was like staying with a big friendly family. The room was great. The fireplace made it feel cozy. The room was not enormous, but plenty big enough with a couch and a desk as well as a kingsize bed. The breakfasts were wonderful and quite substantial. At 5PM wine, cheese and crackers appeared and we enjoyed talking to people from other countries and learning about their journeys. I have never stayed at a hotel where the guests were so friendly with one another. The location was convenient for all that we planned to do and the staff was very helpful and accommodating. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 8 2007 	Perfect Place	This was our first trip to San Francisco as a couple. We were treated wonderfully by all staff members. They were extremely helpful in booking sightseeing tours and giving us directions on places we wanted to walk. Our room was delightful with the fireplace and we met many people during breakfast and at the afternoon reception. The food and beverages were delicious and such a variety. We couldn't have asked for a more perfect retreat. We are looking forward to staying again.	
Aug 2 2007 	Petite Auberge is "petite" but very cute!	I was pleased to find that the Petite Auberge was in a pretty good neighborhood. The interior decoration is super-cute...French cottage style. Very well done. The room was tiny, but well-decorated and suited our needs just fine. But beware...the shower stall in our room was VERY tiny. We hit the free breakfast buffet. It was pretty good. It included quiche, sausage patties, cold cereals, oatmeal, fruit, toast, pastries, and orange juice, cranberry juice, and coffee. Valet parking at first seemed pricey, but it's within the average for similar hotels.	
Jul 26 2007 	Wonderful stay at a wonderful B	We came from New York not knowing what to expect -- websites are often misleading -- but found the Petite Auberge to be a real treasure. The location is perfect for seeing all the sights, the room with a fireplace was beautifully appointed and romantic. Breakfast and the wine and cheese snacks in the afternoon were nicely done, and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. All in all, it made for a wonderful location to celebrate our 25th anniversary, and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 21 2007	Would not return to this hotel	Small hotel in great location. Rooms are narrow. If you wish to watch the TV, it is quite an ordeal. You must slide out the shelf that it is on in the armoire until it is in a precarious position and partially blocks access to the bathroom. The bathroom is very small but cute and functional. The fireplace is a nice touch. Room and street noise is moderate..best to bring earplugs. The breakfast room has terribly stained upholstery which is quite the turn-off. We will find another place to stay on our next visit.	
Jul 7 2007 	Great location in San Francisco	I have very mixed feeling about Petite Auberge (stayed 6 nights). There is much to love and a few things that just should not be at this kind of property. First the positives: great staff - very helpful front desk, service at the wine reception and breakfast was great and our housekeeper was absolutely delightful. The afternoon wine and nibblies were great and breakfast was the best we had during our 3 weeks in Northern California. The neutrals: we had one of the smaller rooms (cosy queen) and it was adaquate but nothing special (rather basic). For such a great location, the value was good by having the smaller room. Now the negatives: the biggest is the internet service. Petite Auberge is the only property that charged for internet service ($7.99/night) on our 3 weeks in Northern California. This was not disclosed (that I saw) on the Web site. At a property of this stature, I feel that this is a bit cheesy. The second issue is that many rooms face the back alley. Because nights in SF, even in the summer are quite cool, having the windows open is a delight. [BTW - I did not see A/C availability in the room but it might have been - open windows were great]. In the back alley, every morning around 5 a.m. is the garbage pickup. For about 10 min. there is quite a racket that you will not sleep through. So if you have a back alley room and do not have the windows closed and the heat on, I would inquire about the A/C and if available use it.	
Jul 5 2007 	Unbelievable!	We have stayed at this hotel before and, while we enjoyed the location and accomodations, after our last attempt to visit there this past June, we will never stay there again.It was supposed to be a romantic weekend getaway; we made the reservation and looked forward to returning to this charming, tiny hotel to celebrate our anniversary. When we arrived, they had no rooms available even though we had a confirmed reservation in writing. It took almost an hour for the staff to figure out what to do. We were sent to a &quot;sister&quot; property around the corner and were bitterly disappointed by the lack of courtesy and efficiency of the Petite Auberge staff. The rooms at Petite Auberge all have fireplaces, are beautifully decorated and are light and bright with a nice view from most windows. The alternative room that we were forced to stay in was dark, dingy, had no fireplace and had what I would call an &quot;ornamental window&quot; which was a piece of glass that faced a brick wall. (!) The room was not an acceptable alternative to the original at all! I do not normally post my experiences to sites like these, but in light of the very poor experience we had at a hotel that I had enjoyed staying at on previous visits, I felt compelled to share this experience.One thing to note: the property was previously owned by another group when we stayed there a couple years ago and has since changed ownership. Perhaps this is the reason for the horrific situation we experienced a couple weeks ago.	
Jun 27 2007 	A Lovely and Warm Place To be	My husband and I stayed here for our holiday in San Francisco. The hotel was so pretty inside. Our room was close to the front desk, but there was not any noise all the time we were there. The bed was big, nice and comfortable; they even put a RUSS teddy bear on the bed (Not for guest, it is only for decoration). Although the room was quite small, we did not find it a problem at all. The bathroom was nicely decorated, in French-countryside style. We had a shower room - and the water that comes out of it was so, so powerful, it almost skinned us! It was a GREAT shower with very high pressured water. The thing we need after a long walk around the city.On the basement was the breakfast and wine room. (Wine room meaning; the hotel serves cheese and wine in the afternoon). The breakfast was always quiche, plus a lot of fruit and maybe some sausages. I would rather have an English breakfast, but the breakfasts we had there were good.Coffee and tea 'flow' all day, all we have to do is to go to the basement. They also put some apples and cookies for guests.There is a small library at the basement, where there were few sofas and coffee tables. Also there was a fire place, so it made the room cozy.The staff at the front desk were very pleasant all throughout our stay. They give good directions and recommendation to places. The car park fee is USD32 a day, and when we were checking into the hotel, there was a car park right in front of the steps of the hotel,and we unloaded our stuff. Apparently, a car is allowed to park at that spot for several minutes, just enough time to take the things out of the car and checking in. Once we were finished with the front desk and got our room, the staff took our car to their car park, some 30 minutes away around the city.It is recommended that you ask the staff 1 hour before you actually need to depart or go somewhere. Having said that, we did not encounter any difficulties in getting our car. (At times, when we just got back from touring out of San Francisco city, our car was parked for more than an hour at that spot and the staff did not seem to worry to much about getting the car parked at their allocated car park area.)I like the hotel, because it is close to anywhere we wanted to go by foot. It is close to Chinatown, Fishermen's wraft, financial district and shopping centres.We plan to go to SF angain soon, and we will stay at Petite Auberge. It is such a lovely place to stay.Well recommended for everyone.	
Jun 25 2007 	Great B	The Petite Auberge was wonderful. It is centrally located in the city. The staff were very personable and curteous. They took the time to answer all of our questions and make suggestions as to were to visit, how to get there, etc. The room was very nice with a gas fireplace. Full breakfast buffet every morning, wine and assorted snacks and food at night, and cookies always in the lobby - all included with the very reasonable price of the room. I would recommend this B&amp;B to anyone. We had a great time in San Francisco with much of the credit going to Petite Auberge.	
Jun 20 2007 	Great room with even better service	My wife and I and our friends stayed in the hotel for two nights. Therooms were clean and in excellent condition. The breakfast was very good and the wine in the afternoon was a big plus after walking around San Francisco. The staff was very helpful suggesting places to visit and dine. Kevin and Steven on the desk were great and Luis for handling our laundry. Don't miss this wonderful little hotel.	
Jun 8 2007 	Fantastic B	Words can't detail, the quality and the friendliness found in this B&amp;B. Rooms were quaint and lovely. Specially prepared breakfast, was even more amazing. Everything was GREAT.	
May 30 2007	Great escape	Le Petite Auberge is a wonderful place to get away,celebrate or enjoy the sights of San Francisco.The afternoon wine hour is lovely and provides an opportunity to chat with other guests.The staff is helpful and and welcoming.Highly recommended are the rooms with fireplaces.The inn is welcoming yet you still can have your privacy.Highly recommended.	
May 25 2007	If you don't like soulless chain hotels	than this is the place to stay. It is a small, romantic B&amp;B in the middle of a large city. The staff is extremely courteous. Steve at the front desk is a font of information about the city and directed us to several great restaurants and site-seeing locations. He is friendly, polite and as asset to the hotel. The cleaning staff (who's names we, unfortunately, did not get) were there immediately whe we requested a room fan. It was an exceptionally hot weekend in SF. That, plus the water, the incredible breakfast and hominess of it made for a great stay. We had never stayed there before, but the people made us feel like we were valued regulars. Sure some of the rooms are small, but how much time will you spend in a room in such a fantastic city? Plus, the afternoon cookies were always delicious. I highly recommend this hotel for adults.	
May 22 2007 	Good return stay	We returned 20 years later for a second honeymoon. I am a little bit older and wiser now and still love this hotel. The location is great. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast tasty. We remembered the elevator noise and booked a bigger room. It was on the street side, a little noisy, but it's the city! Could use some updating. If you want a &quot;big box&quot; sterile hotel, this is not your place. If you want smaller, more personal and unique , then stay here.	
May 18 2007	Great vibe bad bad room	Petite Auberge is a lovely hotel with a great location. Sadly, when we booked we got a queen room without a fireplace. I said that sounded fine and when we showed up we got room 22. It is right next to the stairs and elevator which go ALL NIGHT. It was very hard to sleep and not a very restful room at all. When we checked out in the morning I let the gentleman at the front desk know it was hard to sleep because of all the noise and he said, &quot;Oh, yeah. We know&quot;. I suggested that in the future they inform people of the room situation and he just grunted. Not the reaction we was going for. While we would love to stay again, this behavior and attitude towards feedback is not acceptable and that is why we gave them a bad review. Book at your own risk!!	
May 11 2007	Comfortable room in a cental location	We would recommend this BED AND BREAKFAST style hotel, it was like staying in a house rather than a hotel so don’t stay if you want a bog standard hotel. Our tip would be to ask for a room away from the elevator.We stayed for 2 nights in April 2007, and booked direct with the hotel. We found it to be very comfortable, no frills in the SMALL room but everything you could need, except from maybe a bathtub (we stayed in a standard queen maybe other rooms had them). The bedroom was small but comfortable with a TV (in the cupboard however the top draw pulled out and the TV rotated so that you could watch TV in bed), heating, bathrobe and toiletries. The hotel was quiet, our room was not directly over the main street (Bush Street) which could have been a bit noisier but did not seem too busy a road for a big city like San Francisco. The view from the side of the hotel was over a run down building however this did not bother us as the room was quiet and you could open the windows. We arrived about an hour prior to check-in however the room was ready so we were able to check-in.Breakfast was nice with cereals, toast, pastries, hot sausage and bread and butter pudding. There were cookies available all day in reception, and also nibbles and drinks in the early evening. These were served in the basement where there was a sitting area with sofas and a gas effect open fire, a nice area to relax after a busy day. The soft drinks in the fridge and hot drinks were available all day free or charge so this was a bonus. There were a few steps leading up to the hotel from street level, which could maybe be a bit awkward with heavy cases for the less able, but there was a very helpful guy available to help if needed. He also took the bags up to the room (there was an elevator to all floors). We had to leave our valuables in a safety deposit box at the sister hotel (The White Swan) next door, we aren’t sure whether this was because the Petit Auberge didn’t have them or that they were all taken.The location of the hotel on Bush Street was very convenient, the cable car stop was only a couple of blocks away, and there were several nice restaurants in the area, especially our favourite Cheesecake Factory in Macy’s at Union Square!It seemed pretty safe walking back to the hotel at night. We hired a car from O’Farrell Street which was a convenient place about a 7 minute walk downhill from the hotel.We would highly recommend this hotel as location was great, with no minus points other than the view from the bedroom.	
May 8 2007 	Petite BUT Large	My husband and I have stayed at The Petite four different times, and each time just gets better. Recently, we spent our 36th Anniversary at The Petite and we were greated by Michael who showed us to our room - large Deluxe Queen w/Fireplace room at the back of the hotel. He and Steve had prepared the room for our Anniversary - a beautiful huge flower arrangement, bear w/balloons, Champagne, San Francisco Getaway Cards, and then he made reservations for our dinner.This hotel is older, but is has such character. The best rooms are the rooms with a fireplace to keep you warm on cool evenings. The room is supplied with wonderful towels, Aveda bath accessories, coffee maker (with coffee/condiments already waiting to be made), bathrobes, newspapers, magazines, books of all kinds and a writing desk for sharing your trip with family and friends.The staff is what makes this hotel. Michael, Steve, Andy, Patrica and others we have yet to really get to know. Andy is always helping out, giving out water/soda when you leave for touring, suggesting restaurants and sites to visit as well as handling luggage. Patrica makes the best breakfast in town. Everything is homemade and served very professionally. She makes sure the food is warm, replaced when getting low and is constantly cleaning up the Sun Room. Michael and Steve have a handle on the front desk - hotel reservations, restaurant reservations, theatre reservations, hailing cabbies, making tour reservations and never tire of being bothered by The Bongas! Anything you want, just ask, they will do everything in their power to accommodate you.We sadly left at 6:00 a.m. on our 5th day at The Petite - not getting to say goodbye to all our friendly family there. We highly recommend The Petite to everyone who loves to be pampered and we, ourselves, shall return soon.Diane and Leroy	
May 3 2007 	terrible	I though this hotel was terrible that was my first reaction and rude staff to boot. We arrive 5 minutes early and the receptionist was very offish.Matters not helped by our month old booking not being found even though it was through Hotels.com.(which is a huge company).So we were given the last room available which if you've traveled much means the worst room and that was next to the lift.The room was noisy and had a dreadful view of the run down building next door which was only 5m away, this creates a terrible view.Also if you are an asthmatic do not book this hotel as chintzy in this case means old and I became very unwell.I've included photos and the cupboard without the doors inlaid with that TV that you can’t watch from bed is a nice touch.I’ve traveled a great deal and this is a hotel living off old reviews.The only saving grace was the home made food, good cakes and the staff in the morning being very helpful but that is not enough for me to recommend this hotel.	
Apr 26 2007 	Nice property in great location	Stayed here 15 years ago when it was owned by another group and returned on a brief business trip. Rates were comparable or less to name brand hotels (Hilton, Marriott) in the city. The property boasts a great atmosphere. Not much of a lobby or other amenities onsite (conference room, workout facility) but they do offer a nice seating area and breakfast area. The breakfast is great -- hot oatmeal, cereals, breads, muffins, fruits, breakfast meats and variety of eggs. Bottled water and soft drinks are availabe 24/7 in a downstairs refrigerator. The rooms are well appointed, but not very big. My room, a queen with fireplace had a queen bed, a smallish bathroom with a tub/shower combination and two chairs for seating. This was not a room you would want to spend much time in as it wasn't too large. Would be tight for 2 people. But you're not in San Fran to sit in your room. Overall a real nice property with lots of character. If you want more amenities stay in the name brand hotels.	
Apr 25 2007 	Great Location	Stayed at the Petite Auberge in April for 3 Nights. Was looking mainly for a great location and wasn't disappointed. A short walk to Union Square and trollies which can take you all the way to Fishermans Warf. The Room was small but nice and clean - only problem was the noise from the lift shaft could be heard through the paper thin walls.Staff were friendly and helpful and made us feel welcome and comfortable.	
Mar 6 2007 	Lovely but loud	Stayed here during a conference at the Fairmont (two blocks away up two very steep blocks). This is a very charming hotel with a lot of nice touches. My room (the cheapest they had) was small but charming and comfy. The staff was all very friendly. Breakfast was wonderful, hot oatmeal, homemade bread, a frittata, waffles, lots of fruit.My only complaint, and it was significant, was that my lower level room was very loud late into the evening and again in the morning. It sounded as if someone was banging on garbage cans in the alley or something. The street noises were very loud too. If you are a light sleeper, I recommend springing for a room on a higher level. Overall though, it's a great location and a very charming property.	
Feb 23 2007	Loved the Petite Auberge San Francisco	We just returned from spending 3 days at the Petite Auberge in San Francisco. It was our 26th Anniversary on Valentine's Day and decided on Petite. We were treated graciously and very attentive by all the staff at the hotel. We loved having a fireplace in our room which made for a romantic getaway. The gourmet breakfasts were very good with a variety of foods each day. A special treat was the wine and canapes time each day starting at 5 pm. It gave us a chance to meet other guests and chat a while. Our room was well appointed including bathrobes and a coffee maker. The hotel staff were especially knowledgeable in knowing good restaurants, making reservations, calling cabs, giving directions for getting around, etc. The hotel is well located and close to many attractions. We highly recommend it to anyone wishing a stay in San Francisco.The Morenos, Pahrump, NV	
Jan 29 2007 	Fabulous Find	We just came back from a four night stay at Petite Auberge. What a terrific place and great location! Just a couple of blocks away from Union Square and a little bit of a hike (up and down the hills) to The Wharf. People at the hotel could not have been more accommodating. Room was great with a fireplace (quiet, clean and fine for us). Not a large room but it had every convenience we would want. The breakfast was delicious and the staff was busy putting things out and cleaning tables. Cookies were good, and the evening hors d'oeuvres were fun. The owners also own the White Swan Inn two doors down which had hot spots with wifi access. Great place--would highly recommend!	
Nov 16 2006 	A Great Place with great staff in a terrific location	My wife &amp; I are innkeepers so we're kinda picky about places we stay. We spent 2 nights at Petite Auberge &amp; were extremely glad that we did. Steve &amp; the other staff were very friendly &amp; helpful. The room ( #52 ) was clean &amp; comfortable even though the size was small. Breakfast was very good &amp; the afternoon wine/cheese gettogether was just right. The property is located in a happening and safe part of the city near great restaurants , cab pick ups, cable cars, etc. We will highly recommend PA to our friends, guests &amp; to whoever reads this. We will definately book a room here again when we return to San Francisco.	
Oct 23 2006 	Perfect location	We stayed at Petite Auberge for 3 nights to attend a wedding in Chinatown and Union Square. The location was perfect as we could walk to all the wedding events as well as many daytrip adventures. The staff was super helpful with planning our excursions, facilitating our requests and sharing all their local info for restaurants and attractions. The room was certainly what we expected for an older small city hotel-- charming, cozy and quirky, yet very clean and reasonably quiet. The windows opened (love the fresh air!) to a lovely courtyard garden with lots of sunlight which also lets in city noises, but coming from NY that wasn't an issue for us. Breakfast is indeed wonderful, homemade cookies and free access to cold bottled waters and drinks throughout the day and evening was such a nice extra.	
Oct 19 2006 	Noisy rooms!	While the location of this hotel and overal atmosphere are great, I have never experienced such paper thin walls in my life. I felt the people in the room above me were going to fall through. I heard every step and coversation. Granted, I am a light sleeper, but this hotel could use some updating. Staff were friendly and knowledgable. But I would not stay here again.	
Oct 16 2006 	Great location and service	Stayed 3 nights on way home to Australia. In very spacious fireplace room on my own, despite booking cheapest internet rate on site. Very helpful front desk staff, enjoyed the evening eats and wine tasting. San Francisco greeter also terrific. Great location. Walked my legs off but close to cable cars/bus as well. Very floral for a guy on his own but would happily go back with wife.	
Sep 12 2006	Charming character BB in big town San Fran	We hit the Petite Auberge right in the middle of the July heat wave. The room was very small, and hot but that was the only downfall. We absolutely loved the free bottled water (especially during the heat wave) and great breakfast. Also a nice surprise was Aveda products in the bathroom! When we mentioned our room was hot, the staff sent up a fan for us which helped alot. The front desk staff was wonderful, providing directions and answering all our questions (which I am sure they must get many times every day). They were always very friendly and made us feel at home.I was very impressed with the B&amp;B feeling that you don't normally get in a big city. The location was great as well, we walked to all the public transportation very easily. As long as you don't mind a small room (which is very common in San Fran) then I would highly recommend the Petite Auberge.	
Sep 8 2006 	Disappointed	My wife &amp; I often stayed at this quaint little hotel in the city before the change in ownership. Since coming under the corprate umbrella of a &quot;hospitality&quot; company, it has lost the charm and personal service that made it so refreshing. Our last stay was marked by a reduction in quality: food service and offerings for breakfast; room not clean, old carpet, dust, etc.; lack of friendly staff.I only write now because the Petite Auberge recently sent a postcard seeking our consideration of a promotion at the property. The answer is no. We do not intend to return. Anyone who recalls the former Petite Auberge will likely have the same answer. Sadly, it's the large hotel on Union Square for us now.	
Jul 24 2006 	The Best Kept Secret in San Francisco!	The Petite Auberge is tucked away, close to Union Square, Chinatown, and the trolley lines. It reminded us of our stay in Paris -- tiny room, but fantastic ambiance and service. Breakfast is served each morning in a delightfully decorated breakfast room. And I am talking about a full gourmet breakfast. Each evening (at 6 pm I recall) wine and hors d'oeuvres are served in the same area. We booked our room through gayot and got a great rate of $85/night -- in San Francisco!!!There is another small boutique hotel property 2 doors down owned by the same folks, the White Swan, and it is lovely too!Loved it and would love to return!!!	
Jul 16 2006	Looking forward to returning	We were in one of the rooms with a fireplace, adequate in size for two people, complete with comfortable mattress, reading lamps you could read by, and a clean and attractive bathroom.Petite Auberge is decorated to a fare-thee-well, but on the side of tastefulness. It truly recreates the feeling of an inn in France, except that here there is a sumptuous breakfast and not just a croissant, or piece of baguette, although these are offered, too. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. The location is convenient to nearby attractions and to public transportation. While the hotel may not offer some of the services of a large, commercial venture, it does offer something more important to me -- a distinct personality. Staying here added to the pleasures of our four days in San Francisco. It was tempting to just sit by the fire and read the hotel-provided newspaper for an hour.	
Jul 9 2006	Small but beautifully formed....reet petite	What a fabulous place! We stayed here for one night (regretably not longer) en route from San Francisco to Napa, having landed from England in the afternoon and not wanting to drive after such a long flight. After a one hour rest, we joined our fellow guests for some convivial conversation over the afternoon wine reception. Great fun! The breakfast was delightful and the staff could not do enough for us, even offering us bottled water for our onward journey. This is a fabulous place but don't expect the facilities of a large hotel. Our room was cosy but not large and the bathroom adequate. Personally, this was not a problem, but for some people it might be.	
Jun 8 2006	Not the best not the worst	My husband and I stayed at the Petite Auberge over Memorial Day weekend and it was so-so. There were some nice things about it and some not-so-nice things.Pros:Everyone was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. We arrived before 3:00 so we had to wait about half an hour for our room to be ready. While we waited, the front desk staff gave us recommendations for good restaurants to have lunch. They sent us to a wonderful Mexican restaurant. The housekeeping staff and breakfast/appetizer hosts were extremely friendly every time we passed them. We went down to pick up a couple of bottles of water on our way back one night and the breakfast host was down there cleaning up and he offered us some cake to take back to our room and some wine. He chatted with us for at least 20 minutes.The hotel definitely was charming. We liked the way it was decorated. It really felt like a quaint French inn. The location was perfect. We were close enough to Union Square and the cablecars without being in the middle of the crowds.We loved the cookies and complimentary beverages that were always available. It was nice to grab a soda or bottle of water and a couple of cookies on our way back in after a day of walking the numerous hills. The wine and cheese in the evenings was a nice touch.Cons:The room was very tiny. We booked a cozy queen and &quot;cozy&quot; is an understatement. We were constantly bumping into each other. There really isn't enough room for 2 people and luggage. The bathroom only had a very small shower stall. I kept banging my elbows on the sides. The included breakfast was nice but we were only able to take advantage of it one out of three mornings we were there. It started at 8:00 on weekends and holidays. We had some early tours booked and had to leave by 8:00 so we couldn't have breakfast at the hotel. Breakfast was one of the selling points of the hotel but we ended up having to go out and buy breakfast twice. That was a big disappointment as well as a waste of money.The noise in the mornings was unbearable. We were awakened at 5:30 a.m. two mornings (including Memorial Day) by garbagemen. It sounded like they were out there for about half an hour. After that we couldn't go back to sleep. Many times we walked by the front desk and there was nobody there. We had to walk next door to the White Swan if we needed help. That was a little inconvenient. It also made me feel a little uncomfortable to think that there was nobody there in case of emergency. Overall, the Petite Auberge was all right. My husband liked it for the most part but I probably would choose another hotel for our next trip.	
May 30 2006	Charming Anniversary Retreat	I surprised my wife with a trip to SF for our anniversary, and the Petite Auberge delighted her and scored me some &quot;hubby points.&quot; The hotel was charming, all the staff (from front desk to housekeeping) were friendly, helpful, and aiming to please. Men, don't let the feminine decor scare you away; I found it welcoming, homey, and quite masculine-friendly (think &quot;European&quot; rather than feminine). There were many nice touches, including the wine and appetizer reception, very good full breakfast, and many more. I don't &quot;get&quot; the complaints about alley noise--I think I heard some dim, distant cluttering by delivery people, but not nearly as noisy as other hotels I've been in. The &quot;cozy queen&quot; room was not as small as I expected based on other reviews. My wife says she can't imagine staying anywhere else in San Francisco. Forget the big hotels and stay at the Petite!	
May 7 2006	Great Place!!	Can’t wait to go back!!! This place was awesome! It was close to everything. We love to walk the cities we stay in and San Francisco was perfect for walking. We especially enjoyed the wine hour in the evening. It was a great time to chat with other people and get ideas for places to go and places to eat. We met some wonderful people from all over the world. The food was wonderful. Very nice homemade breakfast every morning - delicious and filling. The beds were very comfortable!! I would highly recommend Petite Auberge.  We took a tour of 3 Sonoma wineries and it was just ok. We also rented a car for the day and went to Sonoma on our own to visit wineries and we had a blast. I would recommend this instead of taking a tour. It was cheaper to do it ourselves and more fun. There is a great Italian restaurant around the corner in the same block called Lottavo Ristorante.	
Mar 14 2006	Twee Hotel nice location but noisy room.	An average hotel that I'm not sure I would return to.Pros: The staff we found were all very courteous and helpful.Good location close to union square and the cable car line to take you to tourist locations.Complimentary breakfast, newspaper and afternoon wine.Cons: Cozy room translates as pretty small really.Bathrooms need a bit of a redecoration.The walls and ceiling are thin, we were woken every morning by people in the room above walking around/showering at 4 in the morning, my wife even used ear plugs!Often the front desk was unmanned and required you visit the adjacent Swann Inn for help (part of the same hotel group)Other amenities such as internet are only available at the Swann Inn.	
Jan 22 2006 	a lovely hotel - with some reservations	We've just returned from a 5-night stay at the petite auberge and would definitely reccomend it, with a few reservations.On the plus side, the hotel is in a great location, just a short (though steep -well it is in SF!) walk from union square and even closer to a cable car stop. The staff were without exception friendly and helpful and had some great restaurant suggestions. The breakfast and freshly baked cakes and cookies were wonderful and the complimentary water and soda should be taken up by all hotels.The room was clean, comfortable and had everything we needed, as did the bathroom (nice Aveda toleteries too). Both were very small though - no a big problem as we didn't spend much time in the room, but still worth noting. Our sole real problem with the hotel was that at around 5.30 am each morning the refuse collecors seemed to make it their mission to make as much noise as possible. Perhaps the Petite Auberge should invest in some decent sound proofing?	
Dec 5 2005	Noisy	I stayed at the Petite Auberge because it was on the Conde Nast Gold List. I am still wondering how it made it on the list. Our room was not big enough for two people. You bumped your elbows on the sides of the shower because it was so small. But the worst thing was the noise. We were there for two nights. Each morning at 6:00 a.m. it sounded like the garbage man was dragging the garbage down the alley. To make matters worse, a clock alarm went off in the room next to us at 6:30 a.m. Because the walls were very thin, we could hear it as if it was in our room. There was no one in the room to turn off the alarm, so we called the front desk. It took them 30 minutes to turn it off the first morning. The second morning the same alarm went off again. (It was never fixed from the first morning). We had to call the front desk again to come and turn it off.It may be cute with a good location and breakfast, but I go to a hotel to sleep and that's not what happened. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 16 2005	Not for everyone but cozy and comfortable and a good value	A small, friendly hotel with a country French motif. I stayed there for three nights and would generally recommend it.Staff were courteous and breakfast was very good. My room -- a &quot;cozy queen&quot; -- was definitely on the small side, with a stall shower (no tub) in the bathroom, but it was perfectly clean, comfortable, and functional. The location is within easy walking distance of most of downtown, and near public transport. There are lots of little extras free of charge -- breakfast, newspaper, wine and cheese in the afternoon, and tea, coffee, soda, and water available all day. They also don't impose a fee on calling-card telephone calls made from the room, which is nice.Given the age of the building, it is probably not the best choice for people who want every modern convenience, or who would be frustrated with an old-fashioned elevator or room keys that don't always work the first time. It also probably not for you if you plan to use your car a great deal (valet parking only), or if you require a lot of personal assistance from a front desk or concierge staff.These caveats aside, Petite Auberge is a comfortable, well-situated, friendly place to stay, with a nice breakfast and other goodies thrown in for free. It is a good value in a fairly expensive city.	
Nov 12 2005	Exceeded Expectations	We thoroughly enjoyed our 5 day stay in the Petite Suite at the Petite Auberge. The mild November weather added to our pleasure as we were able to savour California wine and cheese on our prettily flowered deck. We made good use of the whirlpool tub too, after our long days of walking up and down the hills of San Francisco. Breakfasts were really good, and it was fun to chat with other guests over wine and cheese in the evenings.	
Oct 26 2005	Just OK	My wife and I showed up at the hotel to find our Petite Suite was given away to someone with a similar sounding name. Although we were given the first night free (because we stayed in a smaller room than we reserved), our Petite Suite was only an OK experience. In retrospect, we would not stay there again, and not recommend it to friends. I have stayed in many boutique hotels in San Francisco, so I am a fan of this type of hotel, but there were too many problems:1. both the beds of the first room and the Petite Suite had a bad smell. We could not tell if it was the pillows, comforters or the mattress,2. the bathroom has a mildew smell,3. although there was complimentary beverages and coffee, the milk is left out all day and is spoiled at night,4. make sure you have light luggage - when we checked out, we had to lug our bags up the stairs to the breakfast floor, take the antique elevator 1 flight up and then down to street level,5. there is no wireless/wired internet service, I had to go to the White Swan Inn,6. MANY times, there was no one at the front desk of the hotel.I still will go with boutique hotels while in SF, just not this one.	
Oct 15 2005	Too Cutesy	My husband and I picked the Petite based on online recommendations. We stayed there for our honeymoon. The staff were kind and accomodating. They made an attmept to decorate our room; however, the mylar balloons were deflated and the ice melted in our champagne. The room was just not our style. The building is old and decorated like a little girls room. We even had a teddy bear on our bed. In fact, my husband said it best when he commented that it was like staying in a doll house. The hotel is conveniently located to many things; it was clean; and the staff was personable. It was just not our style.	
Oct 10 2005	Would Recommend the Petite Auberge Any Day	My husband and I celebrated our honeymoon at the Petite Auberge for a week in late September. We loved nearly everything about the Petite! Steve at the front desk was such a resource for weather reports, restaurant suggestions and more. The food provided for breakfasts and wine and snacks each afternoon was all delicious and plentiful. The charm and novelty of a French B&amp;B in the middle of downtown San Francisco was such a find! The location of the Petite to everything was ideal, the room cozy, but clean and inviting, and the staff eager to please. The only complaint we had was that our room (#46) backed up to a loud club on the street behind Bush Street and the noise was irritating a couple of the nights during our stay. We met such wonderful people during the wine receptions in the evenings and were able to share stories about attractions we visited, etc. each day. We would love to return to the Petite Auberge one day and I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a unique, charming stay in a fun, bustling city.	
Sep 14 2005	Cute and Convenient	My wife and I spent one night at Petite Auberge on our way through San Francisco. It is true that the rooms are small, and I would recommend getting a room with a fireplace - a little larger and very cozy. Everything was in working order during our stay and I did find the staff very helpful in setting up dinner reservations and providing general info on the area. The hotel is just a few blocks away from but very convenient to Union Square.	
Sep 14 2005	great hotel for romantic get-away	My girlfriend and I were in town for a wedding in Hayward CA. We had to stay close to the wedding site for a couple of days but had a chance after the wedding to go into San Francisco for a little mini-getaway. This was a first time using a recommendation from tripadvisor and we were absolutely thrilled. The hotel was just like most of the reviews have mentioned. It is a small boutique-style hotel with a great location truly just a very short walk to Union Square, Chinatown, and Cable Cars. It has a VERY European feel to it with very small rooms and bathrooms but what it doesn't have in space, it makes up for in spades with atmosphere.It is more like a bed&amp;breakfast than a hotel with books and magazines in the room, free umbrella rentals, and a very helpful staff. We didn't have time to try the free wine-tasting happy hour but we had the free breakfast for two mornings (one at the beginning of the breakfast hours and one at the very end) and was delicious and fresh each time. It was a very romantic hotel and we were so satisfied with the recommendation that we will use tripadvisor to plan all of our up-coming trips.	
Sep 7 2005	Not returning to Petite Auberge	I chose this hotel because of the great reviews on tripadvisor.com. It is also on the list of top US hotels. When my partner and I got there, we were a little dismayed by the size of the room, and more so by the little bathroom which looked old and worn. The television is hidden in the cupboard, and you would have to swivel it 90 degrees to watch from your bed. Unfortunately, the swivel board is not designed to turn 90 degrees (perhaps only -45 to 45 degrees), so we ended up watching television at an angle.Service at the hotel is also lacking. The bed sheet was dirty, and we requested for it to be changed. Instead of changing the sheets, a stack of sheets was left on our bed for us to change ourselves. Another case of questionable cleanliness is the sighting of a rat running across the breakfast room in the evening. So needless to say, we did not have any of the &quot;gourmet&quot; breakfast the next morning.I definitely would not recommend this hotel to anyone, and I certainly will not return to this hotel.	
Aug 29 2005	Still love Petite Auberge	This is my second stay at Petite Auberge. It is still charming and lovely...and the location is just the greatest. Steve at the front desk was especially pleasant and knowledgeable. Love the European look and feel so well suited to San Francisco. My cozy room was vintage in the very best sense of the word. Everything worked perfectly and was very clean and comfortable. Outstanding coffee available all day - and yummy cinnamon granola among the (comp) breakfast items. Hope my next visit doesn't take another 20 years!	
Aug 19 2005	Enchanting experience at the Petite!	My fiancé and I stayed in this warm and wonderful little gem of a hotel for a week at the beginning of August and I cant rave about it enough! The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating, and treated us like family. Everyone, from the concierges to the bellboy to the members of the housekeeping staff, was just so nice! The fresh cookies in the lobby were a real treat as well as the unlimited coffee, tea, cold water bottles and soft drinks. The queen room with a fireplace was just the right size, big enough so two people wouldn't feel crowded but small enough to feel cozy and intimate at the same time. The bed was on the firm side but very comfortable, the pillows plentiful (we asked for extra ones with our reservation) and the fireplace just the thing to come home to after a long day's worth of sightseeing (August in San Francisco can be cold!). Bathroom was very clean and very nice with a tub, great water pressure, fluffy towels, two bathrobes, hair dryer, Aveda toiletries and hand made soaps. Breakfast was excellent, with good strong coffee, a choice of teas, cereals, oatmeal, baked goods (muffins, scones, biscuits, croissants, breads, etc.), boiled eggs, sausages, fresh fruits, frittata (not quiche, this didn’t have a crust), milk, butter, cream cheese, honey, jams and juices served buffet style. This isn’t your usual hotel breakfast, and it left me so stuffed that I hardly ever got hungry again during the day.I wouldn’t recommend this hotel for parents with young children (rooms are smallish, no child-friendly amenities) or business travelers (no work space), but for couples it's an excellent (and very romantic!) value for the price. I can't wait to go back again!	
Aug 17 2005	A charming place	My husband and I stayed at Petite Auberge for three nights during our recent (first) visit to SFO. We found it to be a charming little place with a gracious and helpful staff. Everyone was so nice, from the people working the front desk to the kind gentleman who helped us with our bags to the ladies who took care of housekeeping and setting up the breakfast every morning. The room was small, but very clean and comfortable - all we needed was a place to sleep at night and shower and dress in the morning and it was more than adequate. The complimentary breakfast was fabulous! We thoroughly enjoyed the fresh fruits, baked goods, quiche and other yummy delights each morning. We only made it to the nightly wine reception once, but had some good wine, tasty snacks and great conversation with other guests. The location was very convenient - we were able to walk pretty much everywhere or easily catch public transportation if we were going beyond walking distance. We definitely would stay there again and recommend it without hesitation.	
Aug 16 2005	Our SF All-Time Favorite	We stayed at this first-rate hotel for our honeymoon two years ago, and we keep going back to it every time we stay in the city. The intimate, quiet atmosphere in the heart of the SF is wonderful. Petite Auberge is not &quot;petite&quot; in its service and hospitality; the staff is attentive, helpful, and knowledgeable about the many things to do while staying in the city. The full breakfast is delicious, the coffee will please most coffee &quot;snobs&quot; and beverages and limited snacks are available just about any time you want. Unfortunately, we haven't been at the hotel for evening hors derves, (sorry about the spelling), and wine because we've been too busy doing the tourist things in SF. However, we have briefly sailed through the parlor during this evening ritual, and the other hotel guests seemed to be enjoying themselves. Another feature we like is the quaint french countryside decor throughout the hotel. With all of the hotel's amenities, the price is a good value by SF standards.	
Aug 12 2005	petit and perfect!	For the price this hotel is hard to beat. My partner and I stayed there for 5 nights at the end of July and enjoyed every moment in the hotel. The breakfasts are superb and give the opportunity to build friendships, if you want to, with other guests. Similarly, the late afternoon wine receptions were very pleasant and on one occasion only started to break up about 8pm. I have stayed in the Nikko and Crown Plaza before in SF and whilst they have their own merits, the small, intimate, well presented and located Petit Auberge is one I would happily come back to.	
Aug 11 2005	Relaxing Stay at the Petite - Book in Advance!	We stayed at the Petite Auberge for a week in June. Definitely call ahead and book one of the larger rooms with a fireplace - the smaller rooms are MUCH too small for a couple with luggage and the bathroom only had a stand up shower! We stayed in a larger room with a fireplace and it was absolutely perfect and beautiful. We totally loved it. We loved all the staff (they were unbelievably nice to us) and the food was great too. It is in a great location and it feels like you are coming &quot;home&quot; at night, rather than to a big, corporate hotel. It's close to everything, including all types of transportation, and we really enjoyed our stay. Just know what you are getting into when you book a room and make sure you are booking the size that you want. It’s a great place!	
Aug 8 2005	Spoiled at the Petite!	My wife and I returned from a &quot;second honeymoon&quot; a few weeks ago and waited until now to write a review to see if our wonderful memories of our stay at the Petite Auberge would begin to fade at all. Well, they haven't at all and actually as we share our fabulous experience with family and friends, it makes us want to go back for another &quot;escape&quot; earlier than we normally would! The best thing about our stay was feeling like we were the only ones at the beautifully decorated and outfitted French boutique hotel in the heart of Nob Hill in San Francisco. They knew our names when we came in the door to check in! How does that happen? Within 24 hours all of the staff knew who we were and they were very helpful in discovering what we would likely want to explore while we were in the Bay Area for a week. I had sent a few packages ahead along with some flowers (a local florist recommended by their staff) to be placed in our room on the day of our arrival. The room looked like I had been there before and arranged everything for my wife. The staff was just so attentive to &quot;who we are&quot; that it was like family helping us out. I should mention that our room was in perfect order and clean as soon as we left each day. We even left one morning for a quick snack and returned to a completely cleaned room - it was almost as if they were hiding in the halls waiting for us to leave so they could start cleaning. Many other things about our stay were wonderful as well. The fireplace in our wonderfully decorated room was a real treat. The bathrobes were one of my wife's favorites (so much so that we have two of them hanging in our closet right now!). The full breakfast each morning (comes with the room), was not only delicious but also served in a great little french cafe atmosphere where you could check with other guests to see what they were going to do that day or had done the day before. This was also the primary conversation at the wine tasting (free with the room as well) each evening around a fire in the lounge. Just a few guests would gather at the end of the afternoon and exchange sightseeing and exploring stories over wine (many choices) and snacks. All of this was informal so you wouldn't have to include yourself in the conversation if you chose not to. Sometimes just a good breakfast or glass of wine was all we wanted - and that was all we got. All in all, the value of our room was outstanding. We got so much more than we paid for. There is no doubt in our minds that we will stay at the Petite Auberge each and every time we come to San Francisco! If you are looking for a romantic get-away, you will not be disappointed.	
Jul 17 2005	Adorable!	We LOVED Petite Auberge. We had a bottom floor room with a fireplace, which I believe is one of the larger rooms they offer. We peeked into an upstairs room, and saw that it really was teensy! Our room was right next to the kitchen, which was stocked 24/7 with soft drinks and bottled water at no charge. Breakfast was always good - great coffee! Free newspaper and weather report every morning at your door. Front desk staff GREAT - they recommended the best restaurants that we would have never found otherwise. Kitchen staff was also very friendly. Our favorite thing about this place was the nightly wine and snack service. This was a great way to meet people - we made friends with so many! The Adeva products were a great touch, too. The hotel is within walking distance of many things, and the cable car line is not far at all.Book way ahead of time and ask for a room with a fireplace, and this place will become your favorite location in a heartbeat!	
Jul 11 2005	Wonderful	This is a wonderful little hotel near Nob Hill in San Francisco. It is a perfect location for exploring. It is extremely nice and has a lot of personal touches that push it way above average! We couldn't believe we found such a nice, quiet, clean and convenient hotel for this price! We would definitely stay here again and would absolutely recommend it to others. The breakfast is much better than the continental breakfast offered at most hotels. They also offer round-the-clock complimentary fresh-baked cookies, coffee, teas, soft drinks and bottled water. Every night at 5 p.m., they offer snacks, wine and cheese in the cozy downstairs area of the hotel (complete with a gas fire). Excellent hotel for the price!	
Jul 2 2005	Small Friendly Hotel	From the moment I walked in I felt welcomed, beginning with the delightful person at the front desk. The rooms are decorated nicely, with lots of &quot;at home&quot; touches, such as books that aren't nailed to the shelves -- they can actually be picked up and read! The breakfasts are included and quite nice, and there is wine and cheese in the afternoon. There is a little conversation area downstairs, and a private little patio adjacent to the breakfast room. A very pleasant experience.	
Jun 30 2005	Great place to stay in SF	We just returned from a road trip in California and our first stop was the Petite Auberge in San Francisco. We were not disappointed. The hotel was lovely with just a slightly used feeling (in a good way). The room was very cozy, the staff incredibly friendly and helpful. It was also a perfect location for transit and for just walking around. I was able to access the internet at their sister hotel a couple of doors down and we particularly enjoyed the wine and snacks in the late afternoon. I would definitely go again.	
Jun 27 2005	We loved it!	The Petite Auberge far exceeded our expectations! My husband and I came after a trip driving up the coast and when we pulled in, I went in to find out what we would do with our many various bags. I spoke to an amazingly nice woman at the desk, Kahulia and was impressed enough so that in my jaded New Yorker manner, I walked back out and told my husband &quot;she's too nice, it's a little scary!&quot; Well, she continued that way, giving us maps, a route of things to see before we returned our rental car that afternoon and plenty of suggestions. We were able to upgrade our room, luckily b/c I think the poster 2 down may have been correct in their assumption of the room sizes. She said &quot;you may not fit in your originally booked room with all those bags!&quot; We had a great room with a fake fireplace, very clean, lots of cozy pillows and really enjoyed the room. The free water/soda at our disposal was so convient, I've never seen this at a hotel, makes starting your day (or coming back after a long one) so much easier, and you save lots of $ on water! We loved the wine and cheese hour, just a nice little touch and helped us refresh before heading out for a night. The breakfast was acceptable, everything good, but the reviews I read led me to have Very high expectations (someone said it was &quot;the best they've ever had?&quot;), it was a normal complimentary hotel breakfast. No turn down service as noted, but we did not care.Overall, the staff really gave the place a nice touch. We had one woman at the front desk who was sour and unhelpful, (in stark contrast to Kuhulia) but still better than you get at a major chain. 2 different bell-hop men were very helpful, one gave us extra wine after we missed the end time in the evening and another gave us a great rec for a restaurant for Dim Sum. Location was impressively convient...a short walk to Union Square where we got the cable car to go other places, we thought the neighborhood was a great location for tourists!We got the price of an on-line service which is part of why we were so satisfied.... I think the regular price if you call them directly is probably much more. We highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again! (ps- we chose it after reading other Trip Advisor reviews, thanks!)	
Jun 14 2005	Very disappointing	Stayed there in June having last visited 5-6 years ago. In the meantime it has changed ownership and has gone downhill. Our room didn't appear to have been redecorated in years and the bathroom in particular was badly in need of attention. Whereas before I remember comfortable beds and lots of pillows this time I had a very uncomfortable night on a lumpy mattress with 2 nasty synthetic, thin pillows. No sign of the advertised turndown service.Breakfast ok.A shame really as the staff were helpful and it's in a great location for Union Square but I won't be going back.	
May 17 2005	Petite Auberge was really petite	My husband and I just came from California and we stayed at the Petite Auberge French Country Inn for two nights. We booked the &quot;cozy queen&quot; room which I believe is one of the smaller of their rooms. The price was $150.00 per night plus tax. The hotel is quaint, neat and clean and within a short walking distance to cable car transportation to the Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 and Chinatown. And it's within walking distance to Union Square. The problem we had with this hotel is that the room was so small that there was no place to lay your luggage other than on the bed. There is not much moving around space in the room either. The bathroom is tiny too but was very clean. The hotel offered free continental breakfast in the morning and wine and cheese at 5:00 each day. If I would have known I would have booked a larger room and I believe those come with fireplaces. But, even with that, I believe the price would have been even higher than what we paid for the cozy queen and I think for what you get, it's too much. All in all, though, it's in a good location and if you like cozy and tight and French country inns, the Petite Auberge is the place for you.	
May 11 2005	Warmth and charm	We loved the Petite Auberge! We stayed there for 3 nights during our Honeymoon and were treated to a stay in the Petite Suite. We enjoyed walking down to our private entrance, relaxing on our garden deck, and savoring the fireplace inside the suite. The staff was very helpful and kind, especially with their assistance in helping us successfully find a bag we had mistakenly left in the taxi. The Petite Auberge is so conveniently located that it was easy to walk or take a cable car to all destinations. Do check out this Inn and you will not be disappointed.	
Apr 28 2005	Service Beyond Compare!	I brought my wife to San Francisco for her first time for our anniversary from April 21-25, 2005 and selected the Petite Auberge based on the pictures and reviews I found online. Our experience with the Petite Auberge was EXCELLENT. We were very pleased with the friendly, helpful, and thoughtful staff, from the front desk to the maids, to the food servers at the free breakfasts. The room was beautiful, the extras provided by the staff for our anniversary trip (wine, Happy Anniversary balloons) without being reminded were very thoughtful and appreciated. The location of the Petite Auberge was much better than I had expected. Two blocks from the Powell Street Cable Cars, and two blocks over and three blocks down from Union Square (my only suggestion is that the Petite Auberge advertise this great location better on its website since I think it would be a plus). At breakfast, all the other guests we talked to were also very pleased with the Petite Auberge, I heard no complaints or criticisms of this great place to stay in San Francisco. If we come back to San Francisco, we will DEFINITELY stay at the Petite Auberge. Thanks.	
Apr 15 2005	A fabulous find	We stayed at the Petite Auberge for three nights prior to embarking on a cruise vacation and were simply overwhelmed by the treatment which we received at the inn located in the heart of San Francisco. It is hard to imagine that you could experience the warmth and charm of a bed and breakfast establishment in the middle of this vibrant city but that is exactly what we encountered during our stay. The staff was exceedingly friendly and helpful and the room cozy and comfortable. We particularly enjoyed meeting the other guests from all corners of the globe over breakfast in the morning and at the wine hour in the late afternoon. The Petite Auberge is within easy walking distance of a number of attractions and minutes from the Powell Street cable car. This is definitely a place that we will be returning to on our next trip to San Francisco.	
Apr 8 2005	A perffect spot	My boyfriend and I came back from our trip to San Francisco and still talk about how we wish we were back at the Petite Auberge.We stayed for 5 nights at a Cozy Queen room. The room indeed was cozy but we were very comfortable there and didn’t find it too small for our needs. We found it tastefully decorated, and loved the friendliness and the helpfulness as well as all the amenities at the property. A nice touch was that we could alternate the breakfasts and wine service at the White Swan two doors away giving a change in atmosphere, which I was first concerned of being bored having my breakfast at the same place 5 days in a row. The staff has everything thought out, from restaurant and things to do lists, to water/soda refrigerator that saves the headache of looking for a CVS. Another nice touch was that the manager came by to talk to us and see if everything was ok, one of the nights we were at the wine/hor d'erves hour. This place really makes you feels special and is centrally located.	
Apr 6 2005	Raves for Petite Auberge!	In March of 2004, I had booked a much anticipated stay at The Archbishop's Mansion through the internet. My fiance and I had just gotten engaged when we flew to San Francisco in May, so when we found out it was overbooked, we were sorely disappointed! They apologized, and promised us a good room at Le Petite Auberge instead. We had no idea what to expect.What a lovely surprise! The moment we entered the doors of &quot;Petite&quot; we were showered with care. The concierge put us up in the lovely cottage in the back, replete with champagne and a bowl of fruit. The private porch, brimming with garden flowers was an absolute delight, the fireplace warmed our hearts, and oh, the breakfast, oh, the jacuzzi... It was an incredible stay: ten times better than we ever could have imagined!Since then, I've wanted to gush about how wonderful everyone was to us, but was busy with our wedding plans and the subsequent move. Yesterday I happened to come across the Petite Auberge postcard, so I simply had to write. The folks there are a blessing and their place is a treasure.	
Jan 31 2005	Wonderful Stay!	My wife and I spent four (4) nights recently in the Petite Suite. It was a lovely room with a gas fireplace and a seperate entrance. The room was very quiet, and quite large. The morning breakfast and afternoon wine reception were both wonderful, and the staff at the hotel was extremely helpful with restaurant recommendations, tours, and transportation questions. The hotel location is great - only several blocks from Union Square and the cable cars. We will definitely stay again at the Petite Auberge rather than larger San Francisco hotels that we had stayed in during previous visits toSan Francisco.	
Jan 16 2005	Nice Hotel for a City Break	On the whole we found hotels in San Francisco to be expensive. Found this little one upon recommendations on Tripadvisor and I'm glad we stayed there.- Excellent location in the heart of the city- Small rooms but nicely furnished and very clean. However, make sure you request a room away from the elevator shaft or it can be a little noisy- Nice breakfast &amp; free cookies throughout the day- Friendly staff who give good advice on what to see in the city	
Dec 1 2004	A hotel with heart in the heart of San Francisco	We visited in November 2004. My wife and I were very impressed with the total experience. The breakfasts were fantastic and the afternoon treats were great! The overall atmosphere was cozy and great, right down to the outdoor patio nook. When I read reviews about staying there, lots of people talked about the small rooms. We were offered a larger room if we wanted, but were very happy with the small room. The bed was very comfortable, and the room had everything we needed as well as nice extra touches right down to rosemary mint shampoo and Nivea moisturizing creme. We've never stayed in a place that seemed structured for interaction between guests and found this nice. We got informal hints from other guests who had visited some of the tourist sites just a day earlier. You can't get more current, visitor-friendly tips than that!The location is great as well. We didn't rent a car and didn't take a cab. We simply got a 7 day MUNI pass and caught the nearby (1 and a half blocks) cable car (at Powell and Bush) or nearby buses to our hearts content. Unlimited rides, no hassles with parking anywhere. Even the BART station which took us to and from the SF Airport was easily accessible. I also appreciated the free wireless access available to us at the White Swan Inn. As sister inns, the front door key for one got us in the other so it was easy to check email anytime we wanted. I write a weekly column for the Winnipeg Sun and have contact with many folks through speaking engagements. I don't make recommendations lightly, but anywhere I mention our trip to San Francisco, I'll be mentioning this place. Some hotels are little more than a pit stop for the rest of your trip. This became an integral, enjoyable and cozy part of our memory of San Francisco.	
Nov 28 2004	Great location great service!	We stayed her November 16-21, while here for a medical conference, and were so happy we chose a more intimate, quiet hotel! A few blocks from Union Square, the location was great for cable cars/public transportation, shopping exploring the city. The breakfast was wonderful, room very comfortable, we appreciated the attention to detail of the decorating - feels like you are in a small European hotel! Every staff person was friendly and welcoming - yet since it's a hotel it is a bit more private than a bed and breakfast; no pressure to socialize if you prefer not to! We can't wait to come back ....	
Nov 11 2004	Quite Charming	First of all, let me state that if you prefer big, swanky hotel chains, then don't stay here. The Petite Auberge is a small, charming hotel which will appeal to people who like to stay at Bed and Breakfast type places. I found it to be well kept and clean. We had a room with a fireplace, and yes, the rooms are small (and cozy). The breakfast, although basically a continental one, was attractively presented with many choices of yummy baked goods. The coffee was great and it is served all day long (free). Guests can also take advantage of the free sodas and bottled water available. Wine, cheese and crackers are served by a crackling fire in the evening. The staff were very accommodating, and the manager, Pam, was especially helpful to us when our pre-paid stay was cut short due to a medical emergency, arranging to credit us for our remaining days at a future time. Parking is $30 a day and it takes some time to retrieve the car as it is parked at a lot away from where the hotel is. Plan accordingly. Overall, I think it is a fine, small hotel in a good downtown location in San Francisco. We will be returning to the Petite Auberge in the future.	
Nov 4 2004	Cheap and cheerful	Stayed for 3 nights in September. As the name suggests, our room was small. Very small! Clean enough though. Quite loud outside including early morning (because it is a very central location). Breakfast included in price was good – cereal and other continental fare. Chargeable internet service at hotel next door (listen out for the belching member of staff!). Beware - thin walls though – we could hear guests using the bathroom next door!	
Oct 19 2004	Delightful!	This was our second occasion to stay at Petite Auberge. My daughter and I came last year and had a wonderful room with a fireplace, bookcase filled with books, and a spacious room. This year I returned with my 78 year old mother and 82 year old father, my sister and my son to show them the wonderful sights of San Francisco. I didn't have to think twice where we would stay! We enjoyed six wonderful days at Petite Auberge. This time we stayed in a regular room which was much smaller, and remembering our room from last year, I felt it was a bit tight for two people. The decor of antique and shabby chic give a warm and cozy feeling. Breakfast each morning had a slendid variety of fruits, breads, muffins, scones, quiches, juices, coffee and teas. We were only able to attend the afternoon wine reception twice, however, this is a wonderful touch. Whoever bakes for Petite Auberge should be given an A+++. The housekeeping staff was always friendly and did a great job in tidying up the rooms. Everyone on staff was very helpful with our sightseeing questions and concerns and went out of their way to get information for us. The hotel is well located within walking distance of Chinatown and Union Square. There are several wonderful restaurants also in the area, and the cable cars are also nearby. The popular cookie jar in the lobby was filled each day with something different. We looked forward to ending our day each night after dinner by getting a cup of tea or coffee and sitting downstairs in front of the fire before retiring to bed. Enough good things can't be said about this charming little hotel. Looking forward to coming back and staying a third time!	
Oct 13 2004	Wonderful break in a beautiful city	Thanks Petite Auberge for a wonderful base during our visit to San Francisco. The hotel was charming and gave us the feeling that we were somewhere different and special. We particulary enjoyed that informal evening gatherings in the downstairs lounge where people gathered to sip wine, enjoy nibbles and to chat. This gave us the chance to meet lots of other travelers, something that can be hard in other hotels.The close proximety to Union Square , the cable cars and lots of other attractions also helped us to see lots of San Francisco, a lovely city to visit.	
Oct 8 2004	Pleasantly exceeded all of our expectations! A++++	We just can’t say enough great things about this charming little bed and breakfast! Our experience at the Petite Auberge was no less than outstanding! We stayed 3 nights for our wedding October 1st and were pleasantly surprised. There is always an element of risk when choosing lodging over the internet from out of state. When they opened the double French doors to the “Petite Suite” I was overwhelmed at how absolutely darling this place was! It had its own balcony with a table and chairs and pretty potted flowers. Inside there was a cozy fireplace and sitting area with books and magazines, and a huge four-poster bed with a fluffy down comforter and pillows (a real treat in a hotel). Another pleasant treat was the bathroom that had a huge tub, outfitted with handmade oatmeal-mint soap, an assortment of Aveda bath products, and Nivea body cream. The mix of antique furniture and shabby chic décor really added a market touch of romance to the atmosphere of the room. The day we checked in, there was a bottle of champagne and white “just married” balloons in our room, not to mention the delicious box of Belgian chocolates that were all gifts from the hotel. The Petite Suite also comes with a stereo, CD player, and VCR in which you can choose from a list of movies and CD’s to borrow for free. There was also a mini-bar stocked with soda and bottled water which was also complimentary. It’s refreshing to see a place that doesn’t nickel and dime you for every little thing. Overall the quality of the room and the hotel in general was a sweet and unexpected surprise.Now let’s talk breakfast! YUM with a capital “Y”! Breakfast is served in a wonderfully furnished European-style breakfast room which brought back memories of our traveling abroad. The food was excellent. No continental breakfast here! There was a different variety of homemade quiche each day; the potato curry was my favorite. There was also a nice variety of fruit, homemade muffins, pastries, chocolate croissants, hot and cold cereals, juice and milk in addition to hot maple link sausage and fresh country French bread with high quality preserves and marmalades! Phew! In the afternoon, the hotel offers a wine reception where guests can meet by the fireplace in the cozy den and have complimentary red and white wine, assorted cheeses and the most fabulous homemade bundt cake! Not to mention that there were freshly baked cookies available all day in the lobby, fortunately for our waistlines we were too busy to take advantage most of the time!The staff was impeccably efficient, genuinely thoughtful and friendly and helpful, not only at the Petite Auberge, but at the sister hotel next door called the White Swan (which seems lovely as well). My highest commendations to the young concierge named Andy. He was so personable and knowledgeable about the city, and he was also “the master of ALL public transit”. Not only did he give us lots of great suggestions for fun things to do around town, but he knew every single bus, BART, and trolley line that could get us there! He was a real gem and a true asset to the hotel. Our wedding went flawlessly and the hotel staff was very helpful when we needed assistance. The location was fantastic! We felt the area was safe for walking around at night. It was only a brief, two block walk to Union Square and about 3-4 blocks from China town. Equally convenient was the fact that one of the main cable car lines was only a block away from the hotel. There are plenty of good restaurants within walking distance and many excellent ones just a short cable car ride away. Location of this B&amp;B was premium, couldn’t ask for better. Overall I give the Petite Auberge 10 stars! We plan to return every year in October for our anniversary and I can’t wait! If you are looking for a quaint, boutique hotel whose staff goes above and beyond, this is the place, look no further. I hope you all will enjoy it as much as we did!	
Sep 29 2004	What a gem!!	We were pleasantly surprised at the accomondations and how helpful and attentive the staff was to our every need. The breakfast was very good - so were the cookies!!! Our room was lovely - clean and very comfortable. We had a room fronting on Bush Street which made it a bit noisy but it did not take away from our enjoyment of this nice boutique hotel. We will definitely stay here next time!	
Sep 14 2004	Ruined our trip to San Francisco	My wife and I just returned from San Francisco (Sept 6th). It is our favourite place to visit. We usually stay at the Hyatt Fishermans Wharf, but this time, after reading the reviews of the Petite Aurberge, I decided to take a chance on it. What a disappointment. The &quot;Queen&quot; bed turned out to be a very unstable double bed. It was poorly furnished with a chair that had a broken leg. There was no air conditioning. The breakfast consisted of quiche everyday with the same fruits and muffins. At one point I needed to connect to the internet to check our flight. When I asked the front desk if there was a phone charge for local calls, they thought there was but did not know. I ask 3 different staff members and they all gave me the same answer. When we checked out, I was billed for 3 nights valet parking for a car we had only 1 night. WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!!! Don't waste your money on this dump. Next time, it's to the Hyatt were at least I can sleep in a Queen size bed and be comfortable!!!	
Sep 11 2004	OK for the money but a bit more shabby than chic	Just got back from our trip to San Francisco this week. The room at the Petite Auberge was EXTREMELY small and while the decor was quaint, the place definitely needed sprucing up a bit. The paint was peeling, our carpet was not the cleanest, the blinds were broken, there were some unidentified stains on the blankets etc. etc. We also got there during a September heatwave and had to beg the front desk for a fan as there was no air conditioning. We had to open the windows to get any air at all, but then had to deal with the noise of the street. The inn is in a very central location (close to Chinatown, Union Square etc.), however it is just a few steps from a male strip club. The breakfast is good (although the only hot item they serve EVERY day is quiche, with little or no variety). Perks like free sodas and bottled water, and the free wine reception were a nice touch. We met a couple who had paid twice what we paid for their room (we booked approximately 6 months in advance) - so all in all, we think we got a decent deal for what we got. Just don't expect TOO much...	
Sep 4 2004	Perfect in evey way	I just returned from a wonderful three night stay at the Petite Auberge. As reported by many others on this web site, the breakfast was amazing, the room clean, charmingly decorated and comfortable, and the staff attentive. I particularly enjoyed the afternoon wine reception, as I was able to meet many interesting people from other parts of the world and the US. The street the hotel is located on is not very nice, but even as a woman traveling alone, I did not feel unsafe coming back to the hotel in the evening. I saw few street people, and was never approached by panhandlers. I plan on staying at the Petite Auberge again and would highly recommend it to others.	
Jul 8 2004	Quaint locale close to everything!	We stayed three nights here and had absolutely no problem getting to everywhere we wanted to go! Being just 2 blocks from Chinatown, the cable cars, Nob Hill, AND Union Station made it an ideal location. The breakfast buffet was filling and delicious and the hostess was especially helpful. The room was small, but nicely appointed and quaint to make it cozy and comfortable instead of stifling. We got a great rate to boot! I'd recommend this hotel to anyone thinking about a vacation to San Francisco!	
Jun 24 2004	Romantic Getaway	An unexpected romantic get away would describe our stay at the Petite Auberge. Tucked away along the San Francisco-Knob Hill city street, this small hotel was a delightful, intimate, and charming place to spend our first night in San Francisco. It was like stepping into another era when we walked through the front entrance and were taken to our room. The crackling fire, the quaint decor and the wonderful breakfast the next morning are some of the best memories I have of our entire trip to California!	
Jun 21 2004	A very pleasant surprise	We booked on the internet and were a little afraid that we did not spend enough for the room. We were pleasantly surprised. The photos of the Inn are exactly as shown on the internet. It is in the best possable location for visiting San Francisco. Just minutes from downtown, Chinatown and the cable car to Fisherman's Wharf. The room was small (cosy), spotlessly clean and had everything we needed. The staff was very helpfull and found us an ice bucket for the wine we bought next store.The breakfast was great and we really enjoyed the afternoon wine tasting where we met other guests. Let's not forget the teddy bear mascots and the ever present cookie jar. Great city, great Inn, we will be back for sure.	
Jun 21 2004	Charming Auberge!	Great place, super friendly stuff, wonderful hospitality and great complimentary breakfast in the morning! 	
Jun 9 2004	Delightful	We were pampered during our recent 4 night stay--staff very friendly, knowledgeable and helpful--the beds are wonderful and the fireplaces so relaxing--an excellent experience we plan to repeat in the fall....	
May 18 2004	Petite Auberge - AWESOME!!	The location of the hotel, the lovely room, the teriffic atmosphere of the downstairs lobby made the stay wonderful. The wine and hors de horves were fantastic and provided a great setting to meet other guests. The breakfasts served were delicious and much more than we expected! The room, while small, was beautifully decorated, complete with a teddy bear tucked in the bedcovers! We certainly intend to stay again on our next trip to San Francisco!	
May 1 2004	A little slice of Paris		
Apr 9 2004	A find earning a return visit		
Mar 7 2004	My favorite hotel in San Francisco		
Feb 13 2004	A sweet getaway		
Feb 12 2004	Wonderful Experience		
Feb 12 2004	Little bit of heaven		
Feb 4 2004	Home away from home...		
Jan 14 2004	La Petite Auberge is a treat!		
Oct 16 2003	C'est bonne!		
Aug 30 2003	Enjoyed our stay		
Nov 6 2008 	Non sono state tutte rose...		
