	Had every intention of staying there	Booked in for 4 nights into what I thought would be a King Superior room. With hindsight having checked our reservation email carefully, it states a King Interior. This is something I would not have gone for, but it says it on the email and I missed that.On arrival, we were given a room on the 2nd floor right at the back of the hotel, the room was not very big but was nicely furnished and clean. The view was of a back courtyard only. I suppose this is what they call a King Interior!After some time that day, I did go and discuss my disappointment with the room, it's location, view or lack of it and in fairness to the Hotel, they did offer us alternatives, upgrades at no cost and even a room at their sister hotel up the road. I praise the Staff for that.Sadly, the initial contact/room at the Hotel had made its mark on us and we wanted out. We left the Hotel to consider a refund on our accomodation pre-paid bill and went for a walk.Lets consider the room they put us in.......no view, small, on the 2nd floor in the back corner of the HotelWe went into the Marriott, a couple of blocks nearer Union Square and for $70 cheaper than Orchard Garden for 2 nights and $2 cheaper for the other 2 nights, we were able to secure a room much larger, on the 19th floor with a wonderful view and even better furnished. They even threw in Exec Lounge facilities on a couple of days.Back at the Orchard Garden, they eventually agreed to refund the last 2 nights accomodation which I accepted and promptly moved to the Marriott.For what we initially paid for the room the Orchard Garden initially gave us, this was NOT value for money. Yes we did accomodate the room, no we didn't stay long enough to sleep there. If you read this review you need to take that into account alongside previous guest reviews.	
	Great hotel	Like other reviewers wrote: lovely hotel, very comfortable beds, friendly staff and great location.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great hotel PERFECT location!	This hotel is pretty and VERY clean. Beds and rooms are comfortable and nicely appointed. But the real star is the location - perfect for walking anywhere in the city! Ten minutes to Moscone on foot. Ten minutes to awesome North Beach restaurants on foot. Five (or less) minute walk to Union Sq and all the best shopping SFO has to offer. Literally 10 steps away from the gates of Chinatown.	
Nov 18 2009 	Lovely hotel great location and rates	We've stayed at the Orchard Garden twice and have been very pleased both times. It's a small-ish property - probably 80 rooms - but the rooms are very comfortable, immaculate and there's a nice bar and restaurant in the lobby. Great location - right next to the Chinatown Gate at the south end of Grant Street, restaurants and shopping (Union Square) are all close by and very good. Friendly staff and good prices. A great place to stay when you're in San Francisco for business or fun.	
Nov 10 2009 	Repeat visitor and still impressed	The Orchard Garden Hotel has exceeded our expectations--for a second time. We returned because we love the location, the rooms, the green concept and the staff. Pay a little extra for the &quot;view&quot; rooms and be treated with a balcony and spacious quarters. We will look forward to returning to this great boutique hotel again.	
Oct 21 2009 	Well worth a look.	Stayed in August 2009 for 3 nights.Rooms had a very clean and uncluttered feel to them. Decent size television and free in-room wireless internet was an absolute bonus. Bathroom was big and clean and certainly lacked the claustrophobic feel of lesser hotels. Staff were also very friendly and helpful when called upon.Located right next to Chinatown and only a short walk from large department stores and main tourist bus stops. Certainly worth a look next time you are in San Francisco.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great hotel in San Francisco	If you want to stay at a really nice hotel with a good location in San Francisco, I suggest you stay at Orchard Garden Hotel. It is only three years old and very nicely decorated. The room was not that big, but it had a big bathroom, bath robes, safe, a docking station for my iPod and more. The staff was very friendly and helped us both with a nice restaurant (Sam's Grill and Seafood) as well as direction when we headed off to the airport. The hotel is located just next to the gates to Chinatown.	
Oct 17 2009 	Good Hotel - enjoyed return visit	This is the fourth time I've stayed at the Orchard Garden while in San Francisco on business and once again enjoyed my stay. Room this time was a twin on the 10th floor (top floor) rather than a king and consequently, the room and ensuite was a bit tighter for space than previous rooms I've stayed in at the OG, so if you want a king, make sure you request it. However, very comfortable all the same and the staff were great. The room was always immaculately prepared, apart from the minibar, which I used on a couple of occasions. The products I used were never replenished during my 10 day stay and the fridge was never really cold. Also, in the past, there were snacks in the room to purchase, such as M&amp;Ms and Kettle Chips, but this time there was no sign of these. Don't ask me why. Also, for some reason, the air conditioning noise was very loud in my room, especially in the bathroom, which was occasionally annoying.Otherwise, nice comfortable hotel, helpful staff, and a good location, making it easy to shop and see the sights.	
Oct 11 2009 	Super... in every way!	Loved the green concept! Green hotel from the recycled materials to build it to the recycling bins in each room. The hotel staff was extremely helpful with whatever we needed (directions, restaurant recommendations, holding our luggage after checkout until we actually left, etc). Great location (right next to Chinatown Gate and walking distance to Market Street, cable cars, SoMa, Ferry Bldg). Nice sized rooms with comfortable beds, big enough tub to fit 2, lots of light if you open the curtains... We will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 10 2009 	Lovely relaxing modern and very clean	What a great place to stay! Everyone was very friendly and accommodating. Our room was a good size, and the organic toiletries are yummy. The meat-heavy menu in the restaurant was the one surprising exception to the hotel's environmentally friendly practices. We'd stay there again any day.	
Oct 8 2009 	Home Away From Home	Absolutely the greenest and eco-friendliest hotel in San Francisco. The rooms are comfortable and inviting like your own bedroom and the staff accommodating and always friendly like family. The hotel is centrally located to great eateries (Le Central) and shopping (Lululemon) yet far enough away from the noisy downtown bustle. Quaint, contemporary and operates like a well oiled machine. I love this hotel and will not stay anywhere else. It is a San Francisco icon.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful "green" hotel with friendly staff and great location.	A very nice and still new hotel with excellent service. Every contact with the personnel left a positive impression. They live up to their &quot;green&quot; focus including small recycle containers in the room. We were in S.F. for medical reasons and requiring a lot of time in the room after the procedure so the free WiFi and DVD library/player was very welcome. Did not try the restaurant but used the excellent Cafe de la Presse restaurant across the street for breakfast and a couple of times for dinner. Bed was excellent. The only negative about the hotel is that (as described in some comments) the room was very small. We had a junior suite which wasn't large enough for a standard size lounge chair as part of the furnishings. The hotel did provide one when asked though we had only limited space for it. There was also very little drawer space - one each in two night-tables next to the bed and two small drawers directly above the bar-refrigerator (nice warm undies each morning). OTOH the bathroom was huge and very nice - two sinks, bathtub and shower. Hotel was clean throughout and they enforce a no-smoking policy. It was in a great location, just steps away from Chinatown, a few blocks from Union Square, and easy access to the Embarcadero. Fitness room has excellent equipment but only one of each kind (stairs, jogging, bicycle). Parking for a fee (usual for downtown SF) but at least they were prompt in bringing the car. Would definitely stay here again if I didn't have to spend a lot of time in the smallish room.	
Oct 6 2009 	Comfortable Modern 'Green' Hotel	This is a very modern &quot;Green&quot; hotel - rooms had separate bins for bottles, paper, trash, etc. Everything seemed very clean and well maintained. Front desk staff were friendly and attentive. Beds were very clean and comfortable, especially with the down comforters. Housekeeping staff were almost a bit too attentive (just be careful when using those &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; cards - one side says &quot;Please clean room early!&quot;) Hotel itself is VERY small - lobby has no lounge area, just the front desk and the restaurant. Rooms also have dvd players, which I wasn't expecting. Free dvds are available for rent if you ask at the front desk - not a huge selection though. Room service is extremely expensive for what you get - I would not recommend that. Otherwise, hotel experience was generally good.	
Oct 4 2009 	VERY nice experience	We arrived during the Labor Day weekend. Bay bridge closed.We found a very helpfull and friendly staff and a hotel conveniently located. The room was clean, the size as expected. For the breakfast, we choose the buffet. The choice was really ok. The service was correct and staff very friendly.Just one negative : the price for the parking.Otherwise : outstanding	
Oct 3 2009 	Terrific Hotel experience	We loved everything about the Orchard Garden. The location was perfect within walking distance to China Town and cable cars. The area was very busy and totally safe to walk around at night. The staff at the Orchard Garden went out of their way to make our stay pleasant. At our request they gave us a beautiful room high up on the 7th floor overlooking Bush Street where we really got a feel for the big city experience surrounded by skyscrapers and looking down at the street traffic and busling pedestrians. Our good size upscale-decorated room had wall to wall full length windows, luxurious bed and bedding including a fluffy white cotton comforter, two upholstered chairs and a table, flat screen TV, stocked refrigerator, large modern bathroom and white terry robes in the closet. Our only complaint was the hotel charge of $40 a day for parking plus a tip ($135 for 3 days) when the bellman delivered our car. The parking garage was about half a block down the street and we could have easily parked our own car for much less after unloading our luggage curbside in front of the hotel. We had breakfast and a dinner in the small hotel restaurant which was very nice with good food. Highkly recommend.	
Sep 30 2009 	Excellent hotel and location	The Orchard Garden Hotel was superb and great for all your needs in San Fran. The location is excellent - next door to the Chinatown Gateway, walking distance (5-10 mins) to Union Square, and just a few minutes away from cable car/bus stops. The room provided adequate space with a big bathroom, a very comfy bed, flatscreen TV and DVD player and free Wifi. The DVD library is at Reception and are of old movies so may be an idea to bring a few of your own if you might fancy a movie one night.This was one of the cleanest hotels I have ever stayed at. It was also an eco friendly hotel with separate waste bins for recycling.Staff were friendly and very helpful - gave us advice on restaurants, travel and directions, always greeted with a smile and professionalism. The only con of this hotel is that there is no fridge or kettle in the room, however they do have a coffee/tea pod making machine - I just brewed it without tea/coffee pods for hot water to drink my own herbal tea.There is another hotel on the same road but further up called the Orchard Hotel (an older hotel). When giving directions to taxi, make sure you state Orchard GARDEN or ask them to drop you at the Chinatown entrance gateway, as everyone knows this and its next door to the hotel. We were dropped at the other hotel once and the taxi drove off before we realised so ended up having to walk about 10 mins downhill.	
Sep 27 2009 	Clean comfortable hotel with friendly staff.	Stayed for 4 nights in September 2009, and had a great experience. The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful. Cleaning staff did an amazing job. We loved the fact that this is a 'green' hotel and no harsh chemicals are used for cleaning.Thank you to everyone at Orchard Garden for making our stay such a pleasant one.	
Sep 23 2009 	Location..Comfort..Welcome Loved it!!!	absolute perfect location! gorgeous room Super comfy bed! very friendly staff I will stay again for sure as I will recommend to all! Loved it!!!!	
Sep 22 2009 	green and nice	This hotel is definitely one of the better places to stay. After staying at the big name hotels up on the hill, this was a definitely a nice change. For environmentally sensitive people, this is an oasis, no toxic cleaning material, great organic and biodynamic, some local, food. Nice wine selections. Friendly, unpretentious staff, FREE internet (as opposed to the expensive add on of some other business hotels), and did I mention the friendly staff? Will come back here. This may become my hotel of choice if I have to stay in the city.	
Sep 11 2009 	orchard garden more like barren orchard	the reviews i read were very intriguing so my wife and i tried it out for 2 nights. the reviews couldnt have been further from the truth. the room was clean and thats about where it ended. 45 dollars a night to park, kinda ruins their cheaper rates entirely. the only thing saving this hotel is the location. Upon check in, we were told we were being upgraded, i'm really scared of what the room we booked looked like as our upgraded room was very tiny. in the lounge, the bar tenders didnt want to get some of the liqueurs on the top shelf b/c, well, they just didnt feel like it. no lunch or breakfast offered in the room b/c of t he economic conditions? dont all hotels massively overcharge for these services? I would think you keep those services and drop others. free internet was nice, but almost was as slow as 56k dial up. maybe ive become a hotel snob, but I would not recommend this hotel unless you really are on a tight budget and dont have a car/rental car.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great new boutique hotel in San Francisco business district	We chose the Orchard Garden because of its proximity to the address of a business meeting in San Francisco business district and were not expecting much more than a place to sleep. But were were very pleasantly surprised. The Orchard Garden is stylishly decorated, the staff are friendly and efficient, the service is in no way snooty or pretentious, the restaurant / lounge works well and the wifi internet is free and allows multiple devices! Apparently it is also eco-friendly - which is great as a bonus. Located adjacent Chinatown and cable car and business district. We will be back!	
Sep 10 2009 	Surprisingly small tariff for a great experience	Sept 7-10, 2009We spent three nights here after finding an attractive rate on Expedia. Never been to this hotel previously, we are always skeptical of urban-boutique, and particularly San Francisco, hotels. I didn't want a re-do of a smallish, skid-row hotel in the Tenderloin, or what some refer to as &quot;lower Nob Hill.&quot; But even in the better sections of San Francisco, we couldn't help notice a lack of street cleaning and an increase in homelessness.Happily, this hotel is practically brand-new and well-maintained. Everything seemed to work properly. The lights work in an European fashion--a card-activated light system to reduce wasted electricity. The water pressure in the showerhead was strong. There was both a safe and mini-fridge. The bedding offered a restful sleep.As with most urban hotels, parking can be bothersome and expensive. Luckily, the Stockton-Sutter garage is across the street and offered secure and relatively cheaper parking than the alternative. There are several coffee shops and restaurants nearby. Starbuck's is diagonal to the hotel and opens at 5:30 AM. The hotel does not have morning coffee service in the lobby, but it does have complimentary newspapers.I really liked Orchard Garden Hotel especially with the pricing and location.	
Sep 4 2009 	Defines the best of boutique hotels	Stayed here for a great week in 2008. Searched for another place to try in 2009 but, after not finding a better combination of price, location and quality, returned for another week in 2009. We were not disappointed as overall presentation of the property remains superb and cannot see how location could be any better. If anything staff were even friendlier than last year and continue to deliver a high level of service in many small ways.I would agree with another reviewer that the air conditioning output could be improved upon and water flow from the shower head was a bit low but these could in part be connected to green initiatives and did not detract significantly from overall stay. The in room WiFi was a great plus and allowed use of my iPod touch when searching for tourist info and restaurants. Will not bother looking elsewhere in future as this is hotel of choice for San Francisco.	
Sep 3 2009 	What can I say.....	This is by far the best hotel in the USA we ever stayed in. Who cares the &quot;view&quot; on some backyard from the window. Not one sound from the busy Bush Street can be heard. The rooms on front should be sound proof according the hotel staff. The breakfast is basic and rather expensive. Cold hard boiled eggs, bread, coffee or tea and juices from the bottle and of course some cereals. For additionals high priced extras can be ordered. We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. The dinner food is great, but the choice very limited, so we had to go to the French restaurant Restaurant de la Presse on the opposite of the entrance in Bush Street. One remark about the sound proof quality of our room. At one moment it looked like our neighbours were really inside our room. They had a normal conversation and we could understand every word of it!!! So we were just lucky with quiet neighbours who did not shout or laughed loud or put on the TV set maximum! You better go for a room without connecting doors.The hotel is extremely &quot;green&quot; and was awarded for this, too. Free WiFi, which works fast all the time.A special compliment to the porters, who proved to be very helpful with good tips.	
Sep 1 2009 	A little gem	This small modern boutique hotel was a joy. Perfectly placed about 20 yards from China Town Gate on Bush Street it is within easy walking distance of Union Square and transport links to the rest of San Francisco. The staff are very efficient and friendly and the public ares of the hotel are clean, bright and very modern. The rooms are extremely comfortable and furnished to a high standard. The beds and linen are among the best I have ever experienced. Highly recommended, and like the lettuce this 'Little gem' is also green, with a commendable environmentally friendly policy.	
Sep 1 2009 	Exceptional	Stayed here during summer for 5 nights. Hotel is green which made my mind sleep better. Check in was quick and professional. I asked about tours since my time in SF was limited. The front desk booked 3 for me that moment and didn't ask for a tip. That impressed me so I insisted and it was gratefully accepted. The rooms are clean. Didn't have a view but didnt matter as I only slept there. Bathroom was decent size and the facilities were in good shape. The room itself was kind of small but didn't bother me as it was a perfect refuge after hours and hours of touring.The location is just next to the Chinatown gate so was easy to get some cheap meals there and walking distance to Union Square.Would definately recommend this place and would stay here if I ever venture to SF again.	
Aug 31 2009 	Good hotel but beware of negatives	Positives: Location; cleanliness; style (we found everything very tastefully decorated; comfortable beds etc; nice rooftop terrace where you can bring your own drinks and food or bring it from a bar in the lobby with a good selection of specialty mixed drinks. So-so: small room; bathroom sliding door that does not latch; very low flow showers.Negatives: Impotent climate control system and no windows to open. We got back to the hotel around midnight on a cool breezy evening, albeit after a warm day. Room (#808) was warm and stuffy. Remember, they have the European system of your key needing to be in the slot to power the lights and A/C. We turned everything on. Lowered the set temperature. Some cool air appeared to be coming from the vent, accompanied by considerable fan noise, but clearly not enough to do any good. For the next few hours we laid there sweltering and periodically going over to the window in the vain hope of finding something to open and maybe catch a breath of fresh air. No such luck. Had we been able to open a window, we would've turned the stupid thing off and saved tons of energy; instead it kept going the entire night and only toward the morning had the room become bearable.It is silly to find yourself sweltering and suffocating in San Francisco !!!! That's why I would not recommend this hotel to a friend.GREEN has to be people friendly too. If you gonna have an on-demand climate control system, you need to make it powerful enough to quickly bring the room to a comfortable condition and then it can go into an energy saving mode.	
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent option in a great location	In very easy walking distance to Union Square, this is a bit of a hidden gem. It's fairly recently opened and has a bit of a hippy green eco thing going on, but unobtrusively so and there's a nice enough feel to the place. The quality of the food in the restaurant is very good indeed - a must-try, and frankly excellent value. I had a couple of minor niggles which I spoke to the staff about and I must say my niggles were sorted out very quickly and very professionally - if you are unhappy about anything, just say the word and they really will bend over backwards to help resolve them. I can't iterate enough how good they were in this respect. The rooms are fine, clean, spacious. If you are travelling with a baby, make sure you negotiate the cot because it seems on some occasions they may charge a supplement, depending on how you booked. Summary: Location excellent, Price very good, Restaurant excellent, Staff excellent ... what more can you ask?	
Aug 26 2009 	Friendly comfortable and convenient	I stayed for a week with my teenage daughter. The location was convenient for sightseeing and shopping (within walking distance of the PIers and Union Square) .The orange and lavender- scented shampoo and hair conditioner were great, although on two occasions, the cleaning person left us two bottles of shampoo and no conditioner, or two conditioners with no shampoo.I would recommend this hotel to a friend, but maybe not so much to big families with young children because it has a quiet ambience to it.	
Aug 26 2009 	Fantasticcleanfriendly and highly recommended.....	On arrival at the Orchard I was impressed by the service we received. Nothing was too much trouble and our bags disappeared as we checked in. They arrived at our room at the same time we did. The hotel is GREEN and whilst this may not be important to some travellers it may appeal to others. The room was immaculate and as my wife is very pernickety about cleanliness I was a little concerned it may not meet her high standards. I need not have worried, the room surpassed her expectations. Turn down service was offered on both nights of our stay.Would stay again if we visited San Francisco and would have no hesitation in recommending to others.	
Aug 26 2009 	great place	great place to stay. nice staff. great location. clean rooms and soft bed. i will be staying there every time i am in SF	
Aug 26 2009 	Green Luxury	The Orchard Garden truly makes eco-friendly travel a delight. The aesthetics are soothing and beautiful. The staff are top notch in their friendliness, patience, and knowledge of the area. The rooms are luxurious and comfortable with all sorts of green amenities like organic bath products, recycling bins in-room, and the smartest thing to hit US tourism - key cards to activate the electricity in the room when you are actually in it. The location is wonderful with easy access to all San Fran has to offer. I stayed for 6 nights and could have moved in! Gold star - I am completely satisfied with this hotel.	
Aug 26 2009 	Friendly homey and comfortable experience	This was the second time I stayed at this hotel and will return again in October. I have been truly impressed. As for convenience, couldn't be better. I own a condo one block away and have my car parked there. Condo is rented so you are my second choice. I have told many friends already about the hotel. They are going to mention it to their friends when coming to town. It's hard to find places to stay that are as nice and priced right.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great hotel excellent location	Our family of 4 - Mum, Dad and teenagers aged 16 &amp; 19 have just returned having spent 9 nights at the hotel and we were all delighted with it. Rooms were quiet, clean &amp; comfortable (beds brilliant) and bathrooms provided herbal 'eco' toiletries and large fluffy robes - a nice touch. Staff were all great - very welcoming (as was almost everyone in San Francisco), nothing too much trouble. In particular Art on the front desk was really helpful with advice on where to go and best ways to get there, and nothing was ever too much trouble. We ate breakfast a couple of mornings, and had one evening meal - food in 'Roots' was very good. Location was excellent - just a few strides from the ChinaTown Gate. We walked a lot and had no problem finding our way around. Did also use various transport - cable cars (just for the experience), buses, trams etc - transport system is excellent.On our first full day we took a 5 hour city tour with Dylan's City Tours. There were just 13 of us in a small tour bus, and Dylan is such a great guy we felt like we were travelling with a family friend - highly recommended. We also took another tour to Carmel and Monterey with Great Pacific Tours. Once again a small tour bus with just 11 passengers and a lovely tour guide, Mary. This tour includes lunch in Carmel which was in a lovely restaurant and saved us wasting our limited time looking for somewhere to eat. Also gave us an opportunity to chat with fellow travellers.Most memorable thing we did ourselves was probably Alcatraz - definitely not to be missed, but in line with comments I have seen from previous reviewers book before you travel. We pre-booked and when we visited Alcatraz there were signs up saying sold out for next 5 days. A previous reviewer refers to a 50's diner which didn't suit them - this was probably Lori's and we loved it. I'm a sucker for all the old music and enjoyed feeding the jukeboxes, but more to the point the food and the service were excellent. We much preferred it to Sear's which is highly recommended but which we found to be dark although the food was good.If you are tired in the evening and don't want to walk too far, turn left out of the hotel and walk down about a block and a half to Belden. There are several little bistros along this lane and it has a nice atmosphere. We ate in Cafe Bastille (Parisian) and B-44 (Catalan) and would recommend both. We also had a lovely lunch one day at Pier 39 - Fog Harbour Fish House - clam chowder, swordfish, crab cakes etc. - superb. We also loved the Italian district around Washington Square, North Beach where there are lots of great places to eat.If there are any mechanical/technical fans in your party, the Cable Car Museum is worth a visit. It's not just a museum, it's also the winding room providing the power for the whole system. It's very hot and noisy but very interesting.We all loved San Francisco - the climate (warm while we were there - just needed a sweater in the evening and a jacket whilst on a ferry), the people (very welcoming), the sights, the places to eat, the hotel ... really everything about the place!	
Aug 22 2009 	Wonderful place great service!	I just wanted to add the excellent reviews of this place. We just got back from 3 nights there as part of our 6 day California trip. The hotel is clean (rooms and other spaces), has a lovely rooftop area with some plans and tables/chairs, and we experienced really great service. Whoever was at the front desk was always willing to give us tips, look up restaurants, etc. Also, it is a green-hotel, which seems to be a novelty, and it's always nice to feel like you're not killing the environment :). Great location as well- a couple blocks from Union square, right next to Chinatown, near the Ferry building, etc. We LOVED it!	
Aug 20 2009 	perfect location	I think the 2 biggest pluses for this hotel is the location and the fact that this is a nice hotel! After walking around San Francisco for 3 days I didn't find another hotel or location I preferred over the Orchard Garden Hotel. It just has that perfect balance of everything: nice clean tasteful boutique hotel that isn't too big nor too small, fantastic location that's close to transit (walkable from BART which was a huge plus for getting from and to the airport) and restaurants/cafes/bars that's not in an overly busy noisy area. I wouldn't have wanted to stay at any of the hotels within a block or 2 of Union Square. The only kind of traveler it wouldn't suit would be the kind that could only feel comfortable in a large chain hotel. One of the things we really appreciated was the free Wi-fi at our rooms. I think an earlier reviewer of this hotel suggested booking directly with the hotel to get better rooms. I think that reviewer may be correct. We booked about 2 1/2 months in advance through Expedia and we got the smallest room at possibly the worst location and we didn't pay any less than others. We checked in mid-afternoon so it wasn't like we got the last room available. Still, the room wasn't too small and we were happy because it was very clean and well-appointed. The bathroom was quite large with nice bath products. We were right beside the housekeeping room (anyone accessing the housekeeping room could be heard) and we had no view with little natural light but even still, it wasn't too bad at all - we didn't spend that much time in the room!As for the staff, they were great anytime we needed them. One night time concierge recommended a fantastic restaurant to us that was closeby: E &amp; O Trading Company. It was so good we went there twice! I recommend the lamb, the satay appetizer plate and the Russian River Pinot Noir! Reservations are recommended at least a few hours in advance if going on the weekend. Speaking of restaurants, we also ate at Trademark that was located on a lane way that was just north of Bush and west of Kearney (or was it east of Kearney?). That laneway had about 5 restaurants all in a row and it gets top marks for atmosphere. It reminded me of some dining experiences in France. Go there for pretty good food and fabulous atmosphere but then also go to E &amp; O for super tasty food. Another eatery that was good was across the street called Cafe de la Presse. It's good for brunch. For brunch, one of the daytime concierges recommended Sears and also a diner that started with &quot;L&quot; I can't remember but we went there and they were just touristy 50's American style diners which didn't suit us but I'm sure many people would like that type of place. A friend who lives outside San Francisco took us to the top of Macy's where The Cheesecake Company is located. It's a super busy restaurant with a vast menu. Even though it's in Macy's, it's open until late, accessible by a private elevator. We only had dessert there - cheesecake - so I can't comment on the food but the portions were large and it draws such a huge crowd it must be pretty good or it could be just another tourist attraction? The night time view off the terrace was the best part and I recommend it for the view.One tip if taking the Powell-Hyde cable car or any cable car for that matter. Don't try to get on at the first or last stop as there will be too many people queuing to hop on. You could wait over 40 minutes to get on as the conductor won't let too many people get on at once. Walk to the next stop where there will be much fewer people waiting. You'll get on right away! We were waiting at Powell and Market to get on where there were over 100 people forming a queue and we were told the wait would be about 45 minutes to get on. I discreetly asked the conductor if I could just walk to the next stop and he discreetly said yes. We did and got on right away!Oh another nice thing about the hotel...we left our luggage there after check out for an hour and when we retrieved our bags the doorman/porter told us the maid noticed I left my ipod on the dock in the room! I really appreciated their honesty. My husband would have been pretty upset with me if I had lost it!Anyway, my husband and I had a really great time in San Francisco (first visit for both of us). It's such a pretty city and even with the many tourists it attracts, it didn't feel too crowded or too busy. The Orchard Garden Hotel definitely added to our stay - who wants a bad hotel at a bad location? Go book it. You won't regret it!	
Aug 18 2009 	Excellent Hotel - Thoroughly Recommend	We stayed here for 3 nights on the last part of our Honeymoon. I cant recommend the hotel enough. The rooms were spotlessly clean, wonderfully decorated and very comfortable. Maid service was excellent. The location of the hotel is perfect for both union sqaure and is right on the edge of China Town. The cable car is only a block away and it is a leisurely 20 minute stroll to the piers. The staff in the hotel could not have been more welcoming or helpful. I wasnt sure what our stay would be like as I usually book hotels by recommendation but the Orchard Garden Hotel totally exceeded our expectations. I would recommend this hotel to others and if we ever get back to San Fran we will definitely be staying here again.	
Aug 14 2009 	Excellent Boutique Hotel	We loved this hotel. It was centrally located on the edge of Chinatown and the financial district. MUNI and BART were only a few blocks away. The hotel also has FREE internet, which should really be the norm at hotels these days. Four and five star hotels in the area are not offering this useful amenity. Orchard Garden is a green hotel, but retains a the feel of a luxury hotel with plenty of space.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great location very clean friendly personnel no problems whatsoever	I stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel for more than a week on business. The breakfast buffet was high quality excellent food. Servers were very good. Room was somewhat compact, but not a problem with so much to do nearby day or night. Chinatown is literally 50 paces away, but yet hotel is clearly part of the Financial District. Lots of nearby restaurant choices from fast food to fine dining. Nearest BART station is about 4 blocks away, easy walk. Rate is a little expensive, but I probably ended up saving money because I didn't rent a car and didn't miss one during the entire stay because the hotel location is so central to business, entertainment, and dining. Everything in the hotel was very clean and efficiently run. All personnel did a super job.	
Aug 13 2009 	This is a winner--Clean and professional	Over all the rooms and whole property were outstanding. Very clean, the cleanest I've seen. The only thing I was disappointed in was perhaps the room (2 dbl beds) could have been a tad bigger. Very quiet room on the 8th floor. Bathroom was outstanding in cleanliness, size and ease of use of shower and the sink faucet was the best I've seen anywhere. I noticed some fluctuating shower water pressure but relatively minor annoyance really. Counter size was excellent. Beds were outstanding as well... very comfortable... slept very well. Prices in the hotel cafe seemed a bit high, food was great, service could have been a bit faster, but overall not bad. Lobby staff was efficient and friendly, eager to answer our needs. Parking (through valet) was $40/day which seemed high for a hotel but I guess that's the going rate these days. I would easily come back to this hotel.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great location and friendly staff!	We stayed at the Orchard Garden based on the reviews we read on TripAdvisor and they were right on! The location is within walking distance of pretty much anything. The staff was GREAT and very helpful with restaurant suggestions and anything else we needed. The bathrooms were a little small but that was my only &quot;complaint&quot; (if you want to call it that).	
Aug 4 2009 	The Service IS INCREDIBLE!!!	I chose this hotel because I was in San Francisco for a surgery and I read that this hotel is very accomodating to people with disabilities. I wasn't sure how limited I would be after the surgery so I knew I needed a place that could handle any of my needs.From the get go, the service at this hotel stood out. They offered to arrange a wheelchair for me and also offered to handle any arrangements that I needed. The staff are incredible! They are professional and extremely helpful!The beds were very cozy and the room was clean and very nicely decorated. I enjoyed the energy conservation and think that more hotels should offer this. They also have evening turn down service which was nice. I can't say much about the view, it was a view of other buildings and the street but you know, the noise was non existant. I read a lot of reviews about noise being such a problem in many of area hotels. This was not a problem at all, I was never troubled by noise. The only down side of the hotel is the honor bar in the rooms. It's a small broken refrigerator that has different types of very over priced drinks. Example, a can of soda is $4.00. Who wants to pay 4 bucks for a hot can of soda? There was a display in my room that was supposed to have snacks (over priced as well) but it was empty. When I brought it to the staffs attention, they advised me that they were in the middle of finding a new vendor to handle their honor bar service which was why they weren't working and items were missing. That's not a problem except that they don't even have vending machines! So if you want a drink, you either have to bring in your own or order from the restaurant. That was a bit of a drag for such a nice hotel. I think they need to just get rid of the honor bar completely and add some vending machines to this hotel. It's certainly not a service to a customer to charge them $4 for a hot can of coke. Overall, I thought this was a very nice hotel!	
Aug 2 2009 	Brilliant Hotel	My partner and I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in July 2009. The room was excellent; very clean and spacious. It was just a floor down from the roof garden and was very quiet.The staff were very helpful.We did not eat at the hotel so cannot comment on the food.The one discrepancy on the bill (mini bar) was quickly sorted out.Car parking at many of these hotels in SF is a problem(expensive) - but as we didn't have a car it didn't affect us.	
Jul 31 2009 	Perfect Location Great Customer Service	Loved this hotel. Staff was attentive and accomodating. Rooms were sparkling clean. Location was great. Beds were heaven. Don't hesitate to book it. Great value.	
Jul 31 2009 	It was perfect for me! Would def recommend!	Although my stay was only one night, it was great! Located right next to the Chinatown gate, I couldn't have asked for a better location for my final night in San Fran. I loved the fact that it was a green business as well- not many hotels go to the lengths they do to be green. The bed was fabulous with extremely comfortable and fluffy bedding. The service was great- all questions and needs were taken care of. Wireless access in my room and a printer available downstairs in the business center were convenient. ~4 blocks from BART (montgomery st station). Very clean and well kept hotel.	
Jul 31 2009 	The little luxury hotel	If there was ever a little Hotel that was as good if not better than the larger luxury Hotels, this is it. I always have something nitpick about in every stay I've had in SF, but I have nothing but praise for this hotel. I will defiantly be recommending your hotel to anyone going to SF from now on. Thanks.	
Jul 25 2009 	Great hotel in a great location	My wife and I are experienced travelers who found this hotel to be a &quot;Gem&quot;. The room was very clean with tasteful modern furnishings as well as a spotless bathroom. The location was great, being within walking distance of many of the interesting neighborhoods and sites of San Francisco. Another plus of this hotel is the wonderful staff, especially at the front desk, who were most helpful and eager to please. Additionally, the hotel is reasonably priced and is an exceptional value.	
Jul 23 2009 	An Extremely Rare Gem	If you want to feel right at home and in the perfect location with special amenities and personal touches while in SF then you have to stay at the &quot;The Orchard Garden Hotel&quot;. It is simply an amazing and wonderful place to stay.What makes it so special and unique and a wonderful experience are the people.They will make you feel extraordinarily special and so welcomed from the minute you pull your car up to the curb.From Art and Davis at the front door to Jane, Aya, Quinn, Troy, Marilisa, Nestor, Kelly, Crystal, Marie, Beth at the front desk they all go far above and beyond what any other hotel staff I have ever stayed at anywhere in the world.Yes I mention all of their names becuase they are all so wonderful, very special and unique in their own way.The Orchard Garden Hotel seems to only hire the very best of personalities and people in the hotel industry and they keep them. It is a wonderful group from top to bottom and it carries over to the guests that stay there. They are simply put the best group of people I have ever experienced in not only a hotel but probably any other organization.They are Exceptional.......... Words can't describe just how warm, courteous, helpful and how much they all want to make your stay as special as possible...There is not another hotel experience that even comes close to the experience you will have staying at the Orchard Garden Hotel................	
Jul 21 2009	This is my new favorite place to stay in SF!	I loved my stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel. They not only let me check in an hour early, they upgraded me to a top floor room. The bed was THEE most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The robe was so comfy I didn't want to take it off. It was hard to leave the room. The front desk staff was super friendly and helpful. I have never had such great service at a hotel before. The location is perfect and it was very easy to take muni across town. It is close to the major shopping area, union square, many great restaurants~expensive and not expensive. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone staying in SF, especially if you don't know the city that well. :0)(I paid in advance and that made the rate an even bigger deal!)	
Jul 20 2009 	Great hotel in great location	This hotel is centrally located on Bush Street right next to Union Square and to the cable car line. It is a new hotel and its rooms are decorated to a very high standard. The beds were very comfortable, plenty of space in room with two Queen beds, bathroom large with gowns and all toiletries supplied. We opted for breakfast included and we were not disappointed. They had an excellent choice of continental breakfast and hot breakfasts if you were prepared to pay extra.Tip: check their online rates daily as they change daily. If you ask for an exterior room, street view, then be prepared for some noise from the street. There are great French restaurants (mostly serving americanised good food) just across the road and there is a National/Alamo car rental shop just two blocks further up Bush Street.Overall, would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 17 2009 	Just Right!	A lovely boutique hotel right next to Chinatown and close to BART and MUNI stops. I really appreciated the &quot;greenness&quot; of the hotel - I have allergies and am often bothered by the harsh chemicals used in hotels for cleaning and laundry. The eco-friendly bath products were also a nice touch. Everything about the hotel was great - comfortable bed, HUGE bathroom and nice comfy robes. There wasn't much of a view, but I didn't come to SF to stare out my hotel window so that wasn't a problem for me. My only issue was the light and A/C which were controlled by the room key. It took me awhile to figure out how to turn off the A/C while still leaving a light on, and alternatively I stumbled around a bit in the middle of the night trying to find my key to activate the light. However, I like the idea, and suspect that I was just on a very slow learning curve with this. The hotel was a bit pricey, but I think it was worth it when I factored in the area and proximity to other areas I was visiting.	
Jul 13 2009 	Honeymoon pit-stop in the city	This was the second hotel we stayed in on our Honeymoon in California. For the last leg of the trip we were looking for a basic, local hotel in the heart of San Francisco while we toured the city. The hotel was clean (eco-friendly a HUGE plus!), the staff were beyond helpful, and we had absolutely no complaints. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a comfortable stay in a big city. There was a nearby alley-way full of great, trendy restaurants that were a real highlight for us. We would definately go back again.	
Jul 8 2009 	comfortable just perfect	Our family just got back from SF and really enjoyed our stay at the Orchard Garden. The staff from the front desk to the bar to housekeeping were top notch and friendly. The happy hour at Roots was fun, great fries!! Roof top was a nice place to sit and chat (can be cool up there!) I loved the location! Walk across the street to Irish Bank Pub for casual dinner and drinks.They serve food until 10:30 ish, bar open later. Two blocks away on Kearny is Bread and Cocoa where I had a great cup of coffee and wonderful pastry. Shopping is a couple of blocks away and you can find just about any store you like there. The area looks and feels safe. My 21 year old would have liked a more lively night life near the hotel but it suited me just fine. Be sure to take a sweatshirt jacket. It can turn very windy and cool at times. Long pants are better than shorts.	
Jul 6 2009 	Fabulous location and terrific value.	This very nice hotel is located in the heart of downtown San Francisco, at the edge of Union Square where it intersects with China Town. We ended up utilizing a cable car that ran down California, which was only a two block walk. (it was much less crowded that the other cable lines.) The staff was very nice and the valet parking was invaluable. We didn't eat at the restaurant (too many other dining choices!), but it looked welcoming.Everything in the room was perfect, from the nicely appointed bathroom, to the comfortable bed. WIFI service was reliable.We wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Jul 4 2009 	Ideal	Spent three nights here in June. We wanted somewhere central within walking distance of the main attractions and transport in SF. The hotel is at the corner of Bush and Grant, right next to the China Town gate. We stayed in a corner room on the eighth floor. It had two side windows on either side of the bed, as well as the main front window looking onto Bush St. This meant that the room was very bright and airy. The pale green decor was also very welcoming and soothing. It was spotlessly clean - no dust anywhere. One day when we were leaving the room we saw the maid scrubbing the door of another room - now I have never seen that before!The staff were friendly and welcoming and always acknowledged you when you entered and exited the building. They were very helpful when we checked out as we had a few hours to wait before we needed to be at the airport. They held onto our bags and even arranged for a taxi to pick us up from the front door at the exact time we requested it.This is a green hotel and this is evident in a number of ways. There are separate bins for different types of recyclable waste, plus they don't print you a receipt when you check out. It has an ideal location and there are loads of places to eat nearby, as a result of which we never got to sample what the hotel had to offer food-wise.The only negative thing I have to say about the hotel is that our room was near the top, and the rooms above us had an outside patio area. Unfortunately on the last two nights our sleep was disturbed by the inconsiderate guests above us constantly re-arranging the patio furniture until about 3am. The sound of metal scraping against concrete directly above your head is not the best thing for a good nights sleep. This didn't detract from our experience too much though and we would definitely stay here again the next time we're in SF. This is a lovely clean hotel and we highly recommend it.	
Jul 3 2009 	New crisp clean boutique great stay overall...	I stayed two nights, loved the location which is close to many many world-class shops waiting to take your money on clothing and all sorts of good stuff. ;-)The staff was top-notch, the room was ultra-clean and modern, the a/c worked wonderfully on a hot weekend, and the location perfect.I did not try the food/beverage offerings, but I did like the little rooftop garden which was a nice place to go at night and look at the view of the city. After staying at many 5-star properties in the past, I can say that this property was on-par service wise or even better, as the size of the hotel was &quot;just right&quot; for personal service - every night I almost felt like I was coming back to a high-end personal residence.Tip - if you like jeans, go to the G-Star store down the street.... I didn't even walk into Chinatown, which is just a few feet away... oh, and book direct with the hotel as they'll give you the best rates and nicest room locations.	
Jun 29 2009 	Fabulous Experience	Traveled with family (two kids ages 7 and 9). Staff was very welcoming and greeted us with chocolates (always a big hit with kids). Room and common areas were extremely clean and very spacious compared with other hotels in SF. Rooftop area lovely. Staff were helpful with suggestions. Location was perfect - easy walk to transportation. After a long day, the free DVD library was perfect for winding down.	
Jun 24 2009 	No fuss no muss.	Nice hotel w/ clean and comfy rooms, service @ a minimum but pleasant.	
Jun 23 2009 	Have a great stay and help the planet as a bonus (Green Hotel)	Orchard Garden is a very nice hotel, with rooms, services, and amenities that make it competitive with the best boutique hotels in San Francisco. On top of all that, it is a wonderfully &quot;green&quot; hotel -- with a serious committment to sustainability reflected in the design and operations. But you don't have to sacrifice comfort for that benefit -- helping the planet is just a nice &quot;perk&quot; for your stay	
Jun 23 2009 	Perfect city break hotel!	We were delighted with this hotel choice , the location is second to none, the staff helpful and friendly, the rooms spotless and modern, and the price was very reasonable.	
Jun 20 2009 	Great Hotel	Wow!! We loved our room, we loved the location and we loved the service. Everyone is very helpful and our room was spotless. After the reviews I read about the beds, I have to say our bed may be the most comfortable that we have ever slept on!!!! The location is very central and convenient to everything. Can't comment on the food since we never dined in the hotel. We will be back!!!!	
Jun 18 2009 	For the internet price location and accomodations were good	I really wanted to like this hotel more. Unfortunately, there were too many little things that added up. Had two rooms with my family but they couldn't put us on the same floor. The temperature was difficult to regulate. Our room was never vacuumed. Housekeeping kept forgetting to bring washcloths and conditioner for the bathroom. Which, btw, had no where to set anything down. The &quot;spectacular rooftop garden&quot; was quite a bit of wishful thinking on their part! It's a windy strip of cement on top of the hotel (with metal patio furniture) that has a view of the hotel windows next door and the airconditioning units. I never saw a single person up there. The internet price was too good to pass up with the location in walking distance of Union Square, the Orpheum, China Town (next door) and cable cars. The room was quiet, servicable and clean enough. The bed was quite comfortable. I wouldn't stay there again unless I was on a tight budget. Oh well, I gave green a shot!	
Jun 13 2009 	A wonderful and friendly place to saty - certifieddLEED building!	Located in the heart of San Francisco - near the Chinatown gate and within walking distance of many sights. Breakfast was a disappointment, but the croissants across the street at the Cafe du Presse were worth going for. Rooms are a good size, scrupulously clean, with wastebaskets for recyclables. Altogether a very high rating - we went with friends and we all enjoyed staying here. Would recommend this hotel to anyone, including familes, Staff is outstanding.	
Jun 13 2009 	We would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in San Francisco.	Location is perfect for foot travel to many of the cities sites. The service was fabulous, with a friendly, helpful, and courtesy staff. The room was comfortable and the view from the roof top garden of the city both daytime and nightime is awesome. The hotel is definitely a must when visiting San Francisco.	
Jun 10 2009 	I love this hotel; I'll be back.	The greenest hotel in the city, and yet it doesn't cut into the luxury! With the recent hit to the economy, prices are way more affordable, and that leaves more in the budget for eating at the excellent Roots organic restaurant downstairs.They have decent wireless Internet, as well as a wired terminal in each room. It's free, but for longer stays you have to get a new code from the front desk from time to time. This is my biggest annoyance. The Internet access was good enough to be able to watch a Netflix movie on my laptop, which is saying something.The hotel is only a block from Belden lane (a whole row of four-star restaurants!), and within sight of the tourist entrance to Chinatown. And don't forget Bart a few blocks away. Muni access is equally close, though I don't know Muni well enough to tell you how easy it would be to get to, e.g., Fisherman's Wharf. Most of my business trips to SF involve walking to an office near the Ferry Building/Embarcadero Bart, which is just about a mile from the hotel.I find the rooms to be quiet--even the ones on the street side. If you're SUPER sensitive to noise, you can request an &quot;inside&quot; room, where the view isn't as nice, but it's completely silent. The A/C system is all digital and works great. OH, except for one thing: It forgets your temperature setting when you leave your room (the keycard is required to operate the A/C), so if you go out for ice and come back, you'll need to reset your temperature, unless you like 72 degrees.Overall it's my favorite hotel in the area, and I've been to a lot of them (I go to SF once a month, on average).	
Jun 10 2009 	great hotel great location	Top class hotel excellent staff.The hotel is ideally situated with china town on its doorstep.	
May 29 2009 	WE LOVE YOU!	My 2nd visit at the Orchard Garden~both for celebrations. 1st time for 4 nights for mom's 75th &amp; sister's 50th, 2nd visit 5/20 - 5/25 for daughters' 21st &amp; 25th &amp; my 49th birthday. Long story short, from the reservations to the customer service, we had nothing but the best of accommodations and outstanding service. We have so many fond memories to share. We wish we could remember all the names of the people that made us laugh &amp; smile just thinking our stay. But to the few we remember, OUR greatest thank yous to MaryJane Haney, Reservations Mgr; Jim Bruels, Director of Business Travels; Ben Wakolbinger, Sales Coordinator; Aya Shiba, Front Desk Mgr; Art &amp; Davis, best doormen; Sarah, Front Desk; and housekeeping for making our visit so much like home and welcoming and sharing the city with us. You have left imprints of the city and the Orchard Garden that we will treasure for years to come. Aya, thank you for working with me on my reservations with Great Escape and allowing us to benefit from a savings of $500+ for the five nights. The Wicked package is what we originally booked at at $204/night +$25 for the 3rd person, but at the last minute Aya graciously made the reservations change. If that's not great customer service!Location, Location, Location! The hotel is near the Chinatown Gateway, easiest way to give the taxi driver directions, even with the occasional language barriers we encountered. Walking distance to shopping, museums, cable cars, muni, &amp; bart. Breakfast at Sears Fine Foods-yum! Lunch at Working Girls the California melt for starters. We valet parked, but with 3 women, worth the $45+tax/night, car kept safe and call 10min prior to depart to find your car waiting for you always with a smile &amp; warm send off. We had a 7am departure, car heated and waiting, loaded perfectly by Art~ off to the airport until we meet again, Mahalo &amp; Aloha from HAWAII! We will be back soon...	
May 27 2009 	Best Hotel for the price	I just stayed for 2 nights over Memorial day weekend. I was very disappointed when I found we had an inside room overlooking an air shaft. The front desk lady couldn't have been nicer. She upgrade us to a view room overlooking Bush street at no additinal charge. The room was spacious and sparkiling clean with plenty of room.I love this hotel and will only stay here on future trips because location and price and room are an unbelievable but will request an outside room.	
May 25 2009 	The Best Value and Location in San Francisco	I have stayed at the Orchard Garden hotel numerous times, both for business and pleassure. It is in a top-notch location in San Francisco, within walking distance to Union Square, shopping and the cable car lines. This is a boutique hotel which gives it character. The service and cleanliness of the rooms are unmatched. The rooms are small (because it is in the heart of the city), but they are eco-friendly, have iPod connections, flat panel TVs, COMFY beds, a mini-bar, Aveda bath products and granite appointed bathrooms. I would recommend this hotel when visiting San Francisco!	
May 24 2009 	Very nice comfortable place with environmental plus	I went to the Orchard Garden in May 2009. It is completely new building built according to the demanding standards of the US Green building Council.Very nice rooms, comfortable and sufficiently spacious, very clean, with a lot of attention given to detail. I felt at home and will come back.There is not better place if you want to stay in the Financial District of SF.	
May 21 2009 	Great Location and Nice Rooms	I took my wife to San Francisco/Napa for her birthday April, 2009. I chose this hotel after much research and wasn't disappointed. The property is well located within walking distance of union square and even the wharf if your really ambitious. One recommendation if you're going to see some of the museums - buy a CityPass you get entrance to the MOMA, deYoung, a bay boat ride, the Science museum, and best of all unlimited free transportation on the public transportation, including the cable cards, but not the BART. It costs $59 a person but well worth it, we bought it after the first day but it still more than paid for itself. Back to the hotel - it is very nice and quaint. The rooms are modern, clean but small, we didn't care so much for the small aspect because we weren't in the room for the most part. I suspect some of their suites would obviously be larger. All in all my wife and I were very pleased with our stay.	
May 20 2009 	Great Room. Great Value. Great Staff. I'll Visit Again!	Stayed in San Francisco for a weekend baseball getaway. Made a last minute reservation at the Orchard Garden. Got a great rate in a fine location - an easy walk to Union Square or the train to AT&amp;T Park. Lots of casual bars and restaurants right on the same block. The continental breakfast was very nice, and we added eggs very affordably to make it a full breakfast. Overall - a great value for a new, very clean, very nice hotel with a friendly staff.	
May 13 2009	Great value great location great staff!	My grown daughter and I stayed at the Orchard Garden for several nights in Feb and were very pleased with our accommodations. The location coudn't have been better for touring the city and the staff was extremely helpful. Our room could only have been made better by the addition of a fridge and maybe a microwave...otherwise it lacked nothing. We will definitely plan on staying there again on our next trip to San Fran!	
May 6 2009 	Clean room excellent service good location to see San Francisco.	I was a speaker at a recent conference and chose the Orchard Garden at the recommendation of a local client. Service and location couldn't have been better. A comfortable walk to the Muscone Center and Chinatown right around the corner. This would be a good location to stay and see San Francisco. Sustainability is high on their priority list without giving up any comfort or amentities. Highly recommended for business or pleasure. Rooms are not large but very adequate. Very nice roof garden with view of the city.	
May 6 2009 	Excellent value location and staff	We had a very pleasant stay. The location was absolutely perfect (right next to the gate to Chinatown). The rooms were squeaky clean and the staff couldn't have been more helpful.The few things brought up by the rare previous negative reviews seem to have been taken care of. No sign of construction... Everything appeared to be beautiful and complete. Recycling was available in the room and our 2nd floor street facing room was very quiet.	
May 4 2009 	Very clean new hotel with small rooms and not much else	Let me start by saying this hotel is very new and clean, so very comfortable to stay in.My complaint is that the rooms are very small, hardly enough room to turn around.There is no fridge to use, only one stocked with expensive drinks that can't be removed unless you pay for them.There is not much on offer besides the room, as breakfast isn't included in most room rates.Free wifi is good but continually having to log in is annoying.I was also very disappointed that booking a month in advance meant I paid much much more for the room than booking a week before travel. Oh well :(	
Apr 29 2009 	Clean quiet eco-friendly hotel in excellent location	I really enjoyed my stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel. It is a boutique, eco-concious hotel in a great central downtown location. The room was small but very comfortable. The bed and linens were awesome. Nice size bathroom with EO Organics toiletries. The room was also very quiet, I did not hear street noise or other guests. I did not eat in the restaurant so can't comment on that. There is also a nice rooftop deck with tables and chairs. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 29 2009 	Just right	This hotel was just right for us - in the middle of everything, clean, quiet, comfortable! We were very pleased with the price per night that we found through trip advisor. We will definitely stay here again!	
Apr 28 2009	Loved it... great value for SF	You can't beat the location, the friendliness of the staff, and what you get for your dollar, especially for San Francisco. We absolutely loved our experience at this hotel. We booked a standard double/double, and upon check-in were upgraded to a 7th floor deluxe... and a corner room at that! The room was HUGE for the city. Spacious, clean, beautiful -- great flatscreen TV and DVD player, beautiful granite bathroom, ridiculously comfortable beds and linens, and a powerful shower with hot water for days. My only very minor complaint about the room is that the mini-fridge is one of those sensor-type minibars, so you can't store perishable food you might purchase on your own. We stayed for 3 nights, and on our second night, we unfortunately had some obnoxious neighbors... at 11pm they were playing guitar, singing, banging on bongos and burning incense! (I'm an extremely light sleeper, and the room was VERY quiet -- no street noise, and even these loud neighbors were a somewhat muffled noise.) I called the desk, especially because the incense was bothering me... and they took it very seriously. They didn't merely call the room and ask them to be quiet, they sent up a team of security... the noise immediately stopped, as well as the odor. The next day, I checked to see if the same people would be in the room next to me, and they were -- however, the desk told me there had been a note made in the computer about the incense and noise, and that the people had been firmly warned and they would be asked to leave immediately if I had any more problems. As someone who is a frequent business traveler, I'm kind of used to being sometimes blown off by the front desk, but the Orchard Garden took my complaints seriously. The next night, there were no problems whatsoever.The only overall negative is that we really didn't like the hotel's restaurant &quot;Roots.&quot; Food was mediocre, overpriced, not great service. But definitely not a drawback in a city where you have a ton of dining options within walking distance.One other fantastic feature is the free Wireless Internet! I will absolutely stay at this hotel on my next trip to SF.	
Apr 24 2009 	Lovely room elegant no chemical smells anywhere!	I hate chemical smells in hotels, and they all have them. At least, I thought they did, until I stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel. Lots of hotels are lovely. This one made me feel good too! The service was great, the amenities above average, and the bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in. No question, I'd stay here again in a heartbeat. Great location too.	
Apr 23 2009 	FABULOUS!!	totally caring staff a beautiful hotel, our third visit	
Apr 22 2009 	Best location overall	Walking distance to Chinatown, Union Square, Market Street and public transportation yet just far enough from the crowds, The Orchard Garden is my hotel for vacation and business in SF.	
Apr 17 2009 	5 carefree nights in San Francisco	The Orchard Garden Hotel surpassed my expectations. The staff managed everything from the telephone reservations to the 4:00 AM check out with profesional efficiency . The property was impeccable clean. The double/double room on the 9th floor was very quiet. There was no view but we did not spend a great deal of time in the room. We appreciated the comfortable bed, the heavenly linnens , fluffy towels, and the bathrobe. We ate breakfast at Roots restaurant. It was the best breakfast we had in the city. Sarah helped with restourant recommendations and airport transportation.	
Apr 15 2009 	A green hotel in a great location	I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights in part of a longer trip around the Western USA.The location of the hotel is excellent for both tourists and business travellers alike being close to Union Square, Chinatown and the business district. Fishermans Wharf is a nice walking distance away if you want to blow off the cobwebs.The hotel lobby is relatively small and narrow, fitting in with the boutique theme, with a small bar, a small restaurant and a small business centre with a couple of PCs. I didnt try the restaurant, there was a great French breakfast place opposite.I found the room to be excellent. Very modern, light woods, glass and really making a thing of the hotels green credentials. Free internet is always a good thing, and the room was particularly spacious, with a comfortable bed and good bathroom.The hotel is a solid 4-star and a good alternative to some of the name brand chain hotels nearby. Ill definitely consider it next time I return to San Francisco.	
Apr 8 2009 	Clean and Comfortable	We really enjoyed the clean, comfortable soothing colors of the hotel. Free internet is a great service. Valet parking is expensive, but it is San Francisco. Roots restaurant is fantastic.	
Apr 8 2009 	An Organic Delight	Rooms were sleek, clean and environmentally responsible. Staff were friendly especially the valets. The food, appetizers and wine selection were fantastic along with the guide to environmentally conscious shopping/eating. Never a bad steer. The only improvement could be the continental breakfast which was somewhat uninteresting, bland and non-organic.	
Apr 4 2009 	Lovely hotel	This is a lovely hotel in downtown San Francisco and a nice departure from large chain hotels. We were lucky to get an extremely attractive rate through a hotel promotion. - Comfy beds- Exceptionally clean- Friendly staff- Well-appointed rooms including DVD/CD player, iPod doc, flat screen TV (even a CD to help you get to sleep), pod coffee/tea maker and mini-bar if you want more- Excellent location - walk to North Beach for Italian, Chinatown for Asian restaurants and downtown for shopping- Free wi-fi- Excellent bath amenities- Green hotel - you insert your key after entering the room to engage the electricity and move it to turn everything off when you leave the room - similar to what I've seen in Europe and a very good ideaWe did not eat at the attached restaurant, &quot;Roots&quot;, but the menu looks good. The decor of the guest room is soothing and pretty. There was a very large mirror on the wall near the bed. We did not get a room with a view so can't speak to that and did not have a car to worry about parking. But overall a very pleasant stay and I highly recommend this hotel to visitors to the city.	
Apr 4 2009 	Excellent	This is a beautiful hotel, in a great location: China town starts at the corner and the subway from the airport is two blocks away. The staff were friendly and helpful. The business centre is available and free, although there is a fee for printing. The room was quiet, lovely, spacious and clean and included tea/coffee making facilities. Union square was about a 5 min walk, where we went for breakfast at Sears. The hotel is in a great location to explore the city on foot and there is a car rental two blocks west if you want to rent a car and get out of the city for a day. This was the nicest hotel Ive stayed in for quiet some time and I would highly recommend it!	
Apr 3 2009 	A perfect small hotel in the heart of SF with a friendly atmosphere and very comfortable beds after a day in the City.	We totally enjoyed The Orchard Garden Hotel and of particular note is the cleanliness of the room and bathroom. I left things out and had no worries about theft because the staff was small and friendly and seemed genuinely to care about making our stay a pleasant one. The beds are super comfy and luxurious! We had a room at the front of the hotel, 8th floor, overlooking the city street and it was bright and cheery and totally quiet. We could not hear anything inside our room. The free Wifi is another enjoyable bonus. I would definitely stay here again and have recommended it to friends and family.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great beautiful quiet comfy and in our favorite SF location!	Very ECO! No strange new carpet or paint smells - for a new hotel that is nice. Loved the linens, decor, bath products, bathrooms are large - and it is a very quiet hotel - unusual in the older hotels that are upgraded.. They did an excellent job with this property. This is also the best area of the city to stay in - with in walking distance to Union Square, China Town and yet - a relaxed area at night. Cafe Presse is across the street - one of the best breakfast haunts in SF and Lululemon Yoga a block away! Good Sunday a.m. team up!	
Mar 31 2009 	Two Thumbs Up!!!!!!!!!!	I was well greeted by the staff. Very helpful in my checkin process and how to get quickly settled for my stay.I got some good tips about the immediate area. Parking, places to eat ( I chose the Irish Bank! - very cool ) and the proximity of buildings to this one.The roof garden is a must see. It was quiet and serene.The room was great. Quiet, clean, new flat screen tv with plenty of channels and PPV movies. The room was well laid out and seemed very nice. It was cozy an comfortable.I totally enjoyed my stay.	
Mar 30 2009 	'Green' hotel in great location...	Our stay at the Orchard Garden was very pleasant. We had stayed there before (see Nov 6, 2007 review) and the management messed up our reservation by not giving us the free breakfast that was included in our package. We wrote the manager and never received a reply. We mentioned this to the front desk when we checked in this March and they immediately gave us a room upgrade and two free glasses of wine with an apology. I said before that the hotel was very clean and in a great location and that we would stay again. We did and were very satisfied with the staff. We will definitely stay again. The location is great - close to Union Square. Cafe de la Presse is across the street, good for breakfast or dinner. Chinatown is around the corner. Ask for an inside room, no view but quiet. The roof top garden is a nice spot for a late afternoon drink.	
Mar 20 2009 	Good vibe from the hotel staff and a comfortable stay.	The hotel representative checking us in was so nice, and he upgraded us from an interior room to one with a view. Comfy beds, flat panel tv, nice scented toiletries: overall a really pleasant stay. The hotel is 4-5 blocks from Union Square (closer the financial district, which is much better than being closer to the Tenderloin) and about a 10-15 minute walk to the Montgomery BART station. We got a great advanced purchase deal through the hotel's website ($120/night). Overall, a pleasant stay.	
Mar 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel...	We stayed at The Orchard Garden Hotel for two nights, I wish our stay was longer. This hotel is beautiful, very clean and the staff is very friendly. I would definitely stay here again, I don't even think I would look anywhere else!	
Mar 14 2009 	Loved the outdoor deck rooms and location	We were there for the weekend visiting our daughter, and it was a great time. The location for walking to restaurants and sights was perfect, and the rooftop deck was perfect for visiting with our daughter and her friends. We had the suite room since the price was right, and it was large, spacious and the bed was insanely comfortable. I can't say enough good things about our stay, and we felt good knowing it was all &quot;green&quot;.	
Mar 14 2009 	Great Location/serene surroundings	The room lived up to its name. The decor and space was fine. I requested an upgrade to an exterior room and it was great. No noise came into the room to disturb me. I have stayed in this area before and the Orchard Garden will be my choice again. I felt the restaurant was a little overpriced and it appeared that breakfast was the busiest time. However there are other places to eat nearby.	
Mar 13 2009	Nice!	So nice to check in early after flying from DC! The cleanest bathroom I have ever seen.Quiet and comfy. Great location. Plenty of fun,sites,history,food and shopping w/in easy walking.	
Mar 12 2009 	this was a great value and wonderful get-away for a weekend	My husband and I just returned from a weekend in SF. I booked the hotel from their website which was a great value. Used some of the tips I had seen here about riding BART, and no hotel breakfast, good advice, as we were trying to have a weekend away that was not expensive. We had a very relaxing weekend. The rooms are great, beds very comfortable. We stayed on the inside and still had some street noise (says my hubby, the light sleeper) I heard no noises, so you need to judge based on your normal tolerance for noise. You are in the middle of a city for heavens sake! It was very easy to get around with public transportation, we also walked alot. The staff, including front desk, were very good to us. Don't miss the roof garden. Very nice place to sip a glass of wine, and view the city lights. Only drawback....I discovered the shopping area that is very close...and now want a trip with the girls. (not on the cheap! :)	
Mar 11 2009 	Clean 	Hotel itself is new &amp; modern, I like the energy efficiency of it with the card key turning on the power, and the in-room recycling bins. Free wi-fi internet is excellent. Bathroom is roomy and enjoy the toiletries. The bed is extremely comfortable. Love the bath robes &amp; slippers. Rooms facing the street will hear street noise so if you are a light sleeper like I am, don't choose street view. We were on 7th floor and can hear street traffic all day &amp; all night even with double pane windows. If you like a decent size room, make sure you book superior room size and up. Breakfast: don't eat at the hotel, and try places like Lori's diner near Sutter &amp; Powell. The bell person, valet &amp; security were all friendly &amp; helpful. However, beware of front desk staff. We requested room change due to street noise &amp; were downgraded to a standard room facing the back (we booked superior room)! After much arguing on the phone with the front desk guy and being told that &quot;your reservation was a standard room&quot;, &quot;all rooms facing interior were standard room&quot; &amp; getting real upset, he finally said &quot;I will have to speak with the reservation department&quot;, we were eventually upgraded to a junior suite. On the day of checkout, we requested to check out 30 min late, and were denied by the girl at front desk, citing &quot;too many other guests want to check out late&quot;. My husband and I travel a lot and were never denied late check out before. Basically what the front desk staff put us through made the stay at this hotel unpleasant. The front desk staff is unprofessional and needs more training on customer service and better people skills.	
Feb 27 2009 	a pleasant surprise!	To cut it short, I'd better say what we disliked about this hotel:1) the view from our window was on a courtyard instead of on the streets of san francisco. But I guess it was only misfortune.... ;P2) you were not allowed to open the windows.Apart from that, we simply loved this super-central, cosy, modern, comfortable, squeaky clean hotel!	
Feb 21 2009 	Like this hotel but...	I have mixed feelings about the Orchard Garden Hotel. My girlfriend and I stayed here in late January, 2009 for her birthday trip. We travel to San Francisco about 4-5 times a year for pleasure. What we liked:1) The location of this hotel is absolutely the best. Chinatown, is right outside the front door. Ferry Building Plaza and Union Square are both easy walks. 2) Plenty of good restaurants are less than a mile away. 3) Great accessibility. To get here from the San Francisco airport, just jump on the BART ($5.35), take it to Montgomery Station and walk up to the hotel. 4) The staff is extremely helpful. They upgraded us after I filed a complaint about my room. 5) Our first room (a Junior Suite), although a bit small, was fine with a nice comfortable bed.What we didn't like:1) We could hear way too much of what was going on in the next door room. We were awakened by the couple next door making love and then literally could hear their pillow talk afterwards. We were very surprised that such a nice new hotel wasn't designed to include adequate sound proofing. This problem was definitely a deal breaker for me and I complained to the front desk the next morning. They were extremely helpful and upgraded us to one of the top floor Terrace Suites which was great. So as I said, I am torn. I really like this hotel. But unfortunately, I am hesitant about going back. My girlfriend, on the other hand, is willing to give them another chance. So, if you stay here, be sure to mention that you want a room that is quiet (especially in the middle of the night).	
Feb 18 2009 	Great hotel in fantastic location	Belatedly reviewing this hotel after staying here in early June 2008 for 4 nights. Got a terrific rate through Expedia and after reading other reviews decided to give it a go.Fantastic central location right next to Chinatown entrance, with a short walk to the main shopping area/Union Square district. We walked to the Fisherman's Wharf area which took around half an hour.The room was great, we did not have much of a view (overlooked a back alley) but was not bothered by that, and it was nice and quiet throughout. King size bed was extremely comfortable, bathroom a decent size, nice flat screen tv with HD channels, and a small couch area. First time i had seen a separate recycling bin for papers/plastics etc. which is a great idea and should be used by other hotels. Didn't like the fridge, there was no room to store purchased items, and it was one of those weight sensor deals so you couldn't take items out without you getting charged for them. I firmly believe hotels should give its guests the option of at least storing a few items purchased outside of the hotel in a fridge. Our fridge was locked for some reason and because of that we didn't even bother asking to get it unlocked (it had a glass front door so you could see inside).Didn't eat breakfast in the hotel, but there are plenty of great choices in the nearby area anyway. Overall we really enjoyed this hotel, its location is great, rooms were terrific, and i applaud them for taking the initiative to go 'green'. if we ever return to San Francisco we would stay here again without hesitation.	
Feb 17 2009 	Beautiful quiet convenient...	I stayed at the Garden this past weekend and loved it! The room was clean, simple and elegant. The bed was comfy and the sheets were super soft. The room itself was kind of small and there wasn't much space to unpack a suitcase, but the bathroom was huge with a gorgeous, large tub and separate shower. I'm a sucker for a beautiful bathroom! I also loved that they had dvds we could borrow to watch in the room when we didn't feel like leaving the hotel. The front desk folks were friendly and helpful and very accommodating. We ate dinner in the Roots restaurant and shared a delicious organic salad, free-range, organic pork chops and a yummy dessert. After dinner, we ordered cocktails from the bar and wandered up to the rooftop garden to take in the view. Overall, a lovely time plus I feel like I gained some good karma points just by staying here. :)	
Feb 16 2009 	Wonderful overall	My husband and I just got back from our stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel in San Francisco. He was there for business and I got to tag along and discover the city. The hotel was immaculate and the staff was nothing but accommodating and friendly. The room was very clean and comfortable. We were there over Valentine's Day and they did their best to find a restaurant for us on that day on very short notice. They were also able to provide us with a variety of recommendations on where to eat on the other days we were there. In regards to my interaction with the front desk staff, they were able to help me with all of my plans while I got around the city. The hotel is wonderfully located. Just down the street from China Town, a few blocks from Union Square, and a short walk to the variety of transportation systems. We had a fantastic time in San Francisco and really enjoyed our stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel.	
Feb 10 2009 	A fantastic boutique hotel	This hotel has always been out of my price range. So when I saw it for $99 per night on Expedia, I jumped at the chance to stay there for an upcoming conference. No regrets. In fact, I wish I could always afford to stay here when I'm in San Francisco. Just a short walk from the Montgomery BART station, I was warmly greeted by the front door man and the front desk. They were very professional and helpful. They told me I had the best room in the house, and they were right. I got a room on the 10th floor facing Bush street. I had a beautiful view of downtown San Francisco. And I've stayed at a variety of places in Union Square. My room was at the Orchard Garden was the quietest of them all. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was enormous. Full tub and separate shower and double vanity. Great bath products. A flat screen tv with a dvd player graces the room, along with free wi-fi in the rooms as well. Just make sure to get the code from the front desk. My room was large in contrast to other rooms in downtown San Francisco. I have no complaints whatsoever. A great stay.	
Feb 9 2009 	Nice Place to Stay	Stayed here for four nights on business last month and it was a pleasant although not perfect experience. Location is great, right next to Chinatown and close to Union Square, lots of places to walk to for food and coffee.The room was good, got upgraded to a superior king with a view to Bush street. Room was very quiet, bed and linens were great, loved the recycling bins right in the room too. The bathroom was large and laid out pretty well but I prefer more water pressure in the shower, I have long thick hair and it felt like it took me a half hour to wash it! Loved the EO products provided, especially the grapefruit mint glycerin soap. Would have preferred to receive USA Today rather than the local paper, and never saw the USA Today available in the lobby as was mentioned in the room, but oh well, that's no biggie.Fitness center had nice machines but there are only three (!) - one bike, one treadmill and one elliptical plus a small area with a mat and an excercise ball. I know it's not a big hotel but IMO there should be more machines available, a minimum of two treadmills and at least some free weights. Also thought it was gross that there was no sanitizer to wipe the machines with - yuck. Luckily, there is a lot of cardio available from the city itself :)Did not have room service since there are so many options nearby - Starbucks kitty corner from the hotel, Working Girl's Cafe going the other way (awesome place) and Cafe Amici down the block (wouldn't really recommend that one). Favorite restaurant of the trip? Capurro's down at the wharf - great seafood, pizza and steaks, awesome happy hour and fabulous service. We liked it so much we went there three times in four days! Had lunch at Nonna Rose down by the wharf and liked it alot, and went to the trusty Boudin for tasty and inexpensive food too. Also went to the Irish Bank Bar and Restaurant which I would never recommend to anyone - horrible food, service and the place was dirty. Two out of three of us got a stomach ache after dinner here. All in all, I would choose to stay at the Orchard Garden again. It's not my favorite hotel but it certainly fills the bill for a business trip.	
Feb 8 2009 	Fantastic Location Rooms 	We stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel for 7 nights in December 2008 when in San Francisco on both business &amp; pleasure. We could not have asked for a better location - the area is safe and quiet, and is centrally located within walking distance of the Piers, Union Square, and many other tourist and business sections of town. It is also very close to several different cable car lines, which makes getting around the city easy and quick. The hotel room itself was amazing - the most comfortable beds we've ever slept in! (and we've been in a lot of hotels in the US and abroad). The sheets and comforters made it feel like we were curling up in a cloud every night, which was very nice after long days of meetings and/or sightseeing. The room looked out onto the street with a great view but was still very quiet, and we never heard people in the neighboring rooms, so sleeping was easy. The hotel is &quot;green&quot; and has wonderful environmentally-themed decor and stylish recycling receptacles in the room, which we greatly appreciated. The flat-screen TV was awesome, as was the DVD player in the room and free DVDs available at the front desk - we recommend &quot;Escape from Alcatraz.&quot; Front-desk staff was friendly, and the hotel was very willing to accomodate several of our special requests. There's also a roof-top terrace with a wonderful view. I will definitely stay here again when I return to SF and I highly recommend this hotel!	
Feb 3 2009	Pleasant	Just stayed here last wk and had a good experience. Perhaps the front desk has improved because of TA complaints but we had excellent, prompt customer service.Front desk guys were friendly and helpful. They also rushed to assist us in hailing cabs, carrying luggage etc.We were also pleased to not see hardly an homeless people and so were not badgered or made to feel unsafe during our five night stay. According to many reviews of other SF hotels this is a chronic problem. So we're not sure what to attribute it to- apparently the mayor is asking people not to give the homeless handouts so that they will avail themselves of existing services or perhaps the hotel's location was better- between Chinatown and Union Square.Someone else complained about the mattresses being uncomfortable- we thought they were quite comfy- kind of a firm foam rather than box springs but not too firm. Linens were excellent quality- seemed to be all cotton with high thread count. Climate control was good and the room could be made cool enough at night to enjoy the down duvets.Our &quot;superior&quot; room with two double beds facing the front of the hotel was quite roomy but another room facing the back with a king bed was quite small. We heard almost no noise from other guests over five nights but the king bed to the rear reported some noise issues. Street noises were also minimal in our 7th floor room.Bar service was nice and we enjoyed the free appetizers with drinks which seemed quite pricey but are probably standard for big city hotels. The dinner menu looked good but I have a fear of most hotel dining... so often mediocre.We ate breakfast one morning across the street at Cafe de la Presse- a really cute fake French place. The atmosphere was great and would definitely go there again. Breakfast was tasty although an order of toast tasted kind of old or stale.. Espresso drinks were acceptable but not great.We also ate dinner one night up the hill on Bush St at Bar Crudo. High quality ingredients and pretty good but not great unless you are a fan of sashimi.. We thought it was going to be Italian and so were disappointed in the mostly raw seafood menu. A seafood chowder was creamy and good except for cubes of lardo swimming in it. Would be improved by being plainer and less exotic.Had alot of disappointing dining experiences despite reading Zagat and SF Chronicle Best Of. RW Apple steered us wrong on the Tadich Grill- very poor food but nice atmosphere and private booths. Maybe we should have asked the hotel staff for suggestions but we didn't.Our best meals were at the Ferry Bldg. Slanted Door (Vietnamese) is excellent but very busy and expect a wait even with reservations. Also, as you face the ferry bldg, the taqueria in the bldg immediately to the left was quite tasty for lunch. Miette Bakery at the Ferry Bldg had divine pastries- bring some of their packaged cookies home as a gifts.My only minor criticism of the hotel was the daily maid service which was adequate but marginal despite leaving a good tip each day. No eye for detail- so the hotel management might want to consider hiring more females- not to be sexist.. but the maid service was marginal as I say.. kept things clean but not nicely straightened up.Would we stay here again? Yes, if a good rate was available. We had also considered the 480 which had a good expedia rate. The Orchard Garden's location is close to ideal.	
Jan 22 2009 	This hotel is a gem!	This is the second time I have stayed at the Orchard Garden and I highly recommend it. The staff is wonderful and I always find it easy to relax and unwind in my room. The ambiance is soothing and I very much appreciate the emphasis on natural fibers and products. I also appreciate the extras: wireless internet is free, there is an in room safe, the bath products are of a high quality, newspapers are delivered every morning etc. I was in town for a conference at one of the large hotels. Not only did I get a much better rate (internet special) at the Orchard, but on comparing notes, my stay was much more pleasant than my friends who stayed with the conference.	
Jan 20 2009 	Good without the extras	Overall the hotel was decent: -central location-spotless, new rooms-good heating-some friendly front desk employeesBUT: After checking out, they charged my credit card extra amount without detailing the reasons. When I called, they took a while to mention, and then they said that there were missing items from the room, and that they had to bill us for it. My concern here is that they never even consider that housekeeping made a mistake or they never contacted us to ask us if we had taken these items. Knowing that I did not take those items, and that one of the women i spoke to, would not even consider that housekeeping could have made a mistake, I felt insulted and treated like a thief! and that to a costumer is unacceptable!I spoke to two supervisors about these charges, but they won't stop implying that we took those items. If I had not experienced the described circumstances, it would have been a decent hotel, in the middle of the touristic zone, not a jewel. So if you go there, make sure to count all the pillows, sheets, towels, curtains, menus in the room and repeat this process after housekeeping comes to your room...EVERY DAY...make sure to report any changes....	
Jan 4 2009 	Nice Hotel Great rooms unprofessional staff in front desk	Well I booked this hotel on the hotels website at a good price but as I had previously stayed in the hotel I phoned the hotel and mentioned I was looking for a room for 5 nights and I had previously stated ther for more than 10 nights earlier in the year and I was checking do they have a rate for returning guest. the price I was given was about 100dollars a night more than the site so I mentioned that the web site has a better price of about 100dollars less and he said no way it must be an error I had the website opened on my laptop and re opened the same site on my other PC and guess what they had changed the prices &quot; or someone did !!&quot; as I was on hold for about 15 mins... by the way the customer service is very poor they pass you from ther other hotel up the street the orchard garden and then back to ther orchard garden hotel. so I decided to book it anyway and guess what I get an email back in about 10 mins to say SORRY THIS WAS AN ERROR AND WE CANT PROVIDE THE ROOM AT THAT PRICE AS IT WAS AN EMPLOYEE RATE so I decide to ring them and got VOICEMAIL now these guys dont do telephone calls very well all you get is voice mail so with a few emails back and tow they decided to honour the rate which I was delighted at my previous experice staying in the hotel was very good the rooms are excellent and I mean excellent, pity about the front of house.I was meeting my colleague in the hotel and he checked in before me and gave them his credit card for the usual deposit just in case you use the telephone or drink the water etc from the mini bar which is fine I totally understand this proceedure. The Rooms are excellent, clean, comfortable etc but the breakfast is terible and a rip off coffee is luke warm, bread is hard as its left out ham is OK ceral is Ok thats it so u have a shelf on a table with ham, cheese yogurt 2 juices 3 cerals bread u couldn't eat it unless u toast it, no cooked breakfast availalbe and the coffee is voil, the service is like the coffee luck warm and the coffee is in one of thoses flasks you give to kids going to school disappointing and the breakfast is overpriced but there is a brillant french place accross the street &quot; cafe de pres&quot; was 12dollars and u get pancakes juice real coffee etc its a jem. Oh in the dinning room where the breakfast is served the door going into the bar is open at times and u can see the drains etc and pipes from the machines which is filty and would turn anyone off the breakfastto see the lease ther seems to be no manager around to keep and eye on whats happening the front desk is a little boys club all chatting pressing buttons on their keyboards etc good hotel location wise, with brillant rooms but lacking service at the front of house and the breakfast needs to be changed ASAP on the departure I hanged in my card to get the bill and also got my invoice signed the invoice or what the americans call the CHECK and guess what about 3 weeks later my colleague's card got charged after I giving them my Credit card on check out which was the same card I booked it with on the Internet and they given me the receipt invoice etc HOW unprofessional to do this to someone, and it was embarrassing that my work colleague now got charged for it on his credit card, so I phoned the hotel to get the usual Voice mail left a message and no reply sent email to ask would someone return my call NO luck and phoned again still waiting for ther call Summary great rooms clean, comfortable, Front of House &amp; Admin staff unprofessional terrible breakfast	
Jan 4 2009 	Wonderful Time	This was a 50th birthday weekend I organized with family that don't do a lot of traveling. They were very comfortable and happy with the accomedations and the location. We like to walk and it was a great location - union square, chinatown, north beach, financial district, cable car. Beautiful hotel, clean, attractive, staff was very friendly , attentive, courteous and helpful. I felt pampered and rested. Room was nicely appointed and had comfy beds. The room was quite even though we faced the street.	
Jan 4 2009 	Cramped but Nice	The Orchard Garden is conveniently located downtown, absolutely spoteless but without much character for the price. Our double was so small it was hard for two people to get by each other in the room. On the other hand, the beds are super, so if you are just using the hotel for sleep it's fine.We stayed in #208 facing Bush, and while the double windows kept out most street noise, the same could not be said for the interior . Could hear next door conversations, and had no &quot;do not disturb &quot; tag to hang on New Year's Eve. So Housekepping knocked at our door at 9AM ,as well as our neighbors, to a collective and vocal&quot;go away&quot; which could be heard all over the floor. So much for sleeping in on New Year's Day. Not much thought on management's part. Maybe less focus on the &quot;Green&quot; and a little more investment insulating their rooms from each other. All in it seems overpriced for what you get in value, unless you can get a deal--under $150	
Jan 2 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Great Price Amazing Location!	We have stayed at the Orchard Garden hotel twice now, once for business and once for pleasure. Both experiences were fantastic, we fell in love! The rooms are clean, the beds and sheets are exceedingly comfortable, and the staff are friendly and helpful. The convenience of free wireless and movie rentals are very thoughtful and show the care that the management puts into the facility. The location right outside the gates of China Town make wandering the city easy, and its close proximity to the Powell St. BART station make travel a breeze.The icing on the cake is the specials that the hotel will run, lowering it's nightly stays to under $150, as well as it's fantastic happy hour specials (buy a drink, get an appetizer for free).We recommend this hotel to everyone who asks, so enjoy!	
Dec 31 2008 	Great staff service quiet room	Just spent 5 nights at Orchard Garden over the holidays. I travel a lot for business, but this was for a family vacation with my 12 year old son. Of all the hotels I have stayed at in my life I would rate this among THE BEST!!! This is primariily because of the very friendly staff that aims to please. We needed help setting up my son's new video game system that he got from grandpa and wanted to try on the hotel TV. Even though the hotel engineer had left fot the day already, someone came up from the front desk and gave it his all until he got it hooked up! Beds and bedding were very comfortable, and room was exceptionally quiet even though on second floof on the street. Everything clean and worked well. It is not big-- my son and I with the two double besds and all our stuff pretty well filled it, but it was well-laid out and comfortable.Only drawbacks, low-flow shower is less strong than I like, but this is good for the environment, and it was sparkling clean and worked well. And while service was very friennly, the restaurant food was a little too interesting--organic, creative, some tasty, some not.	
Dec 26 2008 	Great stay great area great hotel	It was my first trip to San Francisco and I enjoyed the stay at this hotel. I was first thinking to stay in the area of Fishermans Wharf, but after reading the good reviews I decided to stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel and now I know: it was the perfect choice and the perfect location.We arrived after a long flight from Germany and were greated with a smile and with our name right when we walked in. We were a party of 3 adults in a room with 2 double beds and it was enough space for us. The room was quiet and has everything you might need during a stay at a city hotel. The bathroom has a lot of space with bathtub and shower in one. Even a bathrobe is provided. And I also have to say, you will sleep just well in the bed of this place! The room is clean and I love the eco-friendly ammenities.There are a lot of restaurants and shopping close by and it is easy to get around when you are at this hotel, because also the cable car is not far at all.I can absolutely recommend the Orchard Garden Hotel and would choose it for a future trip once more.	
Dec 11 2008 	1000 US dollar deposit withheld from ny account	A bunch of Swedish doctors attented the newly held ASH meeting. We had rooms prereserved ar Orchard Garden San Francisco. The rooms were prepaid by the travel agency. Despite that the hotel took a deposit of aroung 1000 US dollars fom our credit card. Despite commenting on the incorrect action taken, nothing happened. We left the hotel on monday and still, 3 days later these, these money has not been released and can apparently not be used by me. I have e-mailed the hotel three times and they only show their arrogance by not responding. Certainly, I will not attend that astablishment again!	
Nov 26 2008	Exceptional experience at Orchard Garden	The hotel exceeded our expectations! It is elegant AND green.No chemicals, no perfumes--I breathed easy the whole visit.The staff members were also exceptionally gracious. The location is also very good, half a block from the Chinatown Gate and just a few blocks walk from anything you want to do in downtown SF, or the BART or the bus if you want to go farther.We recommend it!	
Nov 26 2008 	Great location	We have stayed here before and were not disappointed the second time. The location is excellent. The room is fresh and new. The bed is extremely comfortable. And we love the green aspects. The use of the computers in the business center is very useful also. If you have not been to the Ferry Buliding yet, you should definitely give it a try.	
Nov 24 2008 	Absolutely Loved It	Our stay at Orchard Garden was comfortable and effortless. Everything was perfectthe staff is courteous and accommodating; our room was beautiful, spacious, and clean. We had the added satisfaction of supporting an environmentally-conscious business without experiencing any drop-off in quality. I was a little worried about the &quot;low-flow&quot; fixtures in particular, but the water pressure was plenty strong. And the linens were every bit as soft as you'd expect from a luxury hotel.The hotel's location is optimal: right next to Chinatown, a stone's throw from Union Square. Lots of shops and restaurants. And very close to BART (getting to Orchard Garden from SFO was surprisingly quick).The hotel's restaurant, Roots, has excellent food and excellent service. And the coffee was the best we had while in San Francisco.In all, I can't recommend this place highly enough. Easily the best hotel stay I've had in years...	
Nov 17 2008 	Nice alternative to a big hotel	I booked this hotel almost solely upon the recommendations on Trip Advisor - I usually stay at either the Hyatt or Westin chains in San Francisco, so this was a refreshing change from the &quot;big hotel&quot; experience.Stay here if....you appreciate the &quot;green&quot; movement and nice touches like recycling in the rooms; you like European style hotels with no lobbies but breakfast included; you like contemporary but minimal decor; you want to be close to Union Square in an affordable hotel.Don't stay here if...you like big hotel rooms and lots of amenties (it's pretty basic); you want outstanding service.On to the pros. The rooms are nicely decorated, obviously new and the beds are extremely comfortable. For a tourist level hotel, it was a pleasure to have turndown service available and they did not scrimp on amenities (shampoo, etc) like lots of the big chains do. Everything was spotless and the bathroom was spacious enough. The included breakfast was basic (think European continental - cereals, fruit, breads, meat and cheese, yogurt and coffee), although you could splurge and pay extra for a full &quot;american&quot; breakfast. In a city with relatively expensive dining options for breakfast, particularly nearby in Union Square, the breakfast was a nice touch.The hotel is really central if you want to visit Union Square or Chinatown, and is close to the California Street cable car line. There are lots of close restaurants, and the hotel is happy to give a recommendation (I followed one - the french restaurant across the street, and was happy with it). The cons....the rooms are a tad small and there was nowhere to put our suitcase because the closet was too small. The &quot;roof deck&quot; is not anything special - it's just a few tables on a 10th floor roof - not really a great view to boot. The exercise room is clean, but basic. They boast their LEED rating, but if this is really important to you, please note that they actually scored really low. The worst part had to be the front desk service, however. When I checked in, the front desk person seemed to have ADD as he kept picking up the phone and engaging his co-workers rather than focusing on the task of checking me in. As a result, it took an inordinately long time. No one could tell me what the $10 &quot;special breakfast&quot; for the Nike marathon participants was....why wouldn't I just take extras off the buffet the day before and store in my fridge for free? Upon checking out, the front desk person was totally unable to figure out using a different credit card than the room was reserved with, and as a result my mother and I had the pleasure of EACH being charged with our stay. It took a few e-mails and a phone call to fix that mess. Stay here if you are looking for a new, tourist class hotel that is relatively affordable. Don't stay here if you need special requests or are expecting anything from the front desk staff.	
Nov 15 2008 	Loved this place	Got a great last minute rate but I probably would have been happy paying the standard rate too. Very attractive, super comfy rooms, excellent staff - friendly, very helpful, got a great recommendation for dinner nearby. Also a terrific location, just down the street from the Chinatown gate.	
Nov 10 2008 	good location service okay	We decided to stay here based off of reviews on tripadvisor. The green factor is nice if it is important to you to stay in a green hotel. The rooms were decent sized for a city hotel. the bathrooms were actually decent sized also. The shower pressure was a little on the low side, then again going along with the green theme they were water-saving shower heads. the location is very central and we did get a good deal on orbitz at under $200/night including taxes but we were staying in early novemberTwo annoyances and they were pretty minor but both in service. the first night we tried to do a pay per view movie and it took about 45 minutes for them to figure out that it wasn't working. I don't think the staff even knew if the system was down or not they just thought it wasn't working. It took several phone calls and two visits from the staff downstairs and in the end it still didn't work. The next evening we were told by the front desk that their system was down and they apologized again. It was kind of annoying that if the whole hotel's pay per view movies were down - and no one working that night knew. It seems that someone ought to know as opposed to taking an hour to figure it out - we definitely would have made some other plans.Also, we used the valet service and had an early flight. Since they said there was a closing time on the valet (2AM) we figured there was an opening time and wanted to make sure we'd be able to get our car at 630AM in the morning. so we called downstairs to find out and again took about an hour to confirm we'd be able to get our car out in the AM.Again these things weren't huge but it just made the staff seem uninformed regarding a few basics about services at the hotel.	
Nov 6 2008 	Nothing special	The hotel is right next to the entrance of China town, which is nice if you wish to shop and ear there. It's a long way from the bay. Upon checking in we asked if our room had a view of the town and were told no and there was nothing they could do. When we got to the room there was only a view of another building and some a/c units. The room was small and there was no space in the bathroom. The TV is old and the bed is nothing special. We did not see the &quot;green&quot; factor. If you think you can tell the difference between a &quot;green&quot; hotel and any other hotel, think again. Over all the room is comparable to any Holiday Inn. The lobby, however, is very nice. The staff was friendly, but not helpful. The internet room has two computers and was busy every time I went down to check email. Only book if you will only be stumbling into the hotel at a late hour and leaving early in the morning.	
Nov 4 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Very comfortable hotel in an excellent location. Great beds, modern decor, delicious breakfast, and good value too!	
Nov 3 2008 	No Honeymooners allowed!!!	After reading so many fantastic reviews about the Orchard Garden Hotel, my husband and I decided to stay there on our honeymoon. With a cost of $400 per night for the terrace suite (thats WITH a discount of $100 per night), we were excited to see what our splurge afforded us. Upon walking into the hotel, I was like.this is it? The entrance is neither grand nor inviting. My husband inquired about the morning breakfast and the staff suggested we eat somewhere else because the food was overpriced and not really all that good. Our terrace suite was utterly disappointing. The room is tiny. The balcony is shared with the room next door. The bathroom is large with separate shower and tub but the towel rack and soap dish both fell apart. The batteries were dead in the remote and even after informing the front desk, none were sent up. We had originally booked to stay for four nights, but after a few hours, we decided to change hotels for the remainder of our stay. We spoke with a gentleman at the front desk and he had no reaction to our concerns or our wanting to cancel our reservations. In fact, he even suggested that we stay at the hotel across the street where he used to work. For our honeymoonANY honeymoon or romantic weekend, I would say definitely find a different hotel. However, I think this would be a nice hotel to stay in on a business trip. The bed was comfortable. The bathroom shower products were lovely. We loved the robes although Im not sure if they have them in every room. Very peaceful but not at all romantic.	
Nov 1 2008 	Very nice	Oct 31,2008CanadaWe chose this hotel because of the trip advisor's reviews so,wefeel that we have to give our opinion. The room was smaller than we expected but the bathroom was spacious.Everything is new so in very good condition. Very clean,also. It is true that the beds are very comfortable. We have the same opinion as Cadaquest12 regarding the green policy. Location is perfect.The service is definitely outstanding. Everyone answers your questions and go out of their way to please you.Their recommandations were all good. We feel that we paid too much when we read the price the others have paid. We paid $349.00+tax 49.00 (no breakfast) for a room with 2 beds ,no view.Very quiet room as we requested.We stayed 3 nights on oct 16 and we would recommand it to other people if they can get a better deal.	
Oct 31 2008	Loved the Orchard Garden Hotel	We spent three enjoyable days in this hotel by default. We were travelling with 5 other friends and noticed 5 days before departure that we had booked another hotel to the one our friends were staying in. Having trawled the web we liked the look of Orchard Garden and its location. It is on Bush Street which is central(beside chinatown gate) and within a short ride of everything. It is san fran's first eco hotel(visit website).A warm welcome met us on arrival and our room (double) while a bit on the small side was perfectly formed. Extremely comfortable bed with crispy bedlinen, free Wifi, flat screen TV. Marble bathroom with good lighting and toiletries. Buffet breakfast was included in our deal,juices,breads, fruit, cheese, cold meat,excellent. Breakfast menu available at an extra cost.Staff discreet and polite.Overall this was a very positive experience for us. We felt safe and cared for. 300$/night B&amp;B	
Oct 30 2008	Quiet Clean and Oh So Comfy!	If you're looking for a nice, clean quiet hotel in the midst of the hustle in San Francisco this is it. Comfortable beds and pillows and a friendly, helpful staff completed a perfect 4 night stay. Will gladly stay when I visit again. Within walking distance of BART and street cars. Extremely pleased with my well researched choice and it's even better knowing that I chose enviromentally conscious accomodations.	
Oct 23 2008	Recommended!	Excellent service, nice rooms (well equipped, attractive and very clean) and top location right by the gates of Chinatown and the financial district combine to make this a top choice for business or pleasure. (Well OK then - probably more likely to appeal to business travellers, given that it's not cheap for a 3-4 star hotel. Parking at 40 bucks a night also soon adds up, although that's the case pretty much anywhere downtown.) The 'greennness' is an additional nice touch.	
Oct 11 2008 	Lovely room fantastic location	My husband and I stayed for two nights at the beginning of October. We paid $250 per night including tax for a standard king room excluding breakfast through the hotel's website. This was the most we paid for a room on our two week holiday, but I gather hotel prices are much higher than average in San Francisco anyway. I'm glad we stayed there as the hotel was lovely, the room was well appointed. Smaller than average but not too small for us. The staff at reception and on the door were very friendly and helpful. Actually, all staff in the hotel including cleaning staff, mini-bar staff and everyone we passed in the building were particularly friendly.The hotel is in a fantastic location, just a 5 minute walk to Union Square, close (maybe 5-10 min walk) to the BART (which takes you to the airport for $5.35) and metro and close to shops and china town.I had read reviews that the rooms can be noisy so we had requested a quiet room. I was very surprised that the hotel had actually remembered my request, especially as I had booked through the website, but they gave us a quiet room (301). Because it didn't face the street the view wasn't great (just a view of a car park at the back!) but this didn't bother us at all - would much rather have a good night's sleep.Don't even think about having a car here though as the one-way streets and parking are an absolute nightmare! We hired a car for our two week holiday but gave it back when we got to San Francisco (but drove into San Francisco via the Golden Gate Bridge and took a look at Golden Gate park and Ocean Beach before going into the city centre as it's not as easy to get out here on foot or by public transport as it is to get around the city centre of course). The city centre is very easy to get around by foot and buses - particularly Union Square, the Marina, Cow Hollow, Fisherman's Wharf, Financial District, Chinatown, etc..The bus network is excellent and cheap ($1.50); your hotel can give you a map showing all bus routes.As our room rate didn't include breakfast we ate out for breakfast; once at Home Plate in Cow Hollow (lovely family-run type place, great value - food was ok) and once at Cafe De La Presse opposite the Orchard Garden Hotel (fantastic food but a little pricey).I'd definitely stay here again. I would recommend it if you are looking for comfort and convenience but not if you are looking for a cheaper option. You might be able to find something cheaper further away if you just want somewhere to lay your head.	
Oct 10 2008 	FANTASTIC! Can't wait to return to the Orchard Garden 	We LOVED this hotel. Very pleasant employees were always helpful and the room was amazing. The location was ideal - easy to walk to anything, including muni transport to everywhere we needed to get to. We discussed a return to San Francisco and we can't imagine staying anywhere else.High speed internet was very fast and easy to connect to. The room was spacious and bed was incredibly comfortable. The bathroom was roomy and the bathrobes were a fantastic addition. We got an interior room, so the view wasn't amazing, but we didn't care - the room was, one of the best we've ever stayed in.	
Oct 9 2008	Fabulous stay in San Francisco	First off location - can't beat it. Two blocks from Union Square, slap bang next to China Town, two blocks from the Powell Street cable car and a leisurely walk to the Ferry Building or Fisherman's Wharf via Colombus Av.The rooms are not huge, but perfectly fine for a couple - we stayed five nights and it was good for us. Everything is relatively new, nice king-sized beds, super fresh, crisp, linens. Flat screen TV and DVD player, fridge, minibar, wardrobe and a really clever sliding door to the bathroom which mean't you got lots of room in there to play with.We loved the toiletries which were refreshed everyday. Plus the turndown service in the evening where we got fresh coffee for the machine.This isn't a hotel with a view, but we got a good, quiet room up on the 8th floor which we slept so well in. Other reviews of hotels in SF have complained about noise from sirens etc but this hotel was quiet as a mouse. We didn't even have any early morning wake-up calls from the housekeeping staff like we have at other hotels.The staff on the front desk were extremely helpful. Directions, advice about visiting things, recommendation for late night take aways - whoever you asked, they were very knowledgable. We didn't try the restaurant but it was surprisingly busy at lunchtime with local business people and the smells wafting from it in the evening were delicious. We stayed here during an eight month trip around the world and having stayed at a number of Hyatt's, Sheratons, Holiday Inns etc it was refreshing to stay somewhere independent, small-ish and with people who actually treat you as an individual and not a credit card walking through the door. I would highly recommend this to anyone staying in SF. We got a decent rate through expedia - it's not cheap but compared to many other hotels in SF in was good value. The free wi-fi was also excellent, fast and never went down throughout our stay.	
Oct 5 2008	Loved the Orchard Garden Hotel	We loved our stay at the Orchard Garden. The location is wonderful -- next to the Chinatown Gate, close to Union Square and in the middle of fabulous restaurants. The Orchard Garden has a nice restaurant with very good food, also. The rooms aren't huge, but they are new and large enough for two people. The bathrooms are very nice. The beds were very comfortable.	
Oct 1 2008 	Very nice	Great location, just a few doors down from Chinatown entrance and a short walk to Union Square. Nice and quiet rooms, very comfortable beds, nice furniture and appliances. Tea/coffee maker included. Staff was very friendly and relaxed. Great price for what you're getting! Would return!	
Oct 1 2008 	Very nice but nothing unique	This is a nice, clean hotel in a great location. The beds are also the comfiest you could ask for. For us these are among the most important attributes of the hotel - so in this regard the hotel was great.But there were a few things that it could do better. Firstly it brags about its green policy. The only sign of this we saw that was that little bit different was that it has rescycling bins for paper, plastic and trash in all rooms. It boasts about how it saves energy because it uses room cards that shut off most electrical appliances when you go out - but don't a lot of modern hotels? I jokingly mentioned this to the front desk staff and they laughed and agreed. The front desk staff, by the way, were by in large excellent.Sadly the same can not be said of the waiters at breakfast. One in particyalr was downright rude. The other, however, was delightful.Breakfast is way overpriced - one day they ran out of wholemeal bread and at $18 a day I thought this was poor. To be fair, however, front desk did send the miserable waiter out to get some.The rooms are clean, quietish and have some modern items such as ipod docking stations, plasma tvs and a good shower. All in all it was a nice hotel near the centre of san fran and very close to the BART, cable cars, main bus stops, shops and theatres. If I am honest the comfiness of the bed was worth the cost ($269) alone - bliss!Also worth noting is this is right next to Chinatown and some good restaurants.The hotel also has a nice 0if smallish) roof terrace.The lifts were also very clean and very fast! We were on the 8th floor and they took seconds.	
Sep 30 2008 	Excellent value and very nice hotel	We liked the Orchard Garden a lot and thought it was a great value in the city. Stayed at the Orchard, their sister hotel, a few years ago and liked it also but I think we like the OG better - location seemed more convenient. BART station &amp; Market St transportation an easy walk away. The entire staff was very friendly and helpful - in fact outstanding. The room was comfortable and everything was spotless. They sold out of the room category we booked and gave us a complimentary upgrade to a suite. The suite wasn't overly large but did have a nice sitting area - so not sure what the size of standard rooms are. The rooftop garden looked quite pleasant and they encourage people to visit it and take a drink or food up there if they wish to. The breakfast buffet in the hotel was okay but not outstanding. We had drinks in the bar during happy hour and complimentary appetizers which were actually quite tasty. The drinks are expensive but with the appetizers, overall it was fine - we were interested in a light dinner and as it turned out we didn't need to go out anywhere to eat after that. All in all, we were very glad that we stayed here and would do so again.	
Sep 18 2008 	Fruitful stay at the Orchard Gardne	The Orchard Garden did look as good as the photos on it's website!! Sometimes you arrive and the hotel looks completely different from what you thought you had booked.The rooms were clean and tidy, very spacious, I liked the quirky sliding doors for the bathrooms, which as the room was spacious too. The view from the room was of the building next door, but as I booked the hotel early through Expedia at a discounted rate, that is probably why. This didn't bother us as we were more interested in getting out and about in San Francisco. I also liked the green approach that the hotel had, there were different sections in the bin for paper and plastics, we always recycle at home, why not when on holiday.The staff were all very friendly, greeting you as you came and left the hotel, offering maps and advice on what to see and getting around. There is free wi-fi, which was available in the lobby area. We visited the roof garden but it was getting quite late at night so didn't stay up there too long.The location is great, on the doorstep from China Town and only a few blocks from Union square and the main shopping area. It is a bit of a trek to the Fisherman's Wharf area, if you don't fancy the walk, you can get a muni pass that allows you to use the old fashioned trams (which is a must) and the buses that are frequent but do get busy.The main reason I booked this hotel was from the other reviews I read on this website. Thanks TripAdvisor for good honest advice	
Sep 6 2008 	Just Average	I wasn't overly impressed with the Orchard Garden Hotel. They are at a good location and I think it's great that they are all about GREEN. To save energy, the room lights only turn on when you put your room key card in a slot - cool idea. They have recyling bins in the room. I didn't like the bathroom sliding door. It wasn't a door that sealed shut (it's like a panel that slides in front of the open space where a door would be) so it didn't feel completely private. One of the front desk guys was not particularly friendly. The &quot;business center&quot; was a very small room with 2 computers and a printer that didn't print. The lobby has 2 small couches and not a lot of space to hang out. Ice machines are on every other floor and no signs pointing you to where they are so I had to roam the halls. My mom was in another room and had a couple of items taken (face cremes) when the room was cleaned. This place was no big deal and somewhat disappointing.	
Sep 3 2008 	Wonderful find in great location!	The Orchard Garden is a great eco-friendly hotel! I spent four nights there at the end of august for a relaxing getaway. We had the basic standard room which was a little small and not the best view in the world but everything else about the hotel made up for it! The bed was spectacularly comfortable and the staff was more than willing to help us with any questions we had. The rooftop terrace was great and had an amazing view of the city. We took the BART in from the airport and walked a few blocks to the hotel which was easy to find. Perfect location near Union Square and right next to Chinatown. We either walked everywhere or took the cable car to the Fisherman's Warf. The tour we went on to Napa and Sonoma Valley was great and they picked us up from the hotel. The restaurant 'Roots' has an organic selection of food that was great and the bar's happy hour was great as well! I read about the French cafe across the street on Trip Advisor and gave it a try-it was nice to sit outside and poeple watch. I will definately stay there again on my next trip!	
Sep 2 2008 	Wonderful Stay	My husband and I stayed here as the last part of our Honeymoon in California. I saw that it was a &quot;green&quot; hotel and thought that was really cool so I booked two nights there. We arrived and were greeted by the front desk staff. We arrived a few hours before check-in but they had no problem finding us a room that was ready. The rooms are a little small but are very nicely decorated. The lights and AC are controlled by your keycard. Right next to the door is a slot you put your keycard in and it turns on the lights and AC in the room. When you leave, take the keycard out and it goes off. How clever is that! :)We got a king suite facing the street. I'm a pretty light sleeper and I was not bothered by the noise from the street. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was pretty big. The breakfast in the morning was decent. Pastries, crossiants, and fruit mostly. No eggs or potatoes. Breakfast is included if you bought it with your room. If you didn't include in your room price it is $14 dollars and is definitely not worth the money. The hotel is convinient to chinatown and union square.	
Sep 1 2008 	Worth checking out....... very pleasant stay	We four, parents and two older teens enjoyed a wonderful stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel recently. Two attractions led us there. One, we stayed at the Orchard Hotel up the street, which is it's 'parent hotel', several years ago which was rated #1 at the time on tripadvisor and two, the Orchard Garden claimed to be the first 'green' hotel in California. For me, that counts and being an architect, I was curious to find out how this was achieved. Also, with the popularity of the Orchard and the time that has passed since we were last there, the rates at the Orchard were somewhat higher than at this new hotel.First, the location. It's close to the parent hotel, being on Bush St. and literally two doors down from the Chinatown Gate on Grant. That puts the hotel about 2 1/2 blocks from Union Square. Having stayed at a few hotels in the area, I would have to say this is a particularly good location as it is quiet being away from the tourist madness and cable cars of Powell St. yet close enough to find good places to eat and of course shop. Plus the street front itself is not congested with tourists.The hotel itself is quite tastefully done with interiors designed in a contemporary style with light coloured wood panelling and flooring. It was very clean throughout. The Ground Floor has the reception area, business centre (two computers), a small windowless exercise room with 3 machines, elevator lobby (2 elevators), but is largely occupied by the Roots restaurant which is also where the complimentary breakfast buffet is served (more on that later). We arrived early and staff were more than happy to check our luggage and called us when the room was ready. They provide to the room the SF Chronicle and at the front desk, the Wall St. Journal.We landed the top, 10th floor with a view down to Grant Street and adjacent towers, but not much else. The room however was very nice, but not large by any means. Again in light coloured finishes, there was a useful, long built-in shelf along the flat screen TV wall which also incorporated several drawers and the mini bar. The TV selection also included high def channels. Internet connection is wireless and free. There were two queen beds with nice bedding and appointments. There was also enough room for an armchair. The bathroom was quite nice, using a space saving sliding door, and was adequately lit. Toiletries included Aveda shampoo and Thymes conditioners and lotions which come in biodegradeable containers. Towels were nice cotton towels, but I thought should have been bamboo if &quot;green&quot; was the intent. All in all, a very comfortable room, but maybe not quite as well appointed as the rooms in it's parent, the Orchard Hotel. The 'green' aspects of the hotel don't jump out at you and perhaps that's how it should be. However other than sourcing building materials from the region, using some recycled materials and minimizing landfill debris, there are few unique aspects of the hotel that make it green. It's no Federal Building, a new very green building near Civic Centre, but then hotels don't really lend themselves well to being truely green without spending alot of money on which it would be very difficult to realize a profitable return. And as it turns out, on the LEED scale of rating green buildings, it just barely qualifies.Finally, the complimentary breakfast. Nothing to write home about and perhaps for me the least impressive/most disappointing 'feature' of the hotel. While the fare was certainly adequate, the choice, variety and inventiveness was quite pedestrian, especially given the effort made to make this a sustainable hotel I would have expected the breakfast to be more interesting. There's the regular juices and coffee. One selection of cold cut (ham) and sliced cheese, some fresh fruit, usually watermelon and cantaloupe, baked goods like bagels, sliced bread, small muffins and I think small croissants, although they were akin to those you might find in a supermarket. Cereal and hard boiled eggs pretty much rounded it out. The plates provided were rather small, perhaps limiting the take one might have. It was pretty much the same every day during our 4 days there. We did not have dinner here.Perhaps I'm dwelling too much on the breakfast and it is certainly not a deal breaker for this hotel. We had a very enjoyable stay here and would definitely recommend anyone to seriously consider the Orchard Garden. We would definitely come back here, but not because it's 'green'.	
Aug 31 2008 	Decent Hotel; Great Location	I thought this was an above average hotel in a fantastic location.Room: Modern, clean, very comfortable and quiet rooms. They are slightly small but this is typical for hotels I have stayed in in SF. The discreet in-room recycling bins were a nice touch.Hotel Facilities: Not much. There is a very small fitness room and 'business centre'. We didn't use the restaurant - there are excellent dinning options very near by. The staff were helpful. Location: Great location near Union Square and Chinatown. SF is a very easy city to explore - tip: buy a MUNI pass and use it hop on and off the regular busses and the cable cars, too!	
Aug 25 2008 	Not as "WOW" as I expected	Ok - so I had just traveled rom the UK, driven from the airport and was tired. From previous reviews I was expecting to be blown away but It was OK. Room was abit on the small side, recptio area uninspiring and staff a little distant. Views fro shared balcony disappointing. Location great for Chinatown. Dining area empty early evening so uninviting. Not sure about the green credentials - did not seem much better than your average hotel.	
Aug 25 2008 	Relax in the Orchard	Ideal place for stay with 2 teenagers -after 3 weeks touring it was good to sink into the room comforts of the Orchard. It is in walking distance of shops,good places to eat and site seeing.We all found the area safe to be in and loved being so near to the bustle of the city centre,trams and China Town. Great to return to the peace of the hotel . It lived up to expectations and was exactly as described. My two appreciated free online access and the gym. I would have appreciated some snack/drink complimentaries for them along with the tea/coffee rather than keeping them away from the mini bar priced goodies! (They had enjoyed a great menu of complimentaries during our stay at hotel in Hollywood and felt this would have put the Orchard up in their rating of the top city places we had stayed -as such it took second place!)Front of line staff always willing and helpful.Would definitely recommend and return.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great room nice staff	Expensive but very nice. Location near Chinatown, Downtown, and cable cars was terrific. Room was clean and attractive, and the beds were really comfortable. Staff at front desk was very friendly and helpful (for example, on restaurant recommendations). Breakfast was good but not cheap.	
Aug 18 2008 	First Class	We spent 3 nights at Orchard Garden. Classy hotel, lovely room. Extremely convenient location.Staff are wonderful, very efficient and helpful. Offered lots of tips about places to visit - in San Francisco and nearby.Can't comment re the food as we didn't eat in.	
Aug 17 2008 	Good location friendly staff	The hotel was excellent at booking in guaranteeing adjoining rooms for us and our children. Everywhere else we had been on our two week road trip we were simply offered &quot;best efforts&quot; which really doesn't suffice with three children.We found the hotel well located for our requirements. Walking is easy (once you get used to the hills!) and taxis were well priced. The rooms were spacious and comfortable. There are DVD players in the rooms and a small library at the Front Desk so it was good to watch &quot;Escape from Alcatraz&quot; with the children!The staff at the front desk were friendly and helpful. If you use the valet parking it's quite expensive and it took about 30 minutes for our car to arrive when we left - so you may find it better to abandon your car before you come into the City.We didn't eat or drink in the hotel - it looked pleasant enough but we chose to take in variety elsewhere.	
Aug 16 2008 	Great stay	We enjoyed our two-night stay at the Orchard Garden. Our room was large and quiet. All the amenities were perfect, and we liked the fact that it was a green hotel. The breakfast was a special treat. Billed as a European-style breakfast, it includes cereals, breads, fruits, meats, cheeses, and hard-boiled eggs--just what we needed to start our day. We would stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 13 2008 	Go Green	If you are looking for a clean, comfortable, &quot;green&quot; hotel in a great location, this is the place for you. It is right around the corner from China Town and a short walk from Union Square. The beds were so comfortable, I did not want to get up in the morning. If you need ice, check the 7th floor in a closet. =) I found out the hard way.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great all round experience	I agonized over which hotel to choose for our 10 year anniversary. I finally decided on the Orchard Garden and I don't regret my decision at all. The hotel gets a thumbs up for:* Very clean, well appointed room.* Extremely helpful staff* Great location (close to Union square, Chinatown and North Beach).* It really is a very green hotel. Not just made up stuff to market themselves as green.My only very minor complaints are:* The wireless internet connection was terrible in my room. I had to resort to a wired connection, which worked fine.* While the room was incredibly quiet, I felt like the other room doors banged a little loud at night. It would be great if they could install some kind of quiet close device. Please don't let this put you off. I'm a bit picky about noise issues and the room was very quiet.* The rooms are a touch narrow. This didn't bother me at all, but it might bother some people.The continental breakfast was good, but I wouldn't recommend getting it as part of your room rate. I got a little tired of the continental breakfast after 3 or 4 days, but I didn't want to pay full price for the cooked breakfast when I already had the free continental breakfast. You can always pay for the continental breakfast if you want it and you're not really getting any discount by including it in your room rate.	
Aug 5 2008 	Amazingly comfortable bed	Spacious and Quiet! I was in SF for business and was relieved to have such a pleasant place to rest my head. I had a room facing Bush st. and never heard any noise for the 6 nites I was there. The mattress is amazingly comfortable. The fact that this is a eco-friendly hotel makes high marks too. The location is great for exploring Chinatown. The staff is very friendly and accomodating. The only suggestion I would have for them is to offer more TV channels.	
Aug 3 2008	Great boutique hotel	Good value in San Francisco.We enjoyed our fournight stay at the Orchard Garden, it's one of the first&quot;green&quot; hotels in the United States. The room wasspacious, clean and quiet, even though our room was on the second floor facing the street. The staff was veryfriendly and helpful. The hotel is located near theChinatown Gate and within a few blocks from UnionSquare and the Cable Car line which provides transportation to nearly all tourist venues.If possible, leave your car athome, otherwise plan on spending $50 or more on parking per day.	
Jul 29 2008	Orchard Garden Hotel San Francisco	I stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel, San Francisco from 12 - 15th July 2008. We found the hotel to be excellent. The service was great, the hotel was very clean, very quiet and had free internet access in their business centre. The bed and pillows were very comfortable and the staff were all very polite.The hotel, built in 2006, is the first hotel in America to use the room key to turn on the electricity in the room therefore saving electricity when you leave the room because you take the room key with you! We found this a bit funny because we've been using this technology in Australia for at least 25 years.It is just at the bottom of China Town and very close to the trolley cars, but it is also only a few blocks from the centre of town where you could catch all different types of public transport. We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant beacause there were so many other places to eat, so can't comment on their food.	
Jul 24 2008	Good value in great location	Really nice, smallish hotel in great location right near China Town gate! Nice rooms, very clean, modern bright decor. Very friendly &amp; helpful staff. Added bonus - ecologically friendly, a real green hotel!! Frances, Israel	
Jul 22 2008	Great Green Hotel	We spent the last night of our vacation in California at the Orchard Garden Hotel in San Francisco. The hotel is considered Eco-friendly and not only are sustainable materials used throughout but also various containers for recycling paper, and plastic are located in the room. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. The front desk was efficient. We had a cocktail in the lounge at Roots and the bartender was also very friendly. The doorman was so determined to make sure we got a Taxi to get us to dinner on time that he went down the street to hail one during rush hour. The room was clean, bright and quiet. We would definitely stay there again on the next trip into the city.	
Jul 21 2008 	WOW! A good experience	Stayed at Orchard Garden, Bush Street, for two nights in July 2008.Following comments from some Trip Advisor members, we requested high rooms at back of hotel to avoid street noise. The hotel allocated 1001 and 1002 which are the highest and rearmost rooms available. These were amazingly quiet! The rooms were very high quality and matched our requirements exactly. This was the only hotel out of six in North America that let us re-use our towels (many hotels have signs in the bathrooms that suggest you should re-use the towels to save the environment - this was the only one that didn't change the towels even though we hung them on the towel rail in every hotel expecting to reuse them).We used the hotel restaurant for breakfasts and were pleasantly surprised by quality of breakfast. Hotel is a resonably easy walk up from BART Montgomery Street station, so transfer to/from airport was comparatively easy using public transport. I walked to the tourist trap areas of Cannery Row and Pier 39 in 20 minutes from the hotel; Market Street is about 5 minutes.Would I stay again - yes!	
Jul 8 2008 	Very Comfortable stay - ideally located	Chose the Orchard Garden (after reading reviews on Trip Advisor) for a recent trip to SF. Excellent location, no road noise (we were on the ninth floor) and although the view wasn't great we were impressed with the cleanliness, helpful staff and reasonable breakfast. The Alamo / national car rental garage is easily within walking distance on Bush St.Would definitely stay here again and recommend it to friends / family.Also recommend Sears for food! (just off Union Square)	
Jul 6 2008 	Very nice hotel well located	Veru nice hotel and well located. People were very friendly and helpful. Price is very reasonnable knowing it is down town San Francisco. I would recommend staying in this place, plus it is also environmental friendly. A Drink at the terrasse is also much recommended.	
Jul 5 2008 	Perfect hotel - the best!	Clean, beautiful, classy. In San Francisco, a great deal too. We paid $204 per night (AAA) excluding tax, for a room with 2 double beds. Non-smoking, eco-friendly, CLEAN, small rooms (but typical size for the city). We had a 2nd floor room on the Bush Street side, and I cannot believe how quiet it was - almost weird how sound-proof the windows were. Very comfortable beds too. Be sure to grab Starbucks (across the street, on both corners) and take it to the roof-top garden in the morning. Visit the bar in the hotel restaurant (Roots) and have a fantastic free appetizer (garlic fries) during happy hour (4:30-7:00 p.m.). Avoid the pseudo-french cafe directly across the street though - $$$, so-so food, and poor service.Close to Chinatown, Union Square, North Beach, cable cars, BART, Embarcadero, etc. We ate in North Beach every night (walked) and had outstanding meals (try Franchino's) and really great gelato. The walk to North Beach from the Orchard is about 15-20 minutes (Bush to Kearney to Columbus) or about a $5 cab fare.Recommend the evening tour of Alcatraz too - even if you've been on the standard day tour, check out the evening version...special presentations, less crowded, city lights - it's awesome! HornBlower on Pier 33 is the only way to go ($30 per ticket) - and about $6 cab fare.Walk the Bay Area Ridge Trail through the Presidio (free). A great urban trail that winds through forested and historic sections of the park, and culminates with amazing ocean views from the battery bluffs, and a trip across the Golden Gate bridge. Total out-and-back round trip from the Arguello Gate, including across the bridge is about 8 miles, so plan on a 4 hour walk if your fit...and if you're not fit, go anyway. Cab fare from the Orchard to the Arguello Gate is about $8.The Orchard Garden staff is extremely polite, friendly, and helpful. If you need a cab, directions, or anything at all, they'll help. We're a very discerning family, and my travel goal is to find the cleanest places at the best prices - so I don't just throw praise around casually. You won't be disappointed here unless you want to stay where you smell churros from Pier 39 all night.	
Jul 3 2008 	Loved the Orchard Garden Hotel	Everything about my stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel was perfect. I arrived for business with an associate of mine. Upon pulling up in the car, we were greeted by a doorman, who took our luggage and the keys. The front desk was fast and efficient. The helpful bellman had our bags to our rooms in a jif. After going out for dinner, I met a couple friends in the bar at Roots for a cocktail. The bartender was very friendly. He helpfully answered all of our questions about the city. My bed was extremely comfortable and the mattress was excellent. I got a great night's sleep. I also love the fact that the hotel is green and that they do whatever it takes to save energy and conserve water. I had the experience of dining at Roots for lunch the following day. The organic restaurant is excellent. I had a grilled cheese with tomato soup - yummy, yummy. I will definitely stay at the Orchard Garden on my next trip to the city and highly recommend it's convenient location.	
Jul 3 2008	Jewel of a Hotel in the center of everything.	The Orchard Garden is a small hotel with a clean decor that leans more towards modern, but a traditionalist would still feel comfortable in. It is a perfect location. You can even take Bart from the airport and ride to the Montgommery Station, walk 4 blocks and you're there. An oasis awaits. Enjoy!	
Jun 30 2008 	Great Hotel	What a great find!!! We took our first trip to SF over spring break and loved the hotel. The staff is incredibly helpful, the rooms are small but very nice, and I love the idea of a &quot;green&quot; hotel. The rooms even have guides of environmentally friendly shops and restaurants along with recycling bins. Its also in a great location as its right next to Chinatown and a 5-10 min walk to a ton of great restaurants and shops.	
Jun 19 2008 	3 days in SF	We spent 3 nights in the hotel and it was excellent.The staff is friendly, the rooms are well decorated and the location is fabulous - right next to Chinatown and Union square.Two small things that can be improved:1. There was not enough storage space in our room so most of our stuff had to remain in our luggage.2. There are not enough towel hangers in our bathroom.	
Jun 18 2008 	Loved the Orchard Garden Hotel	Wonderful boutique hotel right in the heart of San Francisco. Close to Union Square, Chinatown, trolley cars. Staff is top notch. Rooms were tastefully appointed (nice having an iPod dock) and a large bathroom! Look forward to our next visit.	
Jun 11 2008 	Very Pleasant Stay!	My niece and I shared a great corner room at the Orchard Garden Hotel for four nights. The room was spacious, clean and had great comfortable beds! We really enjoyed the spa-like feel - it was a joy to come back to our room at the end of our busy day. Perfect location for sightseeing, shopping, and dining - close to Union Square, next door to China Town gates, easy to grab public transportation. The staff was friendly and very helpful. We enjoyed dining at the french bistro across the street - Cafe de la Presse. Impressed by the hotel's &quot;green' policies and practices. Also, I booked a great rate - felt like I really got more than my money's worth. The rooftop terrace is nice - but the weather was a little too chilly! I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Green Hotel	Clean, clean, clean!!! For the money in San Fran, you can't beat this place, plus they are environmentally friendly! We will definitely be back when we return! Right next to China Town and across from an amazing French restaurant with great lunches and croissants for the am! The staff were amazing and the bed so comfy. Room is small but do not write this place off because of that. This place was cleaner than some 4 and 5 star places I have been to. $38/day for parking (normal for SF) but they valet it for you and will get your car as many times as you need in 15-20 minutes, no problem! No other hidden fees like some other places we've been to.	
Jun 7 2008 	Great hotel in a great location	We just returned from from our stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel in San Francisco. The hotel is in a great location, in walking distance to everything. The hotel was very clean (felt like brand new), very quiet, the beds were very comfortable with down comforters and the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. We would definitely return. We also liked the French cafe across the street for breakfast or for the afternoon snack.	
Jun 2 2008	Fantastic!	Apart from the check-in mix up (we were sent to the wrong room - someone was still staying there!), we had a wonderful time!The hotel was located close to Union Square (it was closer the Orchard Hotel). The staff was polite, helpful and wonderful (they even let us borrowed their staff microwave). Not to mention they provided free internet service (they got WiFi too but bringing a laptop to the States was such a hassle). The room was clean and tidy.What more do you want?	
May 29 2008	Would Definitely Stay Here Again!	The Orchard Garden Hotel was perfect for our stay (just two of us - getaway from the kids for a weekend.) The location was great - gateway to Chinatown, walking distance to Embarcadero and Ferry Building, SOMA and Union Square. Cafe De La Presse right across the street for nice breakfast and the best lattes. Rooms were small, but wonderfully clean and neat. Bathroom was almost as big as the bedroom, but it was nice to have a separate shower and bathtub (we stayed in a Jr. Suite.) It was nice to see they had trash &amp; paper recycling. Bed was very comfortable with crisp, white sheets. All the staff we talked to were pleasant and professional. I would definitely stay here again!	
May 27 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and had a wonderful time. The staff was so accommodating and friendly, no matter how small the request. The beds were HEAVEN, and the linens divine. The breakfast buffet served downstairs in the morning was very good too. And we never heard anything from any other rooms near us. Very quiet once you're in your room. And make sure to check out the roof top area. It offers a great view of the city and is a romantic place to hang out with a bottle of wine.The location was great - very central to all the 'tourist sites'. The entrance to China Town is literally around the corner where there are a few really good Chinese food restaurants to eat. Yum.There also was a GREAT bar across the street called &quot;The Irish Bank Bar&quot; on Mark Lane. The music was great and the drinks were killer. So if you're looking for a relaxed place to have a drink or two, you have to check that place out.	
May 27 2008 	One of my favorite hotels ever!	The minimalist attitude of the hotel design is comfortable and relaxing after a busy day walking the streets of San Francisco. The flat screen tv, eco-friendly amenities and comfortable bed were a great respite in a busy city. Their restaurant has wonderful food all with a sustainable bent. The atmosphere was calm and relaxing at the gates to China Town. The only negative was that I could hear the garbage truck during the night, but I wouldn't have traded me view even with the noise.	
May 26 2008	Fantastic hotel; great location and price	Great hotel in a safe and convenient location in SF. The cable car lines are only a couple blocks' walk. The hotel itself is quite new and all the rooms are bright and airy. The hotel staff is pleasant and the price is right on Priceline (under $200 with name your own price). Bathroom is excellent. Overall highly recommended.	
May 25 2008 	Great bed at the Orchard	The Orchard hotel has a great location right next to the China Town gate, yet out room was very quiet.The bed was the best we have ever experienced in a hotel and the facitilies in our room cover all you would need for an enjoyable stay.	
May 24 2008 	Loved the Orchard Garden Hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights recently and absolutely loved everything about this hotel. The location is fantastic. It is within walking distance of Union Square, cablecars, Embarcadero and Chinatown is virtually at the doorstep. The beds are extremely comfortable. The best bed I have experienced in a hotel. I loved the decor and the colours used in the rooms it is contemporary but also very homely. We enjoyed coming back to our room every night! The room was very quiet, no city noise at all, we were on a high floor. Free wireless internet was great. We used this a lot. Turndown service a nice touch. Service at the hotel was everything I would have expected. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a good value hotel in a good location in San Francisco.	
May 21 2008 	Loved this hotel	This &quot;green&quot; hotel is beautiful. It is located in an area that is charming (Chinatown) and is close to transportation. We travel quite a bit and would give this hotel the best rating, would stay there again, and will tell others about it.	
May 19 2008 	Very friendly hotel	We enjoyed our stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel and loved the location convenient to great restaurants, shopping, The Embarcadero, and public transportation. The hotel staff were always friendly, greeting us as we left and returned. They were also great at making recommendations for places to eat and the best way to get somewhere.We liked the modern and comfortable look of the hotel and rooms. Our room was smaller than we were used to, but was well appointed and comfortable. The bathroom was a good size and clean, and the shower/tub was very roomy. It would have been nice to have a window that opened to save the air conditioning and assist with the &quot;green&quot; aspect. We are always happy to stay in a totally smoke-free hotel!We would stay here again when returning to San Francisco.	
May 7 2008 	i don't recommend this hotel.	My room was extremely noisy... not unexpected for a city hotel but I could actually hear conversations of people passing by or standing in front of the hotel.The hotel is lovely, clean and the staff are friendly but if you can't sleep it's very difficult to recommend a hotel.	
May 6 2008 	Repeat customer for sure--outstanding hotel!	We absolutely LOVED this hotel!! And we'll plan to stay again and let our friends know about the Orchard Garden.+First, it's GREEN and LEED certified+The rooms were spacious+Bed was comfortable+Hotel is quiet, but in a GREAT location!+Garden deck on top is fun for a private cocktail!+Wireless internet was free and easy to use+Complimentary coffee in the lobby was a plus!+Passes to 24-hour fitness 3 blocks away was great-Parking was expensive at $38/day, and it took about 30 minutes for them to retrieve our car (they use a 3rd party for that).	
May 5 2008 	It was our Home away from Home	We stayed for 4 nights. Everything about it was perfect! Ross checked us in with a friendly smile and with great enthusiasm. The room was larger than we expected. It had a king bed, desk with chair and dresser. The bathroom was huge! The room was clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. Probably one of the most comfortable beds I've slept in away from home. The extra touches were very appreciated such as morning news paper and turn down service. I also liked the fact that the alarm clock charged/played our ipod.We would definately stay here again :-)	
Apr 30 2008	Excellent Hotel!	This hotel was absolutely wonderful. It was clean and fresh and totally green. The location was perfect. The service was friendly. We would stay here again and again. It made our trip wonderful to have such a great place to stay.	
Apr 22 2008	Traveling in green style..	The Orchard Garden gets the three stars for meeting my top criteria for a hotel1. Clean (If a room is not clean I will complain our room was spotless)2. Great bed (Not every hotel has a 'Four Seasons&quot; like bed this hotel comes very close)3. Value (OG) does a good job of giving value we paid 259. plus tax and all the extra charges per night for two nights with two days parking$44 per day( ouch!) One dinner, one lunch for party of three our total bill was around $770 No real view but there are many places in town to visit for a great view. Small room but still ok.4. Location (Good location)walking to public trans cable car ride, bus,taxi.5.Staff good and just ok... Night shift was very nice helpful. Day shift hit and miss doorman very good but no one explained my room package on our check in which included breakfast buffet and 20% off other dining at ROOTS . On check out I had to ask for the 20%adjustment (twice)! There was not a problem they happily made the adjustment but still had to ask for it which may be hard for other to do or even notice.The breakfast buffet was good but could be better. Please add fresh berries, (trader Joes carries organic strawberries almost year round???whole grain bagels, bran muffins and yogurt. A hotel proclaiming eco friendly but not offering whole grain breads and/or bran muffins on its breakfast buffet???????. Very yummy scones but needed some wholegrains!!!!Wine list is not great but it has full bar. Dinner in hotel was good not great but solid good. service ok...Tips for hotel to improve!I loved the idea of the hotel trying to cut travel industry waste and applaud and will stay with them again for that. Loved the lights out idea with card by door it also help that where did I put that card key anyway feeling!!!They can step it up by not giving such tiny shampoo but adjusting size depending on stay. A few extra amenities make guest feel like they can have a spa like feeling in these simple rooms, SHOWER GEL!!!!!at least no one uses bar soap anymore really! Extra blanket in closet for those who would rather tuck in instead of turn up the heat. Offer filtered water so that guest do not need to purchase bottled water, you can sell reusable drink containers to make up the profit loss!DVD collection is a real bust come on... Pick up a few SAN FRAN classics Birdman of Alcatraz, Mrs Doutfire, Vertigo, and any San Francisco history DVD's.Its not that hard to build a great DVD collection with a few new titles in the mix... Why advertise offering free in room dvd's if all you have is old but not classic b movies?Towel heaters needed in rooms would help cut use of towels and a great touch since heat goes off when you leave room. Reuseable canvas bags for laundry and other items with hotel logo would help promote hotel (see [-] )Train all staff!!!! I realize many our new since this is a new hotel. TRAINING IS IMPORTANT DO NOT CUT BACK ON TRAINING! Explain the system of logging into internet not just handing a small piece a paper with code on it. Take a moment to show guest around.I called the day before my arrival asking if there was a car rental place nearby and staff responded they were not in rental business and too busy to ask someone else ??????? This was a rude response and put me off and I almost canceled my reservation. I am glad I did not!Need essential items in mini bar extra toothbrush, or toothpaste Advil or aspirin.	
Apr 18 2008 	Pleasant stay.	We had chosen the Orchard Garden Hotel based on the high number of positive reviews. We travelled with two children and were very comfortable in two adjoining rooms on the 8th floor, with one room being a suite. The beds were extremely comfortable, and there was a long desk with mini bar, and a good shower/bath in the bathroom. We found it inconvenient that the bathroom had nowhere to keep a toiletry kit, except by the sink. A shelf or small table would have helped.The breakfast was included and was a basic buffet with juices, a fruit basket, a bread basket , boiled eggs and olives! The location was terrific for Union Square and its shopping, as well as for downtown Embarcadero.Overall we were happy to have stayed there.	
Apr 16 2008 	Wonderful Stay in the City with minor suggestions	The Orchard Garden is terrific hotel in a fantastic location. Walking distance to the top of Nob Hill, while also an easy walk to the Ferry Building. Nice people, excellent service. Very comfortable beds and quiet, spacious room. Reasonable price under $200 over the weekend, too. I didn't visit the restaurant, nor use the fitness equipment. Spent time in the city instead. I would only recommend one thing: the rooftop terrace could benefit from some improvement. In my opinion, if you do a rooftop space, it should make guests feel comfortable and be an oasis within the city. See Hotel Vitale in SF or Hotel Giraffe in NY. Great rooftops. When we visited the Orchard Garden's rooftop at night, the lighting didn't work. It also didn't have much landscaping and wasn't very inviting overall. It didn't even really fit with the the atmosphere for the rest of the hotel. But, I really like this hotel overall and it will get my first call for my next visit. Everything else was great and price and location are hard to beat.	
Apr 14 2008 	Great HQ for SF visit	Stayed 4 nights with partner for mixture of business and leisure.Main things we liked were:-decor - this hotel is brand new, the building the decor, everything-room - plasma TV, great marble style bathroom, eficient and quiet aircon, light and airy room -helpful and friendly staffWe probably had the smallest room in the hotel (based on the plans on the back of the door) it would have been nice to have had a larger room but it wasn't enough of an issue to ask to be moved. Thus the size of the most rooms must be quite large (estimated at 350-400 sqft).There is a nice patio area on the top floor with some good views of the city.Free wireless.An encounter that illustrates the helpful service at this hotel:On our last night we fancied going out for a burger. It had to be a burger, nothing else would do! It was quite late and we spotted whom we assumed to be the bar manager having a chat to one of his collegues outside the front of the hotel. We asked about the best place to get a burger considering it was quite late. His sugestions were useful. However given that it was getting on he offered to rustle up a good burger for us in the hotel restaurant if we did not want to chance being too late. This was nice as the hotel restaurant is not realy aimed at the quick burger and fries market! Nevertheless, we had an extreemly nice burger and a glass of wine in the elegant surroundings of the hotel restaurant and with excellent and helpfull service. It is little things like that that make me want to return. A case study in good customer service.The location is probably the best base for exploring the city. See my other review of the older sister hotel, The Orchard, a couple of blocks away.If you want a great value,high quality hotel in the heart of SF, look no further.	
Apr 13 2008 	Loved the Orchard Garden	The staff was really nice and helpfull. The hotel was really clean and very comfortable. We had dinner at Roots and really loved it. We highly recommend the Steak dinner, it was delicious!The location was great, however, the parking was a little hectic and pricey there. We would stay there again, hands down!	
Apr 8 2008 	Comfortable hotel with a great location	The hotel is in a great location less than ten minutes walk from Union square and about three minutes from the tram stop.The hotel was spotless and the staff very friendly.There is lots of places to eat and drink within one minute from the hotel and there is a starbucks across the road.The beds were extremely comfortable and the hotel is very quiet at night.We had a standard room with no view but that was ok for us.Car parking (valet) at the hotel is expensive at 33 dollars per night so we parked just up the road is Stockton Sutter car park for less than half that.Overall a really good hotel at a reasonable price.	
Apr 8 2008 	Charming and Peaceful	Everything went without a hitch from the moment we pulled up to the valet to the moment we said goodbye to the valet.I am particularly impressed that this is a &quot;Green&quot; hotel and lives up to it's philosophy and standards.The room was lovely, serene, comfortable and quiet, and very clean. The staff was friendly and helpful and available if needed. The bed was comfortable as were the pillows. There was a flat screened TV on the wall, a DVD player, a CD player, and lots of fun stuff to read. The bar was cozy and Darrin was fun and accommodating. Hotel is in a prime location. We had breakfast downstairs at Roots and the food was very good, as was the service. Don't miss the roof garden. You can take your coffee or drink up there and enjoy the views. Kudos to the entire staff. We shall return.	
Apr 7 2008 	honest review	My girlfriend and i stayed at this hotel for 5 nights at the end of march.after a long flight from ireland it was lovely to be greeted with a smile as we arrived and checked in. for the five days we where there the hotel staff where very helpfull but the where just really nice and friendly people.the room itself was interesting, americans make a big deal out of Green &quot;key cards&quot; this is common in europe and has been for years so im not going to get too excited about that.the best thing about the room was the bed! wow huge and very comfortable.the room is not big but its a city centre hotel they are never big.the down points where the bathroom.(1) a sliding door that dose not fully close. this really bugged me (2) the shower was terrible being green is fine but it still has to meet basic requirements and to be honest my girlfriend thought that she would have a better chance washing her hair in the rain.i think the big winner in this hotel is its location and its staff.you are close to everything and a short cab ride from fishermans warff.if i was to pick a hotel to stay in again i would have to consider somewhere else because a hotel is supposed to cover basic needs like showering which as silly as it might sound really got on our nerves .	
Apr 6 2008 	Amazing Bed	The best bed I've ever been in - went all the way to San Francisco from Florida and just napped!	
Apr 6 2008 	Pleasant City Hotel. Good Location.	The rooms are compact but well organized with very comfortable beds and pillows, good lighting and adequate storage. There is a flat screen TV and free wireless connection in a spotless, modern setting. The bathrooms are well appointed with Aveda products. The water pressure seemed weak, perhaps to save water.The windows do not open which is a drawback when you just want fresh air. Although the AC/heating system worked well, it was very noisy. Also, avoid a room with an adjoining room door. The doors are not very soundproof, but the efficient staff moved us right away to a quieter room. We also prefer the rooms facing the street than some of the rooms that have the wall of another building as your view.The buffet breakfast was disappointing and boring. Better to get a rate without breakfast and eat elsewhere (french cafe across the street). Also, the gym is very small and claustrophobic.In many respects we prefer their sister hotel, but the hotel's LEEDcertification and emphasis on sustainability is very appealing. Hopefully, it will become the industry standard. Overall, the staff was very helpful and friendly making our stay enjoyable.	
Apr 4 2008 	Perfect Hotel	Great hotel and good price and location. Loved the modern decor and the beds were great. Not a single complaint about the hotel. There are good restaurants nearby, Union square is not far, and there is public transportation within walking distance. Would definitely recommend.	
Apr 2 2008 	Green credentials	This is a new hotel that claims a range of green features, some of which seemed to be stretching the point somewhat. However it was a pleasant stay with particularly firendly and helpful staff. Minus points were the size of the bedroom (small); a sliding door on the bathroom that didn't have any pretence at privacy; high bar prices ($14 for a glass of wine) and exorbitant parking charges ($37 per day) when there were public facilities on the same block (for $24 a day.)Overall, good but not exceptional enough to make me want to go back. Darrin, the bar steward would make me want to go back though, just for the entertainment value. He was a scream!	
Apr 1 2008 	Very good hotel	Quite green. For example room key card put near door inside room turns on and off the electrial equipment in the room, automatic turn down of thermostat upon leaving the room. Comfortable beds, high-quality towels and bedding, good well-located, good European breakfast was included for us, generally very efficient and warm service.	
Apr 1 2008	Great Hotel!	My husband and I recently stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel. We were pleasantly suprised at the quality of the services provided at the hotel. We did not rent a car for our stay in San Fran, so we cannot comment on the parking rates. The location was close to the BART Montgomery station. Just a few blocks away and close enough to walk to.The staff are very friendly. The greeted us every morning when we left and every evening when we returned to the hotel. They were also very helpful in providing maps, directions, and assistance when asked. Always with a smile on their faces. The room itself was cozy. Not small. It was enough room for my husband and myself. We also requested to be away from the noise and got a room that didn't have that great of a view, but since we didn't plan on staying in the hotel room for htat long, this did not matter much to us at all. The bathroom was a nice size as well.One thing that both my husband and I were really impressed with was the hotel's move to being &quot;green&quot;. My husband has a knack for forgetting to turn off lights as he leaves a room, so the 'lightswitch' that can only be activated by hotel key was a nice touch. This comes in really handy for two reasons: it helps conserve energy by being able to control all the lights with one switch, but it also helps you to always remember where your room key is, and allows you to 'turn off' your lights as you leave the room for the day. &lt;-- GREAT FEATUREMy husband and I were not impressed with the prices of the minibar, but they are usually always expensive. We also didn't use the the room service or restaurant, again fo rthe prices. We had Subway Sandwiches form across the street because they were selling footlong sandwiches for 5 dollars. So it is hard to compete with that. But hotel prices for food are also usally high to begin with. Overall, we enjoyed this hotel. We would definately stay there again when we come back to San Francisco.	
Apr 1 2008 	"Great Stay"	The whole process was very simple from start to finish. Starting with an easy check in and up to room 707 (king w/ a view of Bush St). The room is decorated very cleanm and tasteful. Everything felt very clean. This is the main ingredient for me when looking for a hotel; clean and comfortable. Overall the stay was great, except one thing that frustrated me on the last night my girlfriend and i were there. We wanted to go to dinner in the mission on a date before we met up with friends and when i asked the Conceirge where he would suggest he looked at me like I had five heads (most upper scale hotels are spot on when it comes to suggesting restaurants). I explained that a freind suggested Foreign Cinema and Quince but i had tried to make a reservation at both places but they were booked. The man just stared at me and stuttered i asked do you know of anything similar that i might try. He had nothing for me so i asked for a map and he hesiatated for a second like he didnt understand. SO i grabbed a map and luckiliy they had a business center and i booked a reservation via open table at Garcon. Which by the way is quite a quality meal. Other than this little blip we were quite satisfied and would recommend the hotel to anyone.	
Mar 27 2008	Love this hotel	Great green hotel in a great location near Union Square. I've stayed at this hotel several times and would go back.	
Mar 26 2008 	Great experience staff and room!	We had a wonderful stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel. The rooms were tastefully decorated and spacious. The front desk staff was very helpful and friendly. They provided great restaurant suggestions and travel directions. We also enjoyed the roof top terrace for its views of the city. This hotel is much more energy conscious than other hotels we have stayed at. They take care of their property and the impact that they have on the environment. They offer recycling in the rooms and have energy efficient technology to regulate how much electricity you are using in your room. It may not be 100% organic and green in every single aspect but it came pretty close. Upon speaking to the staff about the hotel, it is apparent that there is great effort taken to be sustainable. It is way ahead of most hotels and it is a LEED building. We greatly enjoyed our stay here because of the great service and the great location. This hotel is a brief 5-10 minute walk to all the shopping near Union Square and it is close to the financial district. We didn't use it, but the hotel offers complimentary town car service to the financial district. It was also a 10 minute walk to the BART station (Montgomery St. Station). The hotel was excellent and we will be staying here again next time we visit in San Francisco.	
Mar 24 2008 	beware	This hotel came highly recommended and we were looking forward to staying in a beautiful green hotel. Upon our arrival, we were quite favorably impressed with the room. Our room was actually large for San Francisco, and it was quite clean and lovely.The first thing that distressed me about the hotel was the fact that other than one Clif bar, I found that none of the mini-bar snacks were organic. We have stayed in green hotels and inns all around the US and Europe, and this lack of organic food was a big surprise to me. The hotel's restaurant also says nothing about organic foods on its menu, although they note that they use sustainable fish and hormone-free meats. We did eat dinner with them anyway and the food was quite delicious, but I was disappointed that it wasn't what I consider really &quot;green.&quot;Now here comes the bad part. When we checked out (after a one night stay) we found out that the parking for one night was $38.00 + $5.32 tax. I live in a city that has very high parking fees, but this seemed excessive. Whatever -- it's just play money on vacation anyway. But we found out, after arriving at the airport, they gave us the wrong car!!!!!!! Another guest had rented an identical car and they gave us his. Our car was still sitting there with a $2000 painting in the back. I called the hotel and spoke to a young man there who seemed to try and put the blame on me (didn't you notice it was the wrong car?). He never apologized, and asked me how I wanted to pay for the shipping of my painting. What? I said I didn't think I should have to pay -- so they shipped it at their cost, but it came damaged because it was packed so carelessly. He told me the manager would call me to let me know that everything was taken care of, but, of course, I never got a call back.There's more. A few days later, I found a charge for over $100 on our credit card. My husband called the hotel and they said they had no record of this charge, but agreed it was incorrect. The charge was supposed to be $43.32 for the (overpriced) parking, and the operations manager said they would refund us the parking fee (since they gave us the wrong car!!).Big mix up. Today I checked the card to make sure they had given us the refund. Oh my. They not only didn't refund us that %100+, they charged us another parking fee! Gee whiz, now they are just dipping into our funds any time they feel like it!So the hotel isn't really so green, they won't apologize to you if something goes wrong, and you should be very wary of giving them your credit card, but otherwise it's very nice.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great Location and Clean Hotel	One of the best and most clean hotels I have ever stayed in. The hotel staff was very knowledgeable and friendly. The location was good, just next to the Chinatown gates. The hotel room was a bit small but managed to enjoy it. The bathroom was so clean and by far the best hotel bathroom I have ever seen. The business center was a nice touch and the fitness room was really small. The doorman was always willing to grab a cab for you with the help of his whistle. There was also fresh fruit out on the front desk so it was nice to walk by and grab something on the go. A local pizza place up two blocks Uncle Vitos was a nice place to enjoy some pizza. Another nice place to eat was called the Stinking Rose. Great food for a good price.	
Mar 21 2008 	Great location	Location is great, right on the edge of Chinatown with Union Square and Columbus Avenue both within easy walking distance. We didn't try the food always went out - plenty of restaurants (breakfast cafes) within easy walking distance. Rooms are small but well equipped - the bathroom was as big as the bedroom.	
Mar 12 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	We just returned form a business trip and stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel. It was very clean, quiet and had a very comfortable bed. The staff were all very friendly and helpful with dinner reservations. It's a 10 minute walk to the Convention Center and only a few minutes to Union Square. Lots of shopping and restaurants nearby. The only negative is the water pressure. Because it is a &quot;green&quot; hotel, it was very low. Not sure you actually save much water when it takes 5 minutes to get the shampoo out of your hair! Also, the &quot;fitness room&quot; is a treadmill, a bike and an eliptical machine. However, we got plenty of exercise walking everywhere. Both of these were minor issues for us. We will stay here again!	
Mar 12 2008 	Excellent Value	Referred to this hotel by a business colleague. The rates were great for the location, so I booked it. I was incredibly impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel and all of the convienences offered. Will definately stay there again on my next trip.	
Mar 9 2008 	Loved our stay at the Orchard Garden	If you're a business person looking for a hotel either for a short or long stay, then you must check out the Orchard Garden Hotel. I came to San Francisco for a work conference for a few days and enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The rooms are spacious, beds are so comfortable, very clean hotel/room and the staff are very helpful!! The location is great too - right near the entry gate of Chinatown, a short work to Union Square and cable cars. It's also a small cab fare to anywhere. Would definitely stay here again if Im back in town!	
Feb 22 2008 	Fabulous Stay!	What a treat to have stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel. I had to pick a hotel with my business picking up the tab and I'm quite pleased I chose this hotel! Upon arrival, we were promptly greeted and our bags stowed since our room was yet to be ready. We got back in our car and when we returned several hours later our room was waiting and they remembered us so they handed us the keys and bags w/o even asking us again. Valet service was exceptional! Never had to wait long for our car, nor worry about the rental car being parked. It was worth the $37 for 24 hours! We went back and forth quite a lot and no complaints from the staff. The room was comfortable and the bed was AMAZING! The bathroom was nice accomodated with nice ammenities. I don't know if what was provided were Aveda products, but nonetheless they were fine. Great bathrobes, and plenty of shower space. We checked out a DVD from the front desk (small selection but something for everyone) and also used the iPod clock to listen to tunes. The room was always cleaned and enough towels were provided. We were quite pleased with the cleaning staff! We also liked that the hotel recycled all our bottles and newspapers. Location was excellent. Short walk to BART, restaurants (Starbucks, Subway, and a lil' coffee shop across the street with the BEST hot chocolate!). The front desk was quick to show us the most cost effective route to the wharf, restaurants, etc. We never got lost and I commend the front desk for giving us directions. My only downside is you shouldn't have to pay $250+ for the room, it's more like $200 or less, but that's because you can always find a good rate out there! Internet was a little slow, but not a big deal! If you're looking for a great stay then this is the place.	
Feb 22 2008 	Right next to the Entrance to Chinatown	This is one of the better hotel experiences I've had. The beds are extremely comfortable and the hotel is in immaculate condition. Super quiet even though it is in the middle of a bustling city. The rooms are very clean and spacious. The hotel staff are very helpful and service is friendly and quick, especially the front desk. Bed turnover service is available and you can come home to a clean room with chocolate next to your bed. We ordered in from the room service menu (I believe from the restaurant in the hotel next to the front desk) and the food is pricey as expected but wasn't anything special. Overall, great hotel to stay at and I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 18 2008 	Nicest Boutique Hotel in San Francisco	If you want a luxurious sleep - outstanding service and a reasonable - well for San Francisco - downright bargain - price -- The Orchard Garden Inn is hard to beat -- beautiful all green hotel -- outstanding 5 star hotel like service -- right at the gate of Chinatown - easy walking distance to virtually everywhere on the bay bridge side of the city. The rooms are cozy - modern - clean - the beds are amazing - so comfortable you don't want to get up. Would highly recommend this gem.	
Feb 18 2008	An Oasis for the Business Traveler	I have have experienced two exceptional stays at the Orchard Garden and recommend it highly. It is truly an &quot;oasis&quot; for the business traveler, offering a high level of service and beautiful accommodations. The staff is very helpful and friendly, making it even more of a pleasure. The fact that it is also a &quot;green&quot; hotel makes staying there even more of a priority for me.	
Feb 15 2008 	The little things count!	From the moment I stepped my travel-weary body into the this hotel, I was instantly rejuvinated. My shuttle door was opened for me and my luggage brought inside where I was quickly checked into my room. Throughout my stay I was greeted by all employees and no request was too outlandish. Complimenty newspaper outside your door, great Aveda products, a selection of dvd's to watch on the flatscreen tv and a luxurious bath made it difficult for me to leave the room for sightseeing!The bed was extremely comfortable and their bathrobes are worth buying so you can have a little luxury at home.Location-wise, this hotel is an relaxing 10 minute walk to Union Sqaure and right next door to the China Gate. Cabs are easy to come by and there is a valet service available if you have a car. The room-service breakfast was delicious but if you would like some atmosphere there is a lovely french-style cafe across the road. Starbucks is one block over and a lovely sushi bar just down the way.There are a fair amount of homeless people in this part of town but I never felt unsafe - even when walking by myself at night. When my shuttle service did not arrive in time to take me to the airport, the lovely concierge offered up their towncar at no extra charge. I look forward to my next stay at this lovely hotel.	
Feb 11 2008 	A San Francisco Treat	Our stay at the Orchard Garden was wonderful. My husband an d I are from Northeast Ohio and booked the hotel after surfing the web and reading about it. We came in on a Friday evening and checked out Sunday morning. The hotel was exactly what we were looking for. The bed was great ...so comfortable and the room perfect. We did not have a view as we booked with AAA and that is generally an interior room. Others had mentioned small rooms in their reviews but the size of the room was not an issue for us. It was just fine for a couple spending a weekend in San Francisco. The colors were calm and soothing as was the DVD for a relaxing nights sleep. The staff was very accomodating, particularly a young man named Davis, who certainly went out of his way for us and the other couple we were traveling with. The location could not have been better just steps away from Chinatown , a two block walk to the cable cars and the trolleys and streetcars. also there were cabs at the hotel doorstep at any time .You are also just a few blocks from the italian North Beach neighborhood and the other way is Union Square.. There are several good restaurants just down the street. .Sunday morning my husband and I went to Mass and had our choice of where to attend as there are two beautiful Catholic churches within a two minute walkAs for dress - in the winter it is dressy casual...lots of layers , gloves scarf and jacket , maybe a dressier coat for evening. But on the whole S. F. and the Orchard Garden is pretty casual.We will definitely stay here again, there is so much to see and do.	
Feb 8 2008 	A great value that can't be beat!	This wonderful boutique hotel is in a great location just steps from Union Square and Chinatown. The staff was friendly and helpful, and our room was tastefully appointed and comfortable. I loved the Aveda bath products, California King size bed, cozy comforter, and perfectly-weighted robes. The free internet access and DVDs were added bonuses. I also appreciated the recyling containers in the room and the free newspaper delivered to your door in the morning. Finally, not only was the price good, but you get great value for your money. After such a fantastic experience it would take a lot to convince me to stay anywhere else in the city.	
Jan 29 2008 	Full marks	I was hugely impressed with this hotel - wonderful big rooms and beds; spacious bathrooms; pleasing colour schemes; fabulous breaktasts. And all just next to Chinatown. Then there are the eco-credentials; I'd say the Orchard Garden has set standards (locally sourced and organic food; recycling bins in rooms; reclaimed raw materials) that other hotels will have to follow in the future. It's not cheap - but then neither are other boutique hotels reaching a similar standard in this city.	
Jan 29 2008 	Great Bed	I spent several nights and found the hotel comfortable, pleasant and well priced for a good location. The beds were super-comfortable. I actually slept through the night - amazing for a 28 week pregnant woman who tosses and turns trying to find a comfortable position.Only two minor complaints. Since I had a multiple night stay, I would have liked a little more variety, day to day, in the breakfast buffet. And, the elevators were ridiculously cold. But all in all, thumb's up. I'd go again.	
Jan 27 2008 	Top notch!	Our recent stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel was simply superb! What a gem. A truly beautiful hotel with an European flair, a super friendly staff, and at a great location to boot!The room was pure heaven with a super comfortable bed and a stunning bathroom. Loved the cushiony robes too! In fact, We meant to buy a set.The only word of warning would be that the rooms are rather small - some more than others - so be sure to ask to see the room in case you wish an upgrade. Since this was my wife's first time in San Francisco I did request a bigger room, also with a much better view -- and to our amazement, Jim, the manager at the time, made sure we were not charged for the upgrade! How great is that? Thanks Jim! (I hope this doesn't get you in trouble).All in all, a super delightful experience at the Orchard Garden Hotel. Needless to say...WAY highly recommended!(Pics to come)	
Jan 23 2008 	Great location for exploring the city	Fantastic location and friendly staff. The hotel is right near the gates of Chinatown and a couple of blocks from the shopping at Market Street. I would definitely stay here again next time I'm in SF. The big breakfast and environmental consciousness were a plus, too.	
Jan 3 2008	Cannot wait to go back!	This is a great find. It is in a perfect location, but that is not the best thing about this hotel. It is beautiful, the staff is amazing, the appointments and furnishings are lovely, the Leed Certification is the way of the future and all for an unbelievable value.	
Dec 31 2007 	Lovey hotel but I will not be returning!	This is a beautiful, clean and comfortable hotel. But here's the problem: the climate inside the room is too dry and stuffy. I chose this hotel because of the &quot;green&quot; atmosphere. The rooms are powered by placing the keys inside a slot near the door. The hotel is also new and allows no smoking in any of the rooms This is a plus because you can often smell cigarette smoke through the air conditioning system.  Because it's a new hotel, apparently the building codes do not permit any windows to open. So this place is sealed shut. I was assured that the new &quot;state-of-the-art &quot; AC system was able to adjust and even allow for some outside air circulation. This was certainly not the case. I had to buy a cheap humidifier at Walgreen's in an attempt to get so moisture in the room. It helped a bit. I guess I'm confused about the description of &quot;green&quot; and this overall phobia of outside air. Here's a green tip: you can also cut your energy costs by shutting off the AC and opening a window!	
Dec 31 2007 	Fantastic location great service.	Super all around! This hotel is located at the gates to Chinatown and walking distance to great shopping in Union Square and the cable car line to Fisherman's Wharf. As you would expect in SF, small rooms that work for 1-2 adults and a baby in a crib (we brought our son with us.) His portacrib fit in the bathroom. Nice flatscreen HD Tv's, comfortable beds, Aveda toiletries. I would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel highly.	
Dec 30 2007	Best Kept Secret in San Francisco	Wow is all I can say! This was my 3rd visit here, and it just keeps getting better with each visit. The rooms are great, the amenities are nice, the Staff is incredible. The free breakfast was a treat. In the previous stays, I missed it due to my sleeping late. This time I made sure I went and ate. I love the fact the hotel is eco friendly! It was great to walk into China town, and be right there. It's very close to Union Square as well.	
Dec 17 2007 	Comfortable eco-friendly and convenient	For my first business trip to the city, I chose the environmentally friendly Orchard Garden, which was 3 blocks from my office away from home. The bed and breakfast package was a good value -- with fruit, cereals, baked goods, cheese and meats and hard boiled eggs available. Staff were very friendly, recommending a sushi restaurant 5 blocks away instead of the one across the street. Room was beautiful, clean, everything I expected of a business-class hotel. I'll be back!	
Dec 12 2007	Loved the Orchard Garden Hotel in SF!	This a lovely gem....just a minutes walk into Chinatown or Union Square, this hotel is the best place we've ever stayed in SF. Small enough to maintain an intimate feel but without sacrificing any of the amenities. Light and bright, very clean, beautiful rooms, nice staff, good food and if all that's weren't enough, it's the first completely &quot;green&quot; hotel from the ground up. Though not inexpensive, for the value we found it worth every penny. We look forward to making this our permanent home base when visiting - for business or pleasure - San Francisco!	
Nov 28 2007 	excellent hotel	My husband and I love to take road trips for our vacations so we have stayed in many hotels across the country. This hotel was GREAT! Nice location, very central to many places in san Francisco and it was a very nice part of town. The staff was very accommodating and friendly. They were almost all quite young and still very professional and helpful. they had a nice tv in the room, and the bed was very comfy. the room overall was very cozy. We would highly recommend staying here!	
Nov 27 2007	Great experience	Great location. Cute boutique hotel. Park and Shop package, with buffet breakfast included, is an amazing value for SF.	
Nov 21 2007	great hotel great location very nice staff	this is a very nice hotel very well run, hotel staff all very cordial and helpful. housekeeping also very polite and caring the room was inviting and bright - good lighting- perfect location downtown to everything, able to walk most everywhere.sheets and towels of good quality. a very good value for the price we paid. would recommend to all.	
Nov 16 2007	Nice cozy	Very comfortable bed (+), we liked that it is a green hotel. Nice tv. very cozy room, typical in san francisco. for the $, not sure you can't do as well or better. the location was great. also enjoyed the restaurant.	
Nov 12 2007	We Will Come Back	We had a wonderful stay. The rooms were clean and quiet and the location is great. The staff was pleasant and helpful. The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars was due to the attitude of one staff person. When asking for directions, the front desk person told us to go use the business room and print them out ourselves. When we explained we were in a hurry, the person ignored us. Thankfully, another staff person came over and helped us out. However, this was a minor thing compared to the overall visit. We will come back!	
Oct 29 2007 	Lovely Little Boutique Hotel	My husband and I stayed at The Orchard Garden Hotel as part of our honeymoon from 09/10/07 - 14/10/07. It's a small boutique hotel where the staff were always helpful and friendly. It's a fantastic location; right next door to Chinatown. Union Square and the Financial District are both within walking distance, as are all the shops and Westfield shopping centre. The room was very clean and with it being a 'green' hotel there are separate bins in the room for rubbish, bottles and paper. We had a view of Bush Street which isn't particularly attractive but what do you expect in the middle of San Francisco?!?! There was a safe in the wardrobe along with an iron and ironing board; you also get free WiFi if you have your own laptop. Each room also has a Flatscreen TV, IPod docking station and coffee machine. There was a mini-bar and a tray with snacks that are all on sensors. We didn't eat any of these or use the mini-bar because they were soooo expensive. You get the option of turn down service each night; we didn't bother but it's a nice touch. There is a bistro downstairs called 'Roots' that serve breakfast, lunch (I think) and even an evening meal. We had breakfast included with the price of the room and it was really nice. A choice of pastries, muffins, bagels, fruit salad and cereal; along with tea, coffee and a variety of fruit juices. They also do room service. There is also a roof garden, but that was closed during our stay; we didn't realise though and went up anyway! It gives a fantastic view of the city at night. Whilst we were there one of the lift's broke down which was a bit annoying but I suppose these things happen; it just meant that with only one lift working we had to wait longer than usual. The WiFi also went down due to flooding in the street; but again these things happen, it's not really something that the hotel can control! The mainenaince guys were working all night in the street to try and get the problem sorted though. But the main reason I only gave the hotel 4/5 is because of the gym. They have a tiny room with a treadmill, a crosstrainer and a bike; for someone who works out 6 days a week this was a bit of a let down. You can use a nearby gym but I thought $15 per day was quite pricey so I didn't bother. The bar staff are very friendly, one of them even gave us a free tequila! The staff will recommend restaurants as well if you ask and are very helpful with regatrds to directions etc as well; they will also book you taxi's / city cars to get you to the airport etc. All in all we had a lovely stay at this hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 22 2007	A return to this hotel is definite!	This new hotel on Bush Street, just around the corner from the gated entrance to Chinatown on Grant, is really well put-together. The hotel is 'green', having received the LEEDS certification. The rooms are small but functional and the beds are extremely comfortable and plush. One of the two elevators was out while we were here with no particular indication as to why or when it would be repaired, but we honestly didn't mind. The rate we got included breakfast and I will say that the breakfast was not that great and I wouldn't pay $14.00 for it if I didn't get it in my rate. The staff was efficient and friendly and non-intrusive. The rooftop garden was a nice place to sit and have a glass of wine with our friends before heading out for dinner. I would definitely come back to this hotel the next time a trip takes us to San Francisco. I would have no hesitation to recommend this hotel: GREAT LOCATION, VERY CLEAN, COMFORTABLE, JUST RIGHT!	
Oct 18 2007 	Just Okay	While we loved the &quot;green&quot; aspect of this hotel, our stay was nothing special. The room was small, really too small for us. The hotel was also having some problems as result of a leak, so there was only one elevator working (and long waits for it) and the roof garden was not available.The hotel staff was very nice, but not particularly helpful. For example, when we needed a cab, they suggested we walk a few blocks to another street to find one. Another example, we wanted to go to the movies (it had been raining, we'd already enjoyed two museums) and we asked about nearby theaters; the theater names we were given were totally different from what was listed in the paper. Once we figured this out, it was too late to go to any of the movies we would have wanted to see.	
Oct 18 2007 	Overall very good impression	Overall, I was very pleased with my stay at the Orchard Garden. The place is perfectly located a few blocks away from Union Square and Financial District, right next to Chinatown. The property is impeccably clean, and the overall green-yellow color scheme is as soothing as it is sophisticated. The personnel were generally very helpful with everything with the exception of a single minor maintenance request that has never been attended to, eve n despite an extra reminder. There is a tiny fitness room with just a couple of machines, a business center and a hugely overrated &quot;roof garden&quot; which is basically of no use because of cast iron furniture - try to seat in one of these chairs for two minutes in fall and have your butt frozen, or for a change have it roasted after two minutes in summer. My room 1005 - top floor king - was spacious and light. The bed, mattress and linens were wonderful and the two-layer bath robe - from a local company &quot;Telegraph Hill&quot; - was easily the best I had ever worn. The bathroom was quite large, with a full bath and vanity mirrors. There was a room safe, a tea/coffee maker, HDTV unit, DVD player and an ipod docking station (=alarm clock) in the room. The air conditioning unit was effective and not noisy at all. My reservation included a complimentary breakfast - unfortunately, the same selection five mornings in a row. Valet parking was $32 + tax.There are just two specific concerns that I would like to bring my fellow travelers' attention to as they may be quite annoying. Firstly, their room access cards deactivate each time you use them to access business center. You have to trot to the front desk to have your card reprogrammed after each visit to the business center. Another - and potentially quite embarrassing - concern is the sliding bathroom door. Not only can it not be locked from the inside, there is a 2 1/2-in gap around the whole door panel opening into the rest of the room. Bearing in mind how exciting all those bathroom sounds - and smells - can be, I strongly doubt this solution was correct... To summarize, apart from the two ridiculous flaws discussed above, this is a wonderful hotel, very much to recommend.	
Oct 17 2007	My New Favorite Hotel	I was in San Francisco for a conference and my wife found this hotel on the internet. The web site was very appealing and the location was within easy walking distance of the convention center. It was also located next to other active areas of the City including Chinatown and Union Square. But, what attracted us mostly to the hotel is that it is &quot;green&quot;, constructed to the guidelines of the United States Green Building Council. So we booked the room.From the time of arrival to my departure, I was not disappointed. The design is modern and exceptionally clean. The staff (all the staff) was very helpful and friendly. My wife and I prefer smaller hotels over the large chains and the Orchard Garden fit perfectly into this perception. The room was exceptionally and tastefully furnished including a large, flat-screen television and king size bed. The many energy conservation measures incorporated into the construction of the hotel were apparent and most appreciated including all power on/off with your room key, low-flush toilet, flourescent light bulbs, etc. The room price included breakfast and the staff was very accommodating to meet special diet requirements. My only regret regarding food is that I did not have an opportunity to eat dinner in the restaurant. The menu appears wonderful.This is where I will stay whenever I am in San Francisco. It is my new favorite hotel.	
Oct 17 2007	Wonderful Hotel!	A very nice hotel, with incredibly friendly, and extremely helpful staff, lovely rooms, nice breakfast buffet, great location, good value. I would definitely stay here the next time I'm in San Francisco, and would not hesitate to recommend it to others.	
Oct 16 2007	We Loved the Orchard Garden Hotel	We visited the Orchard Garden Hotel October 5th, 6th and 7th on a Friday, Saturday and Sunday. We found this &quot;green&quot; hotel on the internet and decided to give it a try. It exceeded our expectations. Upon entering the hotel, we found the decor beautiful and the fountain calming after a hectic day of travel. The front desk staff was friendly and efficient and it took only a few minutes to get us checked in and up to our room. There was no typical hotel smell. The lobby and our room smelled fresh and clean and looked it. The bed was one of the best parts of our visit, so comfortable and sheets that felt soft and looked like new. The buffet breakfast at the Roots Restaurant inside the hotel was excellent and got us on our way each day happy and full and ready for a great day of site seeing. The location of this hotel was perfect. The Entrance Gate to Chinatown was just a few steps away, and it was an easy walk to The Ferry Building to catch the wonderful weekend market. Also, the hotel is not far from public transportation. After a busy day, we enjoyed our drinks at the bar at Roots and long talks with the bartender. All of the staff was great and we would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 15 2007 	Clean and convenient!	We started of our 15 night road trip honeymoon with 5 nights in the Orchard Garden. I had booked the room before the hotel opened and got a good rate. The room was spotless, lovely king size bed and a great view out onto the street. The bathroom was quite spacious, but we weren't so keen on the sliding door. I agree with the posters on the annoyance that there is no room to put your own water into the fridge provided. Breakfast was included and as other have said there was a good selection. Staff were friendly, but not overly. Location wise it's perfect. A few minutes up the road there is the cable car stop and down the hill Union Square. I would recommend this hotel and would stay again at the right price.	
Oct 14 2007	A good base for exploring San Francisco	This is a new hotel, located right next to the China Gate entrance to Chinatown. It is within easy walking distance of Union Square and there are plenty of cafes and restaurants close by. The rooms are stylishly decorated and even though our room was only one floor up and facing the street, it was pretty quiet. Nice toiletries and bathrobes are supplied. The continental breakfast provided an excellent selection of fruit, pastries, bread &amp; cheese and cereals. The front desk staff were very helpful. On-line booking worked fine, and a reminder e-mail was sent to us a few days before our stay which was reassuring. This hotel provided a very comfortable start to a three week road trip around California. We would not hesitate to recommend a stay here.	
Oct 12 2007 	The Orchard Garden is a wonderful hotel	My wife and I visited San Francisco this week. Based on Trip Advisor's user recommendations we chose The Orchard Garden Hotel and we had a great experience! The staff is very helpful, the room, if is not a big one, has a lot of options that we usually do not find in other hotels e.g. plasma TV and Ipod docking amplifier. The room was super clean and prepaid with breakfast included. We definitely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 11 2007 	All hotels should follow suit	I stayed for 2 nights for a business trip. The location is great. Check-in was quick, the staff were very courteous and attentive. Free (European) breakfast was good, not too heavy - coffee, fruits, hardboiled eggs, ham, various kinds of bread, and i loved the pastries.The room, although on the small side, is immaculately clean, nicely furnished, very relaxing bed, flatscreen TV. The bathroom is actually a good size, not cramped at all, and very clean. What's weird though, is the hairdryer is a portable one. Not the normal ones you see hooked up on the wall in the bathroom.The water pressure in the shower is on the weak side (in my opinion).Check-out was uneventful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, especially since it's a LEED-certified hotel. Way to Go!	
Oct 10 2007 	Excellent Location-Beautiful Hotel	This was a beautiful hotel, and in an ideal location from shopping and the business district, especially if your in town for business. I loved the fact that it was next door to China Town, which I love to visit the stores and eat. Very close to the major shopping areas and the trolley cars. The room was a bit smaller than expected, especially based on the pictures shown on the site. For one person, it was ideal, but if my husband had come along, it would have felt a bit cramped. I did not like the fact that the frig was prestocked to the point you could not put your own drinks or left over food in there. If any of the items in the frig were moved, you automatically got charged for them whether you consumed them or not. I would have preferred everything been taken our completely and left with a usable frig. Need to make the note about moving the items off the dot for more than 20 seconds automatically charges your room for the goods, even if you just knock it over. Luckily I was told by a maintenance guy before I had an accident with the goods. Otherwise, very clean, comfortable bed, nice bath and tv channel options. Just need to add a hot tub for use on the balcony or roof for end of day, after all the walking you have to do. Thanks!	
Oct 10 2007 	Great Botique Hotel	We had a nice stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel, it is located near Union Square with great access to all the shopping nearby. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Rooms were nice and clean. We had an interior room with not much a view but we were not in the room for long. The price we paid was expensive I thought, over $800 for 2 nights. 'm not sure if something was going on in the city or if that is the regular rate for rooms here. We also had a walk-thru door to the next room and the sound proffing was not very good. I would probably stay here again but check for better rates.	
Oct 8 2007	Comfortable stay with wonderful staff	I called the Orchard about a week before our visit on a last ditch effort to get a room here due to the positive reviews I saw on Trip Advisor ( I had booked somewhere else). I was lucky to find an open room and although the front desk could not lower the price (all hotels were booked and they were at full capacity) she did include breakfast in our stay which helped.Everyone was great. Although they do not have an official concierge desk like the big hotels each person went out of their way to help us find what we were looking for. each person gave us very personal service and always at 110%.Our rooms were very clean and comfortable. My brother is a big environmentalist and I have already recommended it to him but I will recommend it to everyone going to San Francisco. I honestly cannot think of a bad thing to say about the Orchard Garden. Enjoy your stay!	
Oct 6 2007 	A very good hotel	I found the Orchard Garden an excellent boutique hotel in San Francisco. The only reason why it doesn't get a 5.0 rating is the ambience, which I found a little sterile.It is a LEED-certified hotel, which means it follows environmentally-friendly practices in its energy management and overall business practices. If this is important to you you should stay here. You will not be disappointed by the quality of the experience.The rooftop garden is very nice although I wish it had a bar. You can bring your own up there and we did and enjoyed it. I'm surprised more people weren't up there. The location is excellent, northeast of Union Square makes it even more walkable to North Beach and the waterfront as well as Chinatown (next door).The room was very clean, excellent and very comfortable bed. Didn't eat in the restaurant so I can't comment on it. Breakfast was included in the rate and was good if not spectacular. The modern decor and light colored woods I thought were just a little sterile looking. That's my only complaint. I'd certainly recommend it, however.	
Oct 6 2007 	Flawless hotel...	Highly recommend this place. Cant fault it in any way. Huge room packed with facilities and a large bed and wonderful bathroom. My only complaint was the weak strength of the wi fi signal in my room which was too weak to be used. Otherwise I cannot fault the hotel and the location is excellent	
Sep 30 2007 	Wonderful Hotel in San Fran	I was traveling solo and had a wonderful experience at the Orchard Garden. As others have stated, the property is new, very clean, and has a calm and serene atmosphere. The roof garden is wonderful on a clear day and the overall emphasis on the environment throughout the hotel is very inspiring. The location is perfect - you can walk to Union Square, the Ferry Market and other key locations - and the trolley/cable cars and the Muni are very close to the hotel so transportation options are plentiful. My hotel rate did not include the complementary breakfast and so I had an excellent breakfast each morning across the street at a nice French cafe - less money than I would have paid at the OGH.As far as I am concerned, there are not enough properties like this anymore in the heart of our great urban areas. The OGH is a gem! Try it when you go to SF! PS - I requested car service to SFO on my last morning. The driver was on time and the rate was exactly what I was quoted the day before.	
Sep 25 2007	Relaxed vibe	A really great hotel with lots of charm. Very clean and modern and efficient. I love the fact that it's LEED certified. The staff was very courteous although i was surprised no one helped get my bags up to the room. The contintental breakfast was also right on point. I got a great rate for this room as I was in town for a conference but I'm not sure I would pay the posted rate of $339 a night. The room was a little small - perfect for one person but 2 people would make it much more tight.Overall a great experience.	
Sep 24 2007 	Excellent hotel	We had a wonderful 3 night stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel. It's a great boutique hotel, very clean and reasonably priced. Service was friendly and helpful. The location couldn't be any better - close to Union Square, Chinatown, and restaurants. We would definitely stay at this hotel next time we're in San Francisco!	
Sep 23 2007	Excellent hotel and great value for money	Arriving at the Orchard Garden Hotel was just heaven after a 13 hour flight from Sydney. Check-in was an ease and we were in our room within 10 minutes from arriving. The rooms are very clean, spacious and comfortable. I must say the best thing about the room was the bed, they are just amazing (best sleep for ages). We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and found the location to be very central, within walking distance to Union Square and close to the cable cars.I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 23 2007 	A Perfect Experience	The Orchard Garden Hotel is a very low-keyed, understated but quietly luxurious hotel. There's an almost zen-like quality to the place. You walk into your room and immediately feel completely relaxed. The staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful. Highly recommended.	
Sep 22 2007 	Great for comfort and location	We were very impressed by a three night stay here. Very high standards were combined with unfussy and quietly competent service at the front desk. The Orchard Garden is in an excellent location for shops, restaurants and exploring the city. The complementary breakfast was the best quality we had experienced in a US hotel, and the beds appeared to have a magical ability to cure two hardened insomniacs.	
Sep 19 2007	We wished we didn't have to leave the Orchard Garden Hotel!	My daughter and I visited the Orchard Garden Hotel for 8 nights and thorougly enjoyed the experience. The Double, double room with a view was lovely and a good size, as was the bathroom. Location superb for shopping and walking around. The friendliness and helpfullness of all the staff was a great plus, and we enjoyed sampling the house cocktails! Room service was excellent as was the meal in the restaurant. Altogether, our stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel was a delight.	
Sep 18 2007	Great hotel location and service	Stayed for two nights as part of our annual vacation from the UK. Excellent service and quality of furnishings. Noticed it's listed in Conde Nast 'hot list' for 2007. Location was fantastic, only a couple of blocks from Union square. We'd stay again.	
Sep 13 2007 	Very Impressed	We spent five nights in this hotel, and it exceeded all our expectations - most importantly, its location is superb. In a city with many hills, we were pleased to find that most of SF's attractions are close by, and for the visits to Pier 39 and Fisherman's Wharf, transport links were close to the hotel.The hotel itself was fantastic - very new feeling to the place, all furniture and fittings were spotless. Breakfast was more than adequate, and there is computer access in the 'Business Center'. Door staff were very helpful. Modestly priced for accomodation in an expensive city - if we are lucky enough to return to San Fran, we would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 10 2007	An absolute 'green' gem in the heart of San Francisco.	We held our 40th Peace Corps Reunion at the Orchard Garden, and it could not have been better. Situated in the middle of San Francisco, just 50 feet from the entrance to Chinatown, the Orchard Garden was an ideal location for all of our friends who came in from all over the United States. The Orchard Garden is a beautiful, new, and environmentally sensitive hotel. The entry is fresh and inviting, providing an opportunity to instantly experience the friendly ambience that pervades throughout. The use of light colored woods and tall ceilings add to the qualtiy of the hotel. In the ground floor, &quot;Roots&quot; restaurant, the chicken ceasar sandwich, with carmelized brown sugar on bacon, is an absolute, must try delight. The rooms are nicely sized, bright, and cheery, and have all the internet connections one needs. Depositing your room key in a slot by the door powers up all the lights and helps to conserve energy. I did not expect a 'green' hotel to be so elegant. Throughout the hotel, the staff, from housekeepers to waitresses, to front office, were eager to help in any way to make our stay more enjoyable.	
Sep 10 2007 	Horrible window view dont always trust these reviews	My stay on the Orchard Garden was disappointing. We were visiting San Francisco on our 20th anniversary, had done all my homework and picked the Orchard Garden basically because of the Trip Advisors reviews. I was given room 305, and when we entered the room we saw this horrible brick wall facing our only window. You can take a look at it in photo attached. To see the room was a big disappointment, and would of never imagined from a Hotel of this category and cost. Exaggerating a bit, we couldnt tell night from day.We booked a Value Pack, where you pay 2 nights and receive the 3rd night at 50 % off. If this was the reason for the brick wall, I would have paid happily the 3 nights at full price.I mentioned this to the front desk (Jim I think) and he said that the Hotel was full and maybe the next day he could change us. Nothing happened.The breakfast was pretty lousy. Neither hot food nor scrambled egg, which is a must for me. This might seem silly but they have very small plates, and the bread simply doesnt fit in them. You could see in the other tables the bread just lying in the table, which is not very hygienic.The mini bar had a system that warned you that if something was taken out for more than 20 seconds, it would charge you. Also if you put some of your own beverage it would also charge you. I found this somewhat aggressive and not customer friendly. It doesnt seem a crime to put the soda you brought from outside to cool a bit in the mini-bar, especially considering the price they charge you in the mini-bar. It just didnt fit this ecological thing they have with these rigid rules. The hotel is clean, new and the rooms are modern and nice. The location is very good and valet parking worked well. Nevertheless, the brick wall simply ruined my anniversary.	
Sep 10 2007 	Excellent Hotel!	We just spent 3 days at the Orchard Garden and loved it. the room was great with a comfortable bed, beautiful and functional bathroom and nice amenities including a big screen TV. The breakfast buffet was substantial and varied.We ate dinner in the restaurant &quot;Roots&quot; one night and the food was fabulous and, for San Francisco, reasonable.The location was great for us -- right next to Chinatown and close to the public transportation hub of Market Street.We stayed in three other hotels on this trip in other parts of northern California and agree that the OG was the best. We'll definitely return.	
Sep 9 2007 	Excellent hotel	Was very pleased with the Orchard Garden Hotel. Room was spacious and very comfortable. Excellent location in the city. Did not eat in the restaurant, but did enjoy a glass of wine and some cheese in the comfortable bar area. Nice breakfast with a good selection of items. Would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 3 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!	We stayed at the Orchard Garden for 4 nights (August 23-26). The staff - from the front desk clerk to the bellman to the restaurant workers - was friendly to a fault! We felt very welcome from the minute we arrived.We had a 8th floor view room with two double beds. The room was immaculate....the beds were insanely comfortable....the sheets were perfect.....flat screen TV...AC worked well...the room was incredibly quiet even though it looked out on Bush Street and was a half-block from the main gate of Chinatown. Your room key-card activates the room's electricity when you enter the room and place it into the power &quot;receptacle&quot;. A fantastic way to cut down on the amount of electricity the hotel uses!The European buffet breakfast each day was excellent. Fresh baked croissants, fresh fruits, yogurt, cereals, juices, coffee....it was an excellent start each morning! The hotel is conveniently located to Chinatown, Union Square. We actually walked to AT&amp;T Park as well as North Beach from the hotel (about a mile in either direction). However, there is alot of mass transit available close by. There is a rooftop terrace which is an excellent place to read and catch the afternoon sun. I whole-heartedly recommend it!Overall, I'd say this hotel stay was one of the best I have had! The hotel has earned a LEED &quot;green&quot; rating which makes all of the luxuriuos surriundings seem even more luxurious!	
Sep 3 2007 	Great Hotel	This hotel is the perfect location. There were no steep hills to climb. The location is steps away from the entrance to China Town, the financial center, and Union Square. We booked a king with a view for $199.00 a night. Unbelievable for San Francisco! The hotel is new and a green hotel. Everyone we met was friendly and happy! We have spent a lot of vacations in San Francisco and stayed at many hotels, but in the future we will be staying here.	
Sep 1 2007	Gorgeous Hotel - Incredibly Friendly Staff - Loved The Orchard Garden Hotel!!	Absolutely beautiful hotel!! This was my first trip to San Francisco and they made my stay so much easier. They arranged transportation, gave easy to understand directions and one of the entrances to Chinatown was right next door. Plus, it is located in the financial district so there are lots of good places to eat and didn't have that cheesy tourist feel that some of the Wharf hotels might have (this, coming from a tourist - ha!)Also, the rooms were absolutely gorgeous, with a flat screen TV, thick duvets, everything shiny and new!! And the staff was so nice and helpful. I told my boyfriend that if we ever come to San Francisco together we are definitely staying here!! Plus, if you happen to take the double-decker bus hop on/hop off tours, they will let you off directly in front of the hotel, which was really convenient.All in all, an excellent hotel and accomodating staff - highly recommended!!	
Aug 31 2007	Loved it!	We stayed in room 408 and it was great. Everything was SO CLEAN and SO NEW and SO WELL DONE!I loved te sliding bathroom door and the beds were very comfy and so were the pillows and bedding.I'm turning &quot;GREEN&quot; so knowing I was helping give back was also a HUGE plus! I'd stay there everytime! Do beware that a soda at the bar will cost you $3.56 before tip! A bit pricey for a can of Sprite.Very convienent to everything. The Cafe across the street, Cade De le Presse is delicous! Order the french toast!	
Aug 30 2007 	Great Location Clean Hospitable	Our family thoroughly enjoyed a 6 day stay at the Orchard Garden. We arrived early in the morning and it was no problem to store our luggage for the day while we set off to explore the city. The check-in/check-out were smooth, the room was small but functional and tastefully decorated. The &quot;green policy&quot; appealed enormously to our family - especially our teenage daughters. The breakfast was terrific - the atmosphere was friendly, overall it was a very positive experience and we feel we got great value for our dollar.	
Aug 29 2007 	Wonderful place to stay	The Orchard Garden Hotel is new and spotless!!!. The staff made us feel extremely welcome and we really appreciate this &quot;green&quot; hotel's efforts in recycling and protecting the environment. We were encouraged to take our cocktails and snacks up to the outdoor terrace where there was plenty of tables/chairs and a nice view.Our stay came with a complimentary breakfast which had something for everyone and was delicious.Just a couple of blocks away from Union Square, the location is very convenient to shopping, Chinatown, dining, etc.I would highly recommend this hotel	
Aug 29 2007 	makes being green easy and comfortable	love the fact that a green hotel such as this exists! it was really cozy and comfy w/ unexpected perks like the sleep 101 cd in the room.super comfortable bed!great to have a green option to give my business to,just 1 more way to be the change we wish to see in the world:)loved it,would definately stay again.	
Aug 28 2007 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel for three nights during our California vacation and had a wonderful experience. The hotel is located just outside the gates to Chinatown and we were able to walk to the Embarcadero, Pier 39, Coit tower, Golden Gate state park, etc. The rooms are a little smaller than other hotel rooms we've stayed in however the bathroom was quite spacious. I am very particular about cleanliness and this hotel was clean, new, and well run. Comfortable beds and pillows, free movie rentals! The only thing missing would be a nice hot tub on the roof! I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are staying in San Francisco!	
Aug 14 2007 	Wonderful Place to stay	We booked the Orchard Garden for a girls weekend for two best friends and our 8 - 10 year old daughters. The location was great for that kind of trip. Two doors down from the gate to Chinatown meant a lot of great kid-friendly meals and shops. Quick walk to Union Square and transportation to the rest of the city.We booked two double rooms but were not told until arrival that each floor only has two double rooms - so one of us switched to a King room. This was fine with us but you should know this if expecting to be near traveling companions with the same room type booked.We did not get the City view and instead overlooked a courtyard and it was wonderfully quiet. I would definitely book standard again.The concierge at the Orchard Garden was great as was the night staff, who helped with everything with a smile. From hailing us the perfect taxi to recommending two very good restaurants, to getting us to the airport in time, the staff helped make the trip easier.The rooms were very clean and well stocked. The only thing I'd say was a negative was the mini-bar and snack trays which we nor the girls touched but seem to have been sensitive enough that we were charged for a water anyway. Not worth getting upset over but something to look out for.We did not try the restaurant as it was a bit pricey and there are so many affordable options within walking distance of the hotel.Would definitely return!	
Aug 10 2007 	Wonderful staff and stay	We had just finished a stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel after a week of travel throughout California. Of all the places we stayed during our trip, the Orchard Garden was by far our favorite. The hotel as well as the room was extremely nice and we thought the amenities/bed in the room (the fact that it is a &quot;Green&quot; hotel was a definite plus) as well as the size of the room itself was perfect and comfortable for my wife and daughter. The hotel and lobby were very clean and the breakfast was great - scones, meat and cheese, etc. The location in the city next to Chinatown makes visiting that particular area of the city very easy and convenient. But the most overlooked part was simply the staff - from the valet to the desk person - they were extremely friendly and very accommodating. We had traveled to San Francisco from Malibu the day we checked in ... the staff made our transition into the room flawless, gave us directions and tips, all with a wonderful attitude throughout our entire stay. This was true even though when we checked in, we had about 15 minutes to get to a Giants game. This was a great experience and I will highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in San Francisco.	
Aug 9 2007 	Great location	The room: The Orchard Garden Hotel is a boutique hotel, so the rooms are tiny. However, the rooms are very clean and utilize the small space. The bed is amazing and the flat screen tv with a DVD player is a nice bonus. The only thing that I did not like about the room was the bathroom door, or lack there of. The &quot;door&quot; is actually a sliding panel that does not completely shut all the way. The breakfast: Free breakfast is included each morning. The breakfast choices include huge croissants, delicious scones and muffins, fruit, bagels, cold ham cuts, cheese, hard boiled eggs, cereals, juice, and coffee. The scones, croissants, and muffins were all quality and similar to those you would find at a nice pastry shop.The location: What a great location! You are right next to the Grant Avenue entrance to China Town. You are a few blocks from shopping at Union Square. You are approximately 3/4 a mile from Coit Tower and approximately 1 mile from the Embarcadero. We walked to dinner each night and found great restaurants in China Town, Little Italy, and North Beach. There were plenty of Muni bus stops in walking distance and the BART and Muni underground were four blocks away. We called &quot;511&quot;, which is free if you call from the bay area, which allows you to speak with someone who will tell you what bus route to take to certain places and where the bus picks you up. We easily took the bus to the Golden Gate Park, the Presidio, the Golden Gate Bridge, and AT&amp;T Park. You are in walking distance to many restaurants, coffee shops, and retail stores. However, many of the restaurants close by 10:00 pm. If you are a late night diner, then try Chinatown. Overall: I will definitely stay at this hotel again and recommend it to my friends and family. For $179 a night, the hotel is a deal. The location is perfect for those who want to explore the city.	
Aug 8 2007 	pleasant stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel!!	Just returned from a three night weekend stay at the Orchard Garden. It was a pleasant experience. The room cost $250.00 a night with AAA discount. The hotel is located close to shopping, restaurants, Starbucks, trolley stops and Union Square. It is a &quot;Green Hotel.&quot; The rooms were nice and clean, if a bit on the small size. Nice bath products in the bathroom. We traveled with our two children ages 7 and 5. The hotel has free dvd's to rent and our kids watched a couple a movies while we were there on the room's plasma television. There was a complimentary breakfast each morning that was pretty good. There were muffins, bagels, and assorted breads along with fruit and cereal. We ate breakfast across the street at Cafe De La Presse one morning and spent 50 bucks for some pancakes and eggs. Frankly, the hotel breakfast was just as good and didn't cost us anything. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful with tips for getting around the city. At the front desk, a young man named Quinn was very friendly and always willing to answer any questions we might have had. All in all, it was a good decision to stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel. We will definitely be back.	
Jul 26 2007 	Great Hotel.....	Great Location...Brand New Hotel @ $179 per night for Fri/Sat stay....Friendly Staff.....Flat screen TV.....Had a fantastic stay and look forward to returning in the future....Staff was very helpful.	
Jul 5 2007 	Excellent Choice	We spent 4 nights in the Orchard Garden in June and can highly recommend it. When we arrived our booking (made in April via Orbitz) was not on the system, however, this did not impact our checkin and once I produced the booking confirmation from Orbitz we were checked in within minutes. We found the staff to be friendly, helpful and efficient.The rooms are very comfortable and we thought them to be a good size. As mentioned previously the beds are very comfortable and the room is kept spotlessly clean.Breakfast is included and the homemade scones are not to be missed. Free internet access is also available which is another bonus.The hotel is in an excellent location and I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 24 2007 	best beds ever	Great location for walking the city. Wonderful beds and a environmentally conscience hotel.	
Jun 20 2007	LOVED the Orchard Garden Hotel	This was my second stay that the Orchard Garden Hotel after many happy stays at the parent property, The Orchard. I could not have been happier - the service was impeccable, the room decor soothing and the location is about as good as it gets. And, knowing that everything about the hotel is &quot;green&quot; impressed me all the more. SF needs more hotels like the Orchard Garden!	
May 27 2007 	Quickly becoming the worst kept secret in SFO	OK so the room rates are outrageous for the luxurious shoe boxes, but the Orchard Garden Hotel is unlikely to remain a well kept secret for much longer. 5 day stay in mid May for medical conference. Location is just OK - about 15 min walk to the convention center but suitably out of the way of the main convention hotels to be perfect. Much of the decor and facilities described in other reviews are as good as their billing. The environmentally sound hotel management and facilities represent a paradigm shift and for which the OG will clearly serve as role model. Highlights are: great bed, wireless internet, small though highly functional workout room. Generally helpful and well informed staff who are well versed in the important role that energy efficiency and environmentally sound spaces will play in future cityscapes.I will definitely stay her e again on a future trip  if one can even get a reservation!Hold them to $270 a night tops  AAA helps.	
May 18 2007 	white fluffy duvet + aveda shampoo=heaven	My husband and I stayed here 4 nights while he was in San Francisco for a conference. The hotel is very pretty and not very large, which we liked. It has a homey, yet elegant feel the moment you walk in.Our room was definitely on the small side, but nicely decorated. The bed was extremely comfy, with a fluffy white duvet on top. And the bathroom supplied Aveda bath products (which if you're a girl, you know that's special).The room came with a continental breakfast every morning. There was delicious fruit and yummy pastries in a very nice dining area.The best part of this hotel is the location though. It's literally on the corner of the entrance to Chinatown. I was able to walk around by myself, have lunch, do some shopping while the husband was at his conference. Not to mention it was 2 blocks (granted 2 blocks up hill) from a cable car stop that leads to fisherman's wharf. And if you walk all the way through Chinatown (about 20 minutes), you'll arrive at North Beach, which is filled with outstanding Italian restaraunts.So stay here! It's beautiful, eco friendly, and just lovely.	
May 17 2007 	great stay at the Orchard Garden	I traveled to San Francisco for the first time in November, 2006, with my 13 year old daughter for a rite of passage trip, just the two of us. Booked our hotel on the internet. After endless searching, the choices were many, made reservations at a different place. Looked some more and luckily decided to make a change and go green. Cancelled our previous hotel and booked in the Orchard Garden. We got a good rate because the hotel was still under construction. My daughter and I arrived after a long day of travel, and the Orchard Garden was to be our &quot;oasis&quot; for our 4 night stay. It was convenient, gracious, serene, very sleek and clean, and all around great! We both slept as well in the hotel beds as we did at home. The bathroom was spacious and nice to use. What I loved most was the air exchange system...no need to feel closed in and stuffy, with windows I couldn't open like in most hotel rooms. The air in the room was fresh and the thermostat system easy to use so we were comfortable in the day and slept cool at night. All the people who worked there were helpful and friendly. My daughter and I felt welcome and safe.I wish we could have experienced the restaurant and rooftop garden, but they weren't done yet. Even with construction work durng the day, our room was perfect. Actually wish we could have had more time to luxuriate in our wonderful room.Walking around town I stopped by the hotel we almost stayed at. It looked nice, but big with lots of hustle and bustle. The Orchard Garden was personable and quiet. I hope to return to San Francisco someday and would love to be able to stay in the Orchard Garden again. I recommend it to anyone.	
May 15 2007 	Gem at the Gates of China Town	After a long flight from HI, we checked in late at the Orchard Garden. The staff was very nice, check in was a breeze. Since we hadn't had dinner yet, we asked if anything was open to serve at 9:30 p.m. Turns out there is a restaurant inside the hotel, called Roots, that was excellent!! The room was very comfortable. The bed just right and perfect for a good nights rest. The honor bar was affordable.The location was the best. The gates to China Town were right next door. We appreciate that the owner of the hotel made this a &quot;green&quot; hotel, specifically for guests with medical problems, using chemical free cleaning products. We loved this hotel and would definitely stay there again!	
May 15 2007 	Green with happiness!	This was a last minute change. We were going to originally stay where our family was at the Stanford Court, but moved here for a better rate. I'm a native to the city, and wanted my visit back home to be less Union Square-y.First, I've stayed at their sister property, The Orchard, and thought that's where I had booked this reservation. I was scared when I realized it wasn't, but my fears were unwarranted. This place is beautiful. All the rooms are green: organic cleaning products, recycle bins, key-card electric, etc. I loved it. The beds are super comfy with plush comforters, flat panel TV's, free wireless, iHome alarm clocks for your iPod, Aveda products...all you can want.I had a small issue at their free breakfast, which consists of fresh baked goods (croissants the size of your foot, seriously), fruit, awesome coffee and sliced meat, and they quickly made it right, sending a lovely bottle of wine to our room. The rooftop patio is a nice place to unwind after walking all day. If you're looking for large rooms, a thousand employees, 34 elevators and groups of tourists blocking the doors, look elsewhere. If you want a good SF experience, in walking distance to Union Square, FiDi, Muni, BART and everything else, check this place out.	
Apr 30 2007 	A Wonderful Find	We just got back from a terrific vacation in San Francisco. The wonderful service and value from the Orchard Garden Hotel added to our vacation experience. The hotel is centrally located, within easy walking distance to China Town, Union Square, shopping, restaurants, and the BART subway system. The hotel is very modern, clean, and has terrific service. We'll be coming back for more.	
Apr 22 2007 	Wonderful family stay	Our family of four recently stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel April 17-19. After doing extensive research on Trip Adivsor, I booked this hotel as one of our stops during our Spring Break road trip. We had a fabulous stay. Loved this wonderful property. The employees, the service, the cleanliness and the wonderful rooms were all a pleasure. The breakfast worked well for all of us. Something for everyone including two kids. The location was perfect and we could not find fault with a thing. Looking forward to staying at the Orchard Garden Hotel the next time we visit San Francisco!	
Apr 21 2007 	Amazing location totally new affordable price.	I recently came back from a 5 night stay at the hotel during a conference. I specifically looked for a place which was both in walking distance from the Moscone Center, yet still far away from Powell street (and some of its dodgy inhibitants during night).The Orchard Garden was perfectly located on the entrance to China Town, 10 minutes from the conference center, and to my surprise - it was brand new!The room was great, and so was the complimentary WiFi connection and breakfast.I highly recommend this hotel, at least until they realize how low they are priced ($169 a night) compared with similar other places...	
Apr 11 2007 	Great stay at the Orchard Garden!	We just got back tonight from a 4 night stay at the Orchard Garden Hotel. Everything was great! The room and hotel was brand new, so everything was clean and fresh. The staff was very helpful and cooperative. (However, if you are expecting luxury treatments such as staff carrying your luggage for you, etc, don't count on it - we dragged ours up and down by ourselves!) One extra bonus which we really found helpful was the complimentary European buffet breakfast, full of fresh fruit, juices, coffee, homemade scones, muffins, toast, croissants, ham, cheese, etc. The location was fine, near all the shopping at Union Square, and if you are into it, it is right next to the China town gate. They also have complimentary usage of high speed computers for their guests, so you don't have to lug along your laptop. The hotel is brand new and all the kinks have not been worked out. At 4:00am we were awakened by a drill in which we all had to run down the stairs-it turned out to be a false alarm! This was the only major inconvenience since we were on the 8th floor, and had to run down all those stairs, and I have a bad knee. When I complained to the management, they comped us for the night, which was totally unexpected. All in all, we are accustomed to staying in the finest of hotels(usually the major chains), but this suited us just fine. We will definitely stay there again and highly recommend it!!!	
Apr 10 2007	A Gem of a Hotel in San Francisco	We decided to try one of the new, smaller boutique hotels in San Francisco. We usually stay at the larger, chain hotels (read Hyatt). The Orchard Garden hotel on Bush Street is a &quot;green&quot; hotel that we discovered on the internet. We reserved a two-day stay taking advantage of their &quot;Park and Shop&quot; special. It was a great deal for us, since we had a car to get around the City and were not thrilled at the thought of paying $35 per day just for parking. The package included parking and a great European buffet breakfast. The room was compact but very clean, efficient and &quot;green.&quot; We applaud them for their efforts to conserve the environment. The staff was always courteous and accommodating and ready to help with directions, suggestions and such. We enjoyed our stay there and definitely will return.	
Apr 2 2007	Green and Great	They make a big deal of being the first LEEDs hotel in SF. I'm not sure exactly what it means except that the hotel is environmentally friendly. This is just a feel good bonus. The hotel is excellent whether it's green blue or brown. Flat screen Tv's were a nice surprise and some interesting elements such as the sliding bathroom door and the power killing key card. The hotel had that new freshness about it. The restaurant was excellent and the location couldn't be beat. A short and relatively flat walk to shopping. China Town was just around the corner. The front desk staff did a great job of stirring me to a not to tourisy Chineese Restaurant in China Town.	
Mar 22 2007 	Loved the Orchard Garden!!	My husband and I loved the Orchard Garden Hotel and would definitly recommend it!! It was new, very clean, and had a lot to offer for a reasonable price. Great location!! - everything was right outside our door....chinatown, union square shopping, cable cars. We were able to walk to everything. Great breakfast included, with fresh fruits, awesome home made scones, coffee, granola. The staff was very polite. We arrived late at night, very tired, and they immediately came out to get our bags, and valet our car. Check in/check out was fast. Staff offered us directions for our drive home. Very comfortable rooms with flat screen, mini fridge was stocked with everything, very clean spacious bathrooms. Nice Aveda products in bathroom too! The bed was sooo comfortable! We will absolutely stay here again on our next trip to San Fran. Quiet hotel. (The hotel restaurant was good, but pricey and not a huge menu selection.)	
Feb 27 2007	Orchard Garden Hotel not quite Above Average	Newly openned in San Francisco, the Orchard Garden Hotel is really nothing special. It is in an excellent location, right down the street from the gates to Chinatown. I arrived on Superbowl Sunday-no TV in a lounge to watch the game I went and purchased a few things to enjoy the game in my room. I went to stock the empty mini refrigerator only to find it did not work. I did get switched to another room, but only after 45 minutes of haggling. The room they switched me to was smaller. Ok fine, so I watch the game, had a couple of beers. All is ok. I had also purchased some different cheeses I kept in the refigerator as well. I came back to my room day 2 and all of the contents that I had in the refigerator was sitting on the desk! Cheese of course spoiled and beer and soda no longer cold. I expressed my disappointment in how that was handled, only to hear that the vendor they hired to stock the mini refrigerator was responsible and that they were sorry. No offer to compensate for anything.On a positive note, the breakfast in the morning was very enjoyable. Fresh fruit, cereal, rolls, juice and coffee. The customer service I feel was poor.	
Feb 26 2007 	Orchard Garden Hotel is great	I had the pleasure of staying at the Orchard Garden Hotel on February 8, 2007. The Hotel location is excellant - Union Square, shops restaurant and cable cars at your doorstep. Chinatown nearby as well. Rooms are very comfortable with king beds, marble bath and nice bath amenities. Bar and restaurant are top of the line. Excellent cocktails, food was delcious with a large choice on the menu. Best part is the staff who make the perfect combination of professional, courteous and friendly. Included in the rate is breakfast in the cheery dining room. Cold breakfast buffet with something to please everyone. Very important feature of this new Hotel, is it is rated as a green hotel. 95 percent of the building materials are recycled. Was very surprised to learn that the attractive sheer curtains were actually made from recycled plastic bottles ! Stay at a wonderful hotel and help save the planet while you are at it.	
Feb 26 2007	loved this hotel	I stayed one night at this hotel. It is in a great location at the edge of chinatown, between the financial district and union square shopping area in San Francisco. The rooms are very nice, bathrooms are large. Flat screen tv's with DVD players. Beds are very comfortable. They have a business center and small gym.Roots restaurant is excellent. A group of 10 of us ate there and everyone loved their meals.Staff is young, energetic and very nice. I would definately stay here again.	
Feb 19 2007 	Great location clean quiet.	My sweetheart and I just spent last week at the Orchard Garden Hotel. The location is great, and within walking distance to many of the city's tourist sights. Coming from a small, very quiet town I was concerned about the noise level at the hotel. I was very happy about how very quiet the hotel was, even on the eve of Chinese New Year and the firecrackers that were going off. The staff was professional but still very friendly. Breakfast was a bit spotty, get there early as the scones are worth it and the coffee is good (and I am picky about coffee). The room was a bit small, (I would have liked to have 2 sitting chairs) but the good size bathroom made up for it. Everything is new and clean, no old smoke smells. I would recommend it, we already have plans to return.	
Feb 18 2007 	Good find great bed		
Feb 17 2007 	Great hotel wonderful staff		
Feb 6 2007 	for me not as good as the parent hotel the orchard		
Jan 25 2007 	Fantastic Location Great new property		
Jan 19 2007	disppointing		
Jan 14 2007 	Pretty rough around the edges but the location is perfect		
Dec 25 2006 	Great location but not ready yet.		
Dec 18 2006 	good hotel will likely be great soon!		
Nov 30 2006	Budget Minded Choice		
Nov 26 2006 	Yet a work in process		
Nov 17 2009 	... grner gehts kaum.		
Nov 3 2009 	a conseiller		
Nov 1 2009 	Sehr sauberes und zentrales Hotel		
Oct 20 2009 	Ottima posizione e ottimo hotel		
Sep 14 2009 	Promessa mantenuta		
Aug 27 2009 	Valeur sure		
Jun 4 2009 	Ecolo		
May 31 2009 	Sehr gut!		
Apr 19 2009 	Ecolo		
Jan 5 2009 	Superbe htel		
Oct 14 2008 	Super Hotel - wir kommen wieder		
Sep 5 2008 	ottimo!!		
Aug 28 2008 	ottimo		
Apr 23 2008	Rserver ds maintenant!		
