Oct 12 2009 	Clean low budget hotel in good location	I was looking for a cheap central place to spend a week. At a weekly rate of around $ 250 this market street location was a good choice. On the same side of market street with recommended restaurants &quot;home&quot; and &quot;zuni&quot; it is close to also zagat-approved burger-joint &quot;burgermeister&quot; (meaning mayor in german) and a 24hour giant safeway. Do not be fooled by the carpet on first floor - it is rather awful but the worst part of this place. My room on 1st floor all the way in the back (room 21?) was clean, quiet and recently touched over with paint. As are bathrooms and showers - clean and recently painted. TV was there and working okay if not brilliant, and there is supposed to be free wifi internet access - though not working at the time. But there is free access at the safeway - around the clock!So go there and enjoy your stay!	
May 5 2009 	Shameful treatment of a guest!	I made a reservation for a client on April 29th for a 1-week stay starting April 30th. The female who answered the phone assured me there were rooms available, quoted the rate and took my credit card info. When I arrived with my client to check-in, the same woman (I’m certain) took one look at him and said they never took a reservation and were full. My client is mildly intellectual challenged and has a speech impediment that makes it difficult to understand him, but is clean, sober, friendly and completely able to care for himself. The woman, who identified herself as the owner, said that maybe some unknown person answered their phone and took the reservation and my credit card info, and it was my fault for not asking for a confirmation number. It was obvious to me that she made a quick negative judgment based on my client’s presentation. I plan to file a discrimination suit against the hotel.	
Apr 19 2009 	Cheap and centrally located--how much time are you going to spend in your hotel in San Francisco anyway?	We decided to stay here because of the great weekly rate. Service was great and loved the location--we ate at a creperie super close by every morning. Don't go there for the ambience, but there's plenty of that at the many places to visit and see in the heart of the Castro! The communal bathrooms were very clean and right across the hall from our room. After sightseeing all day, we fell asleep as soon as our heads hit the pillow~~so why spend a ton on the various amenities usually found at hotels?	
Oct 21 2008 	There's nothing glamourous about Twin Peaks - that's the point!	Myself and a friend stayed at the Twin Peaks hotel for two of our five nights in San Francisco. We were keen to stay in the Castro but didn't book in advance - this would be advised if you were looking to stay somewhere more charming or expensive as the area gets very busy at weekends - we tried four or five places that where all unavailable before finding Twin Peaks. The guy at reception (we presume the owner) was friendly and helpful after some proprietors in other hotels weren't, so we were made happy. We were offered two rooms for what we would have paid for one at other locations, but we decided to stick with just one anyway ($59 per night plus tax).The room was basic and out of date, but for that price we weren't expecting much else. It was very clean (and was cleaned during the day to a high standard). Communal showers aren't ideal, but they're in individual rooms which we found fine. This hotel aint the Ritz and is never going to be - but it is clean and its location is a winner (30 seconds from Church station and right in the heart of the Castro). It's perfect for travellers on a budget who don't spend enough time in a hotel to justify paying big bucks.	
Mar 17 2006	Pas super beau mais propre et pas cher et bien situé		
