Nov 6 2009 	Fantastic value for money	I was a little dubious to stay in this hostel after reading some reviews, but all my concerns were misplaced once I got there. I booked a private room with ensuite, and this is exactly what I got, it was a room on the top floor, a corner room surround by windows, loads of natural light and views of downtown San Francisco , plus a microwave, TV and fridge in the room. The Bathroom had original tiles, and an authentic claw foot bath tub, with original cast iron radiator. Great!I have a feeling that the people who wrote negative review about this place, wanted delta/Fairmont standards but at hostel prices, which is simply not going to happen. You get what you pay for, and I had a fantastic, light airy room with a ton of original features. That was quiet at night, secure and clean to a hostel standard. Yes the room could use a little tender loving care, the bed sheet had a pen mark on them and the shower could use a more consistent stream of hot water, but I paid just under $75 a night for a great little hostel in downtown San Francisco. This place is a real bargain and a gem of a find.	
Nov 5 2009 	Wonderful	This hotel is in such a good location, and the price is very affordable, the free wireless is so cool, there's also breakfast included. The room was very quiet and comfortable, staff is very friendly and helpful	
Jun 29 2009 	Tetanus Shot Needed	This was the worst hotel experience ever! Within 30 minutes after our arrival, they turned the water off during my shower and I was saturated with soap. I could not shower off for the next few hours. They did not have the courtesy to let us know this could be a possibility or really apologize. Secondly, the entry way to the shower had tiny sharp metal pieces coming out of the carpet floor, so very difficult to see. Both my friend and I were jabbed in the foot. At midnight we heard hammering and pounding in the room next to ours. I guess the hotel decided that maintenance is ok to do anytime of the night. I do not recommend me this place, there are other places just as cheap and treat their guests with more consideration.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great value for money	We stayed here for 4 nights while on a trip around california. There is that much to do in San Fran that we weren't in the rooms much so they were perfect for what we wanted, somewhere to sleep. The beds were comfy, rooms were a little small and got a bit hot in the night but they were clean and secure.The location was great, just down the road from union square. Apparently it was on the edge of a bit of a rough area but we saw no touble. Honeyhoney accross the road is excellent for breakfast.The staff were friendly and the only real downside is the unreliability of the lift, we had to take our cases up 3 flights of very narrow stairs!	
Apr 17 2009 	Bad luck?	On a round-California trip, this was our least favourite place to stay, but don’t know if that was down to a bit of bad luck with some shady goings-on outside just after we arrived - two guys being hauled out of a car at gunpoint by the cops. It’s just a block away from a more swanky neighbourhood, so maybe our experience wasn’t so representative. The hotel itself was fine, comfy, conveniently located, and at a good price.	
Mar 2 2009 	A great start to our American adventure	San Francisco was the first stop on our trip to the US in 2008. Without much hassle, we found the Dakota, checked in with ease and made our way up to our room. The elevator was tempremental on occasion, and sometimes the stairs were our only option, but the elevator always made up for it later with it's quirky choice of music.The room itself was great for the price, with our own bathroom and an amazing view of the city, it was perfect for my partner and I. The location was great, being only a few blocks walk from the centre of town, the BART and trams. The staff were friendly, the free breakfast at the Dakota's sister hotel the Adelaide was appreciated, and the free internet in the foyer was handy too.The only downside to the Dakota would have been the noise on the street below - but a few sirens every now and then weren't even enough to detract from what was generally a very good hotel.	
Feb 26 2009 	I would stay at the Dakota again.	I would stay at the Dakota again. We spent two nights at the Dakota in February 2009 and were pleasantly surprised by the bright and clean private room (queen bed/private bath/$80). The amenities included amble towels, refrigerator and microwave. The cable TV had limited channels and the complimentary breakfast (one block away at sister hostel Adelaide) was limited to bagels, rolls, &amp; croissants (some fruit would have been nice), but plentiful. The street, two floors below our room, was a bit noisy one night, but that’s to be expected when located in the heart of S.F. near the theatre district. BART, bus, trolley, and cable car are all within blocks, as is Union Square, Market Street, and Chinatown.	
Nov 22 2008 	Bed bugs!	Do not stay here. I was bitten by bed bugs while staying there. Huge, red welts. Gross.	
Aug 19 2008 	Not too bad	I stayed at the Dakota but did the booking with the Adelaide Hostel, which is apparently the sister hotel. When we arrived at the hotel, the staff at the reception was ok, a bit cold though. We went to our room using the old elevator, which was tricky to use (BE careful with your fingers !!!!) and not always working so be ready to do some sport to get to your room! The general aspect of the room was all right, furnished with old stuff which gave it a bit of charm. We had a double bed and a single one. It was equipped with a microwave, TV…and a VERY SMELLY fridge. After one EXTREMELY NOISY night, I got bitten by what I thought was a mosquito but maybe it was something else as there were no mosquitoes in the room (Bedbugs???) and spent the following 2 weeks with horrible itchy bites over my face and neck ! My friend who slept in the single bed had a horrible back pain when she woke up.We did have breakfast included but had to do a bit of walking as it is served in the other building (what is called the Adelaide hostel). Fortunately it was not raining!. My boyfriend almost lost one of his fingers when trying to close the door of the bedroom.After 2 days, as I was searching for my hairbrush, I noticed that the room was not so clean as I found lots of bits and pieces that seemed to have been under the bed and between the bed and the wall forever as well as lots of dust …including travel tickets from previous residents!). To conclude, this place is ok if you don´t mind not-so-clean-bedrooms, stinky fridge, Bedbugs, noise. Bring ear plugs and wear boxing Gloves!I will not recommend this hotel to my friends. I went back to San Francisco 2 weeks later and stayed at the Mayflower hotel, which I highly recommend. It is situated in Bush street (see my review).	
Jun 19 2008 	Great value	For the price this is a great value place to stay in San Francisco. You are about 10 minutes walk from Powell Street BART which comes directly from the airport. However I must warn you that you will be going up one of San Francisco's famous hills to get there, so add on another 5 mins if you have much luggage! The hotel is really a hostel, with a friendly lobby with free internet etc. Breakfast is included, though I never made it over to eat it (it's cooked and eathen in a sister hotel about 2 mins walk away). The room was a fairly good size, and I understand that they have various different options in terms of private/shared etc, but mine was a private with bathroom. Free WiFi in the rooms. Location not too bad, felt safe enough coming back to it at night and you can get to the piers by taking the cable car from Powell Street, but rememebr if you are planning on doing much walking around San Francisco be sure to be fit!! The hills are steep! There seemed to be plenty of young travellers staying while I was there, but also some older friendly people, it's the sort of place where you would very easily get into a great conversation while checking your email in the lobby.	
Jun 13 2008 	Great for the price	Hotel was great. Staff very friendly, free internet handy, elevator ancient but great music and very quirky. Everything was quite old, but everything worked and was very clean. Great location to, can definitely recommend.	
Feb 28 2008 	Totally great even my girlfriend liked it!	We are a couple in late 20s early 30s who are through staying at Hostels, but still need to limit our expenditure, without stooping too low.The Dakota Hotel we found to be a totally acceptable, very reasonaly priced Hotel with a good location. We stayed for 6 nights in February and would not hesitate to stay there again if we go back to San Francisco.The staff on the front desk were very helpful and friendly, and the free wireless broadband and breakfast (just jam on toast) were appreciated immensely. Plus we had a microwave in our room - very handy for making tea, etc.The rooms were clean and quiet, we felt totally safe at all times.It is a little far from the nearest BART station - especially if you have a lot of luggage, but if you know when you're arriving, you can arrange a useful shuttle bus to the hotel which is totally worth the money if you can plan ahead. It is easy to walk to from the Powell Street BART if you don't have much luggage - the area around the Hotel is totally safe.The cable car runs two blocks over, so you can buy a five day ticket and use that to get down to Chinatown, North Beach and the tourist areas if that's your thing.Highly recommended!	
Feb 1 2008 	Affordable San Francisco charm!	We (a couple) felt comfortable returning to the hotel more than once whenever we needed a super affordable place to stay in downtown SF. For the age of the hotel, and considering the sky-high prices of MOST hotels in the area (regardless of age), this was a gem. I haven't seen the place since 2004, but we stayed at least a week once, completely satisfied. I lived in the SF area at the time and knew this was a very reasonable choice. It is located on Post street, which is literally a few blocks from *everything* downtown SF has to offer. Short walk to the famous cable cars (right on top of the BART station coming from SFO airport), Union Square, great places to eat and loads of public transportation. The hotel is also situated at the bottom of nob hill, so there is very little inclination to the streets -- no steep hills to worry about! In most cases, staying in a decent part of downtown or nob hill *will* require hiking up a crazy steep hill to access the place. Not the case with Dakota. Very easy to access! Convenient little markets surrounding the neighborhood for last minute needs also (ATM, late night snacks).The few blocks where Dakota sits is not the most sparkling clean area of downtown, however it is securely located a few streets up from the most sketchy part -- the Tenderloin. I actually lived a few blocks from Dakota and always felt as safe as possible in one of the busiest downtowns in America. Most of SF (outside the million-dollar hoods) is older and a little dirty, but most of it is safe! If you stay on Post Street at the Dakota, just remember to stay away from south of Geary street unless you stick to the main strip Market st. (keep your map open always!!). Blocks in San Francisco are shorter than usual and it is a given that almost anywhere in the city you can literally turn 2 blocks one way into luxury and 2 blocks the other direction into &quot;the ghetto.&quot; You can't let that scare you though because most of SF is like this and the Dakota is in a prime location within the best proximity to everything. Even if you make a wrong turn, there are always people everywhere in SF (usually at all hours) and you can just as easily make a quick turn back out with no problems. Back to the hotel itself. I would definitely recommend it as a place to stay for someone on a budget but not wanting to settle for a shack in the worst part of town. No worries choosing this place. I read several of these reviews for hotels because I travel a lot, and I know it all depends on where you are coming from. If you are used to staying in a royal palace with daily pampering then some places might seem like a dump to you. However, for the average person, this is a clean, charming, safe, affordable place to stay. Btw, there is usually no parking (or hard to find street spots with meters), so best solution is to NOT DRIVE into town, but catch the BART train from the airport, if you are traveling in from out of town. Getting around SF by foot and bus/train is a breeze, no car needed unless you want to go out of town. Our room was clean, bed was comfortable and there is usally a cool little view of the downtown landscape from the window. Some unique little surprises were the birdcage elevator and old fashioned claw foot bath tub. Hallways and rooms are little narrow and carpets are a little older, but honestly, MOST buildings you enter in San Francisco are SMALL, antique and will have older carpeting, walls, etc. This is a long post, but the Dakota is a little gem among places alike in the area. We never had any bed bugs or any problems while staying there. I cant remember problems of any significant street noise, however staying *anywhere* downtown will put you around tons of firetrucks blaring their sirens round the clock. Unless you're rich enough to afford one of the shining modern giant hotels dowtown, or royal historical landmarks up the hill, this is about as good as it gets for staying within budget in the aging, yet charming city of San Francisco.	
Nov 12 2007 	a no frills bargain!	We stayed 5 nights at the Dakota in November 2007. We a private room through the Adelaide Hostel, and found out all their private rooms are at the Dakota before we left on our trip.Maybe it's because I had really low expectations, but I found the Dakota Hotel to be very welcoming and comforable. Sure, it has a few quirks, like the cage elevator that would often bring you down to the basement instead of stopping on the first floor, but overall this was a good place to stay.Our room was pretty clean, although the bathroom had a few SLIGHTLY grungy areas. But, the bed was made every day and we had fresh towels each day. However, don't expect more than just one towel per person. The room was small, but had a closet, so there was plenty of space for luggage. The bathroom sink is on a pedestal, so plan on setting your toiletries on the nightstand instead.Bottom line: if you need an inexpensive place to stay in San Francisco and aren't expecting much, this is the place!!	
Oct 27 2007 	Great quirky historic hotel!	I have to say to all those writing nasty reviews- if you want a five star hotel, then go book one and pay for it. I LOVED the Dakota- it was the best part of my vacation. The location is great, the price was unbelievably low, the staff was just terrific, and the room and bathroom were scrupulously clean. Yes, the rooms are a bit small and old-fashioned, but you also get fun &quot;old San Francisco&quot; benefits like period octagon tile floors and claw foot tubs in the bathrooms, and of course, there's the classic bird-cage elevator. If you want a generic luxury hotel room that you can find in any city, there are plenty of those in S.F. too, but the Dakota is really a unique place. I would go back there any time!	
Aug 21 2007	Cheap and in a good location	Hi,I went to San Francisco in june 2006. We lived at the dakota for 4 days. We were three and only paid 60$ a night. That was extremely cheap for the location, only a short walk from union square.If you want to stay here it is because you are on a tight budget. The hotel is all about price and location. In our room the refrigiator standing right next to the bed was very loud.We had a great time though, we did not travel to San Francisco to sit in our room :-)	
Aug 15 2007 	horrible accomodations	peeling paint, mold, cracks in the walls, appliances not working, dirty bathtub and shower curtain. We made reservations for the Adalaide and we were sent to the Dakota. I would never stay here again or recommend this to anyone.	
Jul 18 2007 	mint	we booked to stay in the adelaide but ended up in the dakota. as there were 3 of us (2 being in a couple) they sorted a room that was a little like a flat, with one bedroom and a double bed in the front room with a kitchenette. for what we paid it couldn't have been better. it was clean, in an ideal location and it was quiet.	
Jun 15 2007 	Bed Bugs	Our room was alright until we were heading out after a few days stay at the Dakota. Everyone that stayed in that room had bites all over which later turned out to be bed bug bites! We were covered in them and still am after leaving the place a week ago! They are terrible! I do not recommend you stay here unless you want to get eaten alive by bed bugs!	
Feb 11 2007 	You get what you paid for	Ok so here's what happened : I booked a twin room 3 months ago at the Adelaide hotel but when we arrived we were told that there wasn't any availability and that we would stay at the Dakota. The guy at the reception couldn't really explain and I didn't understand why the room I got assigned 3 months ago had suddenly turned unavailable, but when I saw the entrance of the Adelaide hotel I took the news as a relief... So we went to the Dakota which is a few meters from the Adelaide. Perfect location next to Union Square, shops and buses, really cheap (70dollars for a twin room and we were given two rooms within one for free). The room had a fridge and a microwave as decoration (they didn't work). The bathroom was in the room and has a tub which was nice even if I dare you to have a bath in it... The carpet on the floor seemed to be there since the 60's but hey, we're not supposed to sleep on the floor. We were happy to be in SFO so we did'nt bother. Everything was looking good so far until we came back at night. Our room was facing Post street so it was kind of noisy all night. The first night I woke up because of the noise on the street, I took a look on my mobile to check the time and I saw a black spot on the sheet right next to my face. I got up to turn the lights on and check what it was : a BEDBUG!!! I took rid of it and check the rest of the bed which was full of hair from previous fellows...The next night I got bitten by something I thought it was a moskito, but maybe the bebugs can bite. I ended up with 6 itchy bites on my body...So to sum up, if you're looking for a nice place to rest, a clean and peaceful environment, then AVOID this hotel. But if you're looking for a cheap alternative to the hotel chains and you don't mind sharing your room with insects, then go for it.	
Dec 30 2006	Character and value	Staying there right now and it does have a lot of character. the rooms are ok and the price is cheap. paying around $75 for a room with two single beds.	
Dec 19 2006 	Terrible	Room was smelly. Lift hardly ever work. had 4 rooms between us and the remotes didnt work in any of them. No proper curtains or blinds in windows. Id rather have sleep in a tent than sleep there again.The kind of place u would be afraid to walk around in your bare feet.	
Nov 28 2006 	Great place!	I went with a friend to San Francisco at the end of August, and stayed at the Dakota for 2 weeks. Those were great 2 weeks. The staff in the reception was friendly and nice, and we liked our room.Our room was on the fourth floor. It had a tv, a mini fridge and a microwave. Everything we needed for a good stay in a hotel. Unless, somebody that stayed there before us had left there dinner in the freezer. We didin't eat it :). The room was kind of small, but since there was a BIG closet where we could put all our things, it didn't bother us - even though we were two girls travelling.We didn't see a single insect at the hotel. Not a cockroach or a fly. And we never felt unsafe in any way.Overall, I would gladly recommend this hotel to someone travelling on a budget. For people like us, 2 girls at 20 years, it's a great place! And it has a great location - just a few steps away from shops like Victoria's secret :)	
Nov 15 2006 	A bit roachy...	Cockroaches live at this hotel. While The Dakota Hotel was, in some ways a good deal for the rate (convenient location, each room has its own bathroom), there were certainly a few serious problems. There were cigarette burns on my blanket, but I was more bothered by the cockroach that I found in my bed on my final night there. Unfortunately, the management's attitude towards this was apathetic and even arrogant. I was assigned a different room by the genuinely helpful man at the front desk (although this was something of a nuisance since I found the cockroach when I woke at 2 in the morning), but so far the manager and owner have refused to offer me any kind of compensatory discount and have not been at all helpful in communicating with me. Overall, as a result of the service I received, I would definitely recommend staying somewhere else. The San Remo hotel has similar rates and seemed nice (I visited it, but decided not to move over there, would stay there next time).	
Sep 4 2006 	A real SF experience!	The hotel is not a ritzy 5 star job, but that's not what we were there for. It has loads of character, the room had a gorgeous bay window, and there was even a claw-foot tub! (in the bathroom).Our room overlooked Post St, and the fire truck noise took a bit of getting used to in the middle of the night, but it just added to the experience.The staff were friendly and helpful too, we'd definitely stay again..we left our hearts there after all!(sorry, couldnt resist being a bit cheesy!):-)	
Aug 6 2006 	Wanted to leave as soon as we got here.	We asked to be moved to a new room as the first one we were given smelt of sewerage and had mould and a rock hard bed. This building is not fire secure. I doubt whether our smoke alarm (for which we had to request batteries be put in) or in room sprinkler system work. There is no fire escape signs on the floors and there is exposed cable and sockets in our room. It is also filthy and most of the furniture needs replacing. A terrible place. We simply couldnt find elsewhere. We did not enjoy this place. We have stayed in hostels and low cost hotels all oevr the world- we do not have high standards!!	
Jul 2 2006	Great Basic Hotel for the Price	My husband and I stayed at the Dakota Hotel from April 22 to 26. We paid just $70 US per night and received a clean king room with TV, microwave and fridge. Also free internet, coffee in the mornings and we left our bags both on arrival and departure with the receptionist. The Dakota Hotel is just two blocks from the Post St. cable car stop of only three blocks from Union Square. San Francisco has excellent public transit and we made use of our seven day pass using the cable cars and buses each day. We were typical tourists and went to Alcatraz Island, Pier 39, Chinatown, Union Square etc. I couldn't have asked for a better location to explore San Francisco from than the Dakota Hotel. The only concern that I had was on the second day we discovered that the bathroom window didn't have a functioning lock and it could not be fixed in a timely manner. The next morning we moved to a different room.	
Apr 28 2006	excellent hotel	Great Price, Great location just a couple of minutes walk fom union square &amp; cable cars.We had junior suite - 2 rooms &amp; bathroom - tidy,clean all appliances worked. We overlooked post street &amp; no real noise except mother in law snoring in other room!Birdcage lift smooth experience must have a go in.Friendly staff, free internet &amp; cofee in reception.10 min walk to China town, felt very safe walking around.Highly recommend Owl Tree bar across road for a late night drink very friendly &amp; relaxing after a long day (Get your mates to log on at theowltree.com to the live Web cam to see you drinking it up) But was closed on Mon/Tue, double check.The Thai place over road and to the right Aroi ... served great food and were friendly too.Try San Franisco Clam ChowderA must do is a Yosemite day trip at the very least, we went with viator through opodo. they pickyou up and drop you off at hotel. (if you do transfers from airport, it is best to know the cross street ie. which streets the hotel is between, it is Mason/Jones as our shuttle hadn't done its homework!)Do Alcatraz too, excellent trip but must book before hand about $16.50 with audio, well worth it - SpookyGo into the Laughing women arcade at fishermans wharf, pay cent's for funWould stay here again, definately!	
Apr 9 2006	Mediocre good location	Room was barely adequate, a little dirty. Remote control for TV didn't work and when I brought it down to the desk the clerk was snotty, said something about what was she, an expert on electronics? All I was asking for were new batteries! Otherwise the service was adequate and not especially helpful. The bathroom sink was leaking very badly and it took a day to fix it and repeated requests. Street noise is very bad and the elevator is quaint but difficult to open, at least for me, a woman, especially with bags. There are no amenities, no coffee, and the lobby is small and dingy. The price, $60, was okay for the location (close to Union Square and on the edge of the Tenderloin which has some very poor and mentally ill people sleeping in the street) but I wouldn't stay here again.	
Mar 30 2006	Elevator 	This is my first review for Trip Advisor. I am an artist and strive to travel cheaply and stay in cool, artsy places which is why I initially picked this hotel. I lived most of my life in the Bay Area and went to art school in S.F. I have to agree with the person who gave this one star. I was in San Francisco for a few days to visit my family and did not want to stay with them. My room was bare bones ( no art- a sadnote for this bohemian artist) and FREEZING! no HEAT! I stayed at the beginning of March and I called the front desk to ask them nicely if I could have an extra blanket and told them ( NICELY!) there was no heat in my room. The person at the front desk refused to give me a blanket and said someone would fix the heat- well they didn't. I wore my clothes including long underwear and my long winter coat and lay in bed frozen to the bone. I felt awful the next day. The televison set in the room did not work AT all but I did not even mention this to the hotel staff. I am giving this hotel 2 stars instead one out of fairness to a few things which include The old fashioned cage metal elevator is VERY cool- I felt like I was on the set of LAST TANGO IN PARIS AND very cool bar called the OWL TREE ( I don't drink but it's worth a trip) directly across the street. paintings, sculptures, dioramas etc. of Owls. The decor of the owl lounge is pure kitsch 70s a la Quentin Tarantino- just go. Also the hotel is a few blocks from Union Square- a great location but borders on the Tenerloin so you will be harassed by street people for money. I advise you to bypass going to the famed SEARS FINE FOODS restaurant on Powell Street - a tourist mecca. I paid $20 with tip for lousy pancakes, coffee and bacon. I notice many small hotels near my hotels NOT advertised on Tripadvisor but did not have the time to check them out.	
Feb 27 2006	Location great price better	The Dakota is not a $250 a night hotel so do not compare it with those hotels. 8 of us stayed in this hotel booking both the suites (and no, there were no stained ameneties etc like one reviewer has written). The rooms were clean and functional and at $90 a night for the suite split between 4 people it is shared dorm bed in a hostel prices. Obviously with 4 people it is &quot;cosy&quot;, but you are 5 mins walk from Union Sq and frankly I only go to the room to sleep. At this price you have more money to spend on seeing things around the city. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 8 2006	Top Flop	The Dakota is the perfect base to explore San Fran. It's cheap, cheerful and has a certain amount of bohemian vibe running through it.Only 2 blocks from Union Square this little gem will not disappoint.$40 for a room and bath can't be bad and it's not. Friendly front desk with free coffee in the morning.A traditional birdcage elevator just adds to the place.I'll be back.	
Jan 6 2006	I'd rather sleep in the streets...	I was extremely disappointed to find out that my trip to the Dakota Hotel was unlike other reviewer's visits. From the reviews from past guests, the cost and location of the hotel, I expected my stay at the Dakota would be a pleasant one. In actuality, because of the Dakota, my new years eve plans were ruined. Even with a booking confirmation, my party was denied a room. It turns out they lost our reservation. The customer service at the front desk staff was horrible, he offered to &quot;watch my bags while I walk up and down Post street to find another hotel.&quot; Our friends stayed at the Dakota and when we visited their room, the lost reservation may have been a blessing. The &quot;suite&quot; they reserved consisted of dingy and stained amenities. The bathroom was completely rusted and one of the external doors does not lock so anyone can just walk into your room.If you do decide to stay here despite the uncleaniness, make sure you call the hotel in advance to make sure they actually save you a room. My advice spend a little more money and stay at a nicer hotel.	
Nov 18 2005	Dakota-oldie but a goodie	I was in San Francisco for a weekend and booked two nights at the Dakota. The location is perfect. It's an old hotel but kept up pretty good. Staff was friendly. Room was clean. I strongly recommend bringin earplugs because it gets very loud in the morning when traffic starts.	
Oct 17 2005	Absolutely loved The Dakota	The Dakota is a great place to stay! The location (corner of Post and Taylor) cannot be beat. We had a junior suite for $80 per night. It was perfect for two girls traveling together. We stayed for just a weekend (10/14-10/16) but had a great time. You can easily walk to Union Square, shopping, night clubs, restaurants, etc. We felt very safe in this area, even coming home at 3:30 a.m.We were in room 806 (top corner of the building) in a junior suite. This was a great room as there was no one above us and the way our room was situation no one adjacent to us. We heard no noises from other guests unless they were in the hallway. We did hear traffic noises up from Post, but that’s expected in a large city.The junior suite consisted of a main room which connected to the secondary bedroom with a hallway. The main bedroom was decent size with a double bed (extremely comfy at that). There was a small table with 2 chairs near the 2 windows. The room also had 2 night stands, a tv, a mini-fridge, microwave and double-door large wall closet. The windows were not dual pane so I’m guessing that’s why you hear so much noise from the street even on the 8th floor. The windows opened fully and you could even step out onto the fire escape but we didn’t. The main bedroom also had a ceiling fan which helped to provide ventilation for the room. Then down the hall toward the secondary bedroom was the door leading to the 8th floor hallway and across from that the door to the bathroom. The bathroom was pretty small. There was a pedestal sink with small shelf above it and medicine cabinet. The mirror on the cabinet was tarnished and hard to see in. The only other mirror was behind the fridge in the main bedroom. The bathroom had a claw foot tub and shower unit. The shower was temperamental with the water temp. The toilet was very close to the tub and if you sat straight on the toilet your knees hit the tub. The towels, however, were extremely white and fluffy and refreshing. The secondary bedroom was small and had a double bed, tv, the phone, an operable window, a nightstand, and a small wall closet. It was cozy. This was a great set up for the two of us.The staff is very nice and helpful. Staff were at the front desk 24 hours a day. They also had lots of great brochures, maps and info. Make sure to get one of the maps they have because it was the best one we used. Also, next door is a mini-mart with anything you could want. The man running the store was very friendly but needed a shower. We had breakfast one morning across the street at a place called Cali and it was very good and the service was excellent. Then one night we had dinner at a Thai place that’s on the same side of the street as The Dakota (turn right out of the hotel) and a block up. It was very good and good service and prices.We managed to hit 2 night clubs. Friday night we went to The Cellar (it’s walking distance near the corner of Taylor and Sutter) and they had 80’s night Friday and it was awesome. All sorts of people were there. Bartenders were very nice and the crowd was friendly. We closed the place down. We went there again Saturday night but after an hour they started playing hip hop (which we don’t care for) and we left. We went to Ruby Skye (also in walking distance on Mason). They had guest dj Richard Vission who was very good. Ruby Skye is open until 4am and the main room plays house music. It was a great crowd, again with all sorts of people and ages. This place is huge. It was always easy to get a drink. Upstairs they had an indoor smoking lounge. And you can look down on the crowd dancing on the main floor from the balcony above. This was my second time here and I’d go again for sure.All in all The Dakota is a great place to stay if you like convenience, character, and economy. The hotel was built in 1914 and you can tell by the architectural details and retrofitting and age of some of the finishes and furnishings, but that just adds to the charm and character and experience of staying here. If you have to have your marble bathroom vanities and shiny modern furniture this is not the place for you. I would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 13 2005	Taylor made hotel	This is a great inexpensive hotel, on the corner of Taylor and Post streets, for any stay in San Fran. I stayed 5 nights as a single traveller. I had a nice room, clean and well appointed. The en suite was fine, quite big with a bath doubling up as a shower. The hotel staff were very friendly and cheerful. There was plenty of brochures etc, and coffee in the morning. The only slight fault would be noise from Post St in the morning. The windows don't seem to be very well sealed. However, this didn't really bother me at all. The birdcage elevator is an experience and very entertaining, not something you can say about most elevators. The hotel is in an excellent location, 4 minutes from Union Square and on a very safe block. There was occasionly one or two homeless people around, but there was no hint of trouble. Homelessness is quite prevalent in San Francisco and you won't find any street without one or two. However there was no problems or hassle from then in my experience and I certainly wouldn't say that it was a negative influence on what is a fantastic city and well worth visiting. For $56 a night, I couldn't have asked for much more.	
Jul 20 2005	Unique and lovely.	Me &amp; my boyfriend stayed here for a week in early July, we both thought that the location was excellent &amp; in a very good area of San Francisco.The room was very plesant &amp; it had a fridge &amp; microwave which was extremely useful.The hotel has a very western, cowboy feel to it, it is unique &amp; i liked it very much.If anyone is looking for an affordable hotel in the heart of San Francisco i would recommend it.	
Jun 4 2005	Great value!	We got a room for $50 a night. Incredible value! The hotel is approximatley 2 blocks from Union Square, on Post St. We were in the middle of the busiest part of town, for a great rate. We were able to hop on all the public transpo options due to our great location.The room is small, but IMO very doable, especially for the price in San Francisco. The claw-footed bathtub looked cool, but we didn't partake in taking a bath...who knows how often they clean it? The bathroom was way small, and I felt a little disgusted in there after I took a shower, since the small-tiled floor would get all grimy...Microwave, fridge, TV. Upon arriving, we discovered that the sink was clogged and a lightbulb was missing. They fixed that within the hour. Noise doesn't really bother me, but for others it may...it can get noisy. The most common noise, I would say, is that of the firetrucks that whir by non-stop.I definitely recommend it.	
May 19 2005	Great for the money	I just got back from the Dakota (mid-May). The room was small-ish, but not oppressively so and similar to most small European hotels. Perfectly acceptable by my single guy standards. The bed was comfy, there was a working fridge, microwave, TV and remote. The bathroom was good, with an old-school tub with feet, like when I was a kid. Too bad I couldn't enjoy the shower too much with my horribly-bad sunburn (damn you LA!). I was on the 6th floor facing Post and it was somewhat noisy, which I'm used to at home and I came prepared with earplugs. By midnight or so, though, it quiets down. But that's the price you pay for the location, which is quite good. Yeah there's homeless people, but they're harmless (in my opinion) and if you just treat them like a human its not too bad. I didn't give out a dime besides buying one of their papers, and I had some interesting conversations at that. Maybe its cause I'm a young guy but I had no problems, even at night (just don't go much more south). The elevator is unreliable, but fun. You're in San Francisco and if you're not in the mood for quirks then you're in the wrong town. The deskstaff are very helpful and friendly and you can leave you bags in the lobby while you enjoy your last day. The missing circle in the recommendation represents the noise inside the hotel itself, mostly in the morning (renovation on my floor as well as happy but somewhat loud maid service in the hallways) along with general bad lighting in the room at night, which was only an issue due to my sunburn and medical attention that was hampered by it. But in all I'd stay here again no doubt, considering the price. I have no real complaints, nothing that couldn't be solved by talking to the deskstaff. It felt like a room I was renting in someone's home in Europe. That's a good thing. The third photo here is my view out of my window. The fourth is just an interesting shot of coit tower, not the view.	
Apr 26 2005	Good for price... thats it	When me and some relatives decided to visit San Fransico, we planned on staying a night in SF and then going to San Jose where my brother lives. The hotel itself was nice, except for the unreliable elevator. My brother almost lost a limb trying to get out of it because it started moving while we were trying to get out. This hotel is not for little kids because the steep stairs, the unreliable elevator, open windows (on the inside) that open into an old elevator shaft where if a child was to crawl on the window, they would possibly fall to their death. Noise wasnt that bad, but I sleep with a fan on high at home. Certain things annoyed me about the hotel though, such as the fact that the staff gave us ----- directions, didn't tell us we were on the street that the Chinese New Year parade would go down and that fridge wouldn't work, the telephone wouldn't work, and there were no batteries in the TV remotes. But I can't really gripe... we got a discount on two &quot;Suites&quot; (if thats what they call that little box of a room, since my used her husbands Southwest Airlines discounts. Also, don't go out at night unless you feel like being asked for change. Other than that, its a half-decent hotel for the money.	
Mar 12 2005	Great Hotel. Stay Here		
Dec 12 2004	Excellent for the budget minded		
Aug 24 2004	Excellent deal		
Aug 12 2004	Good value for money but noisy		
Jul 23 2004	The Dakota Hotel - Clean and Cheap!		
Jun 29 2004	Dakota - way to go!		
May 5 2004 	Had a Very Nice Stay at a Good Price		
Mar 10 2004	Great Location But Traffic is Noisy		
Dec 2 2003	Very Old But Cool For Us		
Sep 21 2003	dont stay at this hotel		
Sep 21 2003	buon hotel a San Francisco		
Sep 10 2008 	moquette dégueu séjour radieux!		
Oct 9 2007 	Bettwanzen		
Sep 18 2007 	Relativ günstig aber das wars auch schon.....		
Apr 10 2006	An awful hotel in downtown		
