	Charming and relaxed.	Had a wonderful stay at the Inn at the Opera! Located across from City Hall and a nice walk to Union Square. The decor was charming and quaint, yet updated and classy. Service was excellent.	
	Charming and lovely!	A charming and lovely hotel, with a few minor glitches. First, my room proved to be rather noisy: I was awakened nearly every morning as my neighbors showered! I couldn't believe how loud the sound of water in the pipes was!!!!! The real problem, though was an inattentive concierge, who spent more time on what sounded like very personal calls before looking up to see people waiting for things she could have helped with.	
	LOVE the Inn at the Opera!	We recently spent a few nights at the perfectly situated Inn At The Opera in San Francisco. It is a small hotel right across the street from the stage door at the gorgeous San Francisco Opera. Just a short walk from wonderful restaurants and shops, is is a great location to stay in San Francisco. We rented a car this time, determined to figure out the driving, and being right in the Civic Center made it so easy to get around. Tiny lobby, big hearted staff, we loved the guy who parked our car and took care of us, the delightful concierge who printed out a huge list of vintage shops for me and the woman who made up for the tiny rooms we too big people complained about... We are looking for our next trip there, to catch the music, the vitality and most of all, the joy of Inn At the Opera. It was fun...and we are two older, somewhat handicapped seasoned travelers.	
	Had a great stay	The staff was very friendly and accomadating. The hotel is a bit worn but very clean and charming. Rooms are a bit small, but adequit. The location is outstanding if you are in San Francisco for a performance or in Hays Valley for other reasons.	
Nov 19 2009 	Thank You!	The email we sent (today) to Javier Hernandez, the Inn at the Opera's manager, regarding our recent visit:Good Morning Javier,We just completed a 9 day stay at your property (room 77) and want to express our thanks and gratitude for the wonderful customer service from your staff. When we arrived on Saturday, Nov 7, the Ballet room that Romeo had confirmed us in was not yet available so we had room 28 for the night. The next day we were relocated to room 77 and, while we were out, all our belongings were moved up to that room. We want to say an extra special thank you to Betty from Housekeeping. She was wonderful on Saturday &amp; Sunday when we arrived and transitioned to our new room. Throughout our stay she would always stop by and say hello while we were having breakfast. You are fortunate to have such a friendly and helpful person on your staff. The front desk staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome and always addressed us by name, adding a very personal touch.It is rare these days to experience such consistent customer service and obviously Inn at the Opera is getting it right!Thank you!	
Nov 8 2009 	great hotel	The service was excellent at this hotel: staff very helpful and extremely friendly. Room was a bit on the smaller side but considering the location and the very reasonable price for downtown it was completely acceptable! Breakfast buffet included fresh fruit and good &quot;continental&quot; assortment.	
Oct 26 2009 	Missed the mark on every count	This is the third time we have stayed at the Inn at the Opera. Each time reservation was made on their website with a follow-up phone call to verify because the process is not easy and confirmation is often not forthcoming. This time, for a ten day stay I reserved an Opera Suite (their largest), I called (in June for an October stay) and was assured the reservation was in place. Upon arrival, the only room available was the smallest one! Bummer to be in a tiny room for 10 days!! Then we noticed the room was not being cleaned well. We were informed that our rate only included making the bed (not cleaning the bathroom?). Right, not cleaning the bathroom or anything else for that matter! There were no such notations on the website, nor did I particularly ask for a discounted or limited service rate. We are very disappointed and won't be coming back!!	
Aug 19 2009 	They know how to take the reservation they just do not know how to hold it	I reserved a 3 room 498 square feet suite through Orbitz.I was offered a 2 room 292 square feet suite. The suite was too small for our family of four and we did not check-in. The staff of the Inn at the Opera told us that the smaller suite is almost as good as the one we reserved. They did not apologize and blamed Orbitz/overbooking for the error. They said that I should call Orbitz (they did not have the number, I did not have it either). They did not help me search for another hotel and they promised to charge a cancellation fee.I sat in the lobby of the Inn at the Opera and searched for another hotel. I found another place, put my kids and the the luggage in the car and drove away.	
Aug 15 2009 	Inn At the Opera is our newest favorite getaway!	Some of the friendliest hotel staff will be found here! We've stayed twice and have truly enjoyed both stays. Breakfast was always plentiful and again, service always with a smile. I suggest parking the car in the valet lot &amp; walk or use rapid transit in the city. The location is perfect for seeing the beautiful city hall (pretty much just across the street) as well as the War Memorial Auditorium &amp; Opera House. Inn at the Opera is an easy walking distance from the Asian Art Museum (great Samurai exhibit along with an entire day's worth of other artifacts), United Nations building (neat fountain), nice little park with playground area for kids (adults must be accompanied by a child to enter!), and easy access to trolley, bus, or cable cars. We'll definitely be back!	
Jul 28 2009 	Quaint Elegance combined w/ personal service healthy breakfast apples cookies 	We stay at &quot;The Inn at the Opera&quot; every time we go to San Francisco. The staff knows us by name but they give personal name recognition &amp; attentive service to everyone - they bend over backwards to make sure your stay is relaxing &amp; worry-free. On our last stay we arrived @ 9am w/ our friends after taking the red-eye from Hawaii - the staff was so accommodating in letting us eat breakfast while they rushed to get a room ready for early check-in! Then when we were departing for a 6am flight &amp; the limousine service didn't arrive as scheduled, the staff managed to find &amp; call the driver at home, clarified that he was suppose to be here @ 4am not 4pm (schedule mix-up) &amp; able to get everyone to the airport on time! We love going to San Francisco because we love staying here!	
Jul 23 2009 	Four Fabulous Days in San Francisco	Inn At The Opera is a lovely hotel with caring ,efficient staff members, a wonderful restaurant, and an amazing location! The Symphony Hall is close by as are many shops and restaurants. The classical music playing, the lovely decor and the happy atmosphere made this one of my favorite places! I have traveled all over the world (mostly on a limited budget) and this is one hotel I really want to return to again and again! Some places just have a special magic about them and this is one!	
Jun 30 2009 	Inn at the Opera Desperately Needs Renovation	We've stayed here several times, mainly because the Inn is a two minute walk from the opera house. The staff are wonderful; they try hard to make this place work, but the last time we were there- this past weekend, when we saw three operas in three days-- will be the last time until something is done to upgrade the place. We had one of the suites, which are very hard to get, requiring a reservation many months in advance. The room was spacious, and the bathroom was nearly as large as our own at home. However, the bath water was barely warm (at best) all weekend, and the bathroom, despite its large space, is very poorly planned, with (for example) no counter on which to put your toilet kit, which has to sit on the floor. You'd have to see this arrangement to believe it. Providing a cabinet in this big space wouldn't be a big deal. The Inn also has no AC in the rooms, which is not normally a problem in San Francisco, but this happened to be three of those rare days when the temperature stays warm all night. We got very little sleep as the sirens and horn blasts went by our open windows on the fifth floor, lasting until day break and beyond. The worst is the bed was infested with bedbugs, and my wife came home decorated with, by last count, six very angry-looking bites. Pity. We've really like this funky old place, but the contrast with a modern hotel (our last night in town we gave up and moved to the Donatello-- another member of this chain) is striking. Come on, Shell, spend some money and fix up this old sweetheart of a hotel. It's worth saving.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great Stay except for Van broken in	Recently stayed here from 6/22-6/26. Staff is excellent, accomodations clean and adequate , daily breakfast filling and everything was excellent unti 4th day when we were about to leave for a tour when we found our van broken in. Prevous night my hubby decide to park van along McAllister (across City Hall) and left GPS stand in the van. A bum/thief smashed front passenger's window and stole stuff in our van. Hubby spent $300 to fix window and we lost a day of touring as we need the van to get around and waited for it to get fixed. Hotel staff said that more incidents like this are happening lately.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great location for the Opera!	We've stayed at this hotel before &amp; it is very convenient for the opera. It's about 1 1/2 miles from Union Square. It is an older hotel, more like a residence. The rooms can be small, but the suites are roomy &amp; good value for the money. Only 1 small elevator for the 7 floors. The rooms could do with lighter color decor, but I think they are working on some upgrades, as some rooms have new flat screen TVs. No airconditioning in the rooms, only fans, but this is usually not a problem in San Francisco's cool climate even in summer. Great restaurant on the fine dining side. Complimentary Continental Breakfast.	
Jun 1 2009 	The location can't be beat for this part of the city.	If you want to be away from the city center, have business at city hall or are going to an event at one of the theaters or auditoriums near by, this is certainly the hotel to pick. We stayed in one of the suites that I believe is called an Opera Room. It had two full baths and is a perfect accomodation for three persons. It felt very roomy and was designed for maximum privacy. The elevator is small (4 persons) and very slow, so if you're on one of the upper floors be prepared to wait. The room does not have a safe. I was originally going to write that the room was a little tired and needed a makeover but looking closer I saw that it had recently had one and it was just the color scheme that made it look that way. There were two TV's but they were just 19&quot; CRT's and the one in the bedroom didn't swivel far enough to make it fully face the head of the bed. Heating is by two oil filled radiators on wheels like the kind one can buy at Home Depot. While the room was generally quiet I could plainly hear the shower on the upper floor. About 50% of the time the toilet next to the bedroom wouldn't fill after a flush and I had to remove the tank top and get it unstuck. Also, I noticed that the pipes to the sink and toilet still had the tags on them from the hardware store. I like to see a little more attention to detail than this. The price was certainly reasonable for the room size. The staff at the front desk were extremely friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast was very adequate and filling.	
May 27 2009 	Great Stay- Great Staff	I was a guest at the Inn May 22-26, 2009. It was more than I had hoped for. The staff is very attentive, friendly and accommodating and was able to answer all my questions, including personal opinions. This is an older hotel so keep in mind, the elevator is small for more than 2 people with luggage, especially we claustrophobic ones. The running water can be loud at times, but it is always hot and good pressure. The courtesy apples and cookies are a welcoming treat when returning from long days out and about. I was cautioned about walking alone in the area, but I always felt safe and took advantage of the local buses rather than taxis to get around. The restaurant Ovations is FABULOUS. Lillian was hostess, bartender, waiter, cashier, and I wouldn't be surprised if she helped wash the dishes. All with a smile and the best service. Jin at the front desk helped me numerous times, as well as the other FD staff and bell staff, who unfortunately I did not remember their names. The Concierges are eager to have you attend the &quot;owners update&quot;, but a simple no and the conversation is over. Close to City Hall, the opera houses, fine and casual dining, easy access to Union Square and down to the bayshore, and so much more. If you seek a quaint hotel with excellent services, please take the opportunity to check out the Inn at the Opera. I'll be returning.	
May 14 2009 	What a Wonderful Experience!	I booked a last minute trip to San Francisco this weekend and decided to try http://Hotwire.com for a good deal on a room. What I got was a GREAT deal on a FANTASTIC room at the Inn at the Opera. Then I Yelped it for results as you never know exactly what you're going to get when you do a Hotwire booking . I trust the reviews on this site over those of the booking site any day. Larry, Ed to the M and Gourmet were right on target with thier ratings - the Inn at the Opera pretty much rocks.Easy to find (for someone with limited knowledge of San Francisco) the Inn is located in a nice safe, very clean area. You can even avoid the overnight parking fee if the Parking Karmaforce is with you and you happen to score one of the street parking slots. It's located within steps of the stunning Opera house (I'm not even a fan of Opera - but the building is an architectural glory). The Inn itself is beautifully appointed, the staff was exceptionally prompt, curteous &amp; very sincere. One of the things I appreciated most was the fact that they didn't look down their noses at me for being a &quot;Pre Pay&quot; and showing up in hoodie and baseball cap direct from my tow-in surf session (as some staffers at other properties have when I've stayed in the Nob Hill section of SF). My room, though small, was very well appointed and comfy. In fact, I slept too well, I snoozed right through the free breakfast on Sunday (I should have asked what sort of mattress' they use as my bed was heavenly ) About the only suggestion I could make for the room was some sort of bed tray for working on my laptop as there was no desk space. But the wireless worked well, there was a mini fridge, microwave, coffee maker, a plush terry robe, lots of hot water (love my super long hot showers) and plenty of fresh white towels. This property would make for a sweet romantic weekend getaway, a nice place to stay on business, or, as in my case, a great place to call home when mixing business with pleasure - not sure how well it would work for families though due to space constrictions.I will definitely be booking back at the Inn at the Opera for my futurestays - even if I can't score the 50% discount by booking online through Hotwire (59 bucks per night - down from $120.00+) .	
May 13 2009 	Definitely not my favorite	I booked this room through Hotwire, and will avoid picking this part of town again (Hayes Valley/Civic Center) in an effort to avoid this hotel. I am a frequent traveler to San Francisco, and understand the concept of small rooms here, whether they market it as &quot;boutique hotel&quot; or &quot;european style&quot;. I can honestly say this is the smallest room I have ever stayed in. My view of the fire escape doesn't help. Total claustrophobic hotel, with poor service. Not a great location to walk to things to (except Civic Center and Opera House), and poor service in bar/restaurant. They seem to run on their own hours, with no consistency. Not sure how Hotwire rates it a 3.5 star hotel.	
Apr 20 2009 	Exceptional Service	If you are thinking about coming to San Francisco consider the Inn at the Opera. The staff could not do enough to make my stay one I shall remember for a long time. Shiela, the concierge took care of any questions about tours, places to see, getting around town etc. while the front reception staff were always there to nurture and take care of any needs. Breakfast was more than just a continental with plenty of choices. Location of Inn at the Opera was great - in a safe neighborhood in the Civic Centre district but not hours away from the centre of town or Fisherman's Wharf. Best tour recommended is the Movie Tour. What a treat to learn about the 600 Hollywood films shot in San Francisco and learn about the city at the same time. Worth every penny. Only advice to Inn at the Opera is to get CNN on their TV system rather than that horrid Fox News channel. Providing free internet for guests in the lobby would also enhance the services provided. Had I known about the free internet services available in my room, I would have brought my laptop. Overall my experience at Inn at the Opera was exceptional. First class.	
Apr 19 2009 	Worse suite experience in a "resort" by Shell Hospitality despite good location	As I was searching a hotel to stay for a weekend visit back to San Francisco, I came cross to this hotel which is managed by Shell Hospitality and considered as a &quot;resort&quot; in the company's standard. It is an all suite property right off Civic Center, War Memorial Opera House and Symphony Hall in the posh Hayes Valley area. Welcome area and lounge area are decorated in classic tone and completely charming boutique feel from the beginning of the boutique hotel booms in the industry. The first staff I encountered at Front Desk was not uniformed when I arrived at a quarter past 1PM (a bit early for check-in but it was Sunday and the city is running lower occupancy in hotel industry, so I thought I could give it a try). Of course, the room/suite was not ready. I stored my belongings with the hotel and off my errands in the city. I was told that the room would be ready by 3PM. I returned to the hotel around 3:30PM and was given room 35 after 10 minutes wait by the Front Desk to get someone to acknowledge me. I got the key within one minute and off I went to the classic SF apartment cozy elevator. As I got off the elevator, I almost hit the robe (not sure if it is clean or not), hanging by the door that enters to the wing my room located. I carefully walk around it in the Hotel’s narrow hallway. It indeed reminds me a bit like many of the city sponsored apartment buildings around SF, except the price tag for this hotel was way much higher. As I walked past an opened door with housekeeper inside to get to my room, I knew that my room would not be ready (this came from my experience working in Sales &amp; Marketing department in a two major hotel chains in US for 10 years). The bed was not done and the room had a really bad odor. I turned around and went back to the Front Desk. This time, I was noticed right away. I informed the staff that the room given to me was not ready. They radioed the housekeeping department and I was told that the room was ready after they got the confirmation from housekeeping. I told the FD staff that the bed was not made so it could not possibly be clean and ready. One of the FD staff went into the office behind the desk and later I was given another room - Room 55 on 5th floor. This time I did not encounter the dirty linen hanging from the door and did not notice any housekeepers on this floor. I got into the STUDIO and was really shocked. The kitchenette area was efficiently in front of the door. To the right, there was the bed that I would be crashed for the 2 nights. There was no working area or desk. The tiny night stand houses an old lamp, the house phone, standard hotel radio/alarm and a pile of magazines/hotel information directory (I gathered as I did not want to get more shocks with the 3.5 star hotel accommodations). The armoire right in front of the bed has a VCR-TV combo, few drawers and hangers. There was no safe deposit that could be found as most 2-5 star hotels would have across US. The iron and iron board are tugged away next to the armoire and the mirror wall (YES, the mirror wall that can be found in some road-side motels often with a big billboard offering honeymoon suite by the hour!) On the other side of the bed is a classic armed-chair sits between the window (going out to the fire escape) leaving a bit of room for me to walk by. The studio is really tiny comparing to most hotel rooms I have seen in San Francisco (one of the hotel chains I worked was in the city) but this room is to suppose to be a STUDIO and the hotel names itself as a 3.5 star resort. I was truly disappointed but I told myself to make do since I am only staying two nights. I tried to put away my suitcase and all my belongings since there was not much room to walk around in the bedroom area. The armoire can’t be opened all the way and hit the end of the bed when opens to 60 degree so I carefully tugged my bag in the armoire as well as the portable heater it was left in my room.The bathroom was decent size comparing to my sleeping quarter but I would only consider it was efficient not luxurious or nicely decorated. It does appear to be clean and everything seems to all attached, however, the rose color shower curtain stands way out in this all ivory/creamy colored bathroom. I looked again in the hotel’s website and made sure that I was not making any mistakes on my research before booking the hotel. I found there is some rooms in the hotel SMALLER than mine, called Ballet Room for efficiency travelers (I however had hard-time to image any room smaller than mine). For my type of studio, it supposes to have two chairs and a desk or table according to the hotel’s website. I told myself that there is no way, the hotel can even try to put in another chair or a desk/table and still advertises this studio as comfortable for two people. I pulled over a pillow as my desk on the bed and sat on the one and only chair to make it work as working area. The resort/hotel is not deserved 3.5 star as I have seen 2.5 and 3 star hotel in the city that are more spacious, clean and well dècored. I don’t know how the hotel pulled together to get the star rating from AAA and passed the standards as required. Shell Hospitality managed a few great resorts so I was really disappointed that this hotel can be part of Shell’s world of elegant resorts and vacation homes. The rate for the studio was low but I know that I can get some other hotels with less star rating but more comfortable setting for travelers. My back was getting stiff just to sit on the chair and work on the laptop for one hour, a business traveler definitely would not be able to use this property for the business trip.	
Apr 6 2009 	booked 2 nights 3+ months in advance and was relocated by hotel at check-in!	A disappointing experience.I wish I could review the hotel. I chose this hotel primarily for it's location and amenities. I reserved on 12/31/08 for a 4/3-4/09 stay. I called 48 hours in advance to re-confirm and to let them know I would be checking in after 6:00 pm and had an 8:00 show to get to. I arrived at 7pm only to be told that someone &quot;overstayed&quot; and that I would have to stay elsewhere. I was sorely disappointed that I was unable to stay where I had planned (I had shows at the Orphuem 4 blocks away, and the Opera House, 1 block away) and had planned on WALKING with my 9 year old daughter from the hotel both nights. To the hotel's credit, I will say that the hotel put me up at their expense at a location about 8 blocks further away, uphill at a nice old place with friendly staff at The Majestic. I can recommend The Majestic, but not the Inn at the Opera, as they apparently cannot guarantee that you will be able to stay there, even with a guaranteed rate booked well in advance.	
Apr 6 2009	Just Loved Staying at The Inn At The Opera	Found it to be like a very elegant small European hotel. Staff was wonderful and very accomadating. Ovations, the restaurant was beautiful and we had a delicious dinner.	
Apr 2 2009 	Amazing Service	The ladies were so nice, they offered so much for us for our 4 night stay. It is really cramped but it had all that we asked for. They are very welcoming and offer any kind of service they felt we needed. We had one bed with three people, but they brought in an extra roll up bed and extra restroom supplies. There was complimentary breakfast but it was simply beagles, boiled eggs, and fruit that you served yourself.	
Apr 1 2009 	Cozy but a bit small	Inn at the Opera is a quaint little place to stay with very friendly staff. We slept in a Juliet Room. The room smelled really good and it was neat and tidy. It felt really cozy and serene but it was much smaller than what we're used to. The bed was pretty awful. We never got comfortable and managed to smack each other a few times during the tossing and turning. That size bed would be suitable for one adult or two very small people but it was nowhere near big enough for two grown people. I woke up with a very sore back and neck. The complimentary breakfast was adequate. If you plan to arrive late, dont expect to get room service. According to the binder in our room, room service stops at 9:30. I was starving when we arrived but exhaustion won out. I would stay here again provided I got a larger room with a king sized bed. If the smaller rooms were the only ones available, I'd have to skip it unless I was by myself.	
Mar 29 2009 	I will stay here again if I ever go back to SF	My husband and I stayed here for four nights from March 23rd - March 27th, 2009. We reserved the ballet room for 87.00 a night. I was really impressed with how much the hotel offers considering how cheap the hotel room was. The building itself is charming. A little old; but it just adds to the french charm! I loved the decor, too. Our room was very clean and comfortable. The blankets, pillows and bed were all very comfotable and easy to sleep on. The bathroom is also very nice, but there wasn't much space to store my cosmetics, so I ended up putting some of my stuff on the floor. For the most part it was quiet at night, except for early in the moring around 6:00, we could hear someone start a shower. The breakfast is great. Where I come from there is no way you can find such a great price on a good hotel; especially one that offers such a nice complimentary breakfast. The resturant downstairs called Ovation is soooo good. I highly reccomend trying the creme brulee. It's out-of-this-world! The service from the maids is great. However, I was dissapointed when we were told our room would be ready by 3:00pm but it was not ready until after 4:30. That had me quite upset because we were wasting precious time in SF. Also, the hotel is not located within walking distane to any attractions, so that made traveling kind of difficult. We rented cabs for the most part, and the hotel was very good about calling cabs for us. Overall, The Inn at the Opera is a great place to stay with good food and service at a great value. There were a few bumps, but the pleasure of staying here out-weighed any snags along the way. I would love to come back to SF, and I will reserve a room at The Inn at the Opera again. Next time though, I think I will get a bigger room. =)	
Mar 23 2009 	March 2009 Stay at Inn at the Opera	My wife and I just returned from a week's stay at the Inn at the Opera. A nice and charming hotel in a very well kept older building. Very clean. Agree with others that it is located a bit away from many of the attractions but the municipal transit system is pretty easy to figure out with bus and trolley stops within a few blocks. At first the room seemed small but we quickly got used to it and enjoyed it. We used the coffee maker a couple of times and kept bottled water and wine in the fridge. The continental breakfast was nice - bagels, English muffins, danish, cereal, fruit (bananas, watermelon, cantaloupe, honey dew melon), yogurt, coffee, tea, juice. It is served buffet style but the staff will fill your coffee cup. The hotel also puts out a bowl of fresh apples in the lobby every morning. They were really good. In general, the hotel staff was very accommodating, professional, and customer oriented. The only lapse we experienced occurred one evening around 10:00PM when some newly arrived guests opened our door. The front desk had mistakenly assigned them our room. A good reason to always use the chain lock when you are in the room. Judging from how well everything else was done during our stay this was obviously just one of those flukey things that happens now and then. We would definitely return to this charming hotel.	
Mar 15 2009 	Exceptional value good location very nice hotel.	I needed a hotel for one night in a decent part of town, within a walking distance to the Civic center. Room was small but neat and offerred all you need...and more. It even had small microwave, fridge, coffeemaker, utencils, glasses and dishes for two. Cool! Free internet and if you don't have a laptop with you they have a PC in the lobby that you can use as long as want...again free. The service was impecable, the complimentary breakfast too. The concierge is there all day long with all the good info one can use. The best of all, the price was $97, including taxes. Location is also very good - small quiet street within a walking distance to many places. Try the restaurants and galleries on Hayes St (few blocks away). Awesome!!! I would highly recommend this gem to any single traveler or a couple for a short stay in SF.	
Mar 7 2009 	Outstanding hotel with wonderful staff	We have stayed at The Inn at the Opera many times for many years and have found that it consistently has an attentive and thoughtful staff and fine accommodations. It is very well placed for those interested in the several cultural opportunities that are nearby, such as the Opera House, Davies Symphony Hall, Herbst Theatre, Civic Auditorium, the Asian Art Museum, the remarkable San Francisco Library, and the palatial City Hall. San Francisco is blest with copious mass transit which is effective for getting about without suffering the trials of a car in a major city. Also close at hand are trolleys to other museums, to “downtown” (which is not far), and BART trains going downtown and across the Bay to Berkeley, Oakland, etc. The facility is modest in size but is particularly exemplary for the wonderful staff that is most friendly and concerned, helpful and attentive to all their patrons needs. While the hotel is not large it has a charming intimate quality. The medium priced rooms are fully suited to our needs and we enjoy the parking provisions, the free fresh baked, warm cookies each afternoon, the omnipresent bowl of apples, as well as the free SF newspaper every morning etc. All of this gives an ambience of a concerned and caring place for our many trips to San Francisco.	
Feb 28 2009 	Wonderful experience	The hotel was perfect for our opera experience. Loved the room and extra touches throughout. The setting is perfect and walking distance to all the venues. We will be back! Thank you again	
Feb 18 2009 	Charming Place to Stay and Wonderful Treatment by Staff	This was my first trip to San Francisco so I had no clue where to stay. After reading reviews about the Inn at the Opera, I decided to try it and have absolutely no regrets. At first, it seemed really small, but we quickly came to love the cozy, yet elegant and charming surroundings. From the first encounter with the desk staff to the last goodbye, we were treated with the utmost courtesy. Management and staff were absolutely the most friendly and helpful that I have met in my 30 years of traveling. I'm sorry that I don't remember everyone's names, but the two I can't forget are Julio and Betty. Every effort was made to ensure we had the best size room for our party of 3 adults &amp; a child. The room was a bit small the first night, so we inquired about something a big larger, not really expecting anything, but the next day, the manager moved us to a 3-room suite which was fantastic with 2 baths, and a kitchen. The European style of the hotel was a welcome change from the hotel chains that tend to look alike. The complimentary breakfast was delicious and beautifully presented. Fresh fruit was always available and a welcome treat. The manager graciously offered to hold our room for us while we visited Napa Valley and spent a night at the beach. The location of this hotel was a bit far from some of the sights we wanted to see, but really not a problem after becoming familiar with the streets, bus routes, etc. I felt very safe in the Theatre District even at night when walking to restaurants and nightspots. It is a very short and enjoyable walking distance to the beautiful Opera House and other historic buildings. I would stay here again without question.	
Feb 7 2009 	Excellent Little Place	I stayed at this hotel for six nights having booked it via Hotwire for $59 per night. All I can say is, wow what a value!! The hotel itself has small but adequate rooms. My room also had a small wet bar with microwave, refridgerator and coffee maker. Each morning they serve a very good continetial breakfast in their nice restaurant. A moring newspaper is also complimentary. The breakfast alone is a huge money and time saver. The hotel was nicely decorated and seems updated. The staff was very friendly and quite helpful.It is not near the touristy Union Square area, but I found that to be more relaxing as it was very quiet without the constant siren and cable car noises. The Muni (subway) is about a five block walk and you can get anywhere from there. There are many very nice restaurants within a two blocks in the Hayes Valley area. Overall a great place to stay, unless you are traveling with younger kids, then it could be challenging if you are trying to do the tourist thing due to the location.	
Jan 22 2009 	Excellent Service Nice Accomodations	My daughter and I stayed at Inn the Opera last night. We attended the 2009 SF Ballet Gala dinner and performance and did not want to drive back home to the East Bay and Peninsula. This is the second year we chose to stay at Inn at the Opera for this evening. In addition to the room being very clean and attractive, the service we received from the concierge, front desk and bell staff was all exceptional. It was an easy walk to the Opera House and City Hall. This morning we walked to the Asian Art Museum to catch the Afghanistan exhibit and after, we walked to Pacific Heights for lunch - about 16 city blocks down Van Ness and over on California to Fillmore to Delfina. I recommend Inn at the Opera highly.	
Jan 4 2009 	Charming Hotel Great Service	We stayed at Inn at the Opera for 1 week. Location: very convenient; 1 bus ride to the wharf; 45 minutes to Napa Valley. Reception Staff: courteous, efficient &amp; friendly. Room: clean, comfortable, temperature is just right. Our key card did not work on the third day after we came back from Napa- the reception was quick to fix the problem. Free continental breakfast is filling although the waiter failed to fill our cup with coffee after asking us if we wanted some. We will stay there again in the future.	
Dec 19 2008	Felt like family at Inn at the Opera	We consider Inn at the Opera our home in San Francisco. On our most recent stay the entire staff--front desk, concierge, bell, housekeeping and restaurant staffs were all exceptional in making us feel completely comfortable and taken care of despite a travel change resulting in our arriving a day too early without a reservation for that night. Nevertheless, the desk staff provided an available room for our first night and with the bell staff facilitated painless transfer to our reserved suite for our second and third nights. In a survey following an earlier visit, my wife had suggested that considering the number of older guests that bran flakes be added to the complimentary brunch. This time there were bran flakes—a detail reflecting the level of this hotel’s customer service. We are very grateful to the entire staff for making our stay such a pleaure. In addition the Inn at the Opera is near the Civic Center including the City Hall with its rich history and elegant rotunda, the San Francisco Opera, Ballet, and Symphony, and the San Francisco Culinary Institute that serves to the public a Friday lunch buffet that is both reasonably priced and elegant. Located in San Francisco’s Hayes Valley district, to the south and west are an abundance of neighborhood restaurants with a European flair, coffee shops, bars, boutiques, bookstores, and a sense of families and community. Block after block of level streets offer respite from Union Square and Nob Hill for the knee challenged amongst us.	
Dec 19 2008 	Great Place	Excellent hotel to stay at. I stayed here for one night to visit the SF Ballet for the Nutcacker. I had heard some indifferent reviews, and had some concerns, but after getting there I loved this hotel. The area is not bad, as some people make it out to be, and the hotel is really nice. The rooms are really clean, and the beds are very comfy. The breakfast in the morning is so-so, but it is free, cannot complain about free food. The hotel really throws you back to the old days, makes you feel like your staying in an old victorian! I enjoyed it, you will too, Tim.	
Dec 16 2008 	Room @ this Inn	took 2 days to adjust to the &quot;european style&quot; type of room (studio with refrig. &amp; micro),but thereafter was very cozy &amp; most adequate.adjusting to the small size of the room was challenging due to last years stay @ another svc property in s.f.(The Donetello) which for a studio was huge! my wife &amp; i highly recommend The Inn @ the Opera...the staff is professional &amp; friendly &amp; go out of their way to please &amp; serve...the daily complimentary continental b'fast is awesome...the onsite restaurant (Ovations) is pricey yet admirable in quality &amp; service.	
Nov 29 2008 	Love the place and the staff	Usually we don't get great services from hotels in general. On this trip we drove from the vino bello in napa and stayed at the in at the opera. We never got such a good treatment from the staff. We remember Joseph and Rowena from the front desk and even Patricio the valet guy, they were amazing treating us as true costumer should always be treated. The hotel is great for what we were looking for( european style). Totally recommended .	
Nov 20 2008 	Great experience; Perfect location!	Although this isn't a true &quot;5-star&quot; establishment (but easily 4-star), we definitely had a &quot;5-star&quot; experience. This hotel has a very European, old-style feel to it, though it has been updated to ensure that guests are comfortable and everything was very clean. The staff was gracious and friendly, and although the valet parking was full, they directed us to parking right behind the hotel which actually saved us a couple of dollars. The location was perfect - practically next door to the Opera House and Civic Center, which made for a lovely evening stroll (though very short). We stayed in a Junior Suite which was very comfortable and many amenities were provided which are not always found in hotels (&quot;green&quot; shopping bags, dishes, etc.). The free continental breakfast was quite good and the restaurant was intimate and beautiful. We hope to arrive early enough next time to have dinner there before a show. We hope to return to this gem of a hotel many times in the future.	
Nov 17 2008 	Excellent European-Style Hotel	Whereas our stay in October was marred by lapses in staff attentiveness, this time the service was very good. Brian at the Front Desk is especially professional and enthusiastic. The rooms are comfortable and well-appointed, and the hotel is excellently situated for patrons like us who are coming to attend the opera.	
Nov 11 2008	Great Staff excellent continental breakfast	The staff were most helpfull from the moment we arrived from advising us on what to do and how to get there. Doors were opened and at the desk and in the hallways we were always cheerfully greeted and helped. The dining room provided a convenient continental breakfast served by a helpful and excellent staff. Dinners were excellent. We are older and appreciated the ability to split both salads and the main course. The facility reminded us of clean, older European hotels where we have stayed. The hotel was well located to use the Muni transportation systems. We enjoyed the opera next door and took advantage of the &quot;CITY PASS&quot; to see the sights and many attractions of San Francisco.Gordon &amp; Helen, Vancouver, BC, Canada	
Nov 10 2008 	Charming hotel great for operagoers	We love to stay at the Inn at the Opera when visiting San Francisco for the opera. The Opera House is right across the street, making it an ideal location, and the staff is always gracious and helpful. The room we had was small, but nicely furnished and included a fridge and microwave. We found the location very convenient to restaurants and other attractions too. The only negative was the live and recorded music from the downstairs restaurant, making it hard to fall asleep. We'll probably ask for a room on a higher floor next time.	
Oct 22 2008 	Loved it	Three of us shared a full week in a 1-bedroom &quot;Symphony&quot; unit, booked through our timeshare company (this is a Shell resort as well as a regular hotel), and were really happy with the whole experience. An old-fashioned elevator operates among the hotel's 7 floors; a quiet, darkwood French restaurant offers fine (expensive) dinners, late-night drinks, and free &quot;Continental&quot; breakfasts that made us feel quite pampered.The room contained a semi-kitchen consisting of a microwave, refrigerator and sink. The bathroom was very large, while the living room and bedroom were more modest (but not cramped).The best part of the hotel, really, is the personal service. Our room was made up every day -- standard in a hotel, but not in timeshares -- and the desk staff greeted us pleasantly by name each day and helped us with all our bizarre questions.The opera and ballet are just across the street, and the entire area (Hayes Street) has become very upscale, with great restaurants and shops. We would certainly stay at Inn at the Opera again.	
Oct 11 2008 	Staff was wonderful; Location was bad	The Inn was near the Civic Center part of the city. All the places we went were a 30 - 40 minute bus ride. When taking the bus tours, we were always the first picked up in the morning and last dropped off. An 11 hour tour for us lasted over 13 hours. We did tours with Tower Tours, Supersighting Tours and Grayline. They all dropped us off last. On the other hand, we got to know the staff well because of the size of the Inn. The staff was wonderful and would go the extra mile. One night, we wanted room service and the restaurant had closed the kitchen early (before 8:30 pm). The front desk staff intervened and got the restaurant to serve us room service. I would stay there again only because of the staff and great service but would plan on a lot of taxi service.	
Oct 6 2008 	Scary Scary Neighborhood!	All in all the room was okay and the staff was very helpful and friendly. However, I was a woman traveling alone and had the inconvenience of having a male friend walk me to the hotel every night from the BART station which is over 3 blocks away. Also...the free breakfast is horrible and they make you feel like you have to leave a tip!	
Oct 3 2008 	Inn at the Opera Great	The Inn at the Opera is a wonderful hotel. It is small and has a family feeling. The rooms are very comfortable. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. An excellent breakfast is included. The location couldn' t be better for activities in Civic Center, such as performances at the Opera House ( just across the street, Davies Hall or Herbst Theater. Valet parking is available. I have stayed at the hotel many times and always look forward to returning there.	
Oct 3 2008	Excellent Customer Service	Keon Stewart and the rest of the Inn staff were gracious and extremely helpful. I'll be back.	
Sep 24 2008 	Great Boutique Hotel	Take the time to do your homework on boutique hotels. I've stayed at several but the Inn at the Opera is a great hotel and I found special rates through the hotel website. If you want to be surrounded by crowds of tourists, then this hotel is not for you. It is away from the hustle and bustle of Union Square and the Wharf but these areas are accessible by cable car and other ground transportation. It is not as noisy as other hotels and you get a feel of the locals and the surrounding areas. The staff is very friendly and the rooms, although smaller than big chain hotels, are clean and comfortable. The complimentary continental breakfast was fine and complimentary cookies await you back from your city excursions! There's also a wonderful place to eat (for both vegetarians and meat eaters) at Max's a block from the hotel (a recommendation from Michael at the front desk). I would definately stay at this hotel again. Being away from all the busy landmarks, this allowed us to truly see the city and explore all the surrounding neighborhoods.	
Sep 19 2008 	SUPERB SERVICE - very welcoming	A very well run and comfortable hotel right next to the opera house. Classical music-related decor and theme, clean and comfy rooms, but best is the warmth of the staff - front desk, housekeeping and breakfast room. Really felt we were staying with good friends who were spoiling us silly.	
Sep 11 2008 	Amazing Boutique	This is a great boutique hotel with a great location if you plan on seeing the SF Ballet, Symphony or Opera. The staff here are absolutely amazing. Its small, so they have the time to chat with you and spend more time assisting with special requests than at a larger hotel. My room was great, the breakfast was enough to save me a few bucks each morning and overall I had a wonderful experience. I will return.	
Sep 10 2008	My First Trip to SAN FRAN	This was my first time in San Francisco and my husband and I really enjoyed it. My husband had stayed at Inn at the Opera before on business, so it was a return visit for him.I was a little hesitant about staying here because of a few past reviews, but my husband had nothing but good things to say.The room was very cozy, and we ate at the restaurant once, it was delicous!We tried to book on the site Hotwire but were unable to find as low of rates as mentioned in a past reveiw. Plus your'e not garunteed the hotel you want ,so we went straight to the website and booked.We were happy with our stay and hope to return one day.The staff was great!We had some minor T.V. issues and the staff had it taken care of in five minutes.	
Jun 6 2008 	Cute historic boutique hotel	I got an amazing deal on this hotel by booking through Hotwire. It was $52 per night plus tax, which came to $66.46. This is a terrific bargain for a 3.5 star hotel in SF. The location of this hotel was not ideal, for my needs, but it is close to Van Ness, a major thoroughfare with bus lines that can get you to where you need to go. My room was nice, not too small. I really had no complaints but would rate this as a 3 star hotel, not 3.5. If two people are sharing a room, quarters may be kind of cramped. However, if you are looking for a charming and unique place to stay, you will be happy with the Inn at the Opera. Especially if you can get a great price on Hotwire - it's in the Civic Center/Hayes Valley neighborhood for those who are familiar with how Hotwire works.	
Mar 15 2008 	Excellent place to start	If your looking for luxory accomadations, or a big suite with magnificient views this is not the place for you. But if your looking for a nice comfertable place with friendly staff to kick off your visit to a great city then your in the right place. This hotel is only 3 blocks from the famous F street car line, which makes getting around a breeze. Also nearby is the ballet and the Asian Art museum which is a must see. As far as breakfast goes, it's exactly what you pay for. It's not nay worse then a continantal breakfast anywhere else, and there are plenty of places around if you want something more. The staff couldnt be more helpful and friendly, and the hotel decor very nice. I would definitly saty here again. One more little tip, the &quot;citypass&quot; is a very good investment, if for no other reason then the 7 day MUNI pass.	
Feb 14 2008 	Great little hotel	My husband and I stayed here for part of our honeymoon (5 nights). We loved this little hotel! Yes, the rooms are a bit small and the bathroom was very small - but it was definitely enough room for the two of us. It does have a very European feel , which I absolutely loved. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. One of our favorite things was the fresh baked cookies they put out every afternoon. They also turn down your bed, put on a lamp and leave chocolates on your pillow. The complimentary breakfast was pretty good, I never saw anything wasn't fresh or spoiled. Although, as previous posters have stated, it is a little annoying that they seem to expect a tip for breakfast service, especially since it's 99% self-serve! We just tipped $1 for each of us each morning we ate there. We did eat breakfast at a restaurant on the last morning, but it cost us $30! One evening we ate at the restaurant and the food was delicious - some of the best French food I've had. We would recommend eating there if your budget allows (a little price, but worth it!). The concierge (John) was extremely helpful and very friendly, too. The location isgood, only 2 blocks from the subway and a short distance from several bus stops. We are already planning another trip to San Fran and would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Jan 18 2008 	Quaint hotel but quite a few quirks	My husband &amp; I just returned last Saturday from celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary at the Inn @ The Opera. We were given a 2 bath deluxe room on the 7th floor...room was nice &amp; spacious but.....our 2nd night we found that none of the baseboard heaters worked! We reported this &amp; they brought 2 PORTABLE HEATERS to the room(this made us believe that this was a known problem to them). We thought we'll make do with this.Wrong. While ironing our clothes the electricity &quot;tripped&quot; in the room since apparently their system was obviously overloaded.We were left in the dark &amp; cold. We tried to make do &amp; reported this the next day. They came but did nothing &amp; basically left us with the portable heaters again. To make a long story short we tolerated this for FIVE NIGHTS &amp; then they offered to move us to a similar room when those residents left since they said it'll take a while to correct the problem.The move was good (to the 6th floor)but by this time I was personally fed up.While we were on the 6th floor, we heard residents in the room we vacated the same day &amp; which was right above us!Obviously they didn't fix anything, so as I said before, it seems that the problems are pre-existing &amp; they just don't fix it. For the nightly rate charged one should not have to tolerate this.Like one of the viewers said there's a &quot;tip&quot; bill folder for the &quot;complimentary breakfast&quot; which they presented with alacrity each day. This was a great annoyance to me.Additionally, the breakfast was boring(mostly produced from boxes &amp; packets) &amp; were cling-wrapped for each consecutive day .The breads were STALE...I even saw some mildew on the bread &amp; the CUT bananas were also recycled(one could see the browned edges).Our new rental car was dented &amp; badly scratched by their &quot;valet parking&quot; &amp; they pretended to not have any knowledge of how it was damaged...we had to complete a report with our rental car company....luckily we had full coverage on the car.Internet which is located in the lobby area (totally not private)was non-existent...forget about having any connection in your room.The staff are friendly but that doesn't compensate for the aggravation we had to go through.Don't think we'll stay there again.	
Dec 31 2007	Not My First Choice	We were there for a week, had to cut it one day short because of family. First, you have to pay for internet service, never done that ever! I booked this trip six months in advanced with one of the best rooms in the place, the room was wonderful (get a suite if you are going to stay there, the other rooms are too small). Staff was wounderful, food at the Ovation was good but over priced, SF has such woundrful food go out and enjoy. Location is fine if you don't wander to far in to the Tenderloin, only blockes away. You need to go somewhere else to eat, if you realy want to experience SF. If it may be hot, there is no air in the rooms, but in SF you seldom need it but be prepaerd. There are so many great places to stay in SF I would not recommend this one.	
Aug 24 2007	A wonderful place	This Inn is part of RCI and I got it through RCI. It is located in the Civic center section of San Francisco and a little out of the way. After two days, we got used to being out of the way (almost 1/2 mile to the cable car and Bart, but 2 blocks from the bus). The hotel included breakfast which was fantastic. There were always fresh chocholate chip cookies on the desk and fresh apples in a bowl. The place was clean and friendly. The concierge was very helpful and rented us a car during our stay for one day. The place picked us up in the morning and drove us to the rental place. Fresh towels and the bed were made every day. They even brough bottles of water to my room during the night. Great RCI experience.	
Jan 9 2007 	Charming but . . .	This is the second time I've stayed here. Charming, wonderful European atmosphere. The staff is very friendly. You'll feel quite at home. And the price is certainly right for a centrally located quality hotel. Do NOT, however, expect more than charm and personality. The rooms are European, too, in that they are small and very spartan. There's no individual room climate control, so you get whatever heat/AC the hotel thinks is appropriate. (It's January at this writing and the room is too warm! Thank God the windows open.) The walls are thin and your neighboring room's plumbing is right next to the bed, so when someone next door showers in the morning, the noise is deafening. Don't try to sleep late. The Ovation restaurant? What bar doesn't have bourbon? Unbelievable! And the complimentary continental breakfast is poor even by European standards. Even two-star hotels in Italy where I've stayed had more diverse and interesting breakfast options. Finally, a concern about staff training. Yesterday there was a blackout in the neigbhorhood. When the power went out, the front-desk staff panicked. They didn't know what to do, whom to call. They stood at the front desk picking up the phones and wondering why they didn't work. And not all of the emergency or exit lights were working properly. Some of the hotel staff showed more control, suggesting calling the power company on cell phones, etc. They *all* should be trained in emergency response measures, no?	
Sep 30 2006 	Nice hotel but not for a time share exchange	We stayed at IATO Labor Day week. Loved the hotel, it's quiet, intimate and clean and is in a good location. We were in a &quot;junior suite&quot;, which was a bedroom and adjoining sitting room/kitchen (well, there was a sofa, small table, sink, microwave and mini-refrigerator). The virtual tour on their website is an accurate depiction of the room, but note that there is a mirrored wall that makes the junior suite look like it has two beds. We would stay here again, but not through a time share exchange - -since it's not a resort there were no on-site amenities that we usually experience with an exchange.The continental breakfast was OK for a day or so, but they never change the offering, so you'll become bored with it after a couple days. Go around the corner to Citizen Cake instead - - they have great coffee, breakfast and people-watching. We also went to the crepes place across the street from Citizen Cake...that was not as good.	
Aug 25 2006 	Great find!!	Great value! Rooms are exceptionally small..enough for a bed and room to walk around it. (hard to get used to) However, if you keep it tidy &amp; are not in there all day it is suitable. Microwave in room, very neat &amp; excellent little 'kitchen' area with a small fridge, plates and even wine glasses...very chic!! Maids are VERY friendly do a good job and leave you chocolates behind when they are done...what a nice touch. Remember the hotel is a boutique hotel so it is old..slight musty smell in hallways but not gagging..you get used to it. Great renovations for a hotel this old. Rooms are CLEAN and updated. Front staff is excellent; complimentary breakfast is great at first but can be boring after a few days. Elevator was a surprise but very innovative..you will see. :) Waiters are courteous at first. A 'tab' folder is placed on your table after breakfast with a paper in it indicating a tip is suggested. When you are there for a few days you observe the waiters sense of anxiousness as they await to open the 'tab' folder. Some of the reactions from the waiters are unreal...&amp; then they talk to each other in their own language. Not a good feeling at all.	
Jul 24 2006 	Charming but no a/c	What a charming hotel... we used to stay there many years ago (we travel for our business) and I had forgotten why we stopped when our agency booked it for us. As soon as I arrived, I remembered! No air conditioning... We stayed there in July 2006 and the rooms were so hot, we asked for a fan and it helped, but still, the rooms were constantly around 78 degrees!We love the hotel and the service, but don't got here in the summer!Another thing that surprised us this time was the room service menu. They only had one vegetarian item. Being a vegetarian, you quickly get bored with eating the same thing. Luckily there are many good restaurants nearby so it's not a big issue, but for a hotel this nice (except for the lack of a/c) they should have a better room service menu.I will go back, but in the winter...	
Jun 21 2006	Nice but very small rooms...	My husband and I traveled to The Inn at the Opera in mid-July. They had a very friendly, helpful staff, and it was conveniently located to most places that we wanted to go. The breakfast in the morning was pretty good, but being that we were there for a week, we got a little tired of it. They did not ever change their buffet menu, and it was already quite limited.The rooms were nice but most of them are very small. The beds barely fit in the room let alone giving you any walking space. If you are looking for a spacious place to stay, this may not be your best option.The hotel is clean for the most part, but we found a hair on our bed sheets and in our shower... which completely grossed me out.I really liked that they turned down our bed at night and left chocolates on our bed. This was a very nice added touch! One restaurant you must try... Scoma!!	
May 8 2006	Absolutely Delightful	We just spent the weekend at this hotel and it was charming. We were attending the ballet and chose this hotel for location-right around the corner from the venue. It's in Hayes District ,which houses many top restaurants and dessert/drink cafes. The area and it's architecture is very pretty-in the heart of the Culural Arts/Civic Center District. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a Junior Suite-a very pleasant surprise. The room was lovely with many nice touches. We had a parking package and the valet service was great. There were cookies in the early everning that looked delicious but we were on our way to dinner. Service was great-very willing to please. The continental breakfast was in their lovery restaurant and was very good- Nice array of food and beverage choices. A find!	
Apr 12 2006	So very romantic great for honeymoon or 25th wedding anniversary!	My husband and I fell in love in San Francisco 25 years ago and wanted to stay in a great location in San Francisco for our 25th wedding anniversary. We stayed at the Inn at the Opera for the most relaxing, romantic week of our entire marriage! The staff treated us so special knowing about our anniversary. I want to return every year now!	
Mar 16 2006	Great service	My husband and I stayed at the hotel for a week via a time share exchanged. We were delighted with the hotel. The rooms are smaller than most people are used to but we found them very cozy and nicely furnished. I didn't find the bathrooms small. The breakfast we had was better than the usual continental breakfast. It has several kinds of cereal, muffins, bagels, toast, danish as well as hardboiled egg, pineable, watermelon and cantalope, banana and several kinds of juice as well as coffee. More than enough to start the day. Breakfast was in their lovely restaurant, Ovations. Room service was a real bargain and the food was from the Ovations kitchen so it was very good. The front desk acknowledged the rooms were small but they said they try to make up for it with fine service and I would say they did that excactly. Guests were invited to a wine and cheese party during the week so you could chat with fellow guests and meet the management. The hotel is in a very well lite area right across from the City Hall and near the Opera, Symphony and Ballet so there is always something going on and people around. The area in the direction of Market St is not the best but the other direction toward Gough has very nice restaurants and shops. Restaurants that were recommend were Citizen Cake and Indigo. We used a 7 day pass and used it a lot for cable cars, buses &amp; trolleys. YOu don't really need a car but the hotel has a garage if you need one. We took a Wine tour through a company called Supersightseeing and it was less crowded than a Gray Line tour that we ran into. Our tour guide (Steve) was wonderful and very knowledgeable. Good place to see on your own or walking tour is Pacific Heights with its Victorian homes and great views of the City. Stop at Union St. in Pacific Heights that has some great cafes and boutiques. We would definitely return to this hotel if we visit again.	
Mar 4 2006	Nothing was too much trouble	The staff could not have been more helpful and courteous, Jose-Louis helped us no end and the other staff were most helpful and friendly. The Inn at The Opera is ideally located for walking and close to reliable public transport. Don't take the cable cars if you are in a hurry, the car operators certainly aren't!	
Feb 5 2006	Charming small hotel	My husband and I booked this hotel based on it's location and positive reviews. We stayed one night and attended the SF Ballet's &quot;Swan Lake&quot;. The ballet was beautiful and the hotel was only a short walk away. The staff is friendly but the rooms are extremely small. I would estimate about 200 sq feet. Our room on the 4th floor had a window that looked out to the alley but it was nice that we could open it for fresh air because it was unseasonably warm. The bed was comfortable but unfortunately we did not discover the ear plugs in the drawer of the nightstand until the next morning. We were awoken at 1:30am by an extremely loud garbage truck in the alley emptying the garbage bins and found it difficult to sleep due to the noise for most of the night. The bathroom was so small it was difficult to find space to put out toiletries but the shower did have adequate pressure. The complimentary breakfast in the morning is continental style, with very few choices. It is rather strange that the waiters hand out tip portfolios at breakfast, but since they were nice enough to refill our coffee cups for us we left them a few dollars. The parking package we booked via the internet was $142/night. Although the hotel was adequate, we felt the accommodations were simply too small to be comfortable. Next time we visit SF we will seek a hotel with larger rooms, even if the location is not as convenient. We enjoyed a nice dinner at the Hayes Street Grill but be sure to book advance reservations on performance nights because it gets very crowded. I would recommend any of the grilled fish, the french fries and of course the wondeful creme brulee! As with most restaurants in the area, it is expensive but the service was absolutely wonderful which is made it a lovely meal.	
Nov 10 2005	Think small	How you perceive the inn will depend much, I think, on the package you can arrange on the hotel's own website. Having stayed at this property during ten different occasions, I hope to provide some insight.We almost always book a room with parking included. Since parking rates are now $25 a night plus 14% tax, you should do what you can to snare this arrangement. Since so many guests do not seem to mind the small rooms, there should be no problems unless you have large suitcases. Each room is equipped with a kitchenette (microwave, small fridge, enough utensils to reheat food)and two packets of coffee, which will be replaced at $1.75 each. This policy has been in force for four or five years. Yes, it should be replaced daily, for free.The service at the desk is very accommodating, and, if things don't work properly in the room, you can count on the help to fix things. Your room is likely to be assigned randomly, even if you request specific rooms. Often the inn is fully booked with performers and/or their guests and the management cannot always guarantee your requests. You should, however, ask to be in a room that is not adjacent to a room with jacuzzi tub, as the noise from the bath in the suite will make sleeping difficult. Street-side rooms have nice neighborhood views but can be noisy if you choose to leave your window(s) open. And since there is no air-conditioning, you will certainly need to do so during the occasional hot days.A complimentary continental breakfast is included(not too inspiring but there is fresh fruit and unlimited drinks), and yes, a folder is presented upon departure. For heaven's sakes, put in a dollar or two. Many other establishments do the same. We've eaten a couple of times at the opulent restaurant Ovation, located past the front desk. Although there is enough choice on the menu, prices have escalated seriously enough and service has grown indifferent at best, to the point where we can no longer recommend it. Try instead Absinthe, Jardinière, Hayes Street Grill, or, for the super budgeters, Stelline's.	
Oct 9 2005	None better	My famliy stayed at the Inn on the 2nd and 3rd of Oct. When we pulled up to the curb my wife recieved a call that her mother(85)had been rushed to the hospital in Spokane, Washington and did not look good. This was at 10:00am Sunday morning. Not only did the hotel let us check in early, the staff looked into booking my wife on a plane to Spokane. As my mother in laws condition improved over the next few hours so we decided to stay. We were in room 64, a suite, that was absolutly delightful. A sitting/kitchen area, living room / 2nd bedroom, full size main bedroom, and two full size bathrooms. The staff was nothing but excellent in every instance and we WILL return for accomadations when we plan to vacation in the Bay area.	
Oct 4 2005	Why so few reviews of this Hotel?	I can't understand why there are so few reviews of The Inn at the Opera. We, (2 couples), found it excellent. We booked through Expedia and got excellent rooms for about £55/$96.Some reviewers have said the rooms were small, but that is only by US motel standards, by Europen standards they were a good size.The staff were efficient, courteous and friendly, the rooms were spotless. and towels seemed to be changed as soon as you wetted them!Continental breakfast is extensive, delicious and best of all, complementary!OK, it isn't on Fisherman's Wharf, or Union Square, but that is reflected in the price, and many people (us included), regard that as a plus point, not a minus.You can walk to Market Street and the cable car in 15 mins, and a cab (between 4 people) was only $8 to anywhere in the centre, so you are not out in the back of beyond. Check out any other hotels in town at a similar price, and this has to be the one to choose - highly recommended.	
Feb 8 2005	Old-fashioned attention	Great location, friendly and extremely courteous staff, reasonable prices. A little piece of European boutique hotel elegance in San Francisco. Near great shops and interesting eateries. Plan to stay there again next month (March 2005).	
Jan 24 2005	Petty	I must complain about an incident that occurred during our stay. First of all, I found the room we stayed in on January 18th and 19th cramped. There is barely any room to walk around the bed and the armoire door does not open fully to view the television. Otherwise, the staff is very well mannered and everything else was satisfactory except for this small incident.   I have to tell you this however petty it may sound as I find a charge of $3.50 unjust. My complaint is the coffee packets left in the room. There is a $1.75 charge for requests for extra coffee packets. I assumed this meant per day only to find (to my dismay) that I was charged $3.50 for requesting another decaf and caf packet the second day of our stay. I told the maid that she must have forgotten to put some more in the room and she could not even speak English very well. I assumed she made a mistake as I frequent hotels and they always give additional coffee packets free of charge each day when they clean the rooms. I did not know I would be charged until checkout. This petty charge really bothered me.	
Oct 25 2004	Older Hotel with Nice Staff but Small Rooms	I stayed here one night in October 2004. I made my reservation on the hotel's website and got a room for $109 per night. Unfortunately, when I called from the airport to find out the hotel's cross-streets and confirm that my room was available, I learned that the hotel had erroneously made my reservation for 10 days later. The hotel told me that it was full but that it would find a room for me as the reservation mistake was its fault. When I arrived I found that the hotel itself is located essentially behind city hall, which puts it in walking distance of government buildings in the Civic Center. However, the street has no other businesses on it (it all appeared to be older apartment buildings with metal security gates), and at night it was dark so the walk to the few restaurants on Van Ness (California Pizza Kitchen, Chevy's, a noodle place, and McDonald's) did not seem like a good idea. The hotel itself is rather small. The lobby consists of a small sitting area and then the front desk. The elevator is an ancient contraption that claims to fit six persons. Classical music is played in the hotel, including in the elevator. I was assigned room 68 on the 6th floor overlooking the street. It was furnished with antique-looking furniture, including an amoire and a desk. It also had a sink, microwave and undercounter refrigerator. The bathroom was tiled, had a tub/shower combination, thick towels, and nicer toiletries. Everything in the room appeared to be generally tasteful and in good condition. Other than the fact that the hotel is older and noise travels through the walls just as it would in an older home, the only drawback to the room was its small size. There was literally about one foot of space between the end of the bed and the front of the amoire.The staff was very pleasant both at check-in and check-out.All in all, the Inn at the Opera is a small, kind of creaky hotel, with small, nicely furnished rooms, on a street that does not lend itself to walking at night, and has a very nice staff. I would stay there again.	
Sep 9 2004	Perfect Accomodations!	I wanted to give my nieces and their moms (my sisters) a treat for their birthdays. I wanted to have nice accomodations so we could relax and at the same time be conveniently close to the bart stations and the theater. We had two rooms at the Inn at the Opera with each room having a separate bedroom with a double bed and the living room area making into another bed. The beds were very comfortable, each area was very roomy, and best of all we were treated to a breakfast which was brought to our rooms. The staff was the nicest you could ever meet and they helped us with maps, buses, taxis, and directions! We had an amazing weekend and I would go back in a second!	
Aug 23 2004	The IATO is a great place to stay	This Location is nicely appointed and comfortable. The staff are ever ready to assist you with whatever may be needed. I got a call from the manager who was offsite, regarding my connection to the internet in my room. The breakfast was very good. I have stayed at chain hotels that are more expensive and don't offer the ammenities that the IATO does. The Parking Package is a great deal. I will stay at the IATO whenever I am in SF.	
Jun 16 2004	Nice Hotel Overal but ....	Overall the Inn at the Opera is a boutique hotel (nice, antique furnishings) but on the small side. However, beware of noise issues here. I heard plumbing from surrounding rooms (toilet flushes, water pressure through the pipes when running a shower/bath, etc.). The noise got quite audible on and off at odd hours. Still, when I got home at night, my room was a true oasis. Hope your room works out for you! Nice, quiet (non-Union Square) locale that is relaxing.	
Jun 7 2004	A Great Location But . . .	The location is perfect for events at the opera house, symphony hall, etc.The hotel itself is not special. It is European (i.e., small rooms, small, slow elevator). The dining room could not accomodate us for dinner when we called a few days in advance. We called the front desk for a cab and had to wait a half hour, causing us to be late for our off-site dinner.When we (and others) returned from the opera (Saturday night at 10:30 p.m.), the restaurant and bar were closed. We all went elsewhere for drinks.The price, however ($99 - Orbitz), was right.	
Apr 23 2004	Great if going to Opera Ballet Orpheum	Was going to see Lion King at the Orpheum Theater and spending the night. Looked at all the hotels along Market St. and found this one not on Market and by the Opera House. Wanted to be within walking distance of the Orpheum. It's a 10-15 minute walk to the theatre, you don't walk to the theater on Market, but use Hayes. This avoids the panhandlers (especially at night). Restaurant in the hotel was great, service was good and the room, though small, was quiet and comfortable.	
Mar 8 2004	Excellent service in a great hotel	I was extremely pleased with the service and attention to detail of this hotel. The staff was very accomodating and pleasing to talk with. The complimentary continental breakfast was great, not to mention very convenient.We felt very safe while walking in the neighborhood and had no trouble finding a good restaurant within walking distance. I would definitely stay here again if and when I make my way back to San Francisco.	
Feb 11 2004	Immaculate Hotel Safe Area	We were impressed with this two star hotel--the friendly and helpful staff, the pretty, clean (rather small) room, the fresh and complimentary breakfast, free daily newspaper (except Sunday --$1.50), fresh cookies every evening. The area (333 Fulton Street) is nice also. We attended the ballet which is practically next door and walked around the area feeling safe and secure (Hayes Street has great shops!)	
Feb 5 2004	Stylish friendly	I stayed in August 2001 and found the hotel beautifully appointed with a turn of the century European feel to it. The room was small but well appointed and situated beside the Opera, ballet and City Hall and not far from the business district. Breakfast was a lavish cold buffet, everything was superband included in the price. Drinks at the bar were expensive though. If I should be so lucky as to return to SF, I would want to stay again.	
Oct 28 2003	What a gem - Inn at the Opea	Although the hotel is not close to the &quot;touristy&quot; attractions (i.e. Fisherman's Wharf, Ferry, etc.), it is an inexpensive cab ride away and is across from the Opera House and Ballet. It is right in the heart of a variety of restaurants and bars within walking distance. The hotel staff was superb - knowledgeable and accomodating. No request was a bother and could be accomplished. Warm cookies await you at the front desk each late afternoon after returning from the day's activities. The hotel is absolutely charming with tight but posh interiors. The rooms were European style so expect smaller quarters (i.e., armoire instead of a closet), but again they were clean and nicely decorated. The complimentary continental breakfast could not be beat. It was a great start to each day. We would stay at the Inn at the Opera again in a heartbeat!	
Aug 25 2003	Good choice	We enjoyed our week stay at the Inn. It has the charm and feel of a small euro-hotel. The staff is highly professional and attentive. Valet parking is prompt and secure. Rooms are well appointed and clean. The breakfast buffet is worth the money, and the dining room is cosy. The hotel is around the corner from many small, top-notch restaurants, the City Hall - Opera House complex, and Market St. We'll be back.	
Oct 29 2009 	Nous avons fait un excellent choix!		
