	Great time	We stayed at the Villa Florence over Thanksgiving weekend and the lighting of the Christmas tree on Union Square. We booked two rooms. Tony at the front desk was very accomodating making sure our request for king sized beds and quiet rooms towards the back of the hotel were fulfilled. The location of the hotel was perfect for shopping and grabbing a cable car to Fisherman's Wharf. Yes the rooms are smaller, but we did not spend much time there with so much to see and do. They were offering a $105.00 online special which we booked several months ago. We would definitely stay here again. The location is perfect for resturants and the service we encountered was very good. The only bad thing was that they wanted to charge extra in Valet for an suv insted of the posted charge. Thankfully the hotel manager took off the additional charge. I have never heard of being charged extra because your vehicle is bigger than a toyota.	
Nov 20 2009 	consistently good experience nice hotel great location	I have stayed here twice for work and both times were great. The rooms are nice and clean. There is a fitness center, restaurant, and coffee shop on site. You are walking distance to Union Square and many restaurants/shopping locales.	
Nov 14 2009 	Average hotel not disappointed but not impressed either	We stayed in a comfortable, clean room with street view – note that we were warned by the receptionist that it might be noisy, still we opted for the street view. After midnight it got quiet. :-) The bathroom was a bit of a disappointment: small and old, with a tiny sink and no room for toiletries. The restaurants downstairs are very good. We had a delicious breakfast at Kuleto’s.	
Nov 8 2009 	perfrect Place	Stayed here for one night to celebrate a birthday. The staff were VERY welcoming and helpful. It was in the perfect area to stay for shopping and seeing the great musical 'Wicked'. The room was great, bed very comfortable ...and my pooch was welcome. Would stay here again.	
Nov 6 2009 	Exceeded Expectations	Loved staying in this hotel and visiting three premium restaurants all within two block. We stayed two nights and the location was perfect for everywhere we wanted to visit. Service was excellent. Only complaint was that the mattress was harder than expected and not pillow-top as described. Still slept well. We opened the mini-bar right before we left and it was stocked with clear prices. Probably would use it next time. Very clean and toiletries were great. Didn't eat in the restaurant downstairs but the food looked great every time we passed by (and it was packed). We had an inside room as it was recommended and we are glad we did. The front streets are busy but we didn't hear a thing. They even set out wine for our honeymoon. Charges and requests were all accurate. Would definitely stay again.	
Nov 3 2009 	Worst Customer service	I stayed at the Villa Florence for four nights while in San Francisco for business during October. The lobby was nice and so were the front desk people and hotel Manager had a bad attitude from the other guest and me. I arrived in my &quot;travel clothes&quot;; jeans and a hoody and felt terribly under dressed. Front desk asked me “ are you here for pleasure or business, I told her business and she said business ‘“what kind of business. Hotel Manager looked and laughed to me and I got insulted. Front desk person said, ”There is NO parking. You have to use the our valet service, which is $40/night plus parking tax and extra tips for valet person. My room was on the second floor and next to O’Farrell street too close to street level for someone girl like me who is not entirely accustomed to city noise which lasts all night. The room was uncomfortable, noisy and small. The TV and phone did not work. I opened my minibar fridge and was overwhelmed by a horrible smell and odor. There was some sort of black moldy food left in there. When I called the front desk they said no more room left and I wanted to talk to General Manager but not available or hotel Manager was not available too so I left voice message in his mail box. Third night only the moved me to a new room and thoroughly apologized but did not discounted for because I was part of group. I believe hotel manager did not care of any problem of guests had. Television was not working, phone was not working and it was SO loud! and Thursday mornings are trash pick up...and Friday and Saturday nights are musical day for street people.	
Oct 29 2009 	Friendly accommodating good location	Good location for access to many areas of the city. The entire staff was friendly and eager to please. They were very helpful for a first-time visit to a wonderful city. Their suggestions in getting around the city and in arranging for transportation was second to none. We stayed in a junior suite and had plenty of room for two couples. Request a room away from the street if nighttime noises tend to keep you awake. The restaurant atmosphere at Kuleto's was lovely, and the food was very good. We would return to this hotel on another visit!	
Oct 27 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed at the Villa Florence the weekend of Oct. 16th. I got an unbelievable rate on local getaways and we were not disppointed. We were on the 6th floor and had a room away from the streetside. We never heard a noise the 4 nights we were there. It was super quiet. The room was quite large, by San Fran standards. The bed was super comfortable. The front desk was very friendly and the free internet access in the lobby came in handy on more than 1 occassion. The location on Powell street cannot be beat and this hotel is convenient to everything. If I can get a decent rate, I'm not sure I'll ever stay anywhere else.	
Oct 27 2009 	A special location for a wonderful mini vacation!	I was surprised to find a small hotel in a very central location in SF at such a reasonable rate in a world class city! The service was great and dinner at Kuleto's next door was superb. If you don't want the sounds of the city (sirens, street musicians playing saxophones and garbage trucks in the morning) don't stay here. But if you want a wonderful SF vacation spot near the cable cars, Union Square, Foley's Irish Pub, and Kuletos for dinners, give this place a try. The service was superb, the rooms are renovated to include a killer shower, and all the electronic amenities you need are provided in the room including an IPOD docking station and wireless internet. We would definitely return.	
Oct 27 2009 	Worth the money very clean!	Beautiful hotel, the room was small but very charming and spotless. Great location, right in the heart of Union Square!	
Oct 23 2009 	Business--just work.	I stayed three nights at the Villa Florence. The staff are very helpful and courtous. I was seranaded each night by a sax player outside on the corner; if noise bothers you, ask for an interiour room. The bell hops and front desk were very helpfull in arranging transportation back to the airport and providing directions. They go out of their way to ensure you understand where you want to go and how to get there. The location is excellent. It is near lots of shopping and only a few minutes to lots of public transit including the cable cars. I would go back again, just gotta find the time!	
Oct 23 2009 	A glimpse of luxury but not in our room.	Like others, I read the reviews on here and was excited about having a night in this location. After one night, however, I'm sure that there must be other places a little further away from Union Square with much more appeal.We arrived early, hoping to store our bags for the day. Instead, we were told that we could check in but that the room was at the front of the building, so could be a bit noisy. In hindsight, I should have remembered the statements on Tripadvisor about the noise and turned it down - so I'm partly to blame for my complaint. We're usually able to sleep through most things and didn't mind one night, but it was so loud! It felt like there wasn't a window between us and outside at all.Aside from that, our room was cosy and the hotel was convenient for the BART and restaurants. The bathroom was a little old and battered, but it was easy to ignore. They also tried to sting us with ridiculous phone charges for calls that couldn't be connected, but luckily (after some strong words on check out), these were cleared. We're still waiting for the refund back onto our credit card though.	
Oct 21 2009 	I LOVED IT	I was attending a wedding and only in the city for one night, therefore I was looking for an inexpensive one night stay. My expectations of the Villa Florence was a noisy, Union Square hotel. Much to my surprise, the Villa Florence is a gem in the rough. Clean, charming, great staff and very little street noise at night, with wonderfully appointed rooms. I actually LOVED it! I will recommend the Villa Florence and return again.	
Oct 21 2009 	Perfect place to stay for the Nike Marathon	Our Junior suite was perfect for the 4 of us. We were there only a few days, but the hotel's location was PERFECT for the Nike Marathon's event at Union Square. No rental cars were necessary from the airport since we were able to take BART which was located just a few blocks away. There were lots of restaurants and great shopping opportunities.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great hotel. Small rooms.	It could just have been my room, but I got a room with a queen sized bed and the room itself was just rather small. You would figure that when you're on vacation, the last place you want to spend most of your time is in a hotel room, which is normally true, but when reviewing this hotel before I stayed here, it just sounded like such a grand luxiourious place to stay, and though it was decorated very nicely, my room was just very tiny.It also smells like your grandmothers house. No offense to grandmothers. This is a very historic town and the buildings I understand are very &quot;historic&quot; or &quot;vintage&quot;, rather, just plain old, so there is that oldness smell in the rooms and hallway that I really didn't care for. If you're into old historic places then this place would be terrific for you!	
Oct 15 2009 	Affordable luxury	Our experience at the Villa Florence was truly 5 star. We came nearly 3 hours before check-in and asked if we would store our bags there. They were so accommodating and actually let us check-in that early since a room was ready! The room we stayed in was on the smaller side, but we were only staying one night and didn't need that much space. It was extremely clean and comfortable and had an excellent view of the main street below. They did not skimp on the products in the bathroom, either! When we got back to the hotel after dinner we grabbed a glass of wine in the lobby bar. They had a nice wine list and the prices were fair. The staff were friendly and helpful, but did not disturb us or the other guests much...they just let everyone enjoy themselves and were there if you needed them.We would definitely recommend the Villa Florence and we are looking forward to staying there when we head out to San Francisco next time!	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Service and Location	Charming hotel right in Union Square. The room was very nice and clean. They graciously upgraded our room and gave us a complimentary botle of wine because it was our anniversary. We thought that was really sweet!!The only problem initially was valet service. It seemed to be hectic initially bc everyone was checking in. I guess all I can recommend to valets are their non verbal expressions. IWe understand you're stressed but don't get too flustered. We almost saw one valet run over an old woman. :S Oh, there was a small technical difficulty with our fridge in our room. For some reason the only way we could open it was when my husband actually lifted the desk..but not worries. We really, really enjoyed our stay. It was really fantastic and we will defintely come again!!!Thanks for giving us a memorable anniversary VIlla Florence!!	
Oct 13 2009 	Not worth the money and falsely advertised	We booked this hotel based in part on the stellar reviews, but we were sorely disappointed. We got to the hotel early and were told that our room was not ready, but they would call us when it was. We waited until the proper check in time and went back. The room was ready, but no one had bothered to contact us. We were shown to our room, which was quite a disappointment. We were told promptly by the bellhop that the internet probably would not work in our room, but we could come to the lobby. This is directly opposite of their advertisements, but it wasn't a killing point, so we moved on. We also did not get cell phone reception in the room, but we were still trying to overlook these issues.The bathroom was a total mess. It was extremely tiny, which would not have been a big issue if it had been visually pleasant. Instead it was dingy, poorly lit and dirty. The tub had dark, unattractive stains on it, not at all something you would expect from such an expensive hotel. To add insult to injury, it was supposed to be a &quot;deluxe king,&quot; but the bed was clearly a queen. We contacted the front desk, and they proceeded to give us room keys to other &quot;king&quot; rooms. They also had the same sized beds, although they did seem cleaner. We were never explained if we were being given the option to change rooms or just see that they didn't offer king beds. Finally, we spoke with the manager who told us that these beds were &quot;their kings.&quot; There was no apology, just simply the explanation that they have king beds different than other hotels. I asked why they have special beds, and she just gave a few snarky comments, such as &quot;You should see our doubles&quot; and &quot;Usually we have Europeans and they don't complain.&quot; After directly asking what she can do to remedy the situation, she did not offer a discounted rate or any sort of complimentary service. (I would have been fine just being charged the queen rate.) Her only solution was allowing us to break our reservation without a penalty. We eventually did find other lodgings (more on principle than anything else, as we were feeling disgusted by the general lack of concern for the issue at hand.) After leaving the hotel and being promised we would not be charged, we discovered a $700-plus hold was put on our credit card (a couple hundred more than the entire cost of the stay). To top it off, two days later the manager herself called to ask if we were still planning on checking in. Very unprofessional and disorganized.	
Oct 12 2009 	The Best!!!	My daughter and I went into the city to celebrate her 14th birthday. It was one of the best stays I have ever experienced! The staff went above and beyond. The front staff made my daughter's birthday one to remember!! The room was fabulous as well. Great beds....The restaurant was very, very nice. I couldn't have asked for a better all around stay! Thanks for everything!!	
Oct 12 2009 	First class hotel	We loved this hotel. The lobby was buzzing with people using the bar/restaurant/coffee bar or lounging in the comfy chairs. Very smart! But bar and cafe a bit pricey - be warned. Staff at reception and concierge were fantastically friendly and helpful and welcoming. Room was super. Looks like the official photos but just a little bit shabbier but this didn't diminish our satisifaction. And yes rooms are small but then they always tend to be in cities. We asked for a front facing high-up room so we could enjoy the sounds of the street and the views - pictures uploaded show these - and we got just that on 7th floor. Internal rooms also available for those who prefer the quiet. We nearly booked the Serrano and went to have a look to compare and were glad we didnt; it's location isnt as good and the lobby was reallly just that - no activity and not nearly as smart. Didn't check the rooms but duffice to xay we were delighted with our choice. Villa Florence is also right on Union Square and we walked everywhere from there including the water front so the locationis also first class. Will definately stay there again should we return to SF. Need I say more?	
Oct 8 2009 	We love this hotel!!	My husband and I visited SF for two nights, took a road trip to Monterey for 4 nights, then returned for 1 more night. We stayed all 3 nights in SF at Villa Florence. This was a fantastic place to stay. We requested an internal quiet room which we received. It was the quietest room we have ever had - which is saying something considering the Union Square area can be very noisy. The staff was extremely friendly and welcoming. The location was ideal - easy access to cable cars, bus routes and within walking distance if you like to walk. We would absolutely stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	wonderful stay	This hotel deserves a high mark for service and atmosphere. We wanted a hotel that was indicative to the area-not a chain hotel and it’s exactly that! Charming hotel with a wonderful attentive staff in a great location-on Powell St. next to Union Square. Since we’re a family of 4 we needed a larger room than what is mostly offered in San Francisco so we booked the Jr. Suite-great choice with plenty of room.	
Oct 5 2009 	Just perfect for the price"	&quot;From the comfortable rooms to the excellent coffee shop and restaurant, to the exceptional service, this hotel is superb. There is a constant buzz, warm and friendly atmosphere and excellent location - we will be back&quot;	
Oct 5 2009 	Excellent hotel and location.	My two daughters and I spent a long weekend in San Fran and after much research selected Villa Florence as our hotel. We were not disappointed. The hotel staff is friendly, efficient and very helpful. We had a junior suite which worked out very nicely for the three of us. The rooms were spacious and clean. We asked for extra towels and they were brought up promptly. This is a great location in Union Square, transportation is just outside the door. We flew in from Oakland A/P and took Bart to the hotel. It was within easy walking distance from Bart. The trolley cars are right outside the door. We went to the theater on Saturday and it was very close as well. We walked to China town for shopping and dinner...Just a perfect location. I would highly recommend.	
Oct 1 2009 	Better than I even hoped it would be!	After spending a huge amount of time looking at reviews for the best hotels at the best price, I found this one. The management is doing everything possible to make sure that all is well cared for, clean, pleasant and beautiful. I read many good reviews about this hotel and I am adding to the collection! I want to go again and finish seeing all of San Francisco one day, and I will surely return.	
Sep 30 2009 	Lovely hotel and great location	My wife and I spent 5 nights at Villa Florence. We chose the hotel based on comments we read from others who had stayed, plus we got a great deal through Expedia.ca. We found the location ideal as right in the heart of Union Square with the cable cars going right by the front door. We took the suggestion of someone who had stayed and asked for an inside room. No noise from the street but there is also no view at all, but good trade-off. The room while not big was very nicely decorated and comfortable with a large flat screen TV. There is a mini-bar and a safe in the room. I don't think it matters where you stay in the city, there are homeless on every street corner but they don't bother you except for asking for handouts. No need for a car as all the major stores within an easy walk and numerous restaurants. Our tip for first time visitors to the city is don't stand in the long line for a cable car ride. Buy your ticket, then walk up a few blocks and wait for it to come to you. It stops at every intersection. An alternate method to Fisherman's Wharf is the F-line trolley on Market St. For $2.00/person, it will take you to the Wharf, Pier 39 (shopping), Pier 33 (Alcatraz tour).	
Sep 30 2009 	Great place to stay	Villa Florence was more than we expected. Check in was a breeze and the staff were wonderful. Our room was spacious and very very clean as was the bathroom. There was always an &quot;hello&quot; each time we passed the receiption desk which made us feel special. Not only is the location perfect for a San Francisco visit, but the free internet was an added bonus, as we didn't travel with a computer and were able to keep in contact with our family and friends in Australia.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great service and wonderful location	We recently spent 2 nights at the Villa Florence. What could have been a real mess with our reservation was handelled quickly, efficiently and courteously. We had separate reservations for the 2 nights and were unable to combine the reservations so we did not have to change rooms. Leta at the front desk did this so nicely. We will be staying at the Villa Florence again in December. The hotel goes out of its way to be of service. Great location, close to Union Square, great restaurants that are in walking distance, and live theatre within walking distance.	
Sep 29 2009 	It was wonderful	The hotel was more than I expected. It was special because we were looking for wedding dresses for my friend and walking in the Susan G. Komen Breast cancer race on Sunday.	
Sep 28 2009 	Excellent Service Perfect Location and Clean Beautiful Rooms	The Villa Florence is located near Union Square in downtown San Francisco. The location is great because the trolley car, cabs and bus service is located right outside the hotel. The restaurant inside the hotel is wonderful. The service is great and the food is wonderful. Everyone is really friendly, too. I traveled with my husband, sister and her husband, and they were all very impressed with the hotel. I have stayed at other large hotels in the past, but I liked the warm and friendly atmosphere at the Villa Florence. It is a classy hotel.	
Sep 28 2009 	Ideal location!	We booked during a special and were very pleased. Location was perfect; shopping, food, access to trains, buses, cabs, cable cars. Eay ride to Fishermans Wharf. Close to BART. Small rooms, but we just needed it for sleeping and showering. Neat and tidy. Took a gamble on a boutique hotel over a name brand and very happy we did!	
Sep 21 2009 	Loved this Hotel	We booked online for our anniversary. We stayed in a junior suite which was very spacious and comfortable. The room was clean and quiet. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The location in Union Square is the best. One of the best hotels I have stayed in!	
Sep 15 2009 	brilliant	My friend and I stayed in a junior suite for a week. We got a really good deal via another website and could not have been more delighted. The room was great and when we checked in the receptionist made sure we were in a quiet room (even though we did not ask). The hotel generally was lovely with a good bar and restaurant and very placed for seeing San Francisco. The staff in particular made this hotel stand out. Nothing was too much trouble and this was all staff from the reception staff who gave great advice on shopping to the cleaners who did a great job and thanked us for making the bed!	
Sep 9 2009 	Loved everything about it	My Husband and I booked this hotel on hotwire for our anniversary and were very very happy with everything. The staff the room, the location, the price - they all were fantastic. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again in the future. Plus, the room has a/c, which was important while we were there since they had unseasonably warm weather for most of the days we visited, and our cab driver said that a lot of hotels don't have a/c. The little restaurant next to the hotel was great - Bellini? I think it was called. Great coffee, good breakfast sandwiches to go, etc. The only negative was the amount of homeless in the area, but that's pretty common in San Francisco from what I could tell. Otherwise, a great experience that I would highly recommend.	
Sep 8 2009 	beatuiful hotel	This was my first time staying here but it will not be the last. it was a great room and very quite for the location of the hotel. the staf was the best at any hotel i have ever stayed.	
Sep 4 2009 	I just booked my return for next month--LOVED IT	What a lovely hotel. The renovation is beautiful, the restaurant (Kuleto's) is excellent, and the location is right in the thick of all that makes SF unique--cable cars, union square, theatres. Our interior room was extremely quiet and comfortable (we requested it to avoid street noise). But what really compelled me to write this review (my first ever) is how extremely personable and attentive every single staff member is. They must be treated really well because they all seemed to really enjoy their jobs and went out of their way to accommodate our every request.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great location.	The Villa Florence is definitely a beautiful hotel. The staff was a bit rushed and not very attentive, but they were busy so no harm done.The rooms are gorgeous. Very very spacious and plush. Huge tv, nice size desk, and a wonderful little chair and ottoman with still plenty of space to roam around.The bathroom, on the other hand, is very small. This didn't really bother us much, but figured I'd mention it in case it's a selling point for any one else. All in all it was a very nice stay, the restaurant looked pretty good but we opted out and went to the Daily Grill around the corner instead. Great food there. Not meaning any disrespect to the on site restaurant, just didn't try it.All in all a pretty good stay, although if you're looking for a view this one's not for you, we were looking onto a rooftop with views of another building. Once again, only important if the view is the selling point. Perfect location and great value. It only lost a star because we stayed at the Chancellor just down the road and that hotel was a lot more hospitable and, to me, more charming as well.	
Aug 31 2009 	lovely rooms amazing location but please wash the carpet in the corridors	we honeymooned here in August or 3 nights. Hotel staff very friendly but service at the restaurant just awful. our room was nice, with a very large and confortable kind size bed. instead corridors and lifts look very old and not particular clean...avoid rooms on the main street otherwise you will enjoy pop music from the pub downstairs all night long.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great Stay	We spent 4 nights there in August. Having stayed at the Villa Florence 3 years ago we hoped that the excellent service and fine facilities would be the same. To our surprise they were even better under new ownership. The staff is always friendly and willing to offer assistance. If wifi is a priority make sure that you test out the room before you check in. It didn't work in my first room but they had no problem moving me. The fitness room was adequate. What we really enjoy about the Villa Florence is it's central location and proximity to the cable car, bus and Bart systems. There are restaraunts repesenting every ethnic group possible within walking distance. The Union Square location means that there is always action outside of the hotel so make sure that you ask for a room facing the inside. Those rooms are extremely quiet.	
Aug 26 2009 	It's overated	The location is excellent. It's one step away from Union Square, and very close to the cable car station. The restaurant attached to the hotel has excellent food &amp; services. However, if you are going for a business trip, you might need to reconsider. I confirmed with the front desk that the hotel provides free WiFi access throughout the hotel and in all rooms. However, during my 4 nights stay in the hotel, the WiFi never worked in my room. The front desk people asked me to use the computers in the business center, but there's always a long line-up. The WiFi in the lobby didn't work properly either. Also, the service was horrible. Even though the hotel couldn't deliver what was promised, the lady at front desk refused to do a room rate adjustment (because my trip was booked via Expedia). She didn't even offer me a complimentary breakfast the next day. Also, the rooms might look really nice in the pictures in the official website, the ceilings in the room I stayed definitely needs to be repainted.	
Aug 26 2009	Wonderful atmosphere in a historic building	Great rooms, staff is awesome. Make sure to eat at Kuletos, WONDERFUL food and bartenders are teriffic!!! Perfectly located in downtown San Fran. Highly recommend.	
Aug 26 2009 	One of the best places I have stayed so far...	Truly, this is an outstanding hotel, in the heart of SF, great service, great rooms, great people....don't miss this if you are in S Francisco...	
Aug 25 2009	Exceptional Hotel in a great San Francisco location	Stayed two nights in the Junior Suite with my sister and niece and the room was very comfortable for three people and there was plenty of room for suitcases and wine cases brought back from Napa. The hotel staff were very helpful with directions, suggestions, etc. I love the convenience and quality of the restaurant Kuleto and Bar Norcino in the lobby. The location is perfect in Union Square and close to great restaurants, shopping and sights. The lobby is beautiful and the renovated room decor is really nice. Don't hesitate to stay at this lovely hotel.	
Aug 25 2009 	The SF's Hotel where to stay	Excellent hotel, very well located near almost everything....customer-oriented personel, the rooms are OK, the service is at a good standard level, the restaurant and the bar are also providing good food...One negative point : it smells something bad in the corridors...can be repaired I hope.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great location ambience but choose your room carefully	The location couldn't be better. The two most popular cable car routes pass outside, a few minutes walk from the BART station bringing you in from the airport.and just down from Union Square. First impressions are good also. Large airy foyer helped by the fact that the Coffee Shop is open to the street.Very happy with the room and bathroom, both of which were nicely furnished (huge TV) and the bathroom especially did have that Italian feel as advertised. However....we couldn't get the internet in our room. The hotel's technical support (very helpful) said it was probably because we were at one end of the hotel. We needed to be nearer the center. I managed by sitting on the central stairway or down in the Business Center. Funnily enough I did manage to weakly connect to the neighboring Hotel's system.The crunch came our first night. Although you do expect some noise in a central city location the patrons of the Irish Pub across the road were obviously in great spirits until the early hours of the morning. If this wasn't bad enough deliveries to the various establishments began before 6.00 a.m. at least two of which consisted what sounded like emptying of recycling dumpsters from a great height. Coupled with the lack of internet in our room we asked to be moved. Quality double glazing would have eliminated this problem.The Hotel staff were very understanding. The new room didn't have a view (but one not needed), was quiet and had a strong internet connection. The only thing I'd say was that compared with our first room, the bathroom was tiny - twice the width of the tub and only about a foot longer. For us personally quiet nights and internet were more important than a large bathroom so we were happy. I strongly suggest you make your room preferences known to the Hotel when you book.We used the Hotel Coffee Shop for breakfast most mornings. Very good and prices comparable to establishments elsewhere in the area. Treated ourselves to breakfast in the restaurant one morning and, again, this was good and no more expensive than elsewhere. We didn't have dinner in the Hotel Restaurant but noticed that it was full every evening so probably would have tried it if we were staying longer.No doubt we would stay at the same Hotel again and, with the proviso above, would thoroughly recommend it to fellow Travelers.	
Aug 18 2009 	Fantastic hotel - perfect location excellent quality great value!	We stayed at the Villa Florence for 7 nights during a recent trip to the USA West Coast. Usually when travelling, we stay in hostels and budget hotels but chose to splash out a bit on this holiday and we certainly weren't disappointed! Booked the hotel through hotels.com and managed to get a brilliant deal so check out this when you're booking. The hotel is located within very easy walking distance from the BART so arriving from the international airport and getting the train into the city was very easy. The main lobby was elegant, and staff very accomodating. We were given a street facing room - despite facing one of the main roads in the city, with the cable cars passing, it was incredibly quiet! Rooms were very tastefully decorated, with decent storage space. The bathroom was a little on the small side, but this would be my only criticism. One of the main shopping malls was down the street, with Union Square major department stores and plenty of restaurants on your doorstep. The cable car terminal, and F Line bus stops were metres from the front of the hotel making the location first class in terms of being able to get around to all the major attractions and visit the different neighbourhoods. The hotel lobby had two computers with free internet access for guests, and a great little fitness room again free to use. I would certainly recommend stopping here to friends. San Francisco was a great city with eateries and attractions to match all budgets and i felt the Hotel Villa Florence was the perfect hotel for our holiday.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great location Great experience	My family spent six nights at the Villa Florence and found it was a good location since it was located near all of the city's transportation -- cable cars right outside on Powell St., numerous bus lines, three blocks from the historic street cars and also the BART station. There were many restaurants and high-end shopping nearby and Chinatown was within a short few minute walk away. We were also near a couple of movie theaters, each with stadium seating, one also had an IMAX Theater. The hotel room was comfortable, beautifully renovated with a huge flat-screen t.v. It was more than we could have hoped for. The concierge was not extremely helpful when we asked for a Sunday brunch venue -- it turned out to be closed. I really loved the happy hour at the wine bar from 5 to 7 p.m. They open up the front window to create a sidewalk cafe and the $5 glass of moscato wine was superb. The only drawback to the area is the large number of highly agressive homeless people/beggars. They are in your face and nasty. We did not see one police officer in the area during our entire stay. I would definitely stay there again, if I could get a bargain rate like I did this time.	
Aug 18 2009 	Just Okay...	This was our first trip to San Francisco. We chose Villa Florence because we got a &quot;good deal&quot; on Expedia. The lobby of the hotel was beautiful. After we checked in we went to our room only to find someone was still in it. We went down stairs and were given another room. The room we had was a king delux room. We weren't really impressed with the room at all. The set up was quite akward. You couldn't lie on the bed and see the tv and the room size was a typical boutique size. As far as the &quot;free&quot; wi-fi goes what a joke. The connection is horrible if you do manage to even get connected. Another plus is the La' Occitaine bath products in the rooms! The location of the hotel to public transit was nice. If you are in SF for shopping its the perfect location. The only bad thing about the location of the hotel was proximity to the Tenderloin district and the amount of homeless people in the area. We sat outside for breakfast and we were asked 6 times in 20 minutes for money. Not good. All in all this is just an okay hotel. I wouldn't stay there again.	
Aug 13 2009 	Charming European Elegance in the Heart of San Francisco	I took my wife with me to a conference recently and we stayed at the Villa Florence for the first time. What a wonderful experience! The rooms were elegant, the location on Union Square perfect, and the staff made every detail a pleasure. We couldn't have been happier with our choice. The hotel has easy access to the Bart, the San Francisco metro, cable cars, trolleys and buses. If you arrive at either San Francisco International or Oakland International, the Bart will take you right to the Powell Street Station which is only three blocks from the hotel. We took the Bart each way and saved almost $100 in ground transportation costs from the airport. Villa Florence reminded us of the hotel where we stayed in Florence, Italy a few years ago on a second honeymoon.	
Aug 12 2009 	An excellent well kept hotel with very helpful staff	We stayed for four nights in early August. We had a very pleasant stay with a lovely room on the 7th floor on the inside of the building which was excellent as Powell Street is central street in SF. Check-in was seemless, the room was a very nice size and the bathroom had a bath which was a nice surprise. The rooms are very clean and the beds comfortable. The hotel was very busy however the staff always seemed to find time to be friendly and efficient in dealing with requests. On the downside, the internet access is not up to scratch. For wireless there were intermittant problems which need to be fixed. For breakfast outside the hotel I recommend Sears Cafe (nothing to do with the retailer) which is two blocks up on the left across from Union Square.	
Aug 11 2009 	Excellent Choice	I stayed at the Villa Florence for 5 nights for a girls getaway. The hotel is in a perfect location for sightseeing. It is half a block from Union Square. The cable car turnaround is less than a five minute walk. Our deluxe double double room was very nicely decorated and spotlessly clean. The room was a good size for a city hotel. I really liked the complimentary bath products. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 11 2009	Elegant touch of old and new Italian style	I read some reviews that said lot about the noisyness of Villa Florence because of the location. I was little worried so I called your hotel your staff who informed me that my reservation is with &quot;Junior Suite&quot; , that I had nothing to worry about. Well, it was true and it was fabulous.	
Aug 10 2009 	Fabulous hotel it has everything: location service 	We went for a birthday weekend, checking in and out was very easy. No problems with service at all. I loved our room it was clean and classy. The beds were very comfy, and the bathrooms were very nice. It was great that they checked our bags for us so that we were able to shop.	
Aug 7 2009 	A great place to stay in San Francisco	The Villa Florence is in an excellent location, really close to Union Square and cable car terminus. We found the hotel staff to be extremely helpful in giving advice regarding transport tickets, directions, etc. There are plenty of places to eat within easy walking distance of the hotel. The kingsize rooms are very good and, as suggested by someone else, we requested quieter rooms away from Market and Powell. Valet parking service was very good - I saw cheaper parking within a few blocks of the Villa Florence, but we liked the flexibility of no in/out restrictions that valet parking gave us. It was only on the first day of our trip that we encountered a problem stopping outside the hotel - drove around the block a couple of times until a space opened up - otherwise, absolutely fine.	
Aug 3 2009 	Very nice and clean and comfortable good location	Other than the slanted floor , reno's worked very well to show an improved room, very clean and maintained..	
Aug 2 2009 	Great place to stay!	We stayed in one of the Jr. suites for 6 days recently. The location was wonderful - right down from Union Square and a block away from the Cable Car turn around. We had plenty of room for three people and were very pleased with the layout of the room and the luxurious bed linens. We had requested a room away from the street and it was unbelievably quiet - we never heard a sound. Staff were very helpful and professional. We would stay there again in a heartbeat. The only issue was a problem with the wi-fi - poor connectivity as we were on the top floor but staff immediately offered to move us to another room. We declined and decided to live without the laptop as our room was so comfortable and quiet and we had computer access in the business center.	
Jul 30 2009 	Enjoyed our stay	Loved the hotel. Wonderful people who take great care and pride in their job. Amenities were fabulous. Would stay there again. Wish Larkspur had hotels on the East coast.	
Jul 29 2009 	Classic SF Hotel - continues to be a favorite for our family	We just returned home from a great California adventure trip (we live in CA) planned around seeing the show Wicked in SF. Once tickets were secured the next thing I did was book a Jr. Suite at the Villa Florence where we have stayed before. It doesn't disappoint. There are so many things we love about it aside from it's location (right off of Union Square). This time we stayed three nights and found the staff especially attentive to our every need. The bellmen are some of the best in the city I am certain.We ate at Kuleto's for breakfast with friends and as usual it was fabulous, after seeing the show we enjoyed a cheese and salami plate with wine at the recently added Bar Norcini. The person who helped us was very knowledgeable about varieties and parings. We love the European feel of this hotel as it reminds us of other travels - there is a quaintness that I have come to appreciate and look forward to. This is NOT a huge hotel with vast spaces and expansive halls. The rooms are well furnished, the beds and linens are very comfortable and the bathrooms are clean and well appointed - but the facilities are not expansive. You will be comfortable and it is surprisingly quiet for a hotel in the middle of the city. Excellent value.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great atmosphere and great value.	I have stayed at the Villa Florence twice in the last 3 months. It is super charming, clean, and had great rates.	
Jul 28 2009 	great ambience- great staff very accommodating	very elegant. Staff is very professional and accomodating.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great hotel at the perfect SF location	We arrived with my elderly mom, and found that the Jr. Suite didn't accomodate her. Within a few minutes, the front desk staff had changed the room (on a sold out night) so that she could be settled in. Everyone was great, and the restaurant has excellent meals!	
Jul 23 2009 	Great place to tour San Francisco	Location is great,we only had two nights in SF and this hotel was the perfect base, right next to the tram line and just around the corner from union square. Check-in was swift and polite and the rooms were vey clean and nice. Lovely deco with a colonial feel and crisp linen. The room faced the front of the building and could get a little noisy with tram bells and party goers, so if a quiter room is required request one away from the front. This was the start of a sightseeing tour of the southwest USA so the excitement took away the annoyance of being woken up by party goers and trambells etc. We didnt eat in the resturant but it did look very nice. On the whole a lovely hotel with a great feel and great start to our holiday.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great value boutique hotel	Great location close to Powell Street trolley turn and Union Square. Room small but well fitted and with free wifi - large walk in wardrobe. I had a room at the back which was quiet but dark. Shower room small and functional. The restaurant next door (Kuletos) is fabulous for breakfast and dinner - seafood risotto was superb. Really good value for money for a central city location.	
Jul 21 2009 	A Perennial Winner near Union Square	We have stayed at the Villa Florence repeatedly for over 20 years and it is consistently our favorite hotel in San Francisco. Under its new management the renovated rooms have been elegantly and tastefully furnished, including the addition of a large screen flat panel TV (with DVD player) in each and the provision of L'Occitane products in the bath. It's convenient Union Square location, as well as its welcoming and caring staff are complemented by a top flight restaurant on the premises - Kuleto's, where a meal is mandatory at least once. In a city where there are many lodging choices at every price point, this gem delivers everything you could reasonably desire in a hotel: convenience, a caring and efficient staff, comfort and good value. Highly recommended.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good location on Union Square	Nice hotel with a great location right on Union Square. Plenty of good restaurants and shopping within walking distance. Catch the cable car right outside the hotel for the waterfront. Older, smallish but very comfortable rooms but an elegant hotel lobby. Staff was excellent and very helpful.	
Jul 17 2009 	Nice hotel great location	This hotel was a great location to base our trip to San Francisco from. Great location to trolley/cable cars.Wonderful restaurant and great coffee shop/wine bar in the lobby. Comfy beds to rest from the long days of shopping/sightseeing. We had a room facing Powell Street, perhaps a bit noisey from the street cars and the passersby, even into the early morning hours, might be better to request a room located away from Powell. Overall, a nice hotel, we would stay there again.	
Jul 14 2009 	Renovated Boutique Charmer	We chose this hotel after careful review of TripAdvisor.com. We stayed at Villa Florence for approx. two weeks (helping my daughter plan her upcoming wedding) and could not have been more pleased. The staff is friendly and professional. It is a &quot;green&quot; hotel, newly refurbished. It is well situated with every type of public transportation within steps. Would readily choose this hotel again for our next visit.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great hotel that is perfectly situated in the city	We stayed for 4 nights with other friends from England. The hotel is perfectly placed for sight seeing and about a 30 second walk from Union Square and all the shops. Also the cable cars run right along the street in front of the hotel.The room we had was very nicely fitted out with a massive flat panel TV and ipod doc etc. It was spacious enough for us and certainly we had no problems with traffic noise etc. (although we were at the back of the hotel) The bathroom was very small but again nicely fitted out. The staff were the hotels great strength though we thought, as nothing seemed to be too much trouble. This was our first time in San Francisco and we loved the hotel and how perfectly situated it was for all the tourist hot spots. By the way if you want a recommendation for breakfast, we really liked a place called the Olympic Cafe which is a five minute walk from the hotel (turn left out of the front door and then first left and keep walking). It's not high class, but if you want a good value, typically American diner type meal, it's worth a try.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great Choice	I echo many of the good comments here about the Villa Florence. I opted for a stay here while attending a conference at a nearby big-chain hotel. The Villa Florence offered the peace and quiet of a boutique hotel while giving up none of the amenities. Plus they don’t nickel and dime you for every little service. (WIFI is free for example). Staff was courteous. Bar and restaurant great. I’d stay again.	
Jul 9 2009 	Simply: Lovely Hotel Helpful Staff and Good Location	We stayed for a week at Villa Florence, I asked for a quiet room which we got. The lobby is beautiful and the business center was very useful to print off tickets etc from. Housekeeping were very quick and polite. My only complaint is very small, unfortunately, we had a room that looked straight out onto another window about 3metres away. Though it didn't spoil the holiday, I would recommend this hotel for its lovely rooms and very handy location. It is right next to Macy's and a very short walk to Union SquareInsider Tip: There is a cable car stop on Powell and Geary Street (right by the hotel) wait there to catch the car to Fishermans Wharf and Chinatown- if you go all the way to the bottom the queues are unbelievable! Just hop on to the car when it stops at the intersection, have your ticket or fare ready and be on your way. This tip saved us a VERY long time waiting in queues!Stay away from: The Mini Bar (Silly expensive), Kuletos the restaurant inside the hotel (the staff were great but the food was extremely over-priced and not worth the money), Be careful of the many homeless people out on the streets, they are all over San Francisco and to be honest you can't get away from them. Go to: Next door to the Hotel there was a good little place for breakfast, The Cheesecake Factory nearby inside Macy's always a queue but wonderful food for reasonable prices. Opposite Macys many of the sight seeing buses can be boarded and used, these will take you all round the attractions and then bring you back.	
Jul 8 2009 	Always a Good Place to Stay and Getting Better	We have been staying at the Villa Florence on visits to San Francisco for ten years. I believe that this is our fourth stay. It has always been a classy hotel in a good location.This visit, to our delight, we found larger, remodeled rooms under the new ownership/management. A good place got even better.The staff is frieindly and attentive without being intrusive. The location is ideal -- you go out the front door into the bustle of San Francisco with easy access to all forms of public transit. The rates are reasonable. If there is something not to like about the Villa Florence, it has escaped our attention.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Hotel!	Stayed here for a 5 day conference at the Moscone Center. The hotel was elegant, staff was helpful and the location was a hot spot. Located in Union Square, I could walk to prime shopping locations and premiere bars and night clubs. Great location, right in the hub of international travelers.	
Jul 1 2009 	Excellent friendly employees with great location	This hotel is in great location close to Union Square, and all the major shopping areas. The employees are attentive, friendly and provides excellent service. And the room is very clean with nice amenities. Strongly recommended for leisure or business stay. Cheers	
Jul 1 2009 	Classic botique hotel gets it right with its Green and no smoking initiatives"	I spent only one night at this eclectic hotel in the heart of Union Square. The room was spacious and reminiscent of a quaint 40's style studio I once rented on Nob Hill back in the late 70s. Although older in style, this hotel doesn't lack the modern conveniences. 50&quot; plasma TV, travertine tile bath rooms, fresh robes and real wood shutters, not plastic! The staff is very accommodating and friendly, catering to your every need.Their Green and no smoking policy puts them right up there in the environmentally conscious category. The little coffee and cafe bar is magic. The menu sports Italian wines, gourmet pastries and a variety of cheeses and dried meats. While enjoying a glass of wine, I struck up a conversation with another patron whose name turned out to be the same as mine (not a common name either). And we both shared birthdays under the same Zodiac sign. When a social experience like that happens, I attribute it to the surroundings and the good energy the atmosphere creates.I would highly recommend this little gem.	
Jun 30 2009 	I love this place!	What a great hotel! Excellent location on Powell Street right in Union Square --if you are a shopper you will be in heaven! The service was great from the valet people to the front desk receptionists to the housekeeping staff. I don't think I walked by one staff member that did not greet me with a hello or a good morning. The rooms are pretty small but very cozy (same with the bathroom) and CLEAN! The L'Occitane toiletries were an extra treat! Ask for an interior room to keep street noise at a minimum at night. The fitness room is small but has everything you will need to get a thorough workout. This was my second stay at the Villa Florence and the experience was better than the first -- I will definitely be back!	
Jun 25 2009 	Very comfortable and the perfect location	Some friends and I recently stayed at the Villa Florence on our weekend getaway to San Francisco. It was the perfect location and so comfortable. The rooms are beautiful, the furnishings and color choices are great. You can tell that the building is historic, but everything has been updated so nicely, that it is a perfect fit for San Francisco. The staff at this hotel are very freindly and courteous, and there is enough staff in the lobby at any given time to answer all of your questions. The location really couldn't be better. You are right in the heart of Union Square, and the cable car runs right up Powell street in front of the hotel. Once you are done with the hustle and bustle of downtown San Francisco, the Villa Florence is the perfect spot to come back to and relax. While the hotel is upscale, the atmosphere is very casual and relaxed, also our rooms on the 4th and 5th floor were very quiet. We will definitely stay there again and reccommend it to all of our friends.	
Jun 24 2009	Truely a renaissance hotel. Quiet rooms helpful staff and a beautiful atmosphere!	Great location to most everything in SF. Had the feel of an old luxury hotel in europe. Liked the rooms, the amenities and especially the lighting in the bathrooms. The value was a plus, as well.	
Jun 23 2009 	excellent choice	Great location, Very nice hotel.Clean and very good service.Happy with good choice!!!!!!!!!!	
Jun 20 2009 	nice place	The hotel is in a great location, being on a main street felt safe walking to and from hotel at night on my own., close to all types of public transport. The staff were polite, check in/out was a breeze. The room nicely furnished, it was actually bigger than what I was expecting after reading previous reviews. Would stay here again. Free internet is a real bonus considering how much other hotels charge.	
Jun 9 2009 	Elegant European Friendly Great Place to Stay	The Villa Florence was an excellent choice, I did my homework and chose this hotel based on many criteria. The location is great, it's close proximity to MUNI makes it easy to get anywhere in the city very quickly. Union Sqare has great shopping, restaurants, and sightseeing. The hotel restaurant was excellent, it's listed in many best bet lists, the lobby bar was a real European treat too; they have a great selection of meats, cheeses and wines to have a late afternoon snack, the staff was knowledgeable, friendly, and fun. They also have a small selection of breakfast and lunch items at the lobby bar. The room was eleganly furnished, quiet, and comfortable, the bath was excellent as were the toiletries. The only drawback was the room was a bit small. No complaints, just observation, all in all I think it's a great hotel. I would go back again!	
Jun 2 2009 	Excellent Decision!	We just got back from a 3 day trip to San Fran and stayed the first night in the Villa Florence. We arrived early Saturday early afternoon, checked in with the very attentive, helpful valet and front desk. Our room was great, small but perfect for the 2 of us. We had a very full day planned in the city and by the time we arrived back at the hotel a peddler outside was playing a nursery rhyme that sent us both into a deep slumber. The bed was super comfy, nice amenities, great location, and the list goes on. Overall, I'm very please with the hotel and will be back in the future. Con; One reviewer mentioned a noisy room. Our room was noisy (my only complaint) but we were tired enough it didn't matter. May want to call the front desk to help with room designation prior.	
Jun 2 2009 	Beautiful comfortable courteous clean best location and value.	This is our second time, we have stayed at the Villa Florence and it didn't disappoint us. The hotel is simply beautiful, the staff is very helpful courteous and fast, it counts a lot when you have an impatient toddler. The rooms are very clean, the beds have down comforters and pillow tops which makes you feel at home and get a perfect rest.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great staff location and value	just came back from my first trip to San Francisco. I chose this hotel, based on price/quality ratio and the reviews. Initially, I was a little afraid to book with Expedia for a hotel based on the reviews since I couldn't change my mind once I reached there since it was already prepaid. Once I arrived, I was greeted by a most friendly front desk staff. The desk was located at the far end of the entry. One side had Kuleto's restaurant and at the other front side, there was some type of bar/cafe. The hotel elevators are small but there are two for only 7 floors. The hotel room itself was small as described by other travellers but it had all the amenities needed: large screen tv (for such a small room!), mini-bar fridge (I just used it to store things - if you want something from it, be sure to check expiry dates. There were some moldy tops on the soda cans and one coke from the Beijing olympics), room safe, iron and ironing board, hairdryer at the back of the bathroom door, a clock radio with ipod dock and phone with message light which wasn't working on mine - I couldn't pick up any messages but would flash if there was a message for me. There was no bathtub, only a shower stall but that was okay for me since I only take showers. The bathroom was renovated nicely but very small. The room was pretty clean except for a condom wrapper I found under the bed. There was free internet access at the back of the hotel which was super convenient for people who didn't bring a laptop and just wanted to send emails like me. They even had a printer to use. This was free for guests. Every morning, I got a newspaper hanging on my doorknob. Toiletries were from Occitane - soap, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, makeup pads, q-tips and a shower cap. Replaced daily by the maid if you hung the sign that said &quot;Come on in&quot;. We tipped her well every day. The bed and bedding were very comfortable. I think the pillow were down as was the comforter and mattress top. The room was quite clean. The bathroom was also very clean. There was room for a desk and a chair but it was cramped. Just enough room basically to walk around the bed. Must be what they mean by European style. Don't expect your usual large hotel room with a sitting area. The only complaints I had were that the hallways smelled mildewy and the heat/air conditioning was by window units which were noisy and I had to shut it off at night. We had an inside room so there was no street noise except for the occasional siren. Since it was an inside room, there was no view, only of other windows. My friend stayed at another hotel nearby which was much more older, no phone messaging, small tv, and the room was tiny and he paid more than me! The location was great! Near all the transit - trolley, street cars, metro (subway), shopping, large department stores like Macy's, Bloomingdales, Neiuman Marcus, Sak's Fifth Avenue. There's a large shopping mall right on Market Street down the street. It's right downtown and you can easily walk to Chinatown. Just a warning, avoid Ellis street. It is full of homeless people and smells strongly of urine especially west of Powell. All the staff I had contact with were really friendly and helpful. I took Lorrie's shuttle to the airport and they were early and helped me with my bag. I had a 5:30am pick up and he was there before I came downstairs at 5:20am to check out! I felt bad for the 5 people in the van waiting for me. Overall, I was very happy with this hotel.	
May 29 2009 	A gem I'm afraid others will find out about.	The location was the draw. (O.K. and Kuleto's too). It completely sucked us in on every other appointment. A charming, nicely maintained room of larger than expected size. A thoughtful handwritten note and refreshment. Each staff member we encountered seemed happy to help us and happy to work there. Most of all, no one responded to us, &quot;no problem&quot;. Instead it was an appropriate, &quot;You're welcome&quot;. or &quot;Thank you&quot;. Refreshing . We will be back shortly.	
May 29 2009 	Villa Florence is a wonderful hotel next to everything in San Francisco	I was very impressed with the Villa Florence Hotel. The day I arrived it was my Mother's birthday. When we checked into our rooms there was chocolate, wine and a birthday card greeting us, which was a very wonderful and thoughtful surprise. This being our first time in San Francisco we were very impressed. The rooms were nice and clean as well as the bathroom. The only thing I would change is if the bathroom could have been a little bigger. Overall this was an excellent hotel and the next time I come to San Francisco I will be staying at the Villa Florence Hotel.	
May 28 2009 	Great little hotel excellent location friendly staff	Extremely easy to find the hotel, which is always one of my concerns after a long flight - you literally take the BART from the airport to Union Square, and walk for 1 minute up the road (full of shops/bars/restaurants!) and your their.We only had 2 days in San Francisco, and had a lot we wanted to see, and I cannot speak more highly of the staff; different members at different times were continuously friendly, pointing out the locations of places on our map, chatting to us about the quicker way to do things etc. The hotel itself was lovely; comfortable rooms, clean. Please note the rooms are not huge, but if your in San Fran why would you be spending your time in your room?! They make up for it with their cleanliness and decor.I would definatly return to this hotel.	
May 24 2009 	Villa Florence a bit of elegant charm and most welcoming staff.	Most impressed with the hospitality displayed by the entire staff. Rooms were immaculate!Pillow top beds and quiet rooms.	
May 21 2009 	Mother's Day Overnight in the City	Love everything about this place....location, price, location, service, location...well, everything except parking. But there is something exciting about double parking on Powell Street on top of the cable car tracks to get valet service. Old-style building with really slow and small elevators but the room interiors have been nicely appointed and the beds are super comfortable. Great place for a late night lemoncello.Stayed here half a dozen times. Never been disappointed. Price is reasonable for San Francisco Union Square.	
May 19 2009 	Wonderful Place to Stay	I took my fiance for a romantic birthday weekend in San Fransisco. Our stay was everything we expected and more. The hotel is located downtown and within walking distance or trolly car ride away form everything. The room was quaint and cute and the staff very friendly and accomodating. We will stay here again!	
May 12 2009 	A breath of fresh air	I stayed at the Villa Florence with my boyfriend this past weekend and we had a phenomenal time. The staff did such a wonderful job of accommodating our needs. To begin, we arrived early and they allowed us to check-in to our room early, which was awesome. When we arrived, I inquired about the evening wine tasting that I recall the hotel having (I have stayed at the Villa Florence before with my parents). They informed us that they no longer do this. I was bummed, but moved on without skipping a beat. When we arrived in our room, we received a call stating that we would be receiving a complimentary bottle of wine for our troubles. That was so thoughtful and really made us happy campers. Finally we went out in the city on Sunday and arrived back to the hotel late Sunday night. We had not yet eaten dinner and were having trouble finding an open restaurant. When we arrived at the hotel, we inquired about any local eateries that were open. The concierge gave us menus, and even called and ordered our pizza and salad for us! We were so grateful and felt so lucky to have such a caring hotel staff. We are looking forward to one day staying at the Villa Florence again. What a great trip we had, thanks to the Villa Florence Hotel!	
May 9 2009 	We got the right hotel.	This is our second visit to San Francisco and our first time to stay in the Union Square area. During our first visit, 2 years ago, we stayed in the vicinity of Fisherman's Wharf. I am so happy that I chose the right hotel for our brief stay in the city this year. Brief as this is just the first leg of our month long US vacation. The hotel's location is the best. Just a stone throw away from the Union Sq., along the Powell St. where the cable cars pass. Everything is so near. The big shops and stores, the Market, bus terminals, convenient stores and restaurants. And the staff are great especially the Filipinos. They are so warm and friendly. Our room is the best. We were given a corner room on the 7th floor w/c I think is the top floor. The room is spacious, clean and free of smell. Free coffee and newspapers everyday. There's a coffee shop and a restaurant in the lobby. And here's the catch. Free internet in the hotel lobby. There's even printer and lots of clean papers for printing. And an ATM machine too. You can not ask for more.We will surely go back to this hotel in our next visit to Sanfo. We just hope that the accommodation will be as pleasurable if not better. Maybe free breakfast?Thanks to Cora and Lita. The 2 Fiipinas who assisted us.More power to all of you!	
May 5 2009 	The hotel is excellent in all areas; service location and price.	The hotel is in an excellent location. The staff are exceptional, the rooms are very well done and my room was spacious, plus the price is perfect. In addition, Kuleto's and Bar Norcini are two great places for eating and drinking. I will book here again.	
May 2 2009 	The rooms may be small buy the people are very friendly.	The room was rather small but the location was great and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Clarence (Conciere) and Albert (Bellman), were readily available to give you directions and advice, call you a cab or tell you where to get a cheap breakfast. The hotel's restruant was good Italian cuisne. I would stay there again.	
May 2 2009 	Pleasant Stay	Had to take a test in San Fran and got a pretty good deal from Expedia on this hotel. Easy check in- free wireless high speed -I loved that! Interesting location fronting cable car route. Location is ideal for shoppers/museum visitors. Asked for and got room away from street noise, just could not figure out where the irritating hum, that seemed to go on all night, was coming from.	
Apr 25 2009 	Would rather stay somewhere else in Union Square	I stayed here for a weekend rate of $123 plus Tax, I had a King Jr Suite (Maybe this is considered a suite, A King Bed and small seating area)ConsDesk Chair was broke and stuck in the lowest level.Unusual yellow rusty liquid came out of tub nozzle when shower was turned on.AC/Heat is a Window Unit and was level exactly at our heads while in Bed, no way to get the air from blowing directly on our faces while in Bed.Hotel is Very Old, lacks power outlets other than desk area.Bathroom had Mildew Small, probably from immovable shower head that sprays water against back of shower/wall.PROSNice Friendly StaffFree WiFiGreat LocationI personally would not stay here again, I am sure some of the other rooms are nicer than mine however currently there are some inexpensive rates at both of the Westin's in Union Square and Hotel Palomar, I would check to see the rates at those properties and if they are close to Villa Florence I would stay there instead.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great SF Shopping Hotel	I arrived with my aunt to go shopping at Union Square SF. We arrived on Friday afternoon amidst crazy commute traffic. You pull up in front of the hotel to have the valet take the car and the car behind me wouldn't back up so I could parralel park in front of the hotel. The very nice doorman came out and made the car behind me back up...thanks! The bellman took our bags, check in was a breeze. We got room 717 which overlooks Powell St, which is busy and noisy. The cable car goes by on Powell, so that can be charming or annoying, depends on how you look at it. I think it was charming. It is noisy though! The room was not as clean as I would like it. The decor was nice and updated, but the carpet was a little tired and the 17 kazillion coats of paint on the walls was a bit much. I also noticed a musty smell throughout the hallways, just smelled old and as if the air system needed to be cleaned out bad. We ate dinner Friday night at Plouf, a French restaurant about 10-15 minute walk away and had awesome mussels, mine was in coconut broth, with a little spice. It was dee-lish! We had lunch on Saturday at Kuleto's, the restaurant in the hotel. Yummy Italian food. The bread they bring before your meal is very yummy. My risotto was a little too al dente, and too much salt, but still yummy. I was surprised at the $40 charge for the car valet. That seemeed steep, but that's life in the big city. The hotel is the best location for shopping!	
Apr 15 2009 	Lacked a warm welcome	We arrived at the hotel a little after 10:00 in the evening. Parking is valet and no one was available to help with the bags or take care of the cars that jammed the entrance. I squeezed in the car to park and we took care of our own bags and checked into the room. First impressions were not good... However, the location is great for shopping in Union Square. I also liked theStarbucks on the corner and the convenience store a half block away. Cable car is right out front. The bathroom had an institutionalized feel with the walk in shower and stark pedestal sink - no where to put make-up, hair dryer, etc. when getting ready. The shower was more than adequate with good water pressure. On the second and third night the valet parking situation did improve and personnel were very accomodating. The room is small and does have a slight smell which I just associate with old buildings. Overall, I would stay here again due to the location.	
Apr 3 2009 	Patient Reception Staff	Firstly, Villa Florence is in a great location just south of Union Square. Unfortunately, our rooms weren't ready when we checked in at 1600 (although reception didn't know this, we found out when we entered our rooms). This was quickly sorted out to be fair.Unfortunately, my room didn't have a safe so I changed the following day. My new room didn't have any wireless signal so I switched again to a room where all was well.The small bar was fine however I wasn't too impressed with the onsite restaurant. The food wasn't that good and was quite pricey.There is no room service at this hotel and the only information you get about the place is a piece of A4 with little information - no typical pack detailing the services they provide.It was a pleasant stay, don't get me wrong, but with a little extra work it could be a great place given the price of the rooms.	
Mar 24 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Stay	Me and my husband stayed at this hotel for 2 nights to get away for a little while. The hotel is nice and in the middle of everything. It is in Union Square. Very busy area but just minutes from the mall, stores, restaurants, China Town and the cable cars. The hotel employees were very nice. The rooms were nice considering the historic building. The only down fall was the parking. It was 40.00 a night for valet. We parked our car at the O'Farrel parking garage just a block down from the hotel for 30.00 a night which saved us about $20.00. We will be going back!	
Mar 11 2009 	Fabulous Hotel 	My husband and I stayed at Villa Florence many years ago and thoroughly enjoyed our visit so we decided to stay there again this past January 29-31, 2009. We were very pleased with the lovely renovated rooms and found the entire staff from the Doorman, Concierge, Reception and Housekeeping to be most efficient, accommodating and considerate. I knew our stay would be delightful as I received a personalized confirmation within minutes of placing my on-line reservation directly with the hotel assuring me that the quiet room on higher floor that I had requested had been reserved. Upon arrival, after a 6 hour delayed flight from the East Coast, Lea, the Receptionist, warmly greeted us and unexpectedly upgraded us to a junior suite. Needless to say, we were ecstatic . We were also starving, however as it was Friday evening, Kuleto's Italian Restaurant which is accessed from inside Villa Florence was completely booked. While it didn't seem possible we could be seated, Lea, the Receptionist immediately offered to personally speak with Kuletos reservation manger. Within minutes Lea had magically secured a dinner reservation for half an hour later and the dining experience was memorable, so memorable in fact that the next morning we had breakfast and another great dinner the following evening. Our spacious, two room, Tuscan inspired junior suite was beautiful and immaculate. Soothing shades of umber, brown, turquoise with luxurious upholstery, drapes and bedding with beautiful Burl wood furniture. The entire bathroom was remodeled with a large sink vanity and completely tiled in beige marble with glass tile accents, bathrobe, hair dryer and L’Occitane bath products and thick white towels . There was a great little coffee maker with Starbucks coffee pods and a complimentary bottle of water. The flat screen TV with a wall bracket could be viewed from both the sitting area and bed. Also there was a DVD player and a docking station. Oh, did I mention how wonderful the bed was? Egyptian sheets, a down duvet cover, multiple pillows (down, foam non-allergic etc). The Housekeeping staff were so considerate and polite. Each day, the housekeeper assigned to our room left us a note thanking us for the gratuity we left each day. We haven't seen that in many years. Also, if you are arriving at SFO and require transportation to and from the hotel, make arrangements in advance with the Concierge as they have an arrangement with a private shuttle service that is less than the airport shuttle services and the only stop they make is to Villa Florence. What more can I say except that it was a fabulous weekend!	
Feb 25 2009 	Great hotel in the heart of Union Square	Got great deal for this King room on Orbitz. Staff was very nice when we checked in. I had requested an exterior corner room and that is what we got. There was some street noise but not enough to bother us. The room was decent size and clean. The whole hotel had a weird smell. Not sure if it was just from the age or what....could not figure it out. Bathroom was very small and had no counter space, only frees tanding sink. Stand up shower was good size. We were right on the cable car line which was great about getting around town. Bed had feather bed top and was very comfy. Free internet was a plus. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 28 2009 	wonderful surprise especially for the price	Booked a Sunday night in Villa Florence for an interview the next morning thinking it'd be just a simple place to stay for a night, but I was pleasantly surprised to pull up at a beautifully remodeled hotel right in the middle of the city downtown Union Square shopping! Valet (yes, a steep $40/night for unlimited in/out) was courteous and patient as I unloaded everything from my car from grocery bags to little odds and ends (I thought it would be self-park). At the check-in, they were asked whether I wanted street- or quiet-side room -- I decided to go with top-floor street-side room for more light and the noise actually didn't end up bothering me too much (though I would advise earplugs for most).The hallways remind you of the history of the building with the maze of hallways and creaky floors, but the room was impeccably remodeled, especially the bathroom with gleaming white tiles and fixtures. The feather-top bed was divine, and with a large flat-screen TV, free wireless, a clock-radio with iPod docking station, ironing board, bath robes, l'Occitane bath soaps, there was little more I could ask for. Great stay, and great deal!	
Jan 26 2009 	Not for me	I stayed at the Villa Florence for two nights while in San Francisco for business. The lobby was nice and so were the front desk people although for some reason I got a little attitude from the valet. I arrived in my &quot;travel clothes&quot;; jeans and a hoody and felt terribly under dressed. There is NO parking. You have to use the valet service which is $40/night plus parking tax. My room was on the second floor which was WAY too close to street level for someone like me who is not entirely accustomed to city noise which lasts all night. The room was comfortable, but small. The DVD player did not work. I openned my minibar fridge and was overwhelmed by a horrible odor. There was some sort of black moldy food left in there. When I called the front desk they promptly moved me to a new room and thoroughly appologized. The DVD player did not work in this room either so they let me order one of the pay movies for free. Overall the hotel was nice, but stay on a higher floor. It was SO loud! Oh and Thursday mornings are trash day...	
Dec 20 2008 	Lovely Hotel Great Location	My mom and I were looking for a nice little hotel near Union Square for a holiday shopping trip. I booked the Villa Florence through the hotel's website with great ease. I was contacted twice via email before our arrival, confirming our stay as well as letting us know a little bit about the hotel and what to expect in our room. Upon arrival, our bags were loaded and check in was a breeze. The bell man brought our bags up, unloaded them, showed us all amenities in our room and could not have been more friendly. Our room, a junior suite, was charming. Nicely appointed furnishings, comfortable beds (even a sofa sleeper), newly updated bathroom with L'Occitane products. The location is superb for shopping, being 1/2 block from Union Square and 3 blocks to the San Francisco Centre. Being located on Powell, there is a bit of street noise that filters in. Just ask for an interior room and you'll be fine. We were very pleased with our stay, for the price and location it was well worth it.	
Dec 5 2008 	Elegant and well-located	Villa Florence is an elegant, European-style, recently renovated boutique hotel. There is a significant variety of rooms, so it is important you contact the hotel directly (even after you have booked using Expedia or another tool) to make sure the room matches your needs. I got a great room in the back of the building (see picture) since I wanted a very quiet place and did not care much for the view. The breakfast is excellent, but if you are rushed or an early riser, it is better to go to the nearby Starbucks (the restaurant of the hotel opens only at 7am and only takes a-la-carte orders, i.e. there is no buffet). Last but not least, the location is very convenient: the hotel is nearby Union Square and only 5min away from the BART.	
Dec 1 2008 	Superb location	I have stayed at the Villa Florence twice now with about a ten year gap between my stays. The location cannot be beat. The nice thing is you can book an inside room so you can actually sleep away from the hustle and bustle of Powell Street, and yet you can step outside of the lobby right next to a lively corner of Union Square. Check in was quick and efficient; we were able to get into our room at 11:15. We had a junior suite which was spacious. The bathrooms aren't that large, but it is an older building. The amenities were all updated. There was a nicely stocked mini bar. The bath products were nice, and there was great water pressure in the shower. The room was clean and reminiscent of an Italian villa. The lobby had nice seating areas. Besides having Kuleto's, a full restaurant, there is Bar Norcini which serves wine, panini, pastries, and coffee. Check out was also smooth. The only delay we had was the retrieval of our car from valet parking because the lot is offsite. I will definitely be back to the Villa Florence.	
Nov 11 2008 	A Great Place	We just stayed at The Villa Florence this last weekend with friends for a birthday get away and had a great time. The Hotel Staff are very accomodating, the rooms are very nice, and of course the Hotel's location is right at the hustle and bustle of Union Square - We will be back	
Nov 10 2008 	What a Jewel in the Middle of SF	I stayed in Villa Florence for two nights. I have been to SF numerous times and have stayed at all the big name hotels, but none of them come close to Villa Florence. The room was clean and spacious. There was 40inch+ flar screen in the room, an iHome for my iPod, and a DVD player. This hotel is on Powel Street where the cable cars run, but my room was on the inside and I didn't hea a thing. When I arrived, there were complimentary treats in my room with a welcome note. That was a real classy touch. There is also a great restaurant in the lobby called Kuletos. walking distance to public transportation, union square, and SF shopping center. I can't wait to go back!	
Oct 14 2008 	Lovely hotel in an awesome location	-great location-stayed in a nice sized room; room730 inside room, spacious, very quiet...recommenedLocation: steps to the Powell/Mkt Cable Car turnaround, and right around the corner from beautiful Union Square. Shopping is right there...don't think there's a betterRecommend an inside room, much more quieter.Bar Norcini and Kutelo's restaurant are right in the lobby..very convenient.Service: front desk is extremely helpful and calls you by name...give them top marks for their friendliness and making us always feel very welcome and part of their hotel family.	
Sep 28 2008 	Villa Florence was great!	My husband and I just returned from a short getaway trip to San Francisco. I booked our stay through Expedia and chose Villa Florence for its location and its pet policy (no added fee!), since our Jack Russell terrier accompanied us on our trip. The hotel let us check into our room early (check-in is at 3 pm), even though I only called them 30 minutes before we arrived. They also honored my request for a quiet, pet-friendly room at the last minute when I wrongfully assumed that Expedia would pass on our special requests. We were warmly welcomed by the staff, and our anxious dog, who is not exactly a city dog and was overwhelmed with all the hustle and bustle, was met with smiles and welcome petting. (Every time we went in and out of the hotel, we, including our dog, were greeted warmly by the staff.) Our standard king room was not exactly gigantic, but large enough for us and was well-decorated and clean. The bathroom is small but quite functional and had great products from Lather. My husband was happy to see the large flat screen tv and the ipod ready sound system in the room. The linens on the bed were soft and the feather bed quite comfortable. The room itself was an interior room with no view, which was good for us since it got quite noisy at night from the busy streets below. On Friday night, we heard the faint thumping bass from a nearby club but not so loud that we couldn't sleep. We had breakfast at the attached restaurant, Kuleto's, on our final day, and it was reasonably priced (compared to everything else in San Francisco) and very tasty. The cable cars run right in front of the hotel on Powell Street and the Bart/Muni station is just 2 blocks down, so transportation was no problem at all. The only negative I would say about our stay was the lack of nearby parks to take our dog. Union Square, even with its grassy area, wasn't exactly an ideal place for our dog. Overall, I would recommend Villa Florence for its friendly service, clean and comfortable accomodations and its proximity to everything. We had a great time!	
Aug 20 2008 	Loved Loved Loved IT!!!!	We loved our time in San Francisco and a huge part of it was staying at the Villa Florence Hotel!! From Cora who booked our room all the way down to the lady that cleaned our room we were made to feel they were happy to have us staying with them. Every time we were in the lobby someone greeted us and made sure we were well taken care of. Our room was beautiful - it was on the 5th floor and was a inside corner room (highly recommend), very spacious - the bedding was luxurious. We loved the location, ammenities, and especially the staff!!!	
Aug 20 2008 	Remodeling falling sadly short	My wife and I spent a week at the Villa Florence at the beginning of June. The remodeling work in the lobby was just being finished at that time and the room we were in was finished. The reservation clerk made a particular effort to see that we received a quiet inside room and that was much appreciated.The rennovations, while attractive, fell short of the standard to which the hotel aspires. The room had a sitting area, but that separate space had no light or phone. The door to the bathroom was cheap and thin, so if you used the facility at night, you woke your partner. The very pretty mirror and pedistal sink in the bathroom offered only a very thin shelf for your items, and it was mostly taken over with two drinking glasses. There was no low-level light in the bathroom for night use, so your only options were to stumble or be fully awakened by the bright sink light. The front door could use more of a real doorman, as well. For such a busy location, the hotel needs to make more of a point of having door staff which can look out for guests and the hotel.So, it's an attractive place with a great location and clean attractive rooms, but the new owners (Larkspur) are taking too many shortcuts on the quality and it's risking undermining the quality of the hotel. Reserve with caution.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great hotel	We stayed at the Villa Florence for 3 nights on our honeymoon on July 13-16.The hotel is in a great location, close to many shops and restaurants, and the cable car stops pretty much outside the door, unless you feel like walking a few meters, then you can go down to the turn around and catch the cable car from there...the lines are long there though.Staff is very friendly and helpful. As stated we stayed at the hotel on our honeymoon, and when we returned to the hotel the first night we had recieved a bottle of wine from the hotel. A very lovely gesture.We make it a habit to tip houskeeping every day to ensure the person who cleans our room that day gets her share of the tip, apparantley we had the same lady clean our room every day, and every day when we came back to the hotel she had left us a little note thanking us for being so kind to her and wishing us a great day etc, a very nice touch we felt.Our room was large, as was the bathroom. My husband was very happy about the free wi-fi connection in the room.We would absolutely stay here again.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great Stay at Villa Florence	My husband &amp; I wanted a quick get away from the Sacramento summer heat and smoke. I booked thru Hotels.com after narrowing my search to 10 hotels near Union Square. The hotel is almost done w/ a season long remodel job. It was a pleasant surprise immediately. The staff was accomodating, helpful and extremely polite. Our room was a King-Studio and was spotless and nicely decorated. We were in room #522 which was &quot;inside&quot; and extremely quiet. The location is perfect for downtown shopping, visits to China town, and an enjoyable up &amp; down walk to the wharf. We will recommend this hotel to all friends and family. We ate at the restaurant connected to hotel, Kulettos, and had an exquisitely tasty lunch! We walked just around the corner to the landmark Lefty O'Douls for breakfast. What an affordable treat! And one more thing. . . .the bedding was super comfortable too! I think it was a feather top mattress and ensured a great night's sleep. We will be back for the Christmas holidays!	
Jul 2 2008 	A Gem If You Book the Right Room	Pros: Great location- 1/2 block from Union Square. Pet-friendly(limited to 2nd floor rooms). Very accommodating and knowledgeable staff. By the second day they were greeting us by name. Free wi-fi access. Excellent rates. Very comfortable beds. Very clean. Marvelous in-house restaurant(Kuletos) open for breakfast, lunch and dinner and a delightful bar/restaurant in the lobby where you can eat delicious home-made panini sandwiches,salads, great salami and cheeses. Cons: You have to book the right room or you won't be able to sleep without earplugs. Our room faced O'Farrell, across the street from a bar, and the nighttime noise was deafening until 3am.Other rooms face Powell, and again the cable car noise is annoying. The website says the windows are sound-proof. Ours was definitely not. Our room, a standard Queen, was tiny. It felt like 150 sq. feet. There was no chair to read in and the bed took up most of the room. They offered to move us, but we just didn't want to bother with repacking &amp; unpacking. Summary: This is one hotel where I would definitely advise booking directly by phone with the front desk to make sure you get a room (ie not facing Powell or O'Farrell) that is noise-free, and that is a decent size (the ones with sitting areas are nice). They also have good package deals which include parking ($40 a night otherwise) and a continental breakfast.	
Jun 17 2008 	Had a great time	My husband and I stayed there in March. It is in the heart of Union Square so there was plenty to do and see. The hotel was under construction when we were there but it never interfered with our stay. The hotel had a complimentary happy hour every day which was nice and the restaurant in the hotel was fabulous. The room was nice but the bathroom was small so as long as you are taking turns in the bathroom you will be fine. With soo much to do in San Fran we spent very little time in our room. I would recommend it to anyone. I hope you enjoy!!	
Jun 14 2008 	Can't beat the location	Stayed here from June 5th to June 8th. Had this booked for the second half of our week long stay in San Francisco. This was the best value for the money choice from what we can see on the internet. (week of the Diabetes convention)Observations:The hotel is underconstruction, the front door/lobby area. As well as the back section of the first floor facing the elevators. Villa Florence is an older hotel, and is very apparent from the interior of the building, rooms, hallways, and the faint musky smell that seems to linger in the air. Somewhat like the smell of a vintage clothing store. The room we had was cozy, bathroom alittle small. The positives:From checkin to daily greetings, and check out, the staff is both friendly and helpful. We were on the 5th floor, and cannot hear any construction noise. There's complimentary coffee in the mornings and wine at 5pm. The beds are extremely comfortable and rooms are clean. Best of all, you can't beat the location. Right in Union square, across from Macy's, and just blocks away to the cable car, light rail line, shopping, China Town, restaurants etc. Would definitely consider staying here again for the convenience and value.	
Jun 4 2008 	loved this hotel	It's not often I would take the time to write a hotel review but our experience in San Fransisco was so memorable that I am making an exception. I booked a family room for the 4 of us (two young teenagers) and we expected to be squashed as I had read all the other reviews about the room size being small, but seeing as though it was only for 4 nights and the price was good I thought we'd take a chance. We arrived from Vegas very late at night and were delighted that not only had our room been held for us (as requested ) but that we were upgraded to a family suite. The room we found to be delightful, (no view but who cares when you are out all day),quiet, clean &amp; bright.The kingsized bed and sofa-bed was more than adequate, though if my children had been any older I don't think we could have managed. The bathroom was a bit small, but I am being picky. The reception staff were more than helpful &amp; wine tasting at 5pm a real bonus. We didn't try the 'in-house' restaurant as, after 3 weeks in the States, we found it a bit pricey but there are plenty of other restaurants in the vacinity to suit your budget. The location is superb, out of the door and on to Union square, right on the cable car line. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 28 2008 	Not remodeled yet	Their website lets you believe that the hotel has finished being remodeled, this is not the case. The entire front area and lobby is under construction with scaffolding everywhere. The rooms we decent and clean but I could not tell if they were remodeled either as the carpet looked a little old. The room was actually a descent size and it had very comfy beds. My only complaint about it was that we had a room facing Powell St and it was really noisy. Luckily, we are pretty heavy sleepers but I could imagine that the noise could keep someone up at night. You hear everything going on, on the street including cable cars, people talking and traffic. I think the hotel has some good potential once it is completely finished. We didn’t eat at the restaurant there but it was always busy and the food looked good. Before we went out at night we started off at the bar at Kuletto's for a glass of wine or a martini. The bar tender there was really friendly and gave us some good recommendations on places to eat. I would stay here again since the price was good for the area but will wait until they are finished with construction.	
Apr 22 2008	Under Construction	This hotel is UNDER CONSTRUCTION. Contrary to the management's insistence, this fact is NOT made clear on the website (which says that the hotel is open during it's &quot;transformation&quot;). The entire front of the building is covered in scaffolding, and the lobby is a construction zone. Otherwise, the service was fine, but our closet door was completely broken and the heating unit did not work. If you want to be in the middle of Union Square, it's a good location. But I would not reccommend this hotel, because it is dishonest not to dsiclose to customers that the place is under construction, and you can book a room for the same price or better in a comporable hotel (NOT under construction) nearby.	
Mar 26 2008 	Restaurant is the Only Star	It’s truly a shame that the renovations do not appear to be making the most of the potentials here--a wonderful restaurant and a prime location. Villa Florence is one block off Union Square, and from the street the hotel looks elegant. However, once inside, we discovered that the charming Italian style Caffe Kuleto was closed for renovations! We also discovered that half the lobby was boarded off for renovations as well—which meant that those who did brave the evening wine reception were crowded around the reception desk. We were not told that hotel was going through a renovation upon booking nor is it explained anywhere on the hotel website. To make up for the inconvenience, we were given a discount coupon for a future(?) reservation which we will decline.The service at the Villa Florence was poor to nonexistent. We had to wait about 10 minutes to check in with only one clerk at the reception desk. One day we needed change for the trolley, but gave up after 5 minutes of waiting. The concierge was adequate if he felt like being helpful – at other times we were brushed off with curt responses. The short-cut keys on the phones in the rooms didn’t work. After receiving constant busy signals, I learned just to use my cell phone. (This occurred in the updated room as well.) The honor bar takes up most of the fridge, with room left for only a couple bottles of water. We had booked a king suite, which was worn and small. We could feel soft spots under the carpet like the subfloor was rotted. The tub was moldy, the door to the bathroom had a hole in it, and the bathroom wall was scribbled with what appeared to be crayon. The furniture was in good condition. The walls in the room were paper thin. We heard every word as the couple in the next room got ready for dinner. We did have a door that adjoined to that other room, so maybe the other rooms aren’t as bad.After our first night, I asked about moving to a renovated room. The staff person I spoke with was very pleasant and agreed to move us to an updated room on the 7th floor. It should be noted that only the bathrooms are being renovated, which is greatly needed, but the stale, stained carpet was not replaced. The bathroom renovation was also a half attempt, with a hair dryer that had only &quot;off&quot; or &quot;low&quot; settings, hardware that was not attached firmly to the wall, harsh lighting, and a pedestal sink with no room for personal items. The updated room was located in a quiet corner of the hotel so we got a much needed restful sleep with no noise from the neighbors. Our last night there, we ate at Kuleto’s restaurant, and I cannot say enough good things about that experience. The service was excellent. Eric, our waiter, was informative, patient, and professional. The food was out of this world—the best meals we’ve both had in quite some time.	
Mar 4 2008	great location small rooms	Great location. 1 minute walk to Cable Car ticketing booth. 2 minutes to apple store;-). Safe to walk at night as it's in an area with lots of tourists and locals. The rooms are old and small. It was recently re-painted but the bathroom door couldn't close completely because the paint was too thick. I had a room facing Powell where the cable cars ran. It was very noisy! Ding ding ding and the cable cars rolling on the track sounds lasted till after midnight.I parked my rental car at Ellis Ofarrell carpark nearby and walk to the hotel. I probably will stay here again if I cannot find another hotel at this price. This will be my backup hotel.	
Mar 3 2008 	Poor hotel - there are much better around	Here are the list of problems with this hotel:- Tiny rooms (they obviously divided their existing rooms in half)- Power points in very inconvenient locations- Water takes up to 2 minutes to heat up to be warm/hot- Certain taps do not work at all- No clocks in rooms (i.e. no alarm clock)For the location, and the price, there are much better hotels around Union Square. I will never stay here again.	
Feb 23 2008 	Hated the small room!	We stayed two nights at this hotel and were thoroughly underwhelmed. The front desk staff were unhelpfull and we had to lug all our bags into the lobby and up to the room with no offer of assistance etc. The room was supposed to be a twin and/or double for the two of us. I actually went back to the reception after checking the room because I believed they had incorrectly given us a single room. Front desk assured me the room was a double and that nothing could be done as the hotel was fully booked! The bed was at best a 3/4 single, the TV didn't work, and there was not enough space in the room with our our 2 suitcases, 1 ski bag and a boot bag to open the door let alone relax and unwind.Construction was going on on the floor above us and the noise was constant. There was also a very offensive smell of burnt rubber throughout the corridors.We will never stay in this place again and would advise others against doing so as well.	
Feb 5 2008 	Cozy spot to settle in near Union Square	I was looking for an inexpensive hotel while on business, to stay overnight so I wouldn't have to drive the 1+ hour each way back and forth between two days at a conference near Union Square. My corporate travel came up with this hotel and frankly based on the rate I was a little worried. But the experience was entirely positive and my worries were unfounded. Also I saw they have AARP and AAA rates that equaled my low corporate rate. At just over $100 a night in down-town SF!!! This is a great deal!Front desk service was fine. I checked in and out and checked my bag twice with no issue. The property was well maintained and clean. It is an older property so the elevators are smaller and the rooms have high ceilings and are clearly older, but with charm and no problems. It reminded very much of a room my wife and I stayed in, in the SF St. Francis (Westin property) old part of the hotel, which is 1/2 block away and a well known property for two or three times the rate. The windows looked into a breezeway, so there was no view but it was quiet and light.The room was a very good size for a queen bed, had a desk, and the bathroom was small but fine. There was even an umbrella in the closet along with the iron and ironing board. The hotel wireless internet worked fine and I think it came included with the room.When you're in SF you should be out doing things and this is a great hotel if you are doing just that and want something comfortable and cozy to come home to at the end of the day.	
Feb 4 2008 	Not A Great Stay...	This was my third stay at the Villa Florence in the past year and I will not stay at this hotel again. My reservation room request was not honored even though I confirmed with the hotel several days before arrival. The gentleman handling check-in on Friday night was extremely rude and didn't care that the 2 bed room I requested was unavailable. He blamed the error on the fact that they were overbooked and under going renovations. He also offered no solution. There was no manager on duty, but he assured me the manager would contact me the next day. The manager was never around all weekend.The room looked old and had peeling wallpaper. The water did not get hot and the phone did not work. The bed was very comfortable and the room did look clean. The location is amazing! It is in Union Square and in easy walking distance to all shopping and Chinatown. It is 2 blocks away from the Powell Street BART station, which easily connects you to the rest of SF, the Bay Area, and SFO Airport.With regard to the construction, it is not mentioned on their website and it is very disruptive. Extremely loud construction was taking place on 3 floors at such hours as 10pm on Friday evening and 9am on Sunday morning. I contacted the front desk about the loud noises and they promised to talk to the construction workers, but it didn't stop.I would recommend avoiding this hotel until at least after construction is finished (Summer 2008)!	
Jan 21 2008 	Excellent location not so great hotel	The Villa Florence is in an excellent spot in the heart of San Francisco. Basically everything is within walking distance.. Shopping, dining, China Town, etc...The hotel itself was not so great. It appeared clean at first but it was not.. I got sick after sleeping in the bed the first night.. Found the bathroom to be rather dirty. To top it off, it was VERY noisy at night and early morning. Overall, it was a so-so stay. Not the best hotel I've stayed in.	
Jan 17 2008 	Loved the Villa Florence!	This is a great hotel due to it's terfice location and for the price you cannot beat it.I have stayed in great many hotels in large cities and this is just what anybody who is doing business is looking for.I stay at Villa Florence twice a year for business and it is perfect and for the price an location it cannot be beat.	
Jan 13 2008 	Great Price Great Location!	If you're looking for a reasonably priced hotel in a terrific location, Villa Florence is the hotel for you while visiting the wonderful city of San Francisco. It's located in Union Square, is on the cable car line, and is only a few blocks from the BART station. We took the BART to Montgomery Station with all our luggage. Villa Florence was only a few blocks up, so it was perfect! The lobby was both beautiful and welcoming. Our room was a king studio. It was spacious for a city hotel, and the bathroom was recently renovated. Everything was clean and looked nice. Our window faced the main street with the cable car line, and we did not find it overly noisy. The location was phenomenal! We were within walking distance to great shopping, awesome restaurants, and neat nightlife. The cable car station was one block away from the hotel. If it's a nice day, you could wait in line to watch the spinning of the cars. If not, here's a trick - go up a few blocks from the hotel and wait on the corner. The street cars do not fill up at the station area so that they can pick up other riders up the line. This can save you quite a bit of time - I believe we waited over 45 minutes to board. The hotel offers complimentary coffee and tea each morning. Even better, they have a small bakery/cafe, Cafe Kuleto's, that is attached to their lobby. It was fabulous and well-priced. You don't even have to leave the hotel! The hotel also has an awesome restaurant, Kuleto's, that offers incredible italian cuisine, but is a bit pricey. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at the Villa Florence. Out of all the other Union Square hotel options, this one was nearly $100 cheaper per night. It was definitely a hotel we'd stay at again and we will definitely recommend it to our friends and family. For the location, it cannot be beat!	
Dec 29 2007 	Great holiday stay at Villa Florence	Booked a four night stay through Quikbook for a double room ($101). We got to the hotel about 10 a.m. and although we couldn't check in (we dropped off the luggage) we were asked if we preferrred a view (we were warned it would be noisy) or a quiet room (no view) and the room would be held for us. Since I lived for many years near nightclubs I went for the view. The room was small, and overlooked Powell but it was quite comfortable and it was just as noisy (cable car runs on this street) as they had warned, so make sure to ask for a quiet room if that's your preference. Cable television, free wi-fi, small fridge and coffee pot in room. Coffee, tea and danish in the a.m. and wine from 5-6. p.m in their lobby. Parking is $40 plus tax. If you have a car, a garage is just a block away on O'Farrel and rates are about half. The locaiton in Union Square couldn't be better, it's so close to all the major stores (Macy's, Saks, Gap etc), Westfield mall is just a few blocks away. I don't think it took us more than 10 minutes to walk to Chinatown. Staff were very friendly and helpful. I hope to go back again soon and would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 4 2007 	Good stay but horrible experience	We stayed here for three nights. Great check-in, very welcoming lobby. Our room, one of the king studio suites, was spacious (for San Francisco) and well appointed.However, the last night we encountered some very menacing Australian hotel guests. They were very loud, smashing glasses, etc. We called the front desk, and they were (at least initially) very slow to respond, and (apparently) had told the Australians that we had complained. After the hotel management called them, the Australians of course came directly to our room to threaten us.We immediately moved to another room, albeit a much smaller, much less well-appointed one, on a lower floor. It was disappointing that the hotel didn't act quicker, and we felt that they handled the situation okay, but not great.	
Nov 21 2007 	A Relatively Cheaper Option	We booked this hotel our 3 nites in SF as there was a 20% off for AAA member. The net total turned out to be relatively cheaper than other hotels of the same class and location.Arriving - The hotel lies on the busy Powell St towards O'farrell St. If you arrive by car or taxi or airport shuttle, be sure you come from the Pine St direction from the hill so you can land in front of the hotel. If you turn in via Market St, you would have a hard time to land your ride at a decent place to even unload your luggages. Parking is $40/day so I suggest you use taxi or BART or airport shuttle.Check In - The reception staff were friendly and fast. We got our room key within minutes.Room - The room given to us on 2nd floor was noisy. There was no view at all. All we saw were other windows opposite us, lest mentioned the ugly sight of a dark and dirty back street. The room size was just okay to fit 2 double bed, a TV+DVD player at the corner and a writing table. It was brightly lilted and the decoration was a little elaborated with yellow strip wallpaper. We requested for a room change due to the noise and was obliged the next day. The new room was at 5th floor with a more spacious layout and of course, quiet.Check Out - The process is again a breeze.Conclusion - If you need a clean room to rest and sleep with a good location to roam around till late nite, this is the place to pick.	
Nov 4 2007 	Location location location	Villa Florence is in a great location, right on union square and the trolley line. I had a great room on the front of the building and I was able to hear the trolley bell in my room. If you are a light sleeper or looking for some peace and quiet do not stay in the front of the building. The staff was helpful and very pleasant. The rooms are cozy and well-equipped. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 29 2007 	NOT a good experience	The location of this hotel is fantastic, and the lobby is beautiful and lively. The rooms, however, I found to be really dissapointing. The first room I checked into, 212, I think, was tiny and very dirty. The floorboards looked like they had water damage - they were moldy and peeling. The bed linens looked really old and shabby, the shower head in the shower was at my collar bone - I am 5'6&quot; - I had to bend down to shower. It was also EXTREMELY loud. I requested a room change, which I got the next day, and this room was much quieter, but still felt dingy and unclean. This room was even smaller (this was room 316) and had only a shower, no tub. The shower was really really small. I weigh 130 and I could barely turn around in it without toughing a (plastic) wall. The door didnt close properly, either. The worst part of this room was that it smelled really really bad. It was really offensive every time I entered the room, and I felt generally grossed out. The staff was OKAY - they didnt seem to care that I wasnt happy with my stay, and I was there three nights; but they werent outright rude by any means....not really that helpful though. good luck!	
Oct 18 2007 	Villa Florence - very good	I stayed in the Villa Florence for 4 nights in Oct 2007. My room was 422. The rate was $150 per night. I had an excellent room, quiet and comfortable. The room was clean and quite spacious - the hotel termed it as a junior suite. It had a sofa and a king size bed.Overall I was impressed with the Villa Florence. It's close to Union Square and the cable car, so right in the heart of things. The rate was much less than many hotels that aren't as good, and the service was very good. Both the restaurant and coffee shop in the hotel were always busy, and used by locals, so a sure sign they are good.Very impressed.	
Oct 17 2007	Great location good shopping	I had a lot of problems finding a hotel in SF, and a lot of problems with hotels.com, so I was somewhat nervous when we got to Villa Florence. We had booked a kingsize bed, and while they said it was a kingsize room, the bed wasn't. We didn't complain it was good enough for us. Small, bathroom, rather noisy airco, but decent size room, good facilities. Good bed, pillows and comforter. Great location!Our room faced a larger ventilation shaft aka court side view. But thats not an issue for us. In some of the reviews pointed out the noise on the street. The Irish pub is gone and they are doing renovation. We never had any problems getting around using public transport the hotel was very very good located for that, and shopping. Chinatown is just a few blocks away, and its much nicer and more interesting then new york's chinatown. Though not as much fake brand name bags .. if that's what you are after. There are a lot of restaurants around, most of them variations of stake house in different levels of sophistication. Which doesn't appeal to us. So we where some what disappointed in that.	
Oct 12 2007 	wonderful stay	we had a great time and a great stay at the Villa florence. from the time we checked in with Cora to the time we left saying goodby to Clarence the Concierge who really gave us great recommendation, it was by those recommendations that we found ourselves having a great time in SF. the rooms at the Villa Florence are very cozy, and clean, at check in we were ask if we wanted a quiet room or a room facing the street, this area is very busy and often nosiy, we choose a room facing the street, living in NOLA the noise was not a problem for us, every night one of the street musician would play Sun Rise Sun Set, this was heard throughtout our room, how romantic!!!! if you are a person that like peace and quiet please do not get a room facing the street. this was our first vist to SF, and what an experience. the hotels location is great, right in Union Square, within walking distance to great shopping, wonderful resturants and plenty of good coffee stops. the cable car runs in front of the hotel, and the ticket booth to ride the cable car is located only 2 blocks away on market and powell, you really would want to purchase a pass, the pass would allow you to hop on and off other wise it would cost you $5.00 everytime you get on, this car will take you to the Wharf. at the Wharf we took a Trolley Tour which was a great way to see SF. we went to the City of Sausalito by way of ferry, the ferry ride and city was wonderful. hats off to VF and Clarence for a wonderful stay and great trip	
Oct 6 2007 	Satisfied would go back again	From London, UKDate. 20-26 Sept. 2007The first impression as you get in, is very good. Nice lobby and a very friendly reception staff. However, the building is very old.They gave us room No.620. The corridors had a bad smell, like urinated by pets. The room had similar smell, and was very humid. There were some stains on the carpet and the armchair. The room was not cleaned properly, and had dust. Some of the food in the mini bar was expired. We asked for a different room straight away. The staff was very willing to help us and they agreed to give us another room without saying anything. However we had to stay in that room for the first night, since no other room was available at that time. Next day we moved to 511. That was much better, cleaner with no stains or odours. It was smaller but that wasnt a problem. Overall, the hotel was very convenient as it is located in the heart of San Francisco. You can go everywhere from there. However, there are many homeless around who are harmless, but might make you feel uncomfortable. For tourists, this hotel is a very good option. If you are in your honeymoon, try to avoid, and go for something more expensive and luxurious.Yes, I would strongly recommend it, and yes I would go back again.	
Oct 2 2007 	Excellent location charming hotel	My friend had a reservation for the Villa Florence during her convention in SF, and I tagged along. After reading other reviews here, I recommended she request a room to the rear of the building. We had a small, quiet and clean room on the 5th floor with two beds. The bedding was comfy--duvet with over and under sheets (love that!). The bathroom was tiny but serviceable. The staff were friendly and helpful--no complaints. Loved the wine tasting in the afternoon--sampled some nice Beringers. Lived for the free coffee in the mornings!Best reason to stay at the VF is its location. Right on the cable car line, a block to the BART/Muni stops. In the heart of shopping, with great bars and restaurants scattered around. Easy walking distance to Chinatown (gotta love those steep SF hills!)Overall, the VF is a great hotel in a fabulous city. I would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 18 2007 	Great Experience! Please read!	The Villa Florence is a great hotel. It is an excellent location, accomodating staff, great restaurant and bar, fantastic atmosphere, very busy with lots of traffic in and out of the lobby - we LOVED it! I travel regularly for business and pleasure. I usually choose 3 start hotels or above. I read the negative reviews for this hotel when researching where to stay in San Francisco and I know everyone can have different experiences, but if you pay $200 for a hotel room - don't expect $500 service and accomodations. People also shoudn't 'ding' the hotel for a one-time error...these things happen. I think this hotel was well worth every penny we spent! We had a blast! The ONLY thing I can consider as a 'negative' would be the 'noise level' of Powell Street. It didn't bother us one bit, but if you don't like noise or are a light sleeper - then you may consider requeseting another room. I think the view is totally worth the noise which is: hearing the dinging of the trolley bells and the cars as they run down the tracks. You can also hear the bustle of the streets with cars, people talking, music, etc. We kept the window open all night! I truly enjoyed our stay - I would reccomend it to anyone who wants to pay in this price range.	
Sep 14 2007 	Hallways are like running a maze	The staff is INCREDIBLE! I can't say enough about the staff at the hotel. The room was fine. My biggest complaint in San Francisco is waterFlow in the showers. This hotel had amazing water-flow. I almost got flooded out of the shower. It has a great location if you do plan on nothing but shop. Other than that, it's right on the cable car line. So remember this.....ding ding ding went the trolley. You hear it until they stop running the cablecars.	
Sep 4 2007 	A wonderful place	Sept. 04, 2007We are just returning from our San Franciso trip. During planning this trip we did not know where we were going to stay. We had four hotels to chose from and had never stayed at a boutique hotel. We are so glad we did and it being the Villa Florence. This is a wonderful hotel in an awesome location. The hotel accommodated our every needs. We requested a quit room and got it, which you may want due to the busy, nosey and excited streets. The concierge was wonderful, he attended to all our tour needs with no hassles. The hotel wine tasting between 5-6pm is a wonderful touch along with the attached restaurant Kuleto's, (great food). You are literally right at Union Square and in walking distance to public transportation to get all over S.F., no car is needed if you only want to see S.F., parking is expensive. Don't worry about the small rooms, you're only sleeping in them for a short period of time, but the beds were very comfortable. We will definitely make this our first chose upon our return to S.F. Great job Villa Florence, Signed: T. &amp; D. C.	
Aug 25 2007 	Cheers for the Villa Florencel	My teen daughter and I just returned from our 7th annual girl trip to SF. We always do extensive tripadvisor hotel research and have tried different boutique hotels. We decided to return to the Villa Florence for the 2nd time for 4 nights and are very glad we did. The staff is extremely pleasant and accommodating, particularly Johames, who's awesome. We arrived fairly early in the am and were able to leave our bags until later so we could go out exploring. The room we had asked for was ready later and we were very pleased. It was quite large, a corner room high up above Powell St. The double beds were VERY comfortable with soft, comfy linens and lots of pillows, which is important to me. It was actually hard to get out of bed in the mornings! We love listening to the cable cars but didn't notice any particularly obnoxious outside noises. The toiletries were nice, the bathroom was well laid out, the room temperature was good and we left the windows open at night for the cool night air. As with most boutique hotels, there is a slight musty sensation in the air but a quick shot of Febreze took care of that. Housekeeping was very attentive and the room was always very clean. The elevator worked well, the hotel was very beautifully decorated and it was nice to come in at the end of the day and see the restaurant busy and the lobby filled with guests enjoying themselves. The hotel is right on Powell near Union Square, easy access to the cable cars and muni buses, as well as the BART station. Special notes - if you walk east across Union Square towards Market to Maiden Lane, you might be lucky enough to catch the opera singers in the lane on Saturdays - it's wonderful (please leave a gratuity). One more thing - if you walk around the Transamerica Pyramid, you'll discover a tiny redwood grove (open during business hours). It's fun to bring a little lunch from the sandwich shop around the corner (Specialties) and rest your feet. All in all, we won't bother with hotel research in the future - it's the Villa Florence from now on for us. Can't wait til next time.	
Aug 25 2007 	Very disappointed	What a disappointment! My daughter and I were in San Francisco in July and returned a month later to bring her to college. We had eaten at Kulettos, the restaurant in the lobby of Villa Florence. Kulettos is a wonderful restaurant, full of character and has a beautiful European flair. As such, we thought the hotel would be the same, especially after we checked the website. How surprised we were when we returned last week to find smelly, dusty rooms that are in desperate need of updating with horrible furniture and old bathrooms. We had booked two rooms, including a suite and neither were any where near the standards of a 4 star hotel. And the smell!!! We found out the hotel allows pets (which they claim they rarely have visit) but theh rooms and hallway were a combination of cat urine and dust. Because we had so much luggage to move her in for freshman (and we without a car with all rentals cars sold out for the weekend...I swear we checked every rental agency) we had no choice but grin and bear it. Our room was located at the back of the hotel but the tradeoff for having an alley view was that it was relatively quiet. You are in Union Square so expect some noise!We actually picked the hotel for the location and loved that part of it since we had two teenagers with us. Union Square was right across the street and the park had was offering movies al fresco each night, the kids enjoyed the freedom of doing that while we slept! I love the location for teens, especially those who love to shop!As for the hotel staff they were either excellent or horrible, but thankfully most excellent. The concierge, Clarence, was very helpful and so was the Russian man who has the best coffee out at 5am in the hotel lobby (for east coaster and eurpoeans who can time adjust!) There was a female desk clerk who was so confused and difficult to deal with that we gave up. The only good news was that after we delivered our daughter to USF (and unloaded all her bags!) we were free to go to another hotel as we still planned to stay in the city for 3 more nights. They tried to give us a hard time about it and charge us for cancelling the last 3 nights but since we had told them the day we checked in and had given them plenty of notice, they allowed us to leave without a charge.	
Aug 12 2007 	Misleading Web Site	This hotel comes with a slick web site promising lux accomandations &amp; top amenities. Don't believe it! This property is in dire need of a overhaul. Rooms are beat with bathrooms dating from the 70s. Heat &amp; air are provided by a motel unit stuck in the window, which, in fact, did not even work in the room they gave us. When we arrived, there was no bell service to help unload our luggage and get it up to the room. After seeing the room, we refused to stay. The manager told us they are remodelling in the fall - not soon enough!	
Jul 31 2007 	Rude Staff	I just finished a week staying at this hotel. The rooms are nice but very, very small but the location is good. This was all over shadowed but the extremely rude staff. Not only do they ignore guest at the reception desk, but when you make a request they will make it obvious how difficult you are being even if only asking for an extra key. Rolling of eyes and grunting were common. I recomed that this be your last choice.	
Jul 8 2007 	I'd go back	The hotel was okay. I was in San Fran just for the weekend and I was by myself. The room wasn't noisy, of course I was in the back and had no view. They don't provide Aveda products like they advertise which was a disappointment. Plus housekeeping did wake me up which I did not appreciate.However, the location is wonderful. Right in the heart of Union Square and on the trolley line made everything very convenient. Plus I had a car and trusted the valet/parking service. The hotel staff also gave great directions and were very pleasant.If you are just looking for a place to sleep and keep your stuff while experiencing San Francisco, this is a great hotel.	
Jun 21 2007 	luxurious hotel!	Nice hotel well located down town at 10 minutes walking from Chinese disctrict.The road on which it is located has a cable car, nevertheless it is quiet.	
Jun 19 2007 	Beautiful!	The Villa Florence Hotel exceeded our expectations. Before booking, I read the reviews here and noted the negatives. I found none of these to be true in our case. The locations was perfect, within walking distance of Union Square by one block, Chinatown by just a few blocks. Next door on one side was a fantastic Italian restaurant, and the other side a very nice coffee bar with excellent pastries. A nice quiet bar is also located right inside the door to the right of the lobby. Two doors down was a great place to get a hot slice of gooey pizza, or a panini, and a Starbucks just on the corner, and a great little &quot;convenience&quot; store right across the street with anything you would need including some great wine. Truly, the location of the hotel could not have been better. The hotel itself was quiet. Our room was on the top floor with 2 double beds and a pullout sofa bed. Very roomy and decorated beautifully and spotless. It was very quiet as it was at the back of the hotel. There is a street car out front, but I never heard it once. the staff was very knowledgeable about the area, and very helpful. We loved this place so much and we will definitely be returning to the same place.	
May 15 2007 	Gave Key to My Room to Other Guests and NOISY	After flying in from Boton I was exhauted. Check-in took forever - and for some reason the efforts of two people. They also kept looking up to say sweet things to everyone who walked by - which is very nice, but my check-in took 25 minutes without exageration. One could have greeted and left the other to handle the data entry, but they were some kind of binary system.At around 3 am I was awakened by a rustling outside my door - and then a click in the lock, and then the door opened - and a couple entered my room! I was terrified and so were they. They slammed the door. I went out of the room, half-asleep. They were shaking and went downstairs apologizing profusely. I called the front desk. Ooops - gave my key to a couple. Sorry about that. I would think the hotel would be horrified. No, it was as if I had called to say they forgot to give me complimentary shampoo. For some reason, I was not registered as having checked in the hotel! (After all that....) Then they found some evidence of my being checked in - my credit card. I mumbled something about their changing the key or something and fell back asleep. (Had I been more alert I would have insisted they change the keys.)THEN at 3:30 am I received a telephone call. The front desk called. The man started to talk to me as if it were not in the middle of the night. &quot;Sorry to bother you, but we need to check you in...&quot; YOU MUST BE KIDDING ME! He actually wanted to get all the details. I told him my name and said he had my credit card - the rest could wait until the morning.I was still bleary and shaken in the morning. I got up and went down early even though I really needed more sleep to check in again. You would think that they would offer some compensation - and they did. Free breakfast. Not a free night's stay. Not even a free dinner. Eggs do not make up for that. I said no thank you. I was so tired I was naueated as it was.I was there a week (not my choice - business). Every night after that I cranked the air conditioning up and slept with extra bedding to cover up the sound of the live bands that play at the bar across the street until 1 am or so. Lovely little hotel of horrors - not for the squeemish.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great Spring Stay	My family of four stayed at the Villa Florence for a couple days during the first week of April. The hotel staff was polite and accommodating. At check in I was asked if we wanted a quiet room. On the cable car route it's always better to get a quiet room. We were given a room with no view but very quiet (if you don't know Union Square, you almost can't have one without the other). The room was not as small as other hotels and well appointed, clean and comfortable. The hallways and rooms were very quiet and it was easy to relax. The hotel itself is in great shape compared to other hotelswe've stayed at in the area and you can't beat the location! I would definitely stay at the Villa Florence again and that's more than I can say for a number of other hotels around Union Square.	
Feb 13 2007 	Good location and price but too much street noise	My company booked this room for a trade show at Moscone Center. The location was good, very central to restaurants, BART and the convention center but the street noise made it miserable for sleeping. My room faced an Irish pub across the street, people were yelling, trash cans full of bottles being dumped in the dumpster after closing time all in the wee hours. The homeless situation around here is also quite alarming, they were performing in the street for money, playing drums (on 5 gal pails) and one guy was even blowing a trumpet until 2 am. The police didn't seem to bother them either. The hotel itself is ok for what we paid ~$160 I believe, my bathtub was in tough shape, needed a re-caulk. Also found a ponytail elastic on the back of the door with hair stuck in it. Kinda gross, poor attention to housekeeping detail. The free wireless internet was so slow I could not bear it. I would not stay here again if I could help it.	
Jan 30 2007 	Good location	The hotel is in a very convenient location, only a short walk from the BART station and the cable car passes the hotel entrance. On our first night we were given a room overlooking Powell St, but we asked to move because of the noise. We were given an interior room which was very spacious and much quieter. Between 5 and 6pm there is a wine tasting in the hotel bar, and the restaurant is a very popular if upmarket eatery. Union Square is only a small block away.	
Oct 16 2006 	Great location but noisy	Just came back from Villa Florence, where I stayed for 6 nights. The hotel is actually quite good, it's well kept, nicely decorated, but the best about it is its location. Few steps to shopping in Union Square, near convention center, 5 min. taxi ride to CalTrain station etc. The only bad thing about it was the noise. As reading few reviews prior I asked for a quiet room in the back. However, there seemed to be a bar in the back of the hotel as well and it meant loud music and yelling etc. every night until 2 am.	
Oct 16 2006 	OK but dated	This hotel was ok but a bit dated. The first room I stayed in was at the front of the hotel and very noisy (from the street) and I requested to be moved and the front desk staff was very pleasant and moved me to the rear. This room was acceptable and quiet but had a terrible view.The on site resturant was crowded and pricey. The food was good though. Next door is an Italian place that has good food and is much cheaper. Walgreens is down the street for incidentals.The concierge (an asian man) was very helpful. The desk clerk(an asian female) was very nice and let me use the internet for free.	
Oct 15 2006	Did not sleep	I had to be moved to another room after a few hours because I found hugh bed bugs.	
Oct 9 2006 	Good value--happy with our stay	My fiance and I were spending four nights in San Francisco. We were looking for a decent hotel, with a good location that wouldn't break the bank. Villa Florence was a good choice for us and I would recommend. We requested a room on the interior, and it was very quiet. The first room we had was supposedly non-smoking, but it still smelled. They moved us immediately to a room that did not smell like smoke. The queen room at the AAA rate was sold out, so we had a king room. The room was a nice size--king bed, desk area, sitting chair, tv and 3-draw dresser. The bed was very comfortable--comfy mattress, pillows, and cozy blanket. It also had AC which we did not need b/c it was cold, but I think that it is a good feature to have just in case. The bathroom was on the small size--but it was completely adequate. We were only staying there for 4 nights--not moving in! The hotel was clean, the front desk and staff were helpful in giving directions, etc. The location was really fantastic--it was close to the cable car starting point (which is good b/c they are so crowded) and are also very close to many train and bus lines, which I thought were the better ways to see the city. We didn't actually do much in union square (we ate dinner and saw sights in other areas) but I still think it was a good place for a home base. We paid $149 (w/o tax) per night. The queen rate was about $20 less. I would recommend Villa Florence to people who are looking for a good value, and would rather spend their money elsewhere (good food, shopping) while in SF. We would stay here again and would recommend it to others. One last thing--it was really cold when we were there (end of August), especially when we did things on the water, like Alcatraz and fisherman's wharf. I wish I had brought some sweaters and gloves!	
Oct 9 2006	Loved it. Great old world charm and character	1.Great Location. On Powell between Saks and Nordstoms2. Minutes from the Powell/Hyde Cable car3. Comfy beds4. Aveda Bath Products5. Comp Coffee am and Wine pm6. Top Shelf, Classy Staff7. Giant Cuddly robes8. Pastry shops on both sides9. About 1 mile from all that matters in San Francisco	
Sep 27 2006 	Was NOT good 2nd time around	We had stayed at the Villa Florence for a few nights last year and loved it; however on our return we were checked into an executive room (the same as we had booked before) but on the 2nd floor.We went up expecting a similar room to last time albeit on a lower floor; we were wrong. The room was much smaller. It may be that in square footage it was the same (although i doubt it) but the space was arranged so that you had a nice large area with nothing in it by the door, follwed by a bed, sofa, chairs, chest of drawers and tv crammed into the other part of the room.As we were geting married the next day and had expected a similar room to last time we went back to reception ask if we could change. We had checked in quite late so they had no other executive rooms available and looked at us like we were stupid, explaining that it was an executive room that we were in and that they were all the same (except for the fact we were on a low floor after requesting a high one and in a corner).As we weren't getting anywhere we just left it.The night that we were married we arrived back at the hotel to find live music being played to a crowd in the lobby. Coincidentally our room was directly above the lobby and we could hear every beat until the last at 9pm.As we woke in the morning (every morning) we could hear clattering in the hallway, upon closer inspection we found we were across from a board room and general meeting point... Fabulous!Aside from these minor irritations we often felt the staff were talking down to us and were generally snotty, for want of a better word.After walking around the area we decided that we would check out the Chancellor and the Handlery next time we are in the city as their locations are very close to the Villa Florence, whose location is only thing we were satisfied with during our stay.	
Sep 4 2006	Happy.... I wasn't	It could have been the hotel was fully booked, it could have been I made the reservation through Priceline, it could have been bad luck, but happy ... I wasn't. True, the hotel has a good location but that can't overcome the fact of the tiny spartan room I was given. No chairs, no desk, no tables. Only a bed which occupied two thirds of the room, and an enormous (at leat for the room size) TV set (encased in one of those mamoth pieces of furniture.) Bathroom: small shower where it was impossible to turn my body (and I am underweight) without opening its plastic door. An incongrous big lavatory with a tiny faucet. A view to an interior patio. Windows decorated from the outside with bird excrement. And top of all, a ghost drank half a bottle of juice from the minibar. Should this be a two star hotel I would assume those faults as expectable, but for one that grades itself as as boutique hotel, well, great disappointment.	
Aug 28 2006 	Great hotel location and Kulettos	we stayed here for five nights last week - have to say that this was a great stay - nice room - best of all is the foyer area and the restaurant - you will need to be careful - its so good you mightent get to try other sfo restaurants - well done to all concerned	
Aug 20 2006 	Loved it!!!	My wife and I recently spent 4 nights at the Villa Florence with our 2 teenage sons. The room was spacious enough with a king sized bed and a queen pullout. We asked for a quiet room and were very impressed with the lack of noise from both outside and from neighboring rooms. We heard nothing. The bathroom was a good size and the shower was powerfull. The small fitness room has a couple of treadmills and 2 elipticals. I'm a fitness buff and it was enough for me. You couldn't ask for a better location. It is located seconds from Union Square and all of the great shopping and restaraunts. As soon as you walk out the door you are in the middle of hustle and bustle which makes it very exciting if you are looking for that kind of holiday. We decided not to rent a car because of the hotel's proximity to the very efficient transit system. If you plan on using public transit buy a pass for the amount of time you plan on being there. You can get anywhere on the series of cable cars, buses, streetcars and subways and all of the stops are within walking distance from the hotel. The hotel offers free coffee tasting in the lobby each morning and free wine tasting every evening. Nice touch. The restaraunt, Kuletos is one of the best Italian eateries in town. The staff couldn't have been friendlier. I'd stay there again in a flash.	
Aug 3 2006 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	I just stayed at this hotel for 5 days and I had a room facing Powell Street. If you want a quiet room, make sure you ask for a room away from the street as it can get very noisy late at night. It didn't matter to me because I was on holidays but other people may not like it. The restaurant in the hotel was very nice and the service was good. The Kuletos cafe attached to the hotel is also very convenient for a quick muffin in the morning.	
Jul 28 2006 	I hardly slept at all during my stay!	My husband and I had a terrible stay at this hotel. It was in a convenient location and we found most of the staff to be pleasant, but the noise level coming from music at a nearby bar was so high, that we hardly slept a wink! The music was vibrating my bed it was so loud! When I complained to the front desk, they said that the police had been notified and the problem would be taken care of shortly. It never was. We were moved to a new room the next night, but A/C unit was humming noisily. I do not recommend this hotel.	
Jul 18 2006	Would definitely stay again	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel very much. They were very professional and I think it's a very nice hotel. They were helpful and accomodating. We stayed in a &quot;double double&quot; room, which was larger than a standard 2 double bed room and it was very adequate in size. The room was clean. It also had a big closet to store our luggage but they didn't have much shelf space to put clothes. There was a dresser with 3 drawers and that was it. The bathroom was large, except there wasn't much space for toiletries, so we had to be creative. The shower was good; It didn't change water temperature while using it and the spray was strong. Thanks to suggestions of other reviewers, we requested a room that was not on the main street and was much quieter. However, you do have to give up any kind of view and some natural light. It was a tradeoff we were glad we made though. They were nice enough to clear out the mini bar so that we could use it as a refrigerator. The pillows and comforter were made of down. The TV was a Sony flat screen and there was a DVD player and CD clock radio. The lobby area was also very nice. The concierge was helpful. The hotel is very well located. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 2 2006	Smelly Smelly Smelly!! Tiny Bathroom!!! Can't stand it anymore.	We stayed in Villa Florence last week, and we were expecting the room was very italian style. However, the room is sooooooo tiny, same as the bathroom. It's really hard to turn around if you stand in the bathroom. And, it's kind of smelly. Additionally, we felt like too itchy to endure while sleeping. I would never do it again.	
Jun 6 2006	Noisy Noisy Noisy	Small hotel close to Union Square on cable car line. Concierge at front door however no help with bags when we arrived. When we checked in we were asked if we wanted a room with a view or a quiet room. Apparently the rooms that have the view look out onto the street and it is noisy because of the cable car. The receptionist said they were both the same size so we opted for the quiet room. Bad mistake!! We were on the second floor and at first I thought the person in the next room was playing loud music day and night. I didn’t complain. Once I have unpacked I don’t want to repack to move to the next floor. Room was dark and dingy because we in fact did have a view but it was of the extractor fans and roof so we kept the shutters closed. It had a king size bed, a small desk, a bar fridge that was locked. Very tired hotel and although it has a good location, there are several hotels in the same location. Would not choose this hotel again or recommend it.	
Jun 3 2006	Charming hotel excellent service	I spent 7 nights at the Villa Florence while I attended a conference. I ended up staying in a room on the Powell street side. The room was small but nice. It was quite noisy but I didn't seem to have any problems sleeping. The bed was comfortable and I enjoyed the down pillows and comforter. The location was convenient and safe. The staff were attentive and courteous. The service was excellent.	
May 24 2006	Great 	The lobby is busy with a bar and an italian eatery. Always full. The staff speaks all versions of English. You may have to spell your name a few times. The staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms are small and nice. The Palace did not have an honor bar, the Hilton did not have an honor bar the Villa did.Biggest bummer: the shower head. It is for short people. I stand 5' 10&quot; and had to bend forward to wash hair. Bend forward (lesson learned). The room is small and you dont walk around with bathroom door open. Has a nice sized closet. Biggest pro.: the simple amount of energy always around. Great place, great location.Whiners need not go there. Rooms are clean. The cleaning staff was great when we left a jacket in the closet. Held it for us for nearly two weeks.Now pay attention if you like loud and noisy stay on that side. I took the quiet room. Nice and quiet with a panaramic view of the roof of something and the next building.I booked this on Priceline for under a hundred including taxes.	
May 15 2006	Great small hotel	The Villa Florence is a small boutique type hotel that is right on the streetcar line and a half of block from union Square. The hotel is clean, newly refurbished and has a nice dinning area. Very European feel and excellent service. Some of the queen rooms are quite small and some are just right so be sure to ask for the largest size or get a king room. a little more money but worth it. I'm confident you will love this intiimate hotel and it's dining room ---as well as its location --many neat stores and dining places nearby.	
May 14 2006	Haven't tried to sleep in a place this noisy since college!!!	First, the positives. Excellent location, reasonable rates, great restaurant in the lobby.The negatives, however, were pretty negative. The biggest was the noise. The THUMP, THUMP, THUMP of bass lines from abysmal late-70s/early-80s power rock was impossible to ignore. I have no idea where it was coming from, but I suspect it was from bar or club next door or somewhere else in the building. We called downstairs several times, only to be provided with wildly inconsistent answers:5 pm: &quot;Its usually quiet on your floor. We will look into it and call you back&quot;. -- No return phone call7 pm: &quot;We will look into it.&quot;10 pm (after we return from dinner out): &quot;We have no control over that noise.&quot; Huh? I thought it was supposed to usually be quiet on my floor. And maybe &quot;I'm sorry about the noise&quot; would have been nice?1:00 am: &quot;It's usually quiet by 1:30 or 2. We'll call the police to look into it.&quot;1:45 am - the music finally stopped.So, if you are interested in actually getting some sleep before 2 am, I'd choose another hotel. If you are planning to go out until 2 in the morning and then go to sleep, it might be a great place for you.	
May 1 2006	Great hotel and location	Charming hotel in Union Square, close to shopping and a block from the cable car turnaround. Small room, but tastefully decorated. Staff was very nice and helpful; wine reception was also a nice touch. I got a great deal on Priceline ($70), so was very pleased with the accommodations! If you want a quiet room, suggest requesting a room in the back - no view, but it is quiet.	
Apr 20 2006	great experience and great deal	We stayed for five days. Luckily (oddly enough) there was a water leak in our bathroom. The first room we checked into was TINY (but livable and beautifully decorated) and had a water leak in the bathroom. That room was right on the the cable car route, so noisy. Anyway, they switched us to a different room, and the concierge said that being there 5 nights we would not want to be on that side of the building, so he moved us into a much larger room, no leaks, and very quiet. The service was great from the concierge's, and most desk staff were fine. Kulettos (the restaurant on site) was DELICOUS and classy. A little pricey but worth the splurge. The evening wine reception was also great, the wine was fantastic, the hostess super nice.ALot of homelessness and panhandling in the area, but so close to macy's, niketown, nordstroms etc, as wella s the cable car turnaround. I would definitely stay again, and we got a super good deal through travelocity.	
Apr 10 2006 	Nice atmosphere great location but small rooms	I liked this hotel. Booked through Priceline, so got a good rate ($90), but would definitely consider returning even if I had to pay more.Room was small, as you would expect at a boutique hotel. The whole building shows its age, with a few cracks here and there, but is very clean. Decor is in keeping with the style of the hotel. It was on the 5th floor at the front of the hotel. You can definitely hear the street noise, but I am not a light sleeper, so it didn't bother me. The alternative seemed to be rooms at the back with views of brick walls, so if a quiet room with a view is a priority for you, this might not be the best place.Location is great - right in the center of things. Lobby is always full of bustle. In all, the place had much more character than the business hotels I generally end up staying at. Service was good - everybody I spoke to was very pleasant and attentive.Nice place, but not ultra-luxury by any means	
Mar 25 2006	Great location	This hotel was very nice; ambience was great and the everything was clean. Staff was responsive. Location was the absolute strength of this place, 1/2 block from union square. The rooms, however, were small. I would definely recommend this hotel. That said, I wouldn't pay full price (I got it from priceline) for this hotel because of the small rooms--search around for good deals on the place.	
Mar 14 2006	Just right for us	The Villa Florence was exactly what we needed. The restaurant in the lobby, Kuletos, was excellent though there was a small swarm of gnats flying around their fresh flowers. The cable car stop is across the street so very convenient. Staff was helpful, friendly and responsive. The room was small but extremely clean and even though we faced the street, noise was not an issue (except for the cable car giving me a wake-up call at 6:30 a.m. every morning- just part of the charm). The price was reasonable, too. After several trips to SF, this is the first time I can say I would definitely choose this hotel again.	
Jan 21 2006	loved the Villa Florence!!!	My husband &amp; I loved this hotel! The king size bed was just like a Westin heavenly bed. It was so comfy, we didn't want to come home. This is an excellent location within walking distance to all the shopping areas, and it is directly on the trolley route. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 9 2006	watch out for the internet special	I paid $189.00 for a studio suite. The view was awful- sides of buildings only, not even any sunlight and the studio was tiny. My other complaint was that the &quot;complimentary coffee&quot; served in the lobby is whisked away promptly at eight in the morning. Most of us on Sunday morning arrive a little later than eight. That seems obsessively cheap to me. However, the hotel room was clean and the staff were all nice. Still, I won't stay there again.	
Jan 5 2006	Great for the Price!	Stayed at the Villa Florence as part of a Site 59 package and was very pleased. Rooms are cozy and comfortable and we slept great. Bathrooms are spacious. It's a three star Kimpton hotel and as with all Kimpton hotels is very consistent, so if you are travelling on your own dime, its a good deal. Downstairs restaurant is very good - no room service, but you'll live.	
Jan 1 2006	Great Experience	Two friends &amp; myself spent a night at the Villa Florence during the week after Christmas. It was truly a wonderful holiday treat. Every member of the staff was pleasant and helpful. The hotel is attractively decorated. We reserved an Executive Suite, which was spacious, cheeful &amp; very clean. We had a room on the 6th floor away from Post Street &amp; it was very quiet. We were within a block of Union Square, shopping and theaters. It was a great San Francisco experience at a very reasonable price. We'll be back again.	
Dec 30 2005	Perfect Location	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Villa Florence on December 20th. The Villa Florence is 1/2 block from Union Square which is the perfect location for shopping. We used priceline.com and only paid $75 + Tax + $35 for Valet 24 hour parking. We stayed on the 7th floor in a room facing the street. The room was small but comfortable with a queen bed (very comfortable), TV, DVD Player (Bring DVD movies as they don't have any to check out), Desk, and very small bathroom with shower/tub (you can almost use the toilet while brushing your teeth). They did provide Aveda tolieteries which was a nice touch. The lobby is very nice with a wine bar, deli, and restaurant. We would definitely stay here again, especially if we could get another great deal on priceline	
Nov 30 2005	Loved the Villa Florence Hotel	This hotel has a very convenient location 1/2 a block from Union Square. It has been completely remodeled and nicely decorated. The room was nice with a great comfortable King size bed with down comforter. The staff was very friendly and helpful. There is a WineReception each night which was fun before dinner.I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 16 2005	generally good	wonderfully located the villa florence with some slight tweaks, could be excellent. our room was smallish with a view of an ugly brick wall yet was nicely done in that designer hip style that kimpton hotels seems so good at. why then the cheap toilet seat and crummy fixtures in the otherwise nicely decorated bathroom? the queen bed was great very very comfortable and the room was very clean. the staff tho nice seemed befuddled and had trouble with a request i made for a 15.00 voucher for a future visit if you book at their website. lastly the free wine reception needs improvement. it should be obvious where to go and real wine glasses should be used and the cheap merlo should be replaced with something just a little better. all in all a good non plastic hotel experience at a close to fair price. ark	
Nov 16 2005	Good choice for downtown San Francisco	We stayed at Hotel Villa Florence for 5 nights in October. As the other reviews suggest do ask for a room that doesn't overlook the street so you are guaranteed a quiet night's sleep. Overall the hotel is clean, front desk staff and concierge friendly, and if you can get in a walk-in rate of around $140 -it is a very good deal as it is centrally located (especially if you are up for some shopping!)	
Nov 3 2005	Not exactly soundproof	Four other couples and us chose this hotel for my husband's 40th birthday celebration. To make the story short we paid two hundred dollars a night for a night of unrest. Three of our rooms were facing the street and we could hear all the noises from the street ( the cable car, voices of people partying to the trafic horns) as if the windows were open. None us slept that nigt and neither the centric location nor the nice decoration of the hotel and the rooms could make up for our lack of sleep.We wont go there anytime soon!	
Oct 15 2005 	Wonderful place in SF	This is a great hotel in the heart of Union Square. So cool to have cable cars out your door. Convenient to shop the area or walk to Moscone Center. We did both during our 4 nights stay. Location, location, location! The rooms are adequate in size. Took the advise of others from this website and got a back room on the top floor - slept like a baby in their comfortable beds. Everyone on the staff was friendly and helpful. Very exciting to bump into international travelers at this hotel, especially over the complementary wine at happy hour. Only downer was that the room had a musty odor on first entry. This cleared promptly and was not a problem later by leaving the fan/ac on continuously for the next few days. This is definitely better than other hotels in the same price range for Union Square. We will be returning to the Hotel Villa Florence. Ciao!	
Aug 30 2005	Good deal	Villa Florence located right in the heart of Union Square -- great location -- block down from the St. Francis. Older hotel renovated but quite nicely. Rooms are perfectly adequate -- a bit small with Queen size bed. Do, however, ask for a quiet room. A friend had a room on the street side and heard a lot of noise when a nearby club closed and street noise. Staff is very helpful and nice wine at their happy hour.Would certainy recommend this hotel.	
Aug 17 2005	Lovely place great location	My fiance and I stayed here for four nights, and we thought it was really nice. He grew up in San Francisco, so we weren't surprised by cost of parking off sight and such. We were pleasantly surprised at how cute this boutique hotel is. We requested a room not on the street side, and we were totally satisfied. I LOVED the convenient location to walk out of the hotel and into the hustle and bustle of Union Square. We did some great shopping there.We enjoyed a delicious breakfast in the hotel restaurant.By the way, we conveniently took BART from the airport to a stop close to the hotel.	
Aug 13 2005	Great hotel in Union Square!	Of course I am just now getting to the review of the Hotel Villa Florence. We LOVED it here! We stayed for three nights, our first trip to San Fran. I booked it based on reviews and was really pleasantly surprised. The hotel is a boutique hotel, older, and has been renovated. Our room was incredibly quiet (fifth floor), had an excellent King bed, gorgeous down comforter, and Aveda products in the (small, but clean) bathroom. We talked up our experience of a B&amp;B feel in a hotel in the city. We definitely hit up the free wine hour daily. The only issue (and it was a non-issue for us), is that our floor would have been incredibly difficult to navigate if in a wheelchair. I travel with a chair-bound person often, and it would have been stressful for him to get through the narrow and often winding hallways. I didn't see what a handicap room (or floor) looked like, but I am sure the hotel staff would go out of their way to accomodate, as they do for everyone we saw!If you are going to SF to be a tourist, be a tourist--the Villa Florence is feet from two different trolley stops, so it is really simple to get to the wharf. It worked out well to stay here--we were budget minded--but still be able to get to the wharf and other areas on the bay.Don't bring a car to SF. We rented one, but knew it would've been better to get a shuttle or car from the airport and just taxi around when we wanted to leave. It was expensive and hard to get around the city (we're from Ohio and not used to the hills). Stay here, keep and open mind, and you will love it. The manager actually emailed me to thank me for filling out a comment card I mailed to the hotel after our stay. I forwarded it to my friends who were planning a trip to SF and he gave them a great rate AND emailed me to thank me again for our patronage and for referring another couple. He didn't have to do that!!!'Have fun. If you go to Wine Country, check out Davis Bynum on West Wine Road in Healsburg. Ask for Richard, he will treat you like royalty.	
Aug 6 2005	Thoroughly Enjoyed our Stay	We stayed at the Villa Florence at the end of a world wind trip through California. Having stayed in B&amp;B's during our trip we were prepared for the impersonal nature of staying in a regular hotel. But not here. We arrived very early and the staff was extemely gracious quickly preparing a room, assisting us with our car rental return and generally making us feel like a VIP even though we were not. We did request a quiet room away from Powell Street which I highly recommend. The cable car line runs right in front of the hotel which is very convenient however a bit noisy. Our room was very spacious and beautifully appointed. This was a delight for us and a great way to spend the last two days of our California trip.	
Jun 29 2005	Great value for money	In comparison to the quality of our 3 star hotel in Los Angeles on the same trip the Villa Florence was well above par. We booked our holiday all together (including flights and accomodation) so given the money which actually went to the hotel we got extremely good value in comparison.The location was ideal for transfer from the airport, cable cars, buses and plenty of shopping. The room although slightly small was nicely decorated and always clean. The staff were helpful whenever we needed it and were very welcoming. If I were to visit San Francisco again I would definately stay here again	
Jun 12 2005	Pretty Good Place	We stayed for 3 nights (May 20,21,22,23) using Expedia, where we specifically requested a quiet room. We received most of what we wanted, which was a quiet room but with a double instead of a queen size bed. There was a huge Orthodontist convention in SF, and the place was fully booked.Yes, the rooms are a bit small, but the 2 of us found that it was fine. You should be out for most of the day anyway. We booked a winery tour that Sunday using Tours SF, which was great because they use the smaller 20 passenger mini, air conditioned buses. Just ask the concierge to book your tour. They try to get you to use GreyLine, but why cram yourself in with 45 other people, if for the same price, you can go with a smaller group. The guide was excellent pointing out the history of SF and when the wineries got started. Back across the Golden Gate bridge on the return and to the hotel.Be sure to visit Nob Hill; get yourself a one or three day transit pass instead of renting a car. Parking is VERY expensive US$35 at many places overnight. Lots of shopping such as Neiman Marcus; Macy's; and the Museum of Modern Art is a quick 10 minute walk. Enjoy a visit to SF. We hope to come back again in a year or two.	
Jun 12 2005	Charming in a Fawlty Towers kind of way	For those of you who aren't familar with Fawlty Towers, it's a 1970s English television comedy about an inept hotel owner struggling to keep on top of running his business. He tries his best, but keeps making mistakes and at times this was the case with the Villa Florence!First the advantages -- the location is superb, just off Union Square and literally two minutes from the Powell Street cable car turnaround and BART station. The restaurant, Cafe Kuletos, is wonderful and seemed to be constantly full, always a good sign.We stayed at the hotel for four nights in May. Our first room, on the second floor, was tiny and smelled of damp, but we were so jetlagged we didn't have the energy to complain. Because my husband's bag had been lost, I put his clothes in the so-called &quot;express&quot; overnight laundry service -- but when I rang to enquire about it the next morning, I was told it hadn't been collected and that &quot;this happened every so often&quot;. Not a great start and the staff member wasn't exactly very apologetic.We asked to be moved on our second day and got a much brighter room on the fifth floor -- however it was facing onto Powell Street, which meant it was very noisy. I get the impression that when staying at the Villa Florence, it's a choice between a bright, noisy room or a dark, damp quiet one. The rooms have been decorated quite nicely but are let down by small details -- our iron was missing, we never got any bathrobes despite asking for them twice, and our ironing board was broken -- as I discovered when part of it hit me on the head!Overall, if you're looking for a well located, cheap and cheerful hotel then you'll probably get on fine at the Villa Florence -- but don't expect any luxuries!!	
Jun 9 2005	Reasonable hotel - little ovepriced	Stayed here with my husband for 2 nights, booked it before I read some of the previous reviews for this hotel so we felt a little apprehensive as to the condition of our room. We need not have worried as we found the room, although the decor was a little tired, perfectly clean and acceptable, the bed was excellent and all the plumbing worked satisfactorily. Our room faced the street and so there was some noise from the cable cars but not too bad. Unfortunately on the second night they were errecting a new shop front across the road throughout the night which was VERY noisy, but this was not the fault of the hotel although if I went again we might ask for a more quiet room. Tried the breakfast in the hotel which was very good but expensive, didn't try the restaurant Kuletos but it seemed very popular. Overall a pleasant enough hotel maybe a little overpriced	
May 28 2005 	Italian style??	This is an old hotel right dowtown San Francisco. To my opinion it is somewhat overdone to value so much the Italian style. You should go there if you like good value for money, at a perfect but busy location.My room was small and very noisy. I know now that cable cars start to run at 6 a.m. and continue to do so till 12 p.m., and they are really noisy!! I would return to this hotel, but I would ask then for another room not at the street side.	
Apr 26 2005	When can we go back?!	My husband and I stayed at the Villa Florence on our first trip to San Francisco, April 17-21. We couldn't have asked for a better hotel! The location is perfect! We took the Bart from SFO to Union Square and the hotel was only about 2 blocks from the station. The cable car turnaround was also only 2 blocks away - so we never had to go far!! Plus, the hotel is within walking distance of great food, shopping, and even the entrance to Chinatown.We arrived at the hotel early (around noon) and the staff was more than helpful in finding us a room that was already ready for check-in. We were even asked which room we would prefer: street side or quiet side. We requested a quiet room and didn't have a problem with noise the entire trip.The beds were WONDERFUL and the room was very nice. I was nervous about the bathroom size based on the other reviews, but our bathroom wasn't that small at all! It wasn't as large as a hotel that was built in the last 20 years, but it was big enough! Small price to pay for the beautiful history and architecture!Bottom line: we'd DEFINITELY stay at the Villa Florence again!	
Apr 14 2005	You get what you paid for	The Villa Florence is very conveniently located in Union Square. The hotel is small and quaint. The $40 valet parking fee is outrageous (including parking tax and in/out privileges). If you plan to have a car in the city, look for the overnight specials on O'Farrell, and you will have to move your car in the morning.  The biggest problem is the general appearance and lack of cleanliness of the rooms. The walls needed a new paint job. We actually saw a one cock roach, and immediately sealed our luggages. If you are looking for a bargain hotel, and just a place to sleep, this hotel is fine. If you want to brag to your buddies, about where you stayed you can stay at the Four Seasons nearby.	
Apr 11 2005	I'd rather stay at a Motel 6	My wife and I stayed at this hotel while we were in town for a friend's wedding. The hotel was one of three suggested in the wedding invitation, so we didn't bother to research it. Too bad for us. We paid $150 for one night. Guess what? Parking is extra--$35 PER DAY to be exact. The hotel itself does not have a garage though, so when you want to retrieve your car, you'll need to wait at least 15 minutes for a valet to drive it to the hotel from a distant facility.The rooms really left a lot to be desired. The wallpaper in our room was probably fairly old, as it was peeling away at the edges. The baseboard and ceiling molding was very dinged up and appeared to have been painted so many times that much of the detail was lost. This may seem like nitpicking, but it really contributed to the impression that the hotel was simply old and in need of real renovation.When the bellhop escorted us to our room, he made a point of telling us that the hotel had recently undergone several upgrades, including new beds, new carpets and new televisions. The bed and the carpet were fine, and the TV was certainly new, but the reception was not much better than could be obtained with a pair of rabbit ears.When I first tried to take a shower, I was not able to get any hot water. I called down to the desk to inquire if they were aware of any problems with the hot water delivery and was instructed to let the water run for about 5 minutes. That worked, though it was certainly wasteful and inconvenient. I should mention that we were only on the third floor. Assuming the hot water is pumped from the basement, I wonder how long one would have to wait if on the top floor? Additionally, after flushing, the toilet in our room required about 15 minutes to shut off. The tank filled up promptly, but for whatever reason, the float didn't shut off the valve.Lastly, for $150 per night, one might expect the the chain to at least splurge on the TP and Kleenex, but as with everything else, the price tag doesn't reflect the reality. These two amenities were of the single-ply sandpaper variety.I'd have been much happer at a Motel 6. It would have cost considerably less and the facilities would probably have been in much better shape.	
Apr 1 2005	Villa Loving It	This is my second stay at Villa Florence, this time with my wife who is more picky than I am. We loved it. I would recommend an interior room for less noise, although the exterior rooms have great views. Everyone at the hotel was friendly and helpful. I enjoyed the evening free wine hour, and really liked the wine bar's selections, including a special flight of three red zinfidels (including a Rosenblum) for only $9. The bed was great, the room was spacious, and we had a large flat screen tv. Kuleto's is a fun restaurant, and you can get the same menu at the informal wine bar, which is a boon if your plane gets in late. You will not find a better location than this. We were a half block from Union Square and Macy's and right on the Cable car lines. Only down side, our heating/cooling system was tempermental. No problem mon. Did I mention we spent under $400 for 4 nights on our American Airlines vacation plan during spring break? Nuff said.Restaurants? Try Cafe Claude, a GREAT french restaurant with GREAT prices. For a once in a lifetime meal, do Restaurant Gary Danko, which has heavenly service, and marvelous food, similar to Charlie Trotter's in Chicago. Beer? Toranado in the Haight has the best beer selection ever. Jack's at the Wharf has 85 beers on tap including Chimay. Also, the Anchor beer tour is by far the best I've ever done.	
Mar 26 2005	Wonderful Service	This is a boutique hotel, right in the center of downtown San Francisco. The rooms are on small side, but beautifully decorated and comfortable. The bathroom is very small but only adds to the character of the hotel.What makes this hotel is the great SERVICE. The complimentary wine or pop every evening is a nice addition.The parking is very pricey at $35 per day for valet. I booked through priceline, so my total cost was still under a $100 per night. One word of Caution when visiting San Francisco...Always have a map on hand, the Taxi drivers tend to take the long way. We had a trip.... going to the restaurant was $10 coming back was $4.50.	
Mar 19 2005	Great boutique hotel	Perfect location ....Great food downstairs in Kuletos .. valet and staff very friendly	
Mar 19 2005	Great location!!	Stayed at Villa Florence last weekend for 3 nights.It was the ideal location for walking, shopping, and getting on public transport to anywhere really.Room was quite clean, but needs a bit of attention to maintenance of tiling in tub, shower-curtain(patched), and paintwork. Good A/C.Staff very attentive and friendly without being too ingratiating; and the restaurant: Kuleto's, was just excellent!!! Try the organic chicken,mmmm!!The desk was great at storing our luggage, as we arrived at 10:00 am; and when we were waiting to leave for the airport at 5:30 pm.Bathrooms are very small, but lots of thick snowy towels, and Aveda toiletries. Sink a little strange, in that the faucet pours the water straight down the back of the basin, making it difficult to wash under running water!Didn't seem to be a local TV channel on the TV, so hard to pick up local news, which is what I like to do in a new city.Very comfy bed, and if you get a room at the back you will not see out to anything other than a wall, but it will be much quieter than one at the front. Believe me, Powell Street is noisy 24 hours a day!!!We would stay there again, and certainly would try out other Kimpton Hotels.	
Mar 17 2005	Nice Hotel Nice Location.	We shopped and got a great rate on this hotel that is half a block off Union Square in San Francisco. 3 blocks from the Powell St. BART station, and steps away from world-class (and some budget class) shopping, the Villa Florence is a treat. Large, very clean room with nice comfy furniture, quiet (we got a room that does not face the street) and the nicest desk/concierge/door staff you will ever meet. The A/C unit took some finesse to get the room temp correct, but in San Francisco, this is hardly an issue most of the time (it was unseasonably warm when we visited). Kulettos restaurant off the lobby is higher-end dining (but not overpriced) and served us a truly wonderful dinner. We walked everywhere in the city (don't bring or rent a car, BART is too easy and fast and cabs are everywhere). We left with smiles, an will be happy to return.	
Feb 28 2005	terrible service	i am still in shock from the absolutely horrendous experience i had at this hotel. i cant believe this is a kimpton property. the rooms are cramped, the bathrooms dreadful, the beds uncomfortable, the noise from the streetcars on Powell completely over the top, and the serivice, well, jawdroppingly bad. the valet lost the keys to my rental car and proceeded to spend the next hour melodramatically checking his pockets and rifling through drawers and making excuses and acting like i had seriously inconvenienced _him_. at one point, he actually suggested that i pay for a tow truck for the car and then submit the receipt (!!). and this wasn't the only issue. i would write more, but i am too exhausted from this ordeal. my advice: avoid this place at all cost.	
Feb 25 2005	Perfect Stay	My Husband and I stayed at the Hotel Villa Florence over a long Valentines weekend. I had not one complaint. We had an executive king room with a down comforter and pillows. there was a sofa and chair and the bathroom was pretty big. I also loved that they provided us with bathrobes. The front dest staff was great and the concierge, Autoro, was wonderful. He is a San Francisco native and will be able to tell you everything about the city that you are intrested in. He reccomended some great restaurants to us. We ate a Kuletos one evening and it was excellent. Kimpton hotel are always great and the Villa Florence was no exception.	
Jan 18 2005	Terrific Boutique Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Villa Florence over Labor Day weekend, and it was a perfect spot. No need to have a car, the BART is near if you are coming in from the airport, as well as the trolley just down the block and cabs are plentiful. We loved the complimentary wine and the decor of the lobby. We received friendly help with restaurant recommendations and were pleased over their suggestions. Loved the Aveda products and even though the room was small, it was cozy and it's not as if you are going to the city by the bay to stay in your room the whole time anyway! I have recommended to friends to stay there and will definitely return to the Villa Florence. It reminded me of European boutique hotels that I've stayed in.	
Jan 14 2005	location location location	If location is your priority at a reasonable rate, without great luxuries, ck. this hotel. Conveniently located right at Union Square, withinwalking distance to superb restaurants, great shopping &amp; a cable car stop right in front of the door. Front desk staff very friendly &amp; helpful. Room was OK with a separate seating area, but the bathroom was the smallest ever had.	
Dec 10 2004	Great location small room	OK, so the room was tiny, parking is expensive (~30 a day for valet parking)... but LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!Parking is expensive anywhere downtown San Fran.... so if you stay in this hotel, you dont need a car. Bonus, there is a cable car stop right outside.. really easy to get to Pier 39, Alcatraz, Fisherman's Wharf, The Cannery, etc.There is a nice restaurant in the hotel as well as nearby.The hotel is situated very close to union sq... an almost perfect location... without paying the big bucks... it is in fact a better location than many of the big names.. but you wont be paying as much.However, we did get a VERY small room... and a tiny bathroom.. Overall, very happy campers!	
Nov 15 2004	Brilliant	I stayed at the Villa Florence in Oct 2004 for 4 nights.. and it was excellent. I asked for a quiet room upon booking... and it was extremely quiet, really lovely fit-out, v. large room and beautiful aveda bathroom products. They also had free yoga mats and blocks should you wish to do a workout and the rooms are large enough so that you could comfortably do so.The location was sensational... half a block from union square a block from the tram station... Highly recommend and will stay there on any return trips to SFO	
Nov 15 2004	Great Location	The Villa Florence is in a great location. The service is quick and the room was clean, although a little hot (couldn't get the temperature down). Overall, definitely worth the price.	
Nov 14 2004	Wonderful hotel 	If you want a great experience at a boutique hotel in the city and don't want to spend too much money, the Villa Florence is highly recommended. We stayed there for 4 nights (Nov 9-12, 2004) and requested early check-in, room in a quiet section, on the 5th or 6th floor and 2 double beds. We got all that and more! We only paid $127 CDN per night (special Expedia rate) so it was a great value for what we got. They had a complimentary wine reception each night at 5pm and also had complimentary coffee in the room. As we weren't scheduled to leave SF until late at night, they even stored our luggage after we checked out so we didn't have to carry it around all day. There was no view from our room but we were okay with this since we wanted a quiet atmosphere. The room was a little below average in size - it pretty much fit the 2 beds, a desk, mini fridge and TV with bureau - no sitting area. However, it was very clean. They have white comforters on the beds and they were actually clean! The restaurant next door, Kuletos, is highly recommended!! Probably our best dinner while in SF. Make sure you make a reservation since it gets very busy.	
Nov 9 2004	Just Okay	The location is geat, but we had major problems with the valet parking. We arrived on Sunday at around 5pm (busy time in Union Square) and there were cars parked in the valet zone, but no valet parker to move them. After circling around Union Square three times (not an easy task) and calling the hotel to get the cars moved, nothing happened. Finally our friend went in and got the concierge to move the cars. He told us that the valet parker left at 4pm that day. There was also a mix up with the payment of our &quot;pre-paid&quot; reservation. After a confusioning and frustrating conversation, the clerk behind the counter ask my friend if she &quot;needed a glass of wine&quot; intimating that she was hysterical. They made up for their mistakes the next day with complimentary parking and breakfast, but I would twice about staying here again.	
Oct 26 2004	Loved the Villa Florence	We stayed four nights at the Villa Florence and loved it! The location is so convenient to everything. We were able to walk to many of the places we went and otherwise used the public transportation, which was also right there. Each morning we had a light breakfast and coffee at Cafe' Kulettos and watched the people walk by as we sat at one of the little sidewalk tables. We also enjoyed the complimentary wine tasting in the evening at the bar. We requested a room in the back of the hotel, so it was very quiet. The bathroom was large and all furnishings looked recently updated. The bed was comfortable, linens were soft, and towels were big and fluffy. Overall, it was a wonderful experience!	
Oct 22 2004	Villa Florence is Perfect	We recently spent one night in San Francisco, en-route to a family wedding. I love the boutique hotels in the City, but wanted to be very central to maximize the short time we had there. Villa Florence fit the bill.It was so easy to get there - took B.A.R.T.($5) from the Airport, the hotel was one block away from the Powell St.Subway and we were at the check-in desk just over one hour after we landed. The lobby is wonderful - reminds me very much of hotels in days gone by - wonderful decor, big comfy sofa and armchairs and full of people and atmosphere. The staff at the front desk were very friendly and helpful and the room was very nice. After reading numerous reviews on your site, we'd requested an inside room - it was very quiet and there was no streeet noise.The location is perfect - Corner of Powell and O'Farrell; all the top department stores, (I was in Nordstroms before you could say &quot;Jet Lag&quot;!). Also, it is right by the Cable Car Turnaround; so getting from Point A to Point B is so easy. Lots of super cafes and restaurants closeby; but, as we were tired, we decided to eat at Kuletos - I would thoroughly recommend it - great food, great service and great atmosphere.When we checked out the following morning, the front desk took care of our luggage until we returned from the Car Rental Office and then brought everything out to the car for us.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for good value for money in a place that is different from the international, generic hotels.Well done Villa Florence.	
Oct 19 2004	awsome place	we stayed at the villa florence October 9th thru 13th and the Hotel was awsome. The bed was great the employees were very nice and helpful. i would stay there again. Great Place	
Oct 16 2004	Great value! terrific stay!	We stayed in the Villa Florence 9/7/2004-9/12/2004, and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel; the location couldn't be more perfect. The decor was charming and the room (comfy bed) was immaculate every day. Our rate was $119 daily. The staff gets five stars; responsive, friendly, great attitudes. Kulletos was as good as advertised. The surprise to us was Kulletos cafe right outside the hotel. it has the finest breakfast items, lunch sandwiches, &amp; sweets that we found in the city. It will spoil for you lessor places. We requested a quiet room after reading the feeding on tripadvisor; our room faced the courtyard; only small problem was that on warmer days the room faced the afternoon sun so the old window air conditioner had trouble keeping up. highly recommend for the price.	
Oct 5 2004	A Transit Hub Superb Location	Love Villa Florence. It's located just a few steps from Union Squre and cable stops infront of the hotel. If you like to take a muni bus, or street car, just walk down 2 blocks. which will take you alll over the city, even connect you to Caltrain to nearby vicinity, say Stanford or other places. And if you like to drive out of town, go along the O'Ferrel and you will find all the car rental companies there.Room is fabulously equipped with flat screen TV and DVD players(don't forget to bring yoru DVDs). And in the evening hour, a complementary wine tasting is offered in the lobby. Not mentioned the wonderful restaurant within the hotel -- Kuleto's. You will surely love it.And people. People there was really nice. I'd made 4 orders at Noble&amp;Barner--- and they shipped in 10 more parcels which, were all been taking care by hotel people. Even as a Priceline bidder like me, Tony was so nice to answer all my requests and booked me at a quiet corner room...Thank you Florence. You really made my trip memorable.	
Sep 28 2004	A great facade...	What I mean is it is very lovely on the outside in all aspects. The inside and its inner workings are a different story. Our room had a strange odor that I just couldn't pinpoint...ever. The air conditioner above our room outside our THIN widows dripped on our a/c ALL NIGHT LONG. Our clock radio was broken, our remote for the tv was broken and we finally had to go directly to the front desk because NO ONE EVER ANSWERS THE PHONE. There is also one man who acts as bell man, valet, and taxi grabber...good luck with that! The staff is friendly, Kuletos is wonderful...This is definately a boutique hotel, I would recommend the Prescott (which is also a Kimpton Hotel) if you want boutique but better.	
Sep 22 2004	loved villa florence	I stayed in the Villa Florence not too long ago, and found the beds to be fantastic, and the decor charming. It is right next to an excellent restaurant, and in the middle of everything. I think we got some great deal at about $120 per night, and we arrived in the middle of the night, and service was still excellent. I think there is a complimentary wine reception each night also. it is a great location.	
Sep 20 2004	Lived up to all expectations	After extensive research on hotels in this price range, the Villa Florence delivered. I travel a lot for work, staying at Hyatts/Marriotts/Hiltons, etc. This is not like those, but I would recommend it if you are looking for a nice smaller hotel. The down bed was extremely comfy, service great (esp Tony Z/X)flat screen tv, and the location was fantastic - very safe and in the middle of everything. Drawbacks? Just a window air conditioner, but it was fine. I looked at the Savoy, a similarly priced hotel, but would not have stayed there due to that hotel's location. Go to the Villa Florence, ask for a larger room on check-in, away from the street, buy a City Pass if you're in San Fran for several days - the street car runs right in front of the hotel!	
Sep 14 2004	Special memories	We will always have special memories of this hotel - as this is where we just got engaged! Of course I'm a bit biased, but that aside - this is a wonderful hotel. Very quiet and the staff was wonderful! Our room was spacious, but we lucked out and received a handicap accesible room. We asked for an inside room and did not hear one bit of the construction taking place across the street. Would definately stay here again!	
Sep 8 2004	Good for the Money	Villa Florence was great once we moved to a quiet room with no views but that was better than the loud noise. On the first day we had one bed for the three of us because we booked with hotel. We had to see the next day if there was another room available and there was. The beds are very comfortable and a great location. We paid total of 520.00 for 4 nights 8/16-8/19/2004. Free coffee but it ends at 7:00 a.m. Too early for us.	
Sep 7 2004	Enjoyed it!	Very nice hotel and overall well worth the $109 a night we paid. Excellent service, comfortable rooms, very good restaurant, well located. Downsides - rooms are a bit small and the street-front rooms do get noise at night. However, the comfort of the bed made up for the lack of space, and noise is just a chance you take when staying in the heart of Union Square! We enjoyed the benefit of being close to everything.	
Aug 20 2004	Che Bella!!	I just returned from two nights at the Villa Florence with my boyfriend. We had a wonderful time staying here. The location is superb-- right in Union Square. There are tons of shopping nearby and good restaurants. Our room was very comfortable. We had a down comforter and soft sheets. Aveda products in the bathroom were a nice extra touch. Although it is not a spacious hotel room, it was sufficient for two people travelling together. The lobby of the hotel is elegant. There is a bar and an upscale Italian restaurant.For the most part, staff was pleasant. One gentleman at the concierge didn't do a very good job of recommending restaurants for people on a budget, or assisting us make reservations, but he was an exception to the others who were mostly kind.We did hear sufficient noise outside our room from the street below in the early morning hours. I would have preferred an inside, courtyard room-- but those rooms were full when we checked in. I was a little disappointed that this could not by accomodated since I had called ahead one week to request a quiet room. I think there was some difficulty requesting this because I reserved this hotel through Priceline (but at $64 a night I wasn't going to complain!)Other nice amenities are the complimentary robes and a complimentary yoga basket to borrow during your stay. I would highly recommend this hotel to others!	
Aug 17 2004	FANTASTIC and FUN	This place is great. I've been to many SF hotels, but now I only stay here. Union Square location is great. It has a great Italian flavor to it too.Kuleto's is a great but pricey place to eat. You must make a stop at the Gold Dust Lounge right next door. WHAT A CRAZY PLACE..AND IT OPENS AT 7:00 am!	
Jul 22 2004	A great hotel	This was one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in. It's right in the middle of touristy downtown (Powell Street car goes right by the front door and Union Square just steps away). The room I was in was back away from the street (requested when I made the reservation) and it was quiet. Nice furnishings, comfortable bed, big TV. It's an older building so the floor creaks a little, but then again it's billed as an older European-type Italian pensione. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 21 2004	Fabulous hotel	My wife and I have just spent 3 nights at the Villa Florence and it really is a cut above most hotels, and great value - we paid $95 + tax. It is very individual with lots of nice touches - nothing like a big chain hotel. The location is excellent, near Union Square and the cable car runs by outside the door! We asked for and got a room at the back which was very quiet - just a view of a wall but that's fine for the lack of noise. Many restaurants nearby and the area is safe.	
Jul 20 2004	A wonderful intimate experience!	My wife and I just returned from a four night stay at the Villa Florence. It was one of the most pleasant hotel experiences we have had.The hotel is relatively small. I did not realize how significant this was until I started mentally comparing it to the long treks through gargantuan lobbbies and hallways that are all so common these days at large downtown hotels. As a wonderful contrast, the Villa Florence is intimate, and immediately felt like home.The staff were responsive, courteous, and always helpful. The restaurant at the hotel was wonderful.Some guests have mentioned noise as a problem. When we checked in, I specifically asked for a quiet room. On the fourth floor, where we were, it was absolutely quiet. I literally heard nothing outside the room while we were there.The room was a bit small, but not to the point of a problem. The television was a very nice Sony Trinitron flat scren, complete with a DVD player. The bed was superb, perhaps the most comfortable bed I have ever had in a hotel.I recommend the Villa Florence without reservation. It was a significant part of making our recent SF trip so enjoyable.	
Jun 29 2004	Great location price food!	The Villa Florence was a fantastic bargain. I received a rate of $125 per night (incl. taxes) for a large king room from their website. The room amenities were great: Aveda products (yay!), down comforters, sateen sheets, soft wool throws, a CD alarm clock and large tv, along with DVD player. The bed also had a ton of pillows, both down and synthetic filled, which I loved. The view was of the roof and other rooms, but who cared--I was staying there for the location and price, and if I wanted a good view I could go to one of the many high-rise bars/restaurants in Union Square (which I did). The customer service was the best I've ever had, especially at the complimentary wine hour, where the bartender was happy to offer insider recommendations about the city.If you stay here, or even if you don't, you must try Kuleto's restaurant and the cafe. I had dinner in the lobby by the giant fireplace two nights in a row, and to-go sandwiches and fresh fruit from the cafe. There's also an inexpensive, fantastic pizza-by-the-slice place two doors down if you're trying to save money (a huge homemade slice and soda for about $4!).If I go to Union Square again, I'm definitely going to stay at the Villa Florence, and use the money I saved to shop!!!	
Jun 3 2004	Good hotel at great location for a fair price	My first trip to San Francisco but I am a seasoned business traveler. The VF is a nice vintage hotel. It has a great location 1/2 block south of Union Square on Powell Street (cable car line). It is also only a few blocks north of the MUNI/BART station on Market and Powell. Using the MUNI or BART to get to the Embarcadero Area is easy and quick. Walking to the Embarcadero is possible but is approximately a 30 minute walk. There are numerous restaurants in the area for breakfest, dinner, and lunch as well as a few rental car agencies within walking distance for out of town excursions. The surrounding neighborhood is safe for walking around. The VF has a great location.The hotel itself is a refurbishment of an older hotel. This is apparent in the relatively small elevators, rooms, and bathrooms (compared to modern hotels). That said, the rooms are not the smallest I have stayed in and were not the cause of any undue discomfort. The very comfortable, relatively large beds make up for the smallness of the rooms. There is some minor wear noticeable in the walls and bathrooms in the rooms, but that is to be expected in an older building.The ameneties are excellent. The staff is professional and very helpful. The lobby is nicely decorated and a friendly place to hang out. The restaurant attached to the lobby was always busy and receives great reviews, but we were slightly disappointed with our meal.Overall a excellent choice unless you must have the polished feel of a modern hotel. Personnally, this is the perfect hotel for visiting cities with historic ambiance such as New Orleans, New York, Chicago, and San Francisco.	
Jun 1 2004	Worth the $$	Stayed at the Villa Florence for three nights and really enjoyed ourselves. The rooms were MUCH smaller than I exspected, but the staff and the free wine hour was wonderful. We had a second floor room and did not hear one bit of noise from the streets. The location is perfect and the ajoiing restaurant, Kuleto's, is one of the best restaurants I've ever been too.	
May 6 2004	Villa Florence Wonderful Hotel	Right in the Heart of Union Square and on Powell Street with direct access to the cable cars, this is one hotel I would stay at again. The rooms were recently refurbished and the beds were so comfortable. No street noise from our room and every store you could of wanted was right out the door. Staff was very friendly and accomodating. There was a happy hour that we missed because we had tickets for the night tour to Alcatraz, or else we would of taken advantage of it and the quaint restaurant in the lobby...only wished we were staying longer..	
Apr 17 2004	perfect location for the price ditto plus mostly great staff	Just returned from four days at the Villa Florence and the location and price are the winning features PLUS the hotel have just replaced all soft goods and the mattresses were great! The staff were accommodating (although not all were as &quot;empowered&quot; as others) and the charming morning front desk woman switched us to a higher floor &quot;corner&quot; room on the second day which was larger and quieter...do not read that as quiet as you are in the heart of a big city and street noises and sirens are all around you (take ear plugs if you are a sensitive sleeper). The location to the Powell Street Cable Car and Union Square is EXCELLENT and for a clean hotel in a good location under $100 for April it was GRAND. Not a five star hotel but not a five star price. We would all stay there again and we are opinionated and well travelled.	
Feb 18 2004	Not Bad Not Bad At All...................	Strange sounding already...HUH????? Not really, although my home is just a 30 minute drive to the &quot;Villa Florence&quot; on Powell St., S.F., CA., I have done this three times over the past SEVEN YEARS......why???? Well, here ya go!!!! For all of you folks who live OUTSIDE of CALIF., listen UP! ! ! I have no interest in Villa Florence and am quite POOR compared to most who stay there BUT I will say I am at an advantage to tell you how they rate and in comparison to other &quot;upscale hotels&quot; in S.F., and I have gone EACH TIME WITH MY ONLY SON, starting from the time he was just &quot;7 yrs&quot; until he was nearly &quot;11 yrs old&quot;. Just the two of us. Since we could NOT afford to go to Hawaii or Mexico or a week, etc., we pretended to be vacationing in San Fran., by staying @ Villa Florence instead, usually from 2-3 days only. BUT, while there we had the illusion we were far away while in our room. The room we asked for was off the main street, Powell St., and was a few floors up overlooking all the traffic/pedestrian, etc. We had a GREAT time, the room was exquisite, we had PPV movies at night for my young son, at night we would bring in GREAT food from just around the corner at a great &quot;Hof Brau&quot; and in the afternoon we would go downstairs to the hotels' restaurant, &quot;Kuleto's&quot; which had a great selection at decent prices. In addition, we had my &quot;espresso's and WONDERFUL &quot;almost crossiants&quot; awaiting me each day. Oh, they also have GREAT &quot;Tiramisu&quot; at the same little cafe right inside. If you are in need of an iron, just ask for it, if you are in need of having clothes washed and pressed STAT, just ask. It is all right there. Too bad, so many people think you must hit the &quot;Top of the Mark&quot; or &quot;Sir Francis&quot; or &quot;Mark Hopkins&quot;, etc., etc., in order to receive such great service..........NOT SO! I am a real native Bay Arean, born in Alameda and I will tell you that Villa Florence is too underrated for so many so far, all over. Try it and you'll find out. I would tell you where to stay away from but I think you will deseve it if you don't listen to me. Have a good time in San Francisco......Johanna Floyd....	
Jan 26 2004	Great location	We stayed in the Villa Florence in Feb 2003 for 3 nights on our way home from a trip to Australia. Great hotel. Room and bathroom waere small but decor makes it very cosy and warm. Very clean and has all the essentials. From our window, we only had a view of another wall of the hotel, and it was noisy in the morning, but we had jet lag so were wide awake at 3am anyway! Manager very helpful by email before we arrived in giving advice on transport from airport. Location is excellent. Right beside Union Square for shopping, restuarants and a good irish pub! Very handy tram stop just outside the hotel door. We paid approx £45 for the room per night. Good value for money.	
Dec 15 2003	Double GLAZING!	Just got back from 6 nights at the Villa Florence Hotel, and was compelled to write a review. Overall this is an eloborately decorated hotel, in Italian Renaissance style, associated with Kuleto's a high quality Italian restaurant. I assume it's high quality, because even though we stayed there a week, we couldn't get a reservation to eat there. I found the hotel and it's staff agreeable and helpful, especially during the wine tasting, which takes place every night between 5 and 6 pm. Major kudos for the environmental considerations in the room (you can decide when you want the towels and sheets to be laundered during your stay) and the very expensive AVEDA bathroom products.However, I have only two words for the managers/owners/powers that be in charge of this hotel. DOUBLE GLAZING.Oh MY GOD.Are you kidding me - do you expect anyone to be able to sleep when the trash collector comes round several times from 4 am onward and makes a noise like someone dropping a grand piano out of a window? It sounded like someone had switched on the TV and turned it up loud - that's the level of decibellage we are talking about here. I don't know how much free wine a person would have to drink to sleep through that, but I could never squeeze it into happy hour. Not once. And I tried a couple of times.No really, it was an outrageous amount of noise. I would imaging everyone on that side of the building (looking over toward the Irish Pub) would experience that din every morning.I don't think I have ever been to a downtown hotel that hasn't at least tried something in the way of noise reduction. I woke up at 4 am most of the nights I was there, and the noise kept up for long enough that I couldn't really get back to sleep.San Francisco is a great city and the people are wonderful, but the noise from that room was an enduring memory, and if they want my patronage again, they'll double glaze those windows.	
Sep 1 2003	Wonderful hotel	Stayed mid aug '03 for 4 nights. We got a great corner room no 501. Biggest room we stayed in during our 2 week california tour. Staff very friendly and helpful and location right on Poweell by two cable lines. It can be alittle noisy but that's what you'd expect in the middle of a city not that we noticed after touring the city's infamous hills. For good Britich style pub food tryp Johnny fowley's around the corner.	
Aug 6 2003	Excellent		
Aug 4 2003	Just OK		
Jul 30 2003	Location. Location ...		
Jun 15 2003	Perfect location for the price		
Jun 14 2003	nice hotel		
Jun 10 2003	Location location location!!!		
May 20 2003	Great Place		
Mar 21 2003	Small rooms yet HIGHLY recommended		
Jan 8 2003	Wonderful Hotel great location		
Dec 2 2002	great location but....		
Oct 25 2009 	Super Lage und guter Service		
Oct 13 2009 	Quel hotel :) et surtout quel emplacement :)		
Sep 29 2009 	Super emplacementpersonnel aimable et disponible.		
Aug 14 2009 	Hotel muy bien ubicado y una maravillosa atención del personal del hotel		
Jul 30 2009 	bien		
Jul 20 2009 	super zentrale Lage Nähe Union Square		
Aug 26 2008 	Un incontournable à San Francisco - Union Square		
Sep 6 2007	gute lage		
Aug 30 2007 	hotel romantico a due passi da union square		
Jul 31 2007 	Vorteilhafte Lokalität		
