	Great place to stay	I have been to SF before and stayed in the other Holiday Inn around the corner. I opted for the Express as it was the same price but included breakfast :-) and It was an amazing breakfast. Plenty to eat and set us up for the day.The beds were truly amazing, so comfortable and a choice of pillows too.It was great to have a reception area that you could actually sit in - so many hotels don't have them these days. It also had conference facilities but these were barely noticable. Some hotels tend to forget their 'holiday' guests but they didnt. All the staff that we encountered were most friendly, polite and helpful.The 2 pc's + printer were a very useful item.The room was spacious and an ample spaced bathroom.Great place to stay to go sightseeing - we also purchased the 3 day muni pass ($18) - a great saving - (one of the cable cars is $5 one way!)Good shopping/shopping centre and all easy to get to.	
Nov 22 2009 	Location location location	Stayed with family for a few days in October. Conveniently located within walking distance of tourist attractions (or the transport to get there). Hop on-hop off bus tours a few minutes away as are a multitude of seafood restaurants. Our hotel room was clean, beds were comfortable and front desk staff were friendly. Free internet access handy for catching up emails etc. We enjoyed our stay here but ended on a sour note. On our last morning whilst enjoying the complimentary breakfast, our family were singled out of a room full of people and asked if we were guests there, room number, name (I was waiting for a question about my social security number). The &quot;gentleman&quot; who did the asking wasn't particularly polite, he left the distinct impression that we weren't welcome. As the breakfast area is located near reception, the hotel should either insist that guests leave their room keys on the tables while eating or come up with a better system than giving paying guests the third degree whilst they are eating. Based on this experience, although we plan to revisit San Francisco, we won't ever return to this hotel.	
Nov 8 2009 	Holiday Inn Express San Francisco - Fisherman's Wharf	The Hotel is in a great location, the staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean it met all my requirements.	
Nov 1 2009 	Neat hotel in te center of turist attractions	If you want to be close to trist attractions this hotel is a nice place to stay. Close o cable car station, bus station and F-tram loop. Nic service and internet access. Highly recommended. 	
Oct 30 2009 	Nice convenient hotel	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Fisherman Wharf in September 2009 and was not disappointed. The location is perfect, just 5 mins walk from the attractions on the wharf. Very well located as well for the cable car or buses. Lots of places for breakfast outside the hotel. Check in was very efficient. We stayed in the annex building just 2 mins away from the main one, but it has his own reception area so we didn't have to go back to the main building when needed (for check out for instance). The room was gigantic with a big double bed. The bathroom was nice and clean. I can't fault this hotel and would stay here again if I went back to SF.	
Oct 28 2009	Definitely recommend - great location and spacious rooms	We chose this hotel based on the recommendations of others on tripadvisor and it was within our budget and booked this hotel on the holiday inn express website. We really enjoyed our stay here - it's so well located - about 5 minute walk to the powell-mason cable car turnaround which goes to union square. It's also about a 5 minute walk to the powell-hyde cable car turnaround which goes past lombard street (crookedest street). The hotel is literally round the corner from the 'route f' trolley car which goes down embarcadero near pier 39 and also pier 33 (where you catch the ferry to alcatraz). I got an all-day muni pass which gives you unlimited journeys for the day on the cable cars and trolley buses and street buses - ideal for wandering around and seeing everything. You can get 1 day, 3 day and 5 day passes. Anyway, I digress - back to the hotel....The hotel itself is spacious and has a large reception area - it's modern inside and in good shape. The check-in was quick and staff helpful.We took the lift up to our floor. The room was large,spotless and quiet. It had plenty of wardrobe space and a tv.The bed was soooo comfy. The bathroom was a decent size and spotless with a great shower - the hotel provided soap and shampoo.Breakfast was included in the room rate. They provided the most wonderful apple muffins I have ever tasted. Also available as part of the continental breakfast menu was scrambled egg, egg omelette, cinnamon buns, bread /toast, beef patties (thin burgers), bananas, yoghurt and a selection of cereals. Plus the usual selection of teas, coffee and fruit juices. Breakfast was self service so you could go back as many times as you wanted, but do be careful if you go to breakfast about 8.30am as they did tend to run out of things, especially my beloved cinnamon muffins! Just inside the main entrance there are 2 PCs with free internet access and also a printer. There is also a separate touchscreen for online check-in for airlines only, which is attached to a printer so you can print out your boarding card. All extremely handy. All in all, it's a great hotel which I can definitely recommend and wouldn't hesitate to return.	
Oct 27 2009 	Excellent hotel for locationroom space and value for money	The hotel was extremley comfortable,great beds and lots of space(we had a family room)Being within walking distance of everything you wish to do in San Francisco,the location is superb.The staff were very friendly and most accomadating and helpfull.I would normally judge a hotel by its price but not this as the cost was v ery low for what was a superb place to stay.Highly recomend to anyone	
Oct 25 2009 	Not particularly impressed with the service	I stayed at this hotel in the middle of a trip around the US, and paid the highest room rate ($152 per night) of my entire trip. I've stayed in several Holiday Inn Express hotels before, so had a good idea of what to expect, and while this hotel wasn't terrible, it wasn't great, either.The room itself was OK, but one of the TV channels didn't work. I reported this twice (the first time nothing was done) and was then told that the hotel didn't carry the channel. This despite it being PBS, and listed as a channel. Breakfast was OK, but was always busy. I don't really eat eggs and am vegetarian, but the hot breakfast looked really unpleasant, especially the eggs.However, what really annoyed me was that I discovered after leaving the hotel that I'd lost a necklace. I rang the hotel, described the necklace and asked them to let me know if they found it. I've not heard anything from them since.The hotel's clean, housekeeping was efficient and my room was fine, but I won't stay here again because of the service.	
Oct 24 2009 	Wouldn't stay at any other place	Went for a long weekend in June (25th to 28th, 2009) for some shopping and sightseeing with friends. Three women sharing a room. All staff from the front desk to housekeeping were polite and pleasant - really made us feel welcome. Very clean rooms. Location is fabulous - just between 1 and 5 blocks to the piers at Fisherman's Wharf, both cable cars (Powell-Mason and Powell-Hyde) and Ghiradelli Square. Take the cable cars (either one) to Union Square for shopping. Take the Powell-Hyde cable car to Lombard Street and Chinatown. Very good breakfast - nice selection of food. The only drawback about the hotel is that the rooms do have internet but it is not wireless.	
Oct 20 2009 	Holiday Inn Express Wharf	If you are traveling to San Francisco, this is a great place to stay. Very clean, centrally located and breakfast each morning. We ate and drank at the bar across the street and it was very good as well. The parking is expensive at the hotel, so check the parking garages in the area, we found one for $20 a day.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great Location but Amenities lacking	We stayed two nights and thought it was a great location. We were in town for a music festival so needed to be able to drive to and from AT&amp;T Park each day. We also went out with friends Friday night in North Beach which is a 10 minute walk from the hotel. My biggest complaint was with the key cards. We had a horrible time using the key cards into the annex hotel elevator (the one with the Denny's) and into our room. We also saw other guest have the same issues. We had the key cards replaced twice and still had issues. If we were staying longer than two nights this would have been a bigger issue and I would have requested a room in the main hotel.My other problem with the hotel was how noisy it was. I was woken up early each morning by other people in the building. The walls seemed paper thin. You could hear everything. I would stay in the Fisherman's Wharf again, but probably would try a different hotel.	
Oct 18 2009 	Perfect place to stay in San Francisco	Location is near to everything - including cable cars to get you anywhere in the city. The rooms were spotless. The staff was helpful. We were there 5 nights and had two separate rooms. Perfect stay.	
Oct 17 2009 	Great location - Good breakfast	This place is in an excellent location, you can walk to everything. We are a family of 5 and had the larger suite, it suited us well. We arrived early about 10 .30 am - no problems our room was ready &amp; speedy check in. Breakfast had a good &amp; plentiful selection.We had a ground floor room, which was convenient. We did not have a car - you could walk or use public transport easily.We hired bicycles just around the corner.It was a little more than we expected to pay,but was good value for a family of 5 compared to others we had researched.	
Oct 13 2009 	Amazing hotel for a great honeymoon	I spent 6 nights here for my honeymoon. The room was on the small side, and our view was a back alley, but who cares, it's our honeymoon, we weren't exactly worried about the view. The bed was very comfortable, and the room was impossibly clean. The staff is very helpful and friendly, also there to answer questions and make recs. Also, the breakfast was very good, and always crowded. Great location, bus stop is very close, and most things are in walking distance.	
Oct 13 2009 	BED BUGS	The hotel has BED BUGS, I felt something bitting me all night. I woke up in the morning with bites all over my arms and upper body. I cant stop inching, and I have huge BITES all over my body. Please check mattress for BED BUG stain before sleeping. I hope the management does something.	
Oct 12 2009 	Superb location modern and clean...breakfast included!10/10!	Whenever I land at SFO, I always spend the first night here. After a long flight from the UK, its important to be in a clean, modern hotel from where you can walk to a multitude of activities - from eating at the 'Rain Forest Cafe' or 'Hard Rock Cafe' (buying the tee shirt too of course!), to seeing (and smelling!) the sealions (or are they seals? - sorry that I dont know which they are!!). its also just a short hop to the cable car or you can walk south to 'Union Square' where a bit of retail therapy might be called for..you can find everything from the Levis store to the 'Cheesecake factory' (at the top of Macey!).Unfortunately you DO have to pay for parking at the hotel, but parking is a problem in SF as most major cities, and its not cheap either..but, once again, you're in a major city so splash out for the location, location, location!!Have a super trip!	
Oct 10 2009 	Good hotel great location	Stayed 4 nights. Rooms very clean, staff helpful and friendly. Free breakfast helps especially with discounted room rates (reserved/paid early - nonrefundable).If you like to walk a little, it's a few blocks from the wharf, a few blocks the other way to Lombard St. A little over a mile to Chinatown. Had a great stay no complaints about anything.	
Oct 9 2009 	EXCELLENT LOCATION	We stayed here for four nights and had a wonderful time. Our rooms were ready and clean upon arrival and check in was fast and easy. The breakfast was decent for being free. Eggs, toast, bacon or sausage, rolls etc. It did get busy but it was a large seating area and we always found a table. The location was excellent. Ten to Fifteen minute walk depending on your pace to Hyde Street Pier, Pier 39 and the wharf area. Walking distance to alcatrez pier as well. Also close to Cable cars and drop offs and pick ups for sightseeing tours. Staff was friendly and helpful when approached. Would not hesitate to stay again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent location	Excellent location. Helpful Staff. Clean rooms.Satisfying breakfast.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great stay!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a mini honeymoon. The staff was very friendly and the location was great. We were able to check in at 9 am when most hotels won't let you check in until 3 or 4 pm. I love that the internet was free!	
Oct 8 2009 	Clean quiet great location	You can't find a better hotel for the price on the wharf. The rooms are clean and very quiet (unlike at the Hilton Wharf where my boss stayed, she complained the walls were paper thin). Great breakfast, free wi-fi in room, nice size room, comfortable beds, great location. Staff was very friendly. Absolutely no complaints or problems. I would stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Amazing location for a great price.	This hotel is in an amazing location, only a short walk to the waterfront, Ghirardelli Square and numerous other attractions. Once you make it to the area around Pier39, there are streetcars that will take you up/down the Embermercado (including a BART station). We chose to take a taxi from SFO to the hotel instead of BART (due to luggage, etc.) but we did everything else via public transit. Back to the hotel itself, the rooms were clean and well maintained. My only gripe was the lack of a mini-fridge. I personally prefer to keep bottled water in the room. Considering there's so much to see, I'd definitely recommend staying at this hotel and using the money saved to visit the attractions. The staff was awesome and let us store our bags in their locked office when we arrived early (8am).	
Sep 27 2009 	Very Nice Hotel with Good Location	Got a Kingbed room #458 (top floor). Very quiet and comfortable. Located 2 blocks from the wharf. We would definitely stay here again. Breakfast is standard Holiday Inn Expresss fare. Knuckles across the street has a very good menu at a reasonable price. The Franciscan (seafood and pastas), Bubba Gumps (shrimp) and Hard Rock are all at Pier 39 a 10 minute walk. The Cannery and Ghiardelli's are 5 minutes west. Street cars and buses are either right in front of the hotel or 1 block north. Get a MUNI pass 1 block east and south at Mason and Bay for all cable cars, streetcars and buses. This hotel has a perfect location for sightseeing. Fog makes the area cooler than elsewhere in the city - bring a light sweater or wind jacket. It was only a 15 minute walk to the Alcatraz Ferry - book in advance and take the early bird tour. The street car takes you downtown in 10 minutes. Exit a Powell Street (Union Square) for the Powell / Mason cable car back. There is a large shopping mall across from the stop or wander through the stores at the square. Sausolito is across the Bay - warm and sunny. Nice boutique style shops. We took the ferry back to the Ferry Terminal which makes for good photo ops.	
Sep 14 2009 	Good Value Breakfast Included	We chose this hotel basically for the free breakfast, location, and cost. The breakfast buffet was all right, it had a wide variety - eggs, sausage, bacon, cold cereal, yogurt, bananas, bagels, toast, cinnamon rolls (which were cold all but one morning... minus points there), etc. It did get really, really busy later in the morning. You basically get what you are paying for, but we wanted to stay on a budget and not have to purchase breakfast every morning. Mission Accomplished.The location of the hotel was good for our first trip to SF. It was close to the F-line transit stop and the cable car turnaround, walking distance to Pier 39 and lots of other shopping areas and restaurants. We felt safe walking back to it, even later in the evening... we never really were out past midnight. Just stayed aware of our surroundings, which is a given.We had little interaction with the staff aside from check-in. Requested towels a couple times as did not have them enter and clean room daily. Towels were delivered in a timely manner.Our room had basically no view, we looked out on this closed, tiny courtyard. But it was nice and quiet and clean. It was really small, but looking at the exit map it appears we had an oddly placed and shaped room. And it was for sleeping in and that's about it. It served it's purpose.	
Sep 11 2009 	Just right for Fisherman's Wharf	My wife are from the UK and were travelling around the USA.This hotel was just right - in a convenient location for Fisherman's Wharf and local sights, the cable car stops, tours and walks. Nice rooms, reasonable buffet breakfast included, with plent to do nearby.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great Hotel - I would stay here again	We were very pleased with the accommodation at this hotel and the room was quiet, clean and spacious. The king bed was very comfortable. The buffet breakfast was excellent and there was plenty of choice of food. The location was great well within walking distance of a supermarket, the various forms of transport such as the cable car etc and the wharf area including Pier 39. We would certainly stay here again.	
Sep 1 2009 	great Location at a good price	Stayed for a couple of nights at the end of July. great location if you want to be in Fisherman's Wharf - near Pier 39, the cablecar turnaround, etcGreat room for the price - next to much more expensive hotels so you didnt have to pay for the location! Only downer was the breakfast. Room was too small for the tons of people staying. Only one Toaster for all of them. Too few tables and chairs. BUT the room and location were great	
Aug 28 2009 	Convenient to many attractions.	We only had 5 hours in San Francisco, so this was the ideal place for us to be close to several attractions. Fisherman's Wharf is 2 blocks away, as is Pier 39. There are shops and restaurants lining the streets all around this area. There is even a Burger King, if you are on a tight budget. The trolleys stops are close, and there are several open air tour bus stops nearby. The open air buses are the best way to get an overview of the city if you are on a tight schedule. You can hop-off some of these and then get back on when you are ready to proceed to the next attraction. There is a lot of upscale shopping, i.e. Neiman Marcus, Macy's, etc. but also Mom and Pop shops. The only drawback to this HIE was that there were no suite rooms. The rooms are large enough, however, to use a blow up mattress or sleeping bag.The breakfast was very basic, but stocked very well with bagels and yogart.The architecture was beautiful. The hallways were clean and bright with natural sunlight streaming in.I would recommend packing a hoodie and a jacket. Yes, it sounds strange but you will need it, even in the middle of summer. There is only valet parking at this hotel, and you do have to pay for the parking.	
Aug 27 2009 	Perfect Hotel	We enjoyed six nights at this hotel - great room, great complimentary breakfast with a reasonable price for tourist season. Front desk staff and Valet staff could answer any question we had and provided good solid suggestions and information. Location is perfect - two blocks to Fishermans Wharf, and two blocks to Cable Cars which will take you to many tourist locales. My only suggestions upon completing hotel survey, was the addition of a small giftshop, where snacks, papers, and toiletries could be purchased and to clean their windows!Highly recommended!!	
Aug 24 2009 	Good location	Myself and members of my family stayed here for 2 nights whilst on the way to Hawaii.The hotel is very good. An excellent location for the Pier areas. The rooms are spacious and clean, with good bathrooms.The staff are helpful and the breakfast was excellent. Very varied and plentiful.I would stay here again.	
Aug 21 2009 	Wouldn't stay again	The hotel was fine, the breakfast was fine. It is nothing special. Breakfast was chaotic with the crowds of people trying to get their fill of bad eggs. The neighborhood feels sketchy with the throngs of homeless and cheesy stores lining the street. We walked in a four block radius trying to find a decent restaurant to no avail. If you really want to stay in the area, stay closer to Embarcadaro so you are near the aquarium, Hard Rock and Market Street.	
Aug 20 2009 	Very Expensive for Breakfast	If you want a pricey breakfast this is the place to come to. Breakfast for 3 was $60. My son only had a water and cereal,my wife Tea, fruit Juice,cereal and a waffle and I had coffee,fruit Juice,Cereal and Yoghurt.Lesson learned I suppose, right across the street 10meters away lovely small cafe that did breakfast for 3 for $26.Valet parking was $40 per day, but is to be expected at San Francisco.Pool was busy with not enough sun loungers.Hotel is very central for all Wharf activities, Pier 39 only 10 minutes walk.Hotel Rooms were clean and fairly spacious, free internet access.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great location - fantasic breakfast!	Right near eveything you could want. Bus 30 to the Explainitorum right outide. Cable cars one short block - this gives you access to an experience of a ride (or two) and to the city centre. Pier 39 within a 15 minute stroll. The location was one of the reasons that we booked this hotel. The breakfast was expensive but worth every 'penny' as it was a great start to our very busy day. Word of warning the weather - changable - needing four layers and still cold, to being able to sunbathe all within about 10 minutes.	
Aug 14 2009 	Pretty Nice Holiday Inn!	Very close to the Wharf. If you like to run, location is also accessible to nice running area of the city. Room itself on the small side but more than reasonable. Coming from NYC, actually seems more spacious than some NYC hotel rooms! Hotel is well maintained. Complimentary breakfast is basic and they do have hot food, which is good enough. The work out room is quite sad and pathetic. No pool. WiFi worked flawlessly.	
Aug 12 2009 	We chose well with this hotel	We arrived at 5am tired and a bit daunted by having to wait until a 3pm check in however the staff were fantastic and found us a room straight away. We were also encouraged to have breakfast that morning as well so obviously we were very happy! The room was great for what we wanted and its proximity to Fishermans Warf etc was ideal. We really recommend this hotel and the free breakfasts were a great way to start the day.	
Aug 11 2009 	Excellent location and friendly staff.	On our arrival we were greeted by extremely friendly staff on the frontdesk. We arrived at 2.30pm and realised that check-in was not until 3pm - however we were given a room immediately. The room was large and clean. Complimentary breakfast is a bonus but it was busy every morning and we found it difficult to get a table. The hotel is one block away from Fisherman's Wharf and a very short walk from Pier 39. I would recommend a taxi to Union Square which costs approx. $8 each way. An excellent stay was had by all.	
Aug 7 2009 	Very good	This was our first time in san francisco and didnt really no what to expect. after a very long flight we arrived at the hotel to a warm welcome from the staff and they brought the luggage in for us and brought it to our room. the room was very clean and the beds were so comfy (very good to get over jet lag). the breakfast was good at 7:15 in the morning but if you got there after 8 there was nothing left. apart from that me and my family were very pleased with the service and the feel of the hotel.	
Aug 6 2009 	Clean safe excellent location.	Stayed here June 18th - 22nd, 2009. Weather was great during this time. Read all the reviews prior to booking and arriving so we knew what to expect and we were not disappointed. King room was clean and comfortable, a little on the small side , but we were on the go and rarely in the room so it didn't matter. As with some of the other reviews we had a view of a cement courtyard. Breakfast was adequate but I hate standing in line for toast!!!! People can tend towards rudeness when they are hungry!!!!Short walk to Fishermans Wharf and with lots to see and do. Check out the &quot;free&quot; museum with all the old arcade games...awesome! We walked alot at night and felt very safe in this area.**Side Note** I was watching &quot;Little People Big World&quot; on TLC the other day. Amy goes to San Francisco with her sisters and they stayed at the Hyatt across the street. One scene when they come out the front doors shows the Holiday Inn Express perfectly.	
Aug 5 2009 	Comfortable stay	Decent size hotel, located right in the middle of the Fisherman's Wharf. Great location! A lot of bus tours, bike tours are within a 2 block walk. Plenty of food and sights, all within walking distance. I do not recommend bringing a car, as you can walk everywhere and parking is pricey, $41 a day at this hotel.We were a little disappointed when we checked in because we were not greeted as Priority club members. Usually at check in you are greeted and given water or cookies. Not the end of the world, but a little touch we have received at every other Holiday Inn Express, and we like it. Hotel staff was friendly and courteous.The room was a little small but clean. No view, unless you like looking at the concrete walls and other peoples rooms. The bed and pillows were comfortable. The bathroom was clean. The breakfast was good. Eggs, bacon, cereal, bagels, toast, ect. They had their great cinnamon buns but they were luke warm at best. They stack the buns on top of each other so they don't have to refill so often but in doing that they never have a chance to heat up. They are still good but definitely not the same as when they are fresh and warm! It gets really busy! I noticed they stopped putting out fresh buns at around 8:30. Once they stop putting out fresh food your selection goes down FAST! I would suggest getting there before 8:30 if you want a good hearty breakfast. They provide a decent size seating area but it is always full, so search for a seat before you get your food and have another family member hold it.Did not use the fitness room but it looked nice and big. We always use their computer as we would rather not bring our laptop. Their lobby is large. Overall, we had an average stay. Just thought it was kind of pricey for the size and quality of the room. Again, nothing fancy or special, but you will have a comfortable stay.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great location lovely hotel.	We stayed here from 9th to 12th July and had a really good time. The location is perfect for tourist buses, trams and walking but is not noisy and feels really safe and friendly. The rooms were comfortable , big enough and clean. Breakfast was tasty and filling. Staff all very helpful. We went to a baseball game which was great fun and we were able to walk from the hotel. Lovely long walk along the wharf. Tour bus gives good overall impression of the city but wrap up if you're upstairs going over the Golden Gate Bridge (which is a lot smaller than I had imagined) as it really is cold in SF, especially in the morning before the mist has burned off.Alcatraz was well worth the visit and so is Union Square for shopping and just wandering. The Cheesecake Factory above Macy's is very nice, portions are huge though. Would love to return to San Francisco.	
Jul 27 2009 	Nice But Not Fantastic	My husband chose this hotel based on its location to the Fisherman's Wharf / Pier 39 area. It was very convenient to all the touristy areas, 5 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf.The staff was very friendly, the hotel was very clean and the breakfast was nice. However, our room was very small, and our window looked out into an enclosed cement area. When I opened the curtains to let some light in, the guy in the room across the way was staring into our room. Needless to say the curtains stayed closed. The bathroom was also very small, it just all felt very cramped. Although they had high-speed internet it is not WiFi and at least in our room my cell phone got no service, if I sat by the window I was lucky to get one bar. All in all, it was close to the places we wanted to see and it was clean but it wasn't great.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Location	We stayed July19-22. Our experience was very positive. We did not bring a laptop so we used the 2 complimentary computers in the lobby. There was sometimes a wait -- generally it wasn't too long. The complimentary breakfast was above average but you had to get there early. We quickly learned that July/Aug are not warm months in SF. The temp was probably +10, cloudy &amp; windy. Not the best. We did go to Alcatraz. We didn't have tix ahead of time but the concierge at the Holiday Inn down the street advised that if we go by 7am &amp; wait in line, we'll likely get on the 9am departure. It worked. Because of the crappy weather, we also visited the Science Museum - worth seeing.	
Jul 22 2009	Pleasant Surprise	We travel to San Francisco frequently and have a few favorite places to stay. However, we made reservations at the Holiday Inn Express on North Point, Fisherman's Wharf...quite spur of the moment when the Tuscan Inn unfortunately could not meet our needs. And what a pleasant stay it was...From our very first contact with hotel staff on entering the hotel, the service was superb. The young lady at the desk, expecting a baby...I don't recall her name, was highly professional, extremely pleasant, quite honestly one of the nicest front desk encounters we've ever had...and we've stayed in many hotels in San Francisco. She was delightful, and her coworkers were professional and delightful as well.The entry is large, the lobby a tad unavoidably dark, but well appointed and spacious with several groupings of comfortable furniture and a center fireplace. Underground parking access at the entry. Sufficent elevators, while the floors are decorated in a cruise ship atmosphere/motif with porthole style windows and railings. Quiet, spacious hallways. Our room, a king deluxe, was on an upper floor, facing inside. The room was small to fair in size, not as typically small as San Francisco hotel rooms can be, but I wouldn't have wanted the room to be any smaller. My only disappointment in the room was the inside facing view. The building is accordioned and therefore, we looked out onto another wall of the building, and a small narrow outside utility corridor. ...it was a tad claustrophobic, so we just ignored that aspect. Our room was well insulated, quiet, newly decorated, lovely bathroom...small granite counter, large floor space in the bathroom and dressing area, lovely towels. Small mirror, cruise ship motif, over the smallish granite counter and sink. Very nice linens.An added plus was a keyed safe in the room for our valuables. Smallish closet with mirrors. The usual amenities.Of course the value in the Holiday Inn Express is the morning breakfast. It was well stocked with surprisingly varied items...from cereal, fresh fruit and yogurt to hot entrees of french toast, scrambled eggs and sausage with numerous beverage choices...plenty of small tables with comfortable seating, even around the fireplace. Very pleasant. Free and readily available internet in a private alcove off the lobby, for research, web surfing, and airline boarding passes.The hotel is located one block from a Muni Stockton 30 bus stop at Columbus and half a block to Muni 47...the North Point and Van Ness line. A block or two from the cable cars, Fisherman's Wharf, and an easy walk to the Irsh Coffees at the Buena Vista. :) As well, close to Barnes and Noble, Safeway, and car rental agencies...Safe area at night. An altogether very satisfactory stay, even with mild claustrophobia on looking out the window. :)	
Jul 21 2009 	Loved San Francisco!!	** Our house was broken into last week and my camera was stolen with all of my pictures. I am heartbroken! If anyone out there can share there scenery pictures with me and of this hotel, I would truly be grateful. I will pay for them. THANKS! My email is melo.joe@hotmail.comGreat hotel for the price. I would certainly recommend it to anyone. The staff were great and very helpful. Very knowledgable. Hotel is very clean (there was someone always cleaning - the reception area, the hallways etc). The location is great - within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf. We love to walk so we also walked to Financial District, Golden Gate Park, Pacific Heights, Castro. The free breakfast is awesome and you can a muffin or banana to go for a snack later. The only small complaint was the view from our room, which was a brick wall, but how much time do we spend in our room? Otherwise, no complaints. Would definitely stay here again and would recommend this hotel to everyone!	
Jul 16 2009	Would stay again..	My family and I have been traveling all over California for our vacation of the year. When we were in San Francisco we decided to take advantage of the free breakfast, good location, good rate, and free wi fi and decided after a few choices to go with this hotel. The room was very clean, but some rooms that are on the side have the view of the other side of the hotel because it is oddly shaped. So if possible try to get a room with a view. The room was very nice we got a room with double beds. The bathroom was tiny and the shower took some time to get hot. The breakfast was complementary but our family likes to sleep in a little so when we got to the breakfast there was limited choices because most things got used up. So get there early. There is wi fi in the room but it is a plug in which was still ok but in the lobby it is wireless. We liked that the hotel was in Fisherman's Wharf and that it was near the cable cars and things. We liked this hotel but the service was okay we asked for extra towels through the phone and the towels came about 1 hour later so the service is ok not the best. I will defenitly stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great Location	Holiday Inn Express Fisherman's Wharf is ideally located near Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39, and a hop-on/hop-off tour bus stop, but beware the valet parking costs $41/night and there is no guarantee they will have space in the garage for your car. We arrived on July 4th and were told the garage might be full. Luckily though the parking attendant checked and said they had one spot left. Not sure what we would have done if they didn't have space as the whole wharf area was jam packed with 4th of July fireworks traffic and we had tons of bags. The hotel features an art deco style and had a nice sized room with sofa bed and min refrig. Breakfast was typical fare but very crowded and they definitely stop serving promptly at the time listed, so don't be late coming down for breakfast. For dinner we ate across the street at Knucles and were very impressed with the excellent service at the restaurant and the Hyatt when we wandered into their lobby.	
Jul 12 2009 	Good location/standard of room.	Have previously stayed at holiday inn and have usually experienced a similar level of cleanliness etc. This hotel was no exception. The one drawback was that we were given a room on the wharf side of the main building that proved to be very noisy at night. Other than that it is very convenient for tourists in terms of it's proximity to tourist sites. You pay for parking however that can be said of most hotels in San Francisco. Would recommend this place.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great location	The hotel is in a great location and very near everything. The room was OK and relatively spacious. Make sure your room is not in the Beach Street block, which is where ours was, as it is noisy from the trams going past, and you keep have to walking to the main hotel to use the pool, or collect your car, as there is very little parking at this block.	
Jul 9 2009 	Decent place to stay in a great location	Stayed here for 4 nights (6/29-7/3). Cab to hotel was $42 w/o tip. Airport shuttle from hotel to airport was $15 a person w/o tip. Drivers prefer cash (paying w/ a credit card holds up everyone else needing to be dropped off at their airlines.) Location near Fisherman's Wharf was excellent. Walkable to everywhere!! 3 car rental places a 5-10 minute walk away. Rented a car for a day trip to Muir Woods and Napa/Sonoma. $71 for the day from Enterprise (they provided exact directions to both and maps) - could drop off car after hours. Great upscale sports bar across the street for dinner - Knuckles. Good food &amp; happy hour. Very small room - seemed smaller than a room on a cruise ship. The bathroom was big though w/ bathtub/shower combo. Had a queen size bed and the view was of other rooms and the roof. The air conditioning never really worked. We put it all the way down the first day and it never cooled. Wasn't too bad though since it's cold out. TV only has about 7 or 8 channels. I know you aren't in the room a lot, but still. 2 were ESPN and on the last 2 days, one of the other channels froze up. Good breakfast. Lots of choices, lots of tables to eat at. HOT coffee, juices, delicious (!) cinnamon rolls, omelettes, scrambled eggs, bacon/sausage, toast, bagels, english muffins, cereals, bananas. Front desk staff were very helpful and pleasant. Public transportation in San Francisco is great. Tips: If riding the cable cars, the line at the turn-arounds is long and cold. Buy your tickets ($5 for a ride or $11 for the day unlimited rides) and jump on at an intersection. Or just pay the $5 when you jump on. We rode it from Fisherman's Wharf to Union Square and then walked back. Wear layers. You can buy a $10 San Francisco fleece on the streets. I always had it with me - very windy, nights are cold. Wear sneakers. The hills are tough to walk wearing anything else. Alcatraz is a must-see! Bay Quackers was fun. If you can do a day-trip out of the city, it's worth it. Napa/Sonoma is beautiful and warm. Sausalito is also a nice trip across the Golden Gate. I would stay here again if I was trying to save $. Pros: Very clean, convenient to everything, friendly service, good breakfast. Cons: Small room, poor tv selection, air didn't work, horrible view.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Family Hotel	We stayed in one of the family suites for 2 nights. Our family of 5 requires that we have a room with at least 2 full size beds and a pullout sofa. This sometimes requires that we book 2 rooms, but the family suite offered everything we needed, at a very good price. They even provided a rollaway (at no extra charge) which gave the kids even more sleeping room. The hotel is conveniently located only a couple of blocks from the water in Fisherman's Wharf and is nicely appointed. Our suite was roomy, clean and very comfortable, and the staff was friendly. The only negative is that they charge about $50 per day (including tax) to park in the underground garage -- which is a little pricey. Overall, if you're looking for a nice 3 star hotel at a good price, you should stay here if you're visiting SF - especially if you have more than 2 kids.	
Jul 1 2009	Fabulous hotel; perfect location	I spent 4 nights at this hotel and I must say it was wonderful. Its in a great location. Its a few blocks away from the chaotic touristy section of Fisherman's warf so its not noisy at all. Its clean, the staff are super friendly, and its right across the street from the SF cable cars and around the block from the trolleys that head down the warf straight into downtown. Its also near two starbucks, a Barnes and Noble, and a Rite Aid. Its also a really short walk into the Italian section of town up Columbus. I really have nothing bad to say about the hotel except for their wacky chandelier in the lobby. The decor is really nice and I liked the big vintage posters and photos they had in the hallways. Its not a place to stay if you'd like a view though. Most of the rooms faced inner courtyards. I didn't have a problem with this since I spend most of my vacation outside of the hotel room. I'd defiintely recommend this hotel to people traveling with friends, families with children, seniors on holiday and those with disabilities. The hotel has extensive ramps and very large elevators. The hotel can also book you a $15 shuttle to and from the airport.	
Jun 28 2009 	Just about perfect!	We just came back from a week's stay here. It was just what we wanted, an inexpensive, clean, comfortable room in a good area. Close enough (2 blocks) to Fisherman's Wharf to be convenient to everything in the city, but far enough to not be noisy. Friendly, helpful staff. The included hot breakfast every morning was a real plus.I'd recommend this hotel to anyone, and would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great rooms and good value for money	The rooms for this hotel were in very good condition and well maintained and appointed. Although busy, the complimentary breakfast was a great way to start the day that contained something for everyone. The reception staff were very helpful and were able to organise a half day stay below the advertised rate. This was extremely convenient given that our family had a 10pm flight out of San Francisco.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great place to stay!	We booked a mini-suite overlooking the wharf. The room was large and clean. In the distance, I could see Alcaltraz. One of the windows opened and allowed the sounds of the area to enter the room. I loved that feature. I heard the street cars, sea gulls, and traffic to enter the room. At night, it was very quiet. The location for the street cars and buses could not be beat! Near the hotel was Denny's, Walgreens, Barnes and Noble, Safeway and all kinds of tourist shops. I stopped in a 711 store to buy a lottery ticket and won a $100! The hotel staff was very knowledgeable about what bus to take and/or how to best get to an area. The free breakfast consisted of eggs (scrambled or omelet style), sausage (links or patties), bread (bagels, english muffins, white, wheat), cereal, bananas, milk, yogurt, juices, coffee, and sweet rolls. The breakfast area does get crowded especially around the four toasters. Hey, it is a free breakfast! I didn't mind the wait. The only downside is the tv has a few channels. When we settled in for the evening, it was difficult to find anything to watch. That maybe a personal taste and may not be helpful to you. The Demand movies were $13.99 each.Bring a pen, I guess hotels have recently stopped putting pens in the rooms.Free internet access in our room. That is a definite plus! It was really free!In the lobby, near the business area, there is a way to get your boarding pass. I didn't use it because I am not sure how to.Definite would stay here again!	
Jun 25 2009	Great location comfortable clean room nice stay	We were planning a trip to Tahoe and decided to take a side trip to San Francisco, since we'd never been. We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights with my mom and 22 year old son for $125 a night on a AA rate. It was safe (my 73 year old mom walked back to the room from the Wharf at night with no fear). It is a block from the cable car switch, 2 blocks from the Wharf, 3 blocks from Lombard Street. The staff is pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was not gourmet and it is crowded, but it was hot and fresh and free. Parking is expensive as it is everywhere in the city. We flew in and did not rent a car until we were leaving for Tahoe. There is no need to with San Francisco's excellent public transportation system. We went everywhere on an 18 dollar three day transportaton pass. It was a wonderful stay- economical. The beds were very comfortable. They have a fitness center, 2 computers with Internet in the lobby and wired high speed in the room. Why spend more money for luxury, I mean how much time do you spend in your room on vacation?	
Jun 25 2009 	Excellent hotel for the price	Stayed here for 5 nights last Dec...concierge couldn't be more helpful or nice. Convenientto everything, walk to Ghiaradelli Square, Fisherman's wharf, took cable cars,did the boattrour around alcatraz, Room was very, very clean, nice, plenty of towels, breakfast is included and was exceptional, better than Hampton Inns...Would recommend this hotelto anyone and everyone and looking forward to coming back......	
Jun 25 2009 	Stay elsewhere	From check in to check out couldn't find anything to excite me here. Have stayed in San Francisco many times, first and last time here. We got stuck in the Beach Street section, second class at best. Our room looked out onto people's feet walking past, very noisy and quite gloomy. Completely lost power for about 3 hours on the Saturday night, no explanation, no apology, just suck it up. Would recommend staying anywhere else but here. The only bright side - the concierge was extremely helpful, the front desk staff and on-call Manager could do with some lessons in how to treat guests.	
Jun 25 2009 	A great time at Fisherman's Wharf!	We recently stayed overnight at the Holiday Inn Express and absolutely loved it. The hotel is clean, looks new and has everything you might need. It is also a GREAT deal for the area. It is 2 blocks from Pier 45 and just down the street from all the area attractions like Pier 39, Ghiradelli square and so on...it is very quiet at night, we had no problems getting a good rest. The breakfast in the morning was a nice surprise - eggs, sausage, bagels, cinnamon buns, coffee, etc..all re-stocked regularly throughout the morning. Only until 9:30am though and they close the doors to the second. :) The room was a bit small but had a great bed, nice TV and a decent sized bathroom. We even got the room at 10:30am instead of the usual 3pm check-in - I thought that was a nice touch. Parking is expensive ($41+tax), but is typical for SF, what many people don't realize is that it is from the time you check the car in until 5pm the next day. We were able to park the car at 10:30am and keep it there until 5pm the next day...with in/out privileges as well. The noon check-out time is a plus too, we could sleep in as late as we wanted and still get ready in a leisurely fashion. The one downer for us was no pool - but the Holiday Inn right next door has one that Express guests can use. We will stay here again for sure!	
Jun 23 2009	Excellent value  clean and helpful staff	Stayed with a elderly relative for 4 nights. Breakfast inclusive very good. Room and bathroom very clean . Late checkout no problem. Conceirge services excellent. Hotel within 3 minutes walk to Wharf area and plenty local eateries close by.	
Jun 20 2009 	Usual Holiday Inn Express Standard	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and used as a base to explore the sights. It is the usual Holiday Inn Express standard, you know what you are getting. Our room was a decent size, quite dated decor, furniture and bathroom, but for the time we spent in the room this did not really matter. There was free Wi Fi in the room.Breakfast was basic but ample. The usual selection of drinks, toast, pastry and hot food.Location wise, it is about a 10 mins walk to Pier 39 and the other sites at Fishermans Wharf. We also walked to Lomabard St, Coit Tower and Downtown from the hotel. Downtown is a good 45 mins walk with some steep hills on the way, but we didn't mind this.We paid around !00GBP a night for this hotel, which is pretty expensive given it is a basic hotel, but then all the hotels in San Franscisco are expensive.Overall I would recommend this hotel if you want to base yourself around Fishermans Wharf. If I were to visit San Francisco again I wouldn't base myself at Fisherman's Wharf, I visited it 15 years ago and think it is quite run down now and very touristy - with tourist prices!	
Jun 12 2009	great place for a visit	we have just returned from san francisco to spain,we stayed in the holiday inn express, excellent hotel with a great breakfast and very helpfull people in charge. san francisco is a great place,and not been very fond of americans in the past found it was a very friendly city,all nationalities were helpfull especially the locals.we ate, drank, and visited all the places recommended by the lads and lassies on the forum and had a great time meeting and chatting with all in sundry, including the buskers and the cable car workers.we can recommend buena vista,for the coffees,i can still taste them now.the sea food at fishermans wharf is second to none, and wipeout bar with its clam chowder! is again worth a try, it is filling for a quick luch break.all the bars were good including the fiddlers green (a spot of irish)in colombus street.the only rip off came at &quot;jacks bar&quot; on the front near the shopping centre. it was charging double the price of any other bar.to be advoided.we certainly would return for a second go at the chowder and the sea food and of course the people.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great Hotel	I booked this hotel based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. The hotel is very clean and looks new. I requested a quiet room and got a large room overlooking the internal courtyard which was very quiet and very clean. Housekeeping did a good job every day.There was a good choice of food available for breakfast every day and it wasn't too busy. The hotel is in a great location, walking distance to most tourist attractions. I really liked this hotel and would recommend it to anyone, and if I visit San Francisco again this is the hotel I would choose.	
May 30 2009 	nothing special but no major complaints	it's always hard finding a good value hotel in a big city, so i wasn't expecting to be wowed by this hotel, and upon staying there for 3 nights, i can safely say that there was nothing to wow us. however, it was clean, service was plesant and helpful (except for the horribly rude old man on the night shift in housekeeping), and location was pretty good. rooms are small and not an excellent value, but new-looking and basically comfortable. the free hot breakfast is nice in theory (and, to be honest, was one of the reasons we went with this hotel) but in execution is something of a madhouse, and the &quot;hot&quot; food is really not worth all of the chaos surrounding it. all of the jostling and waiting on line to use the toaster leaves you a bit tired before you've even started your day of sightseeing! however, to be fair, we stayed at this hotel over memorial day weekend, so i imagine we saw it at its busiest. if the room rates were a bit lower, i would more enthusiastically recommend the place. but no major strikes against it.	
May 28 2009 	Absolutely Perfect	Stayed for 6 nights. Arrived at 11am. They had rooms ready and let us check in early. This was great, gave us time to relax a little after the flight and then hit the streets. The location is perfect. 2 blocks from the wharf. less than two blocks to the trolley and dable cars. Walgreens within a block, and Safeway and Trader Joe's within two to three blocks.  The hotel was incredibly clean. There was always someone cleaning on the lobby and public areas, and our room was clean when we checked in and always perfect in the evenings when we returned. While not the largest rooms I have stayedin they were more than adequate, and the bathroom always had plenty of hot water. I have read other reviews that the beds were hard, but we thought they were very comfortable. We didn't have a view from our room, but that was alright because it was very, very, quiet. No trouble sleeping at all. The continental breakfas twas good, although by the time we left it bagan to get a little repetive. They did a wonderful job of keeping food out at all times. I don't know how they did it because the hotel was full almost our entire stay. The staff was very good. Anything we asked for or about they went out of their way to help us. One night our air conditioner wasn't working very well. I reported it to the front desk the next morning. When we returned that evening it was cold enough to hang meat in the room and was as cold as we wanted it for the rest of the trip. Our traveling companions had been to Frisco before and stayed at the nearby Hilton. They said the Holiday Inn Express was as nice or probably even nicer than the Hilton.  If you want a nice clean place to stay near Fisherman's Wharf, I don't think you can beat the Holiday Inn Express. Convenient location, clean hotel and rooms, and friendlystaff is a winning combination.	
May 28 2009 	A nice well located place to stay at an affordable price	It is an average hotel, very well placed.Clean, wide rooms, although they don't have neither a frige, nor a mini bar.It has no restaurant, no room service. There are some ice and vending machines, some of them out of order, it's got a fitness center, two computers at the lobby with free high speed internet.Although it is clean, if you leave after 9:30 you must tell the clerks to do your room, or else you'll find it the same as you left.The breakfast, al days the same, but it is overall good and healthy, you can find high cholesterol eggs and bacon or burgers )europeans like these kind of meal so much), as well as diet yogurt, fat free milk and fresh bananas.If you come by car, I suggest to use the parking lot one block away going to the wharf , it costs less than a half of what you will pay at the hotelIts location is convenient, there are many restaurants in the open, and you have a Walgreen's open until midnight one block away, where you can buy water, soda juice, or snacks , dispite the cold and wind of the evening.	
May 22 2009 	Good hotel in a very good location	We are a family of 4 (with boys aged 11 &amp; 7) and arrived at 11.30am after a 15 hour flight from Australia. The staff were only too happy to store all of our bags until our room was ready. This gave us time to have a look around the Fisherman's Wharf area and get some lunch. When we arrived back at the hotel, check-in was quick and pleasant.Our room was quiet, clean and comfortable. The buffet breakfast was good and plentiful. Having the business centre with internet access was an added bonus.The staff were always helpful and gave good directions and good advice about the local public transport.The Holiday Inn Express is in a very good location, just a few minutes walk to the Wharf, the F train, cable cars, several supermarkets and food places. It was a really good place to start our holiday and I would recommend it to anyone going to San Francisco.	
May 21 2009 	great location decent breakfast helpful staff good size room modern theme	Were in SF for 2 nights and a lot of what we wanted to do &amp; see was in this area. Althought we debated staying in other areas too... glad we stayed here... close to everything, yes very toursity, but we were tourist. I had delayed luggage at airport, hotel staff were always very nice and tried to be helpful. Free internet in lobby was very helpful. We purchased Alcatraz tickets in advance, a must! As well as a touristy bus tour and saved a nominal $5pp but it was easy. The Knuckle's restuarant across the street is nice for a quick meal or afternoon drink. Tolley close too, as well as other public transportation. Pleanty of car rentals in the area to walk to, as well as 2 grocery stores as we purchased crackers, bottle water etc for our drive North into Sonoma/Napa area. We asked for a quiet room, it could have been quieter but was not bad at all, did not face any major roads. **There are other Holiday Inn's in that area, very close... our driver from the airport took us to one of the other 2 and we had a short walk to the Inn &amp; Suites, HI. Again, would stay again! Was def chilly, especially at night...	
May 18 2009 	A little gem of an Hotel.	This is the best value hotel I have ever stayed at its an absolute corker! The rooms have a King size bed which is heaven after a long trip, the decor, the lobby are excellent, the breakfast area and food are fabulous myself and my wife filled our boots! There is free internet and free printer which is a first for me anywhere in the world, excellent coffee, peace and quiet, and the cable car is just around the corner and the piers are around the other corner. If you are going to San Francisco stay here accept no other.	
May 12 2009 	Great Location - Free Breakfast!	Although there are many hotels in the Fisherman's Wharf area, we chose this hotel because we really like the Holiday Inn Express chain and have stayed in many throughout the US. Besides the great location, I guess the biggest draw would be their incredible free breakfast - not just the standard cereals, but scrambed eggs, bacon, etc. Considering we found the restaurants in the area to be fairly expensive, this was definitely a money saver and a nice way to start the day. As to be expected, though, the eating area was always very crowded. Our mini-suite was somewhat disappointing, rather small, compared to others in the Express chain we've stayed at. At night the room was quiet even though the daytime traffic was noisy. Service was friendly. All in all, a very nice hotel. A tip for riding the cable car at the turnaround near the hotel - we went later on in the day and there was hardly a wait. Also, we'd recommend the Night Tour at Alcatraz. Booking online well in advance is a real convenience.	
May 8 2009 	Location Location Location	We were travelling in a largish group - 7 adults 3 kids and the hotel did their best to ensure we were all on the same floor with rooms as close together as possible. Staff were very accommodating. Unfortunately we were only in San Fran for a couple of nights but could not fault the accommodation nor the city......San Fran is a great destination would definitely stay longer next time and would definitely stay back at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf	
May 5 2009 	Good Hotel in Great Location	This is an above average hotel near Fisherman's Wharf. This hotel (Holiday Inn Express, opposite the Hyatt and Marriott) should not be confused with the Holiday Inn. The Holiday Inn Express is a modern, clean hotel that has a quick check-in service. I nearly stayed downtown but I'm glad I didn't - Fisherman's Wharf is the area to stay in if visiting San Francisco as a tourist. The room was very quiet even though the room faced North Point Road. If I went back to San Francisco I would choose this hotel again.	
May 1 2009 	Good Location Decent Service	Visited the Holiday Inn Express 4/24 - 4/28. Overall, we were happy with the hotel. The location was perfect for us - close to the wharf and local transit. The hotel itself is very nice looking with a modern decor. Our room, single king bed, was more than adequate. Maid service was good. The breakfast was decent for a hotel complimentery breakfast. There was a good selection to get your day started - juice, coffee, tea, milk, cereals, toast, bagels, yogurt, bananas, eggs (either scrambled or omlette which seemed to be prepacked and microwaved), bacon and/or sausage. The hotel was full on the weekend and the breakfast bar was quite busy at times. I felt the hotel did a great job of refilling things and we never had to wait long for anything. We always also managed to find a table for our group of 4.There were a couple of minor things we noted. While the hotel looked great, it is very basic and didn't have any nice little &quot;extras&quot;. I thought it would have been nice to have coffee/tea service in the lobby area throughout the day, not just until 9:30 am - we've had this at other Holiday Inn Express hotels and basic type hotels such as Quality Inns, etc. Some aspects of service could have been a little better as well. I wanted to have a tea in my room early one evening. I had forgot to take a milk back up to the room in the morning - tea with powdered whitener just isn't that great. I had hoped that the front desk could get me a milk - the breakfast room was just a few steps away - but they were unable to help as their &quot;house man&quot; was not on duty. While I was waiting at the front desk an older man approached and indicated that they had just returned from their day out and their room hadn't been cleaned. The gentleman at the front desk indicated that he &quot;couldn't understand how that could happen, it had never happened before&quot;. He asked the guest if he was sure he didn't leave his Do Not Disturb sign on the door. The guest replied he was sure he hadn't. The front desk clerk then proceeded to tell the gentlemant there was nothing he could for him as the cleaning staff were gone for the day and again, the house man was not in. The front desk clerk didn't offer anything to the guest for the inconvenience - he just restated he couldn't understand how that could happen. To me, surely someone could have gone up and emptied the garbages and at least gave them clean towels? Also, don't forget that parking is very expensive, as is pretty standard with wharf area hotels. We didn't have a vechicle but noticed that the valet parking was over $40 per night. If we returned to SF, we wouldn't have any hesitation staying at this hotel again as any issues we had were really quite minor.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great place to stay	Great place to stay and they serve a sumptuous breakfast! Well connected to tourist attractions.	
Apr 27 2009 	Very good hotel great location	I stayed here for 3 nights with my wife, and I really liked it.Location is great, on Fisherman's Wharf.The room was pretty big, with free Internet access, and a regular TV. There was no refrigator, but there were ice vending machines in the halls.Service was ok, but they didn't offer to help us with our bags (we had a lot of luggage) when we arrived. They did have the room available a couple of hours before check in time, which was great for us.I really recommend this hotel. I really liked it.	
Apr 27 2009 	Location is everything!!	What a pleasant suprise. We had read mixed reviews about this one but we were happy. The location is fantastic, close to everything. You can walk to get the ferry to Alcatraz, to see sea lions at pier 39, to the cable car, to the crooked street and a bus stops just near the hotel to the city or to the baseball park. The breakfast was fine, yes it was crowded but we always got a seat for 5 and the food had never ran out when we were there. San Francisco is an expensive place to eat so great to fill the kids up before heading out. Front desk were helpful and able to tell us about buses etc that we needed. Room was bigger than we had expected.	
Apr 26 2009 	Not spectacular but would definitely stay here again	The service was friendly and gave good directions. Breakfast was complimentary and there were many choices. Our view was a cement wall, but out the side, we could see Coit Tower. The room was clean and neat. We were out and about all day and night, so we got everything we needed out of this hotel.	
Apr 20 2009 	nice but woulnot stay here again	upon arrival we had a queen mini suite.very diappointing with had a view of the concrete courtyard.They could at least add potted plants or flowers. A dirty toothbrush lyng on floor. That night my husband got into bed and it smelled like urine. The next day we asked for a room change. since we were staying for 4 nights. they had no suites available so we got a double room. it was much nicer with a view of acatraz. All amentities were located down the street at the holiday inn on columbus Blvd.. We had to walk there to do laundry and for the pool. Breakfast ends at 9:30 AM. So we never made it. It was a good location walking distance to most attractions. Parking 42.00 a day. Internet via phoneline so you have to sit at desk.	
Apr 20 2009 	Room with a view of Alcatraz	This is a great hotel for the price and location. I was surprized by the view of Alcatraz from my window. The parking is outrageous but there is no alternative. At least the valet was always quick. Quick walk to the wharf and shops.	
Apr 18 2009 	BEWARE of $45+ PER DAY Parking fees!!! There is no alternative!!!!	I was out in California for a 2 week business trip. I wanted to fill the weekend with fun things to do since I have not been to California before.This stay started off by waiting to check in for 15 minutes while the person working the check in desk went through every possible thing to do in San Francisco with a couple. By the time she was done with them, the check in line was 4 people deep. I stay at numerous Holiday Inn's and I am a Priority Club Platinum member so I asked if they had any Platinum upgrades. The person behind the desk stated that they did have something available and that she would upgrade me. After we got that taken care of I asked her about the parking situation. They are extremely close to the Fisherman's Wharf I was figuring that they would have free parking for guests or at maximum $10-$20 charge. I find out that the only parking that they have available is valet parking that costs $41 plus applicable taxes that brings the total over $45!!! I asked the person behind the counter if there are any other options, and she stated that she used to tell people to go down the block because they were only $20. She continued to say that now the prices have gone up, and that they are no longer that cheap. No other follow up was done with me. She stated that they do not own the parking area, so that there were no breaks for Platinum members or anyone else for that matter. I over heard the poor lady next to me telling the other family that she was traveling with that the charge is $50 a day per car. They had 2 cars staying for 2 days. That is an extra $200!!! Afterward I did see that there is a $41 Valet Parking charge on their website after I dug around a little bit, and I would have figured that they would have other options than valet parking. I never do valet parking, so I figured that I would just park in the local ramp. Like I have stated I travel a lot for business, and nothing has caught me so off guard as paying 1/3 of the amount that I paid for a room in parking. I was unfamiliar with the area, and I did not feel comfortable driving around trying to find another place to park. To be fair there are numerous hotels around along with this one in this area, and I believe that they all charge close to this much for parking. After the whole parking shocker, I went up to the &quot;upgraded&quot; room. I had originally booked a normal room with a king bed. The &quot;upgraded&quot; room had 2 queen beds. Apparently the &quot;upgrade&quot; means that you get a microwave and an extra small sink. No refrigerator or anything else that would constitute &quot;upgrade&quot; in my book. I went back down to the desk and got my room back with the king bed. I figure that is pretty bad that after an upgrade you go back to the original room that you originally had.The room I had was extremely tiny, and the view out of the window was another room in the hotel. Overall decor in the hallways in the rooms was nice, but absolutely nothing over the top or even special for that matter. If you are thirsty go to the Walgreens up the road since bottled water and other beverages in the vending machine start at $3.00.I had to go down and exchange a towel since it was dirty. Only 2 bath towels were given in the room, so if there is more than one person that wants to take more than one shower you need to use wet towels.The bed makes a funny noise when I sit on it. I do not know what else to say about this, but I wanted to note it.They had wired internet in the room that I was in. I was able to find a wireless signal from this hotel and I called down to the desk to get the access code, and the person that answered stated wireless internet is not available in the rooms. I continued to tell her that it is asking for my Holiday Inn Express access code and she then proceeded to tell me what the pass code is. This just added to the frustration.Overall it really started off on the wrong foot realizing that I had to pay almost $50 just to park, and it really did not get any better. Due to the times I really wanted to stay fiscally responsible for my business trip, and this extra charge took me way over the acceptable costs for a hotel room. Now I am going to have to explain this situation to my supervisors and try and justify the extra charges. I am currently writing this review the night that I am staying at this hotel. I am taking time out of my trip on Friday night to warn people of what they may walk into with this hotel. There is no pool, but they allow you to use the pool from the adjacent Holiday Inn hotel.Like I have stated I travel a lot for business and I stay at Holiday Inn brand hotels 50+ times throughout the year. This one is absolutely the lowest value for the dollar that I have stayed in. The location is nice, but if you are planning on staying more than one night be aware you may be dishing out close to $100 for parking. BUYER BEWARE!!!	
Apr 15 2009 	Good location nice room - expensive parking	Our family of 4 stayed in a Family Suite for 3 nights. Although not technically a 'suite' (it was all in one room), the room was huge and would easily accommodate 5 or 6. It was clean and comfortable. It had a microwave oven and small fridge (though no crockery and cutlery) Breakfast was adequate - it gets very busy and is not a relaxing experience! The hotel is ideally located for FIshermans Wharf, Alcatraz and the Cable Cars.This was the 7th and last hotel we used during a tour of California and it seemed expensive. It cost more than any of the others and gave us less. (5 of the others were suites - i.e. seperate bedroom and living room - , all 6 had full kitchen facilities, 5 had swimming pools, 5 had free parking, 3 had cheese/wine or other free 'goodies'. Perhaps this is a reflection of San Francisco, rather than this particular hotel.Parking is very expensive (about 40 dollars a night, from memory), but the service is very efficient.In summary, this hotel delivers the basics very well but has no 'extras'. I would stay there again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Good choice for family group on holiday in SF	Location - great - convenient for restaurants, Fishermans Wharf attractions, and (although we discovered on our last night) 3 minute walk to large supermarket.Complimentary breakfast - good choice, although very busy. Delicious healthy bran &amp; raisin muffins. Good coffee.Rooms - comfortable, well equipped (table &amp; chairs, large t.v., iron &amp; board, hairdrier, coffee machine). Could have used more drawer space for family of 4. Also, proper cups would have made a big difference to enjoyment of coffee!Free wireless available in bedrooms (am using it now!) - easy to use, and made our stay a lot easier. General - if we come back to SF we will stay here again. Good value.	
Apr 12 2009 	Thin veneer of quality	At check in waited 10 minutes at the unattended reception. The free breakfast is like feeding time at the zoo with dozens of people milling around trying to get at some of the hopelessly under-resourced food bars. was given room 320 right next to the stairwell. Really great to hear the stairwell door slam shut about 9,000 times in the night. From the outside this hotel looks very up market, but is in fact drag and worn out. I can live without a minibar, but there wasn't even a bar fridge in the room. Stay at the Hyatt just over the road.	
Apr 11 2009 	Excellent Hotel	This is the 4th year we have stayed at this hotel. The hotel is excellent and good value for money with good sized rooms and breakfast included, only a short walk to Fisherman`s Wharf and Pier 39, Regular bus services running past the hotel, and close to the Street and Cable cars. We would like to pass on our thanks to Joseph and all the Staff who do a great job in making you feel welcome.	
Apr 7 2009 	Fantastic hotel	This hotel is absolutely one of the best hotels we have stayed in.From the moment we arrived we were greeted with a smile and extremely friendly reception stay. Throughout our stay all the reception staff we met were wonderful, nothing was too much trouble for them.Our room was cleaned daily to a very high standard, it was extremely clean and the bathroom was probably one off the best I have experienced in a hotel. The towels were changed when ever you needed them. The bed linen was changed regularly and the bed must have been at least seven foot wide.For the first three days we didnt eat breakfast in the hotel allthough it was supplied free with our room.. But after spending over 30dollars for two outside the hotel, we decided to try the hotel breakfast. It was fine. It wasnt as overcrowded as I had previously read about on this forum. We always found a table, and the food was certainly good. My husband managed to get bacon or sausage with scrambled eggs or ommeletes every morning.The hotel is perfectly situated for fishermans wharf, to my mind one of the nicest areas of S.F. It is so close to the cable car turn-around.I would so recommend this hotel to anyone. We travelled on a package with Virgin, but I'm sure we could have got it cheaper if we had booked the flight and hotel indepenty.One place the Virgin reps really try to push is a diner called Denny's, I must say we tried it a couple off times, but would not recommend it, it seems to serve mainly junk food.I once asked for fresh fruit and because they didnt have any they bought me a bowl of apple sauce, before even bothering to check with me first.	
Apr 7 2009 	Hotel was just OK	This hotel was in a good location and obviously right by Fishermans Wharf and Ghiradelli Sq. Since we like to walk, we walked the distance to China Town and Union St. We also walked along the water from near the hotel all the way to the Golden Gate bridge which is about 2 miles. On a nice day it is amazingly scenic, so I recommend taking in some sites that way. This hotel was pretty much purpose-only. It was nothing special to look at from the outside and inside. The room was just your basic hotel room and our view was of a wall. We had a handicap room I think because the shower had handrails and a big bench. The bench took up most of the shower so you had to stand pretty much against the wall and the water pressure was weak. Luckily the showerhead detached so you could rinse more efficiently that way. At least the mattress was really comfortable. That is a bonus while on vacation and trying to catch up on sleep. Unfortunately a travel agent got this room for us and I paid full price on a weekend of $230+ a night and wish I had gotten a different hotel for that price or tried Hotwire.com. Besides, Fishermans Wharf is a good location, but you can see that in about an hours time so if I could go back, I would prefer to be more in the heart of the city near Union St. The breakfast was a big bonus for us since we were eating all meals out for our week long trip to northern California. Since we were up early due to the time change from the east coast, we didnt have to fight crowds for food at 7:00 am. At 9:00 when we were headed out to start the day in the city, the breakfast area was packed. But even so, you could get your coffee and something to eat pretty easily. The free internet in the room was a bonus since we brought our laptop. Our hotel in Monterey didn't provide breakfast or free internet in the room.We spent two days in San Fran so we didnt pick up our rental car until we were leaving for Monterey since the parking at the hotel is $40 and the closest garage had a sign for $30 a day. In the end it was a good stay, but if I could go back (because San Francisco was an amazing city!) I would stay closer in towards the heart of the city for that price and probably picked something myself rather than a travel agent who didn't get us any sort of deal.	
Apr 7 2009 	Exceeded My Expections	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express for 3 nights and it was far more than what I expected from a 3 star hotel. First thing I liked about the Holiday Inn Express is its location which is a short walk to Fisherman's whaft. There are cozy delis and a Japanese restaurant next to the hotel, and a Dennys right around the corner. This is perfect for those who have children who are picky eaters. Inside, the check in staff are very accommodating and nice. Rooms are big, clean and roomy. Except for the banging doors, of rooms next door, you can't hear the street noise. They have wifi, and 2 internet stations at the lobby. Breakfast items are very limited which is not a surprise for a small hotel. There are 3 Holiday Inns around the fisherman's wharf but Holiday Inn Express along North Point Street is better located and more accessible. For families on a budget looking for clean accommodations with fantastic location, I would recommend the Holiday Inn Express	
Mar 31 2009 	Ideally Situated!	Searched for a hotel on Fisherman's Wharf and came up with this gem which was perfect for our needs and great value for money. In the heart of the tourist district among the other major hotels - Hilton, Radisson etc, but cheaper! Also had a surprise by the quality and amount of breakfast available, albeit a little haphazard! Free internet service. Gym on site, although no restaurant, no need to worry as there are plenty within the area.Literally 5 minutes walk from Wharf and tram stops. Walgreens around the corner, also a great supermarket for other needs.	
Mar 30 2009 	Couldn't have asked for more	This place meet all of our needs which were a cheap and clean place. We intended on staying 1 night, but ended up staying 1 extra night, because of weather back home. This place was modern and the rooms were the same as any hotels that I have stayed at for much more in different cities. One bad thing was there was no view from the room or restaurant/bar, but for the price, it seemed worth it. Plus there was free breakfast.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great location and the staff is so nice!	I live in Oakland and I had a large group of family visit San Francisco this past weekend. I suggested they stay in Fisherman's Wharf because it seemed like that was a better family locale than other parts of the city. Living in the Bay Area, I am usually pretty anti-tourist locations like Fisherman's Wharf. But I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised at how different the whole area was...and how easy it was to get to everything we wanted to do from there. While there was some confusion between the Holiday Inn Express and the Holiday Inn (down one block) and my family was split between the 2 hotels...it ended up being no big deal and they were both really nice. The staff was amazing and extremely helpful at both.	
Mar 28 2009 	Good value for money	My friend and I arrived on Saturday, March 21 at approximately 11 pm to check in. I had booked a package deal on Expedia for flight and hotel and had put in a request via Expedia for a non-smoking room with two double beds, but when we arrived, we were informed that there was only one room available and it had a king-size bed. The front desk person assured us that we could change our room for the remaining four nights of our stay to a room with two doubles. When we got into our room on the third floor, we noticed that it was also a smoking room, so we called down to the front desk and were told that there was nothing that could be done about this. The following morning we checked out of that room, but there still were no non-smoking double bed rooms available, so we moved ourselves into a non-smoking room with a king bed, which we remained in for the duration of our stay.Other than this matter with the rooms, we were happy with our stay at this hotel. Rooms were clean. Free breakfast was a bonus and the service at the breakfast bar by the hotel staff was good. Location was great as it is near Fisherman's Wharf but still quiet as we did not hear any street noise from our room. There was complimentary internet on three computers available in the lobby.	
Mar 25 2009 	A wonderful hotel with very friendly staff.	Went back home with my 13 year old. His first time in the city. Our room was not ready, early check in, so they upgraded us! No extra charge. Room was very clean and comfortable. Staff was the best I have ever encountered in this city. Decent breakfast every morning. Can not say enough about this hotel or the staff! Highly recommended!	
Mar 24 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Highly Recommended	We spent the last 2 nights of our honeymoon here, after being in Hawaii, and it was great. The location was very central to checking out the city, the staff were really helpful and friendly, and the rate we paid was much less than other hotels of the same level were charging. Free breakfast was a nice plus, though it was tricky to wake up by 9am due to jet lag. No complaints, and I'd recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 24 2009 	Anything but an	I stayed here a couple of nights while in town and loved the place. Views of Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge right from my window, and it's right on top of Fisherman's Wharf. My preconceptions about what constitutes a Holiday Inn &quot;Express&quot; must be flawed, because this was anything but an economy-class motel for overnight business travelers. It's a classy joint; to the point I was a little stunned when I walked into my room. I'm no world traveler/hotelier, but this was one of the nicest rooms I've ever stayed in while on vacation.Anyway, needless to say, I'd highly recommend it to anyone heading into San Fran for any length of time. You're close to everything, the staff is incredibly friendly, and my room was top-notch. Forget Zagat's; you've got me to rely on for your hotel reviews.	
Mar 21 2009 	Great Hotel	Just what you would expect from Holiday Inn, good value great staff and great location. My partner left his wallet in the bathroom the day we were flying back to the UK, the reception team arranged a limo to drive it to the airport prior to us flying.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great Location Clean Rooms Good Value!	Stayed here March 5-8 and was pleasantly surprised. The room had 2 double beds, was clean and comfortable. Also, there was no road noise like other hotels I've stayed at in the Fisherman's Wharf area. You can still hear the doors opening and closing from neighboring rooms, but that's normal. The location is right around the corner from Fisherman's Wharf. There is a Burger King one block down if you get hungry and want some fast food. There is also a Safeway and Walgreens two blocks down from the hotel. The breakfast was the same most days - extra extra crispy bacon, sausage, eggs, cereal, muffins, bagels w/ cream cheese, bananas, warm cinnamon rolls, yogurt, milk, coffee, etc. The hotel only offers valet parking at $41/day + tax. So take this into account when reserving your room.Overall, a very nice stay at the Holiday Inn Express and I would definitely stay here again in the future!	
Mar 20 2009 	Great Location!	We stayed here on 29 &amp; 30 Dec. 2008. We are a family of 5. I rang the hotel to find out if there were any rooms that could take all of us in one room, but was told that these were all sold out and they did not put roll aways in the rooms. Had to book 2 rooms with a request for inter-connecting rooms. The guy I was talking to said he would put that request in but could not guarantee anything until we arrived, to see what was available on the day. Our flight from Australia arrived early in the morning and we arrived at the hotel about 9.45am. We couldn't book in straight away as the rooms were not ready, this was not a problem as they could store the luggage for us and we could go sightseeing. However , we were told that the hotel does not have any inter-connecting rooms and that the best they could do was give us 2 rooms side by side. That was the only down side.(Do not know why the guy on the phone couldn't tell me this.)The staff were very helpful.The breakfast was reasonable. - only fruit choice was bananas.The location was fantastic - walking distance to most things.Great restaurants near by. The kids enjoyed the Rainforest cafe.The Christmas decorations throughout San Francisco were beautiful.Even the historic cable cars get decorated for the occassion.Fisherman's wharf was extremely crowded at this time of year - was a bit unprepared for that. Decided to stay here for the location, a sister-in-law recommended it and thought we could all stay in one room.Loved San Francisco.	
Mar 18 2009 	Wonderful hotel and staff	My family of four stayed here for a few days during Spring Break vacation. The hotel was everything we were looking for. It was within walking distance to Pier 39, public transportation, fantastic restaurants and some of the local attractions. Our room was a mini suite with 2 comfortable double beds. The room was clean, had a small fridge and microwave, and was cheery. The maid did an exceptional job of cleaning everyday. The continental breakfast offered a great variety of items and was plentiful. Some of the foods offered included scrambled eggs, bacon or sausage, toast, bagels, english muffins, cereals, cinnamon rolls, bananas, yogart, milk, juices, and coffee. The staff we dealt with was always pleasant, helpful and greeted us with a smile and hello. We had no complaints about anything during our stay. It was truly exceptional!	
Mar 18 2009 	A true gem	One of the few places that offers you more comforts than you expect from is rating. Great location with easy access to the wharf, friendly staff, average sized but comfortable rooms with clean and fresh linen. Free basic breakfast(eggs,sausage, toast, cinnabuns etc), free hi speed internet. Nice bed, good shower, surprise Biore facial scrub and serum along with shower essentials. Parking is expensive in any of the wharf hotels. We opted not to rent a car coz everything was within walking distance. Overall we had a really good experience.	
Mar 15 2009 	Very impressed	I was very impressed with this hotel. The hotel is clean and modern with many facilities. The rooms are great. They have free internet, a small gym, and breakfast is included in your rate. The location is wonderful. You can eat at restaurants nearby on Fisherman's Wharf or catch a cable car (two block walk) and go up to China Town. I cannot fault this hotel!	
Mar 12 2009 	Nice Hotel Nice Location Service Needs Improvement	Yes, beware the parking fees, but to be fair, they list it right on their website. And, unlike some places I've stayed, it's $41 for the day, not $41 each time you put the car in. (Of course, check their site, fees change.)The hotel location is great, right on the wharf, the lobby was spotless, as was the room. The valet parking, while expensive by Madison (WI) standards, was very nice during the day, we didn't have to wait to drop off or retrieve the car.The downside? The service. The check-in clerk was disinterested, at best. On check-out, the clerk was downright rude. They also refused to discount or refund the final &quot;day&quot; of parking, despite our departure at 4AM. On top of it, the valet was not on duty, so I was given the keys and sent to the garage to find the car.So, stay, if you're not driving, or if you've carefully compared other accommodations, including parking.	
Feb 26 2009 	Don't Be Fooled by the Low Rates	I travel to San Francisco quite often for weekend vacations. I usually stay close to San Francisco International Airport due to the fact that the hotels close to the airport offer better rates and are within a short drive to Downtown. However, during my last visit, I booked this property due to the low rate that the hotel offerred. However, the room became very expensive due to the fact that the hotel charged me forty-one dollars a day to park my car. Further, the rooms were small and the breakfast bar was poorly stocked. Next time, I will probably choose to stay at one of the airport hotels again since the rates and rooms are better and since those hotels do not charge for parking.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great hotel location plenty to see and do in SF!	Just got back from a week in SF. Definitely recommend this hotel. Great location. 5 mins walk to tourist area of Fisherman's Wharf. FW itself is somewhat &quot;tacky&quot; and 100% focused on tourism, but the hotel is far enough to be away from that, yet close enough to walk there!- Buffet breakfast was very nice - 6.30am to 9.30am. Standard cereal, toast, pasteries etc. tea/coffee/juice. Can take back to room too.- Nice room, no problems with maid service/cleaniness etc. - all excellent.- Plenty of shuttle bus companies from SF airport to FW area - anywhere from $11 - $17 each way. Look for coupons on the hotel map flyers to book your return shuttle.- For souvenier shopping, I would suggest check out Chinatown FIRST, then stroll to Fisherman's Wharf. Generally, Chinatown is cheaper and has the same range.- For tours, I went with Gray Line through San Francisco Sightseeing Tours. I took the Muir Woods tour (with ferry back from Salsolito) and the Yosemite tour. Both very good. If I could only pick one, it would be Yosemite.- Book your Alcatraz tour through the offifical website - about $26 US. Really worth seeing and the audio tour is great. On the audio tour, skip following the official route and work your own way around - you can still listen and get the general idea and miss the crowds.- Take the walk from the hotel to the GG Bridge. Allow about an hour there and an hour back. Completely flat trail along the bay and then a stepped climb for the last part next to the bridge. You'll know it was worth it!- If you're vegetarian/vegan there are plenty of places to eat in SF - way more than other cities I've visited.- Cable car ride (must do!) is $5 regardless of trip length. Do as the tour books suggest and catch the cable car one or two stops up from the turnaround points to skip the tourist line-ups. If you want more info on anything, feel free to e-mail me :-)	
Feb 22 2009 	Lovely but beware parking costs	We stayed here for 5 nights in Feb and found it to be a lovely hotel. Our room was really spacious and very clean. The staff were helpful and friendly. The hotel is in an excellent location, a 5 min walk from pier39. The only downside is that valet parking is $46 a day, which we were not aware of until we arrived. That might be our fault but it was a bit of a shock! Overall though, this hotel is a great place to stay.	
Feb 18 2009 	Excellent location and value for the money	This hotel was right by Fisherman's Wharf and only a 30 minute walk to Chinatown. It is a short walk to the Muni bus stop where you can catch the 30 Stockton bus to go south to Chinatown or go west to the Golden Gate Bridge.The hotel is only a 10 minute taxi ride from the Embarcadero BART station. It should cost you $8-$9 USFree buffet breakfast was a bonus. It got us out faster in the morning to go see the sights. The breakfast was nothing elaborate but it was fast and there was lots of variety.The front desk staff were very helpful and patient about sightseeing questions and let me extend my check-out time by 1.5 hours.The room was very clean and quite nice. The coffee maker in the room was great for making tea in the evening. The hotel was very quiet and we slept soundly as the beds were very comfy.There are 2 laptops for guests to use to access the internet which was great. We were able to e-mail messages home.	
Feb 13 2009 	Perfect hotel for SF tourist seeking good value/location	The consensus about this hotel being excellent is right on the money; I can attest as I chose this hotel after reading the reviews here. Some finer points that weren't mentioned that I think could be useful:-Not only is this walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, you could walk to/from Union Square via Little Italy and Chinatown (both relatively safe neighborhoods) in about 30 minutes. Moreover, the path to/from is not too hilly relative to other parts of SF.-The lobby floor has a bathroom, which is useful if you are squeamish about using the disgusting ones around Fisherman's Wharf.-Though the valet was indeed expensive (a given with a hotel in a good location), the cost includes in/out privileges. Valets were quick at both check in and out, and always asked if you needed directions.-Breakfast gets really crowded, so get there before 8:00 if you want to eat in relative peace.-The bathroom products have a cinammon scent... could be good or bad depending on your take. In any case, there's a drugstore about a minute walk away for misc toiletry needs.Overall, I easily recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good combination of value and location.	
Feb 3 2009 	Great hotel and location!	Since I arrived late at night on a Wednesday checking in was no problem. I didn't notice any bell person but no problem I had my daughter helping me with my luggage. The mini suite was nice, bed comfortable and having a refrigerator and microwave was good to have. Other reviews listed noise as a problem, I didn't notice any. The continental breakfast was okay. I have also noticed others complaining about the plastic utensils and plates --- to me, that is convenient especially when you want to take food to your room. What did people expect, real plates? It is a great hotel and in a nice location. Will be back in March.	
Jan 31 2009 	great location	This is a great hotel for tourists. It's just around Fisherman's Wharf and close to a lot of food outlets, both cheap/fast food (IHOP, In/Out Burger, Denny's) as well as fine dining (Gary Danko...). Walgreens, Barnes &amp; Noble, Trader Joe's...etc are all nearby. It's also close to the tram depot so it's convenient for transport.Room is clean and spacious, with a great bathroom. I had a little kitchenette in my mini-suite. Internet was free so this was great. Breakfast was OK.Staff at the front were very helpful. No in-house laundromat but it's available at the Holiday Inn next door.Would defintely consider staying here again.	
Jan 26 2009 	3 night stay SF Holiday Inn Express	If you are looking for a quiet room and within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf without paying you know those other prices then go no further. I know it was off season, but that was part of the reason for visiting San Francisco. The trip was more about being a tourist and we figured why not stay in the main tourist spot. As other reviews mention and I agree, there is no reason for renting a car to see the tourist spots unless you are planning on doing it in a day on your own pace. Keep in mind the many tour options. Everything was in walking distance and what wasn't was easily accessible by using some type of day pass. We went ahead and bought a City Pass which was very useful. We did all the tours/museums that came with the pass and benefitted it also by using for all the local public transportaion. Anyway, the hotel is right across or next to the other main hotels, but nearly half the price. The bed was very comfortable and as I mentioned very quiet when we were not out being tourists. Plus you can't beat the free breakfast and free internet (computer on site as well).	
Jan 22 2009 	Loving It	Paid around $50 USD/night for this hotel on Hotwire, which is a real bargain in San Francisco! Room is lovely, large and very clean. Nice and quiet. Room has safe, coffee maker and plenty of space for storage. Free wi-fi with good signal.No problem with staff at reception.Valet parking is expensive- $41 for 24 hours.Cable car is a 5 minute walk away. Great location for tourists. Breakfast provided is ok- bagels, english muffins, eggs, sausages, etc.	
Jan 2 2009 	Bad service good location	We stayed the first 5 nights of our holiday in a small boutique hotel in San Francisco and after changed to the Holiday Inn, unfortunately.. There was nothing really wrong with the hotel itself, but the service from the front desk was so unbelievably bad that I have not encountered such attitude anywhere else. On arrival we were placed into the Beach street annex of the hotel and the two ladies who worked there had really a bad attitude problem, maybe because they had to work in the cold lobby. The reception also closed during the night hours and it felt a bit unsafe to enter the hotel through a parking lot and find unmanned reception.Others the location was fabulous and the rooms were equipped very well. We were glad to get familiar with another part of San Francisco but would not choose this hotel again because of the service.	
Jan 1 2009 	This hotel is fantastic	We stayed here as our first stop from Australia on American holiday. I was not sure what to expect and was pleasantly surprised. Location is excellent less than 2 blocks from fishermans Wharf &amp; easy walking distance to cable tram and other attractions. We have 2 children 11 &amp; 14 and it was a great location with low noise and comfortable facilities. The free breakfast was simple but nice &amp; fantastic cost saver to start our holiday.There is a great bar acrooss the road called Knuckles and if you like beer you must go to Jac's bar which is easy walking distance. San Francisco was great and this hotel excellent way to see it all from...	
Dec 28 2008	Absolutely Loved it!	What a great Hotel. We stayed here for 6 nights in August 2008 and we were completely blown away. The hotel is in a incredible location on Fisherman's Wharf with an approximate walk of ten minutes to Pier 39. There is so much to do here and everything is easily accessible as the trolley leaves just around the corner from the hotel.The room's were modern and very clean!! Spotless even!! The hotel staff were the best that I have ever encountered, they were so friendly and always willing to help us no matter what!Breakfast was included as part of our package and changed everyone morning but it was so yummy! Internet access was free the hotel even provided 2 computers for their guests to use in the lobby.The only thing that we were upset about was that our room did not have a fridge, we quickly got over that as we hardly spent any time in there.I highly recommend this hotel to everyone that is visiting San Francisco.	
Dec 17 2008 	Great value for the location	Being only a 2 star hotel I was not sure if it would be nice or not. It turned out to be great. You are within 2 blocks of the Warf, Ghiradeli, Boudin, the f line street car stop and the mason line cable car. The hotel staff was really friendly and the rooms were fine. It is also a nice bonus that you get breakfast. It was the standard holiday inn express spread but it fills you up.	
Nov 29 2008 	Great hotel	This is a great hotel in a really good location, 5 mins walk from Fisherman's Wharf.The staff were friendly and helpful, the room was large and clean and the free breakfast was very good.I would definatley recommend this hotel.	
Nov 25 2008 	Great Stay at HI Express Fisherman's Wharf	We stayed here with our 3 children in a suite which was very quiet, comfortable and clean. The staff were efficient and friendly at check-in and the valets were helpful but as others have said the parking is expensive. On arrival the fridge in our room wasn't working- we contacted housekeeping and a whole new fridge appeared in 10 minutes!The location is great for all the sights in SFO. We hired bikes from the shop around the corner and rode from Fishermans Wharf, around the Bay and over the Golden Gate Bridge- a real highlight and the kids loved it. The breakfast can get busy but we always got a table- don't wait until the last 30-45mins though as they seemed to run out of the hot food. Altogether a great time and we would stay again.	
Nov 7 2008 	Great location!	This hotel was close to everthing. Walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 and Ghirardelli Square. Staff was very friendly and rooms were very clean. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great Location and Clean	Stayed at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf Thursday October 2 and Friday October 3 2008. Arrived early and checked in immediately. They had a room ready., I had been told about the possibility of getting a room in the Beach building across the street and down the block. I was a little dissapointed when she told us we were in that building, but we did not ask to change it, as the main building were smoking rooms, Ours were nonsmoking. They offered to take our luggage over, but it was really just a short walk. We went to our room and were very satisfied. We loved the free wireless internet. We were only at this location for 2 nights, and we did get a ground floor room. There was a little street noise, I would recommend asking for a higher room if this would bother you. The desk at our building was open almost all the time and the employees were very helpful. We had to fax some papers for our balloon ride and something was not working. She tried and tried. She would not give up, even called the company and finally got the papers faxed. We did not eat in the restaurant in the hotel, because we have a strict rule for not going to any type of chain restaurant while visiting other cities,.  The location was perfect to visit the Fisherman's Wharf area. There is a most wonderful (5 stars out of 5) restaurant just down the block called Beach Street Grill. I highly recommend eating there for breakfast. We both had excellent food, outstanding friendly service and great Momosa's. If I were to stay near Fishermans Wharf again, I would definately look into this place again.	
Oct 28 2008 	Strictly Average	My husband and I stayed for 3 nights and, although most people raved about the hotel, I felt it was just average. The location, however, was perfect, since we were going to Alcatraz and also visited our nephew who lives in the nearby marina district (he wanted us to stay with him, but it's a one bedroom apartment, so I graciously declined). Although we're regular visitors to SF, I felt this room was smaller than the norm, but it was quiet, since it was at the end of the hallway. We didn't need any information from the front desk, so I can't comment on their service. We're Priority Club members, but we didn't receive any upgrades or other perks (our view was another section of the hotel). The free breakfast was a mob scene, so we didn't take full advantage of it, since there was nowhere to sit (I balanced a roll and juice on my lap, while sitting on a couch). The parking fee was also a negative, but I should have asked about it before we made the reservation. It looks like most of the hotel guests booked through Hotwire and I might have felt different if I'd gotten a cheaper rate, since I wouldn't expect as much.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great Location. All in all a great hotel.	GREAT LOCATION for pretty much every site in San Francisco. The shopping district was a short bus route away. Hop on a tour bus and get a good look at the whole city. It's fantastic. The breakfast was standard, it was a nice change to actually see a hotel in America doing complimentary breakfasts. The rooms were standard and comfortable. Clean and staff were friendly.	
Oct 24 2008 	Great Location	Front desk were very helpful, they were able to give us lots of information about the area. Internet is available free to use on two shared computers next to the lobby. Breakfast was okay, a bit plastic (tasteless) but complimentary. Good location, 2 blocks back from fisherman's wharf, very easy walk and back far enough that you didn't have any noise or crowds. Tour desks close and end of cable car turnaround is only 2 blocks away. Everything was an easy walk and transport was easy to catch if you wanted to venture to down town or take a tour over the Golden gate bridge.Rooms were very clean and the bed was comfortable. You don't get a view from most rooms however you don't spend much time in your room anyway as there is so much to see in San Fran. If you want to do laundry you do need to use the coin operated machines in the next holiday Inn which is in the same block. The front desk can swap notes for quarters to use the machines.	
Oct 17 2008 	Excellent location expensive parking crowded breakfast	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Fishermans Wharf with my wife for 5 nights in October 2008 as part of our vacations at the West Coast. I got a reasonably good rate considering the location of the hotel and that we had breakfast included. The king room was above average. Clean, comfortable, and with the expected amenities. Everything looked new, and that also gave us a good impression. Free internet (cable, not wireless) worked well. Breakfast was included in rate. Completely over crowded, as the hotel probably has more than 400 rooms, and is located in a highly touristic zone. That said, it had eggs, bagles, cream cheese, etc... But dozens of people at the same time, so don't expect to be in a quiet zone. From time to time you can notice that the staff isn't able to replenish the food, so don't let to have breakfast at the last 30 minutes. Parking is extremely expensive (thirty nine dollars per day). Location is excellent. Walking distance of the cable car, pier 39, Guirardelli square and other attractions. Hotel is near other famous hotels as Hyatt, Hilton, Marriott and even Holiday Inn. As a tip, there's a 24 hours open denny's around the corner.	
Oct 16 2008 	Great hotel with best location in Fisherman's Warf	This is a beautiful great hotel located one block from the center of Fisherman's Warf in San Francisco. Safe area which allows you to walk to many San Francisco tourist spots. Restaurants everywhere. Trolley line at your doorstep for ease of getting around. We have stayed here before and love this hotel and location. This hotel sits right next to a regular Holiday Inn but this Holiday Inn Express is much newer and looks great from both the inside and out. Here are the only two things to be aware of: First, recheck the hotel website about a week before arrival to see if the rates have been lowered. We saved about $100 per night by doing this. Secondly, the fee for parking your car is $39 per day plus parking tax of $5.46. This is very pricey and is a hidden fee unless you read the fine print. Just be prepared. Overall, a Great experience and would stay here again and again.	
Oct 15 2008 	A good choice for Fishermans Wharf	This hotel is very well located - just around the corner from Fishernans Wharf. The breakfast being included in the price is a bonus - it is a bit of a bun fight but the food was fine and plentiful - cereals, yoghurt, toast, muffins etc, cinnamon buns, bananas as well as some hot options - scrambled eggs, sausages/bacon.Also you get the bonus of being able to use the pool next door at the main Holiday Inn Fishermans Wharf. The laundry also is over there.Our room had no outlook at all - just a window into an internal lightwell, but it was comfortable and quiet.There is a Denny's on site and Internet access terminals in the foyer.Basically everything we needed was there.	
Oct 13 2008 	Good hotel	With the exception of the, in my view expensive parking, this is a great hotel, good location, helpful staff, nice rooms, I did not eat thereso cannot comment.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed in the Holiday Inn for 5 nights and just used it as a base to sleep. Good central location with access to most attractions especially the trams and tour buses. We didn't use any of the services whilst at the hotel but when we did ask any questions all the staff were very helpful! The room was very clean and of good decor with very comfortable beds. We did not have a view of sorts but that did not bother us as we only used the room to sleep.A short review but we did not use the hotel that much, overall very nice and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great	Stayed for two nights and very central for all the main tourist sights. Hotel was clean and breakfast was OK but really the cooked food we avoided.	
Oct 1 2008 	Great Hotel!!!!	We stayed here for 4 nights in Sept 2008. Location is great, rooms clean, service good, free internet access, valet parking was great service, close to all food and points of interestDown falls, no pool, parking $40 a day (ouch)Great place to stay, would recommend.But if you plan on using a car.....which I advise.....stay further out, parking is cheaper, hotels are cheaper, and you have to pay to park anyways anywhere in the Fishermans Wharf area.	
Oct 1 2008 	Wonderful location	My daughter &amp; I found this hotel comfortable, in a great location and we were pleased with the cleanliness. It was easy to reach Fisherman's Wharf, Pier 39 and the tram terminus. It didn't take more than 10 mins to walk to Lombard Street though it's uphill all the way. The hotel is only two streets away from the water/Embarcadero &amp; we felt safe in the area. Parking was quite expensive, though in the city it is more expensive than here, however it was valet parking and the guys were very nice. We found the reception staff very helpful on check-in and through our five day stay. Our room was an internal one overlooking an internal atrium so we had no outside noise. The room was clean and there were plenty of towels in the bathroom.Breakfast is included in the price - you help yourself to cereal, Danish, buns, toast, eggs, some odd stuff I didn't recognise (but I'm British so it might have been grits?), sausages, fruit juices and other things. The choice was good however there are crowds of people from around 7am - jetlag worked in our favour in this instance so we were there before the hoards at 8am. There was still plenty later on although some of the guests were acting as though they weren't going to find anywhere to eat for the next year!! I'd have no hesitation in returning there as it was the ideal base for us in San Francisco. We booked through Hotwire and I didn't feel we had a bad deal from the hotel because of this.	
Sep 29 2008 	It was just what we needed...	My wife and I stayed here at the start of a 16-day trip (for three nights). We knew we would be late arriving (having missed a connecting flight) and had phoned ahead with our expected arrival time. When we arrived we found that Reception had made of note of this and check-in was smooth. Our room was in the middle of the hotel (very nice and quiet) and it was just what we needed after a long trip from the UK. We were staying here over the Labor Day weekend, so the hotel was busy. We only really noticed this at breakfast, and whilst there was plenty of food for everyone we did notice that at around 8am one morning free tables were scare. A very minor point, and only to be expected, and it didn't cause any problems. The hotel is excellently situated, being between the ends of two cable car lines and one block from the street car (tram). We would definately stay here again and would recommend it to others.	
Sep 26 2008 	Great Location Great Hotel	My wife and I have just completed a trip around the world staying at a variety of hotels, some bad, some good. We both rated this hotel very highly. The reception staff are kept very busy with the high volume of tours which come through but they still treated us with warmth and a smile. The concierge, Rhoda, was particularly helpful, as was their comically dressed bellboy, who was great at whistling down cabs and providing directions. If you are staying at this hotel try and get onto the 5th floor. This is the floor with the business centre. We stayed in room 506 which was large, clean and very well equipped with everything expected from a quality hotel. The king sized bed was also fantastic. We did not have any meals at the hotel as it is located very close to Walgreens supermarket. We saved lots of money buying fresh fruit and groceries from this store. The room also had a microwave oven which came in handy heating up a few TV meals. The coffee making machine was also a nice touch, especially for my wife! Fishermans Wharf is a great place to stay. Even though it is very touristy, its where the action is and there is lots of cheap clothing and characterful shop assistants. San Francisco is a superb city. For a fun filled day, if you have the energy catch a cab to Haight Ashbury, walk from Masonic down Haight St and check out all the great shops and survivors of the hippy and punk eras. Keep walking through Golden Gate Park ( about a 2 hour walk) visit the attractions and get right down to the Pacific Ocean. Just keep heading west towards the sun. There is a great hotel just to the left here. Have a few wines or beers and catch a cab home. What a day!	
Sep 25 2008 	Great Place to Stay	My wife and I are in our 60's and stayed at the Holiday Inn Express at Fisherman's Wharf for four nights in September 2008. Very clean, quiet modern room. Very comfortable beds. Convenient location to the Wharf which was extremely crowded when we were there. Lots of restaurants and touristy stores and stands nearby. Continental breakfast was adequate, but that's OK. Lots of tour buses and some mornings the dining area was crowded, but we always got a seat. Hotel has only valet parking which is a whopping $39.00 per day. Near cable cars and public transportation. We would stay there again.	
Sep 21 2008 	Good choice	My wife and I arrived in the morning intending to store our luggage until later in the day. The woman at the front desk checked, and a room was ready, so we checked in. The room was smaller than at the Hyatt across the street (which we had just checked out of), but pretty much standard for HI Express. It was clean and the bed was comfortable. We had no problems whatsoever during our stay. The free breakfast buffet had some hot items including cinnamon rolls, some pre-made cheese omelets, and bacon one day and sausages the next. We thought it was good enough to eat there again the second morning. The hotel is in a great location close to the wharf, and convenient for catching the streetcar, buses, and cable cars. We would stay there again.	
Sep 19 2008 	Just OK	Haing stayed in three different hotels in San Francisco, value and quality don't seem to be as good as other American cities. The good thing is that the city itself is so lovely you will forget about this.The service is basic, the room comfortable and clean. This hotel is frequented by tour groups so if faceless chain hotels are not your scene, don't stay here. You can't argue with the location, just a short walk to the Embarcardero and the cable cars to downtown. Breakfast is a chore - poor food and constant bumping into people because the buffet is too small for the number of guests. Overall, a forgettable experience but nothing too bad.	
Sep 11 2008 	Terrible Service especially if you book with Hotwire	On arriving we had to wait for the front desk staff at the main building to finish playing with their hair before being checked in. They asked if we wanted a smoking or non-smoking king room and we said non-smoking. We had been put in the notorious beach building around the corner and across the street. As we entered the corridor there was an odd odour of car fumes and cigarettes but trusted the staff hadn't given us a smoking room. On entering the room the smell was awful, there was someone elses hair attached to the ceiling of the bathroom and the bed was clearly a single room. We couldn't understand it when I had signed a document at check in that said it was a non smoking king. We had a terrible nights sleep as we were on the ground floor and had buses and people being loud outside our room. As soon as we got up (not that I got much sleep - I didn't feel very safe) we asked the front desk in our building to move us. The room we moved to was twice the size and clearly a non-smoking room. The front desk, bell man etc in the beach house building are not reliable, half the time they were closed. When I needed quarters for the laundry (don't use the drier, your clothes would dry faster by blowing on them) we had to go all the way to the other building because they don't have any at the beach building. The internet was not working in our building as well. I am certain that we were given a single room because when collecting quarters a man at the front desk said we wanted to move from one and the number of his room put it in the same position as ours but on a different floor. In short, I wouldn't stay here again. They have poor customer service, unequal access to facilities based on where they put you and did not give me a room for 2 when that was what I paid for. It did not feel safe either.	
Sep 9 2008	Great Choice!	Holiday Inn Express at the Wharf was a great choice! The hotel was very well maintained . Free breakfast was included and could always find a selection that was fine and would get your day started. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Location was super, could hop on a bus ,streetcar or walk to any attraction along the wharf area. Would absolutely stay again and would recommend it highly.	
Sep 6 2008 	Great location	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express for 5 nights at the start of September with my boyfriend. Hotel was in a great location 2 minutes walk from the heart of Fisherman's walk. Central San Francisco was easily accessible by streetcar just around the corner at a bargainous 80p. Our room was on the 2nd floor. Was clean and spacious and couldn't fault it. The hotel offers a free contintenal breakfast, We only had it one day as the choices of food were limited and it was very crammed when we went downstairs which was a little off putting.Free internet access in the lobby which was helpful.Would stay here agan as couldn't fault it.	
Sep 5 2008	Spot On!	We chose to stay at the HI Express for a couple of reasons. Most of the Fishermans Wharf hotel were coming in at about the same price, so went with what looked like best value. The HI Express offers a free breakfast every morning, so that sealed the deal for us.Location can't be faulted, it's right in the middle of the Wharf. You can walk to pretty much anywhere within 5 mintues, including Pier 39 and cable car turnarounds. It is on North Point Street, a fairly quite street from our experience. Our room overlooked the street, and we had absolutely no complaints about road noise, or noise from other rooms for that matter. We were on the 4th (top) floor, right at the end of the corridor, which must have helped keep noise levels down. With only 4 floors, there was never a long wait for the elevator.The hotel looks very new, everything feels fresh, and everything was spotlessly clean. No complaints whatsoever, and the daily housekeeping did a good job. The bed itself was very comfy, though the room itself wasn't that large. Fine for the two of us, but you couldn't have fitted anyone else in there. Not a problem though, as we weren't there to spend time in the hotel. We found the two internet access PC's in the lobby very handy, and on only a couple of occasions did we have to wait.Breakfast was very good for a 'free' breakfast. They had the usual selection of cereal, fruit, yoghurts, pastries, muffins, etc, plus a small selection of cooked foods like sausages, bacon, egg, etc. Free coffee, juice and milk as well of course.The staff at the front desk were very friendly and polite. Both check-in and check-out were efficent. We didn't make use of the parking at the hotel, which at around $42 a day plus tip (it is valet only), we were glad we didn't have a car. The hotel does have an undercover pull in, which is big enough to hold a couple of cars, which was handy for us on checkout day as we collected a car from Avis just around the corner, and brought it back to the hotel to load up. They were happy for us to park in the drop-off area for 15 minutes to load up.We'd have no hesitation in recommending the hotel to others, and would certainly stay there again. It's not really that cheap (we paid $200 a night at the start of June 2008), but no more expensive that anywhere else in the area, but we were happy with what we got.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great Hotel	We really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel. The entire staff were wonderful, the room was clean and a good size (we had 2 double beds for our family of four) and the hotel's decor was clean and fresh. The front desk staff were helpful, the cleaning staff did an excellent job cleaning our room daily and the breakfast staff did a fine job of replenishing food during an always hectic breakfast. The breakfast was excellent with a number of different choices (both hot and cold food available). One of my daughters' suffers from asthma. Unfortunately we could not book and be guaranteed a non smoking room through Hotwire in advance. However I contacted the Hotel on the morning of our arrival to request a non smoking room and upon our arrival later that day they had met my request and our non smoking room was ready for us(before 3 p.m. check-in) Our only concern would be the room location given to us. The room faced Beach St. and the F Line Streetcar roars by on Beach St. starting around 5:00 a.m. The Hotel's sound insulation was good but we often were still awakened by the sound of the streetcar in the morning. However we most certainly thought we got excellent value! The location in Fisherman's Wharf was excellent with easy access to public transit (both Cable Cars and the streetcar line). We rented a car for 3 of our 7 day stay and were able to find overnight street parking near the hotel every night which allowed us to save about $40 per night had we parked the car in the Hotel garage. My wife and I are both runners and we used the Hotel's fitness facility. As well it was a short run from the Hotel to the waterfront where we could run along the Embarcadero for several miles without worrying about vehicular traffic. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Holiday Inn Express in Fisherman's Wharf. I would HIGHLY recommend this Hotel.	
Sep 4 2008 	Excellent in many ways!	An amazing place. The best hotel of my trip.Arrived at night at Pier 39 after being bussed from Amtrak across the Bay and being pointed in the right direction I took the short walk to the hotel. I'd worked out the right way in from using Google Streetview which helped me a huge amount in San Francisco but with all the hotels in the area it's not always obvious.Fast check-in, upstairs and right upstairs in the lift. Lovely big comfy bed, great bathroom, lockable 'safe' in the cupboard which was useful and free internet access which I made good use of.No view (out into an internal courtyard/gap between rooms) but unless you were on the top floor at the front I don't think you'd get a view.Ice and drinks machine round the corner, first one I'd seen where you needed your door key to get to it. Talking of keys I locked mine in my room one day and the front desk were very quick at replacing them for me.Fishermans Wharf is round the corner and there are lots of places to shop and eat. Walgreens is amazing and exceptionally useful being open so late when you desperately need after sun lotion from cycling around all day!So many attractions nearby in the wharf but also Pier 39 and it's seals and shops. Bit of a gap and a walk until you get to the Ferry Building which is the only 'issue' I had but the city has so much to offer.I was exceptionally happy with my stay, just wished I could have stayed longer. I'll be back.	
Aug 30 2008 	Hard to Fault	Had a four night city break to San Francisco in late June 2008. First time in the city and chose this hotel after looking at reviews on this site. We were not disappointed and found a lot of positive features. The price was good, especially when including the buffet breakfast which was simple but allowed enough choice to set you up for the day. We had two rooms between five and they were both good sized, clean and reasonably furnished. While we didn't have many occasions to require help from the staff, when we did we found them friendly and helpful. The big plus for this hotel is definitely the location, just off Fisherman's Wharf, with lots of attractions within walking distance. There is a MUNI terminus just around the corner and two cable car lines end close to the hotel. There are also plenty of restaurants in the surrounding area.For anyone looking for an affordable, well located base to explore San Francisco, we strongly recommend considering staying at this hotel.	
Aug 28 2008 	Too few beds	We booked 3 nights at the Holiday Inn Express San Francisco - Fisherman's Wharf through Hotwire. We booked the room for 2 adults and 2 children (age 11 and 14). When we arrived, we were told the room wasn't ready, but to go to lunch and come back in an hour or so. When we came back, we were given a room with one King sized bed for 4 people! They told us they could not give us 2 beds because they were oversold on those rooms. They also said that Hotwire didn't guarantee the number of beds in the room. I argued that Hotwire did guarantee a room that would sleep the number of people that the reservation is made for. They offered us a rollaway at no cost, but could not put a second rollaway in the room due to fire code. They suggested I call Hotwire and ask them to move us to a new hotel. Hotwire offered nothing to help us. The hotel told us to take it or leave it, since they knew we had prepaid the hotel stay at a fraction of the cost that they could book the room for. The hotel manager spoke to Hotwire on my cell phone, but never once came out to talk to us! We had to sleep 3 of us in the King sized bed! Buyer beware ... Hotwire is very vague as to the number of beds that are provided in a hotel. The hotel can do what they want. You are caught in the middle. I'm not sure I will book a hotel through Hotwire again.	
Aug 28 2008 	Nice hotel in a great position	Our family (4) enjoyed a nice stay at the Holiday Inn Express, Fishermans Wharf. Room was a good size, the breakfast was a good start to the day. Staff were friendly and the hotel is in a great location.If you plan to go to Alcatraz then book before you get here as it is vey popular and can get booked up, we were very lucky and got on the tour the first day of our 3 day visit after that the tour was booked up for the rest of the time we were there.	
Aug 28 2008 	good location	Stayed here for 3 nights in July. Hotel is clean and welcoming and extremly well situated but I have to agree with reviewer who complained about the expensive parking charge and the fiasco over breakfast. Although as usual the breakfast is included the room rate was expensive compared to other Holiday Inn Express hotels we have stayed in. The breakfast area was packed out and often nowhere to sit. Many peopel looked around and then had to take breakfast back to their room.Staff seemed to find it difficult to keep the shelves stocked and we were left disappointed with the remaining choice. Because this is a very large, busy hotel perhaps a bit more thought needs to be given to the layout of the breakfast area- moving toastersetc..Overall I would still recommend thsi hotel as the situation was excellent and the majority of staff extremely helpful.	
Aug 24 2008	Great Place!	I really liked the holiday inn express - the staff were very accomodating - the front desk staff in particular - the location and facilities very good.Breakfast was of a good standard and plentiful.I would definately stay here again.	
Aug 23 2008 	Nice Hotel great location	Good hotel, initial room was very noisy, asked to move but were given two Queen beds rather than a King so had to ask to be moved again but a lack of rooms limited options. However, good overall stay.	
Aug 22 2008	Good what i wanted at a reasonable room rate.	This is a overdue review, since i was at the hotel back in Dec 2005.As a Priority Club member, i have stayed in several 5-stars Intercontinental, Crowne Plaza and 4-stars Holiday Inn during my business and leisure trips thoughout Asia. This hotel is the first HI-Express i am staying in (not many HI-Express franchises in Asia), but since i am on a vacation and paying my own hotel bills, i don't mind and had no expectations whatsoever. I booked on the basis of the photos posted on the hote's website.When i arrived, i was pleasantly surprised by the clean and well kept condition of the place. It looks new and very well maintained, from the lobby to the elevators and to the rooms. Requested for a Alcatraz facing room and request was met. Great !The room is fairly alright for 2 persons, and very typical of the Holiday Inns i have stayed throughout Asia. The shower/toilet was cleaned. The room provides free wired internet and Playstation console.I guess the concept of HI-Express is minimal service and facilities. So that way, they keep cost down and room rates affordable. I paid about US$90 per night and i would say its a great deal considering the clean and well maintained room, the free self serve continental breakfast and the free internet. If what u need is a good room and safe hotel to sleep in, this is it. If you like to lounge around the hotel in the day, require a swimming pool. fitness centre or a bar in the evening, try the Hyatt across the road or Sheraton around the corner. My wife and I were there for a vacation, so we returned to the room past 10pm and out the next day by 10am. So we are happy with the price and quality.Good location too. The last stop of the tram is a short walk away, and so is the pier where u can see the crab stalls. The free train ride to Union Sq is also just round the corner, and getting to ferry terminal to Alcatraz is a 8 minutes pleasant walk. Lots of food options around, from burgers to cafes.I enjoyed my 3 nights stay there. Am thinking of returning in Dec 08 for a couple of nights, whilst on the way to Orlando.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great location	We stayed at this hotel for two nights after disembarking our Panama Canal cruise. This hotel was in a perfect location for sightseeing and only a 5 minute taxi ride from the cruise pier. We enjoyed walking to sight see at Pier 39, Lombard Street and Fishermans Wharf area. We had 3 rooms as were travelling with our extended family. The lobby was very large and contains the breakfast area. Breakfast was adequate and included. Our rooms were clean and quite large. We used the valet parking and had no problems.	
Aug 18 2008 	Above Expectations	Recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf for four days with my teenage daughter. Great loacation, walking distance to most of the sites of the city. The staff was extremely accomodating and helpful....very impressed with the service. The rooms were very clean. The breakfast bar was packed each morning, but hey...it's free! I was hesitant when I booked this because it was rated 2 1/2 stars through Priceline, through which I have only booked &quot;4&quot; star hotels. Even though the hotel isn't considered &quot;full-service&quot;; no bar, pool etc., it deserves a better rating. Considering the cost of most other hotels in San Francisco, and walking by some of the other 2 star hotels, I would return here without question.Florida traveler.	
Aug 17 2008 	Good choice for Fisherman's Wharf	We stayed at the HI-FW the weekend of August 8, 2008. We found the hotel to be a good choice for our trip. We were in the Main Building (the one with the front desk) at the corner of Levenworth and Bay. This location is located right in between Ghiardelli Square and Pier 39. About a 10 minute walk to either.We stayed on the business floor since we are Priority Club members. I was able to see both Alcatraz Island and the Golden Gate Bridge from my room, so that was cool. I believe it was room 565.There is a Walgreen's drug store one block from the hotel so that made stocking up on water and forgotten items easy and affordable. We did not rent a car and took taxi's or public transportation. The taxi from the airport (SFO) was $50 including a nice tip. A taxi to union square is $10 from the hotel. About $15 to the downtown financial district.We love the garlic crab at the Crab House on pier 39. We ate there twice. We went to a Giants game at AT&amp;T Park. We shopped at Union Square and Chinatown. All were fun.The Holiday Inn has 2 buildings. The one with the Denny's is about 1 block East of the Main Building. Both are well located to all the stuff in the area. We go to SF every couple of years and the Holiday Inn was comparable to the other chain hotels in FW. Some are a little closer to Pier 39 if that matters to you (5 minute walk instead of 10.) I recommend the Holiday Inn if staying in the FW area.	
Aug 16 2008 	Dreadful experience in exhorbitantly priced budget hotel	We booked this hotel for two nights through Expedia.com at a cost of $342.00 per night for what turned out to be a budget hotel. On arrival no assistance was available to help with the luggage and we had to look for a luggage trolley to bring our luggage to our room. Rooms were clean and adequate, if somewhat drab and location was good. However, the exorbitant price we paid for the room was not reflected in any way whatsoever in the room or service. It might be reasonable value at a third of the price we paid. Free internet (2 PCs provided) was supplied but was not working on our first night. As with most San Francisco hotels, car parking is expensive and at $44.00 per night, this hotel was no exceptionBreakfast was a complete fiasco on both mornings and we cannot understand how other reviewers spoke so favourably about it. People mobbed around the self-service breakfast area and had to use cardboard trays, plastic knives and forks as well as paper cups and plates. Food variety and standards were poor with service very bad and with a large number of guests milling around, the queue for food was very slow. There was nowhere to sit to eat breakfast with all tables used up, other guests using all lounge chairs in the foyer of the hotel whilst the remainder had no choice but to carry their breakfast to their rooms. Without any doubt this was the most astonishingly dreadful breakfast experience we have had in nearly 40 years of staying in hotels around the world. Our stay at this hotel was an unbelievable experience, an absolute disgrace at any price but at $342.00 per night it was appalling.	
Aug 16 2008 	Loved this hotel!!	My husband and I stayed here during our cross-country trip (by car). The service was superb and location; the best. Literally, right around the corner from Fisherman's Wharf and the Pier. The cable car and Gharadelli Sq. are right there too. We couldn't have picked a better location. Not to mention- safe! This hotel is close to everything yet very quiet. The breakfast buffet (included in room rate) was way above average. It had everything you wanted. The room was very large (king bed) and clean. We would recommend this hotel in an instant.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great Stay	We stayed here for 2 nights in August and found it to be a great choice. The hotel was extremely clean and our room on 4th floor was very quiet. The breakfast was also very good and I was hesitant after reading some complaints about breakfast area and although we found it to be crowded , it was well stocked and a nice amenity. We had considered Comfort Inn at Van Ness and must say we definitely made the right choice. Very close to everything fun to do! Just 2 blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. I am very particular about where I stay and would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
Aug 11 2008	Better than expected	Very new &amp; clean, perfect rooms and surroundings. Within very easy walking distance (a few blocks) from Fishermans Wharf. The only problem is parking. Beware, I didn't read in reviews that their parking garage at the hotel can fill up. We had to drop off luggage then drive around the corner to Anchorage Parking Garage to store our car at $30 per night (24 hour parking, no in/out). It actually worked out fine because you'll either want to walk to Fisherman's wharf or ride a taxi to other locations, but just a warning. I was not expecting to not be able to park at the hotel. Other than that we had a great time and worth the money to stay close to where you are going to be. We took a tour and went to 50 different movie sites, it was awesome! We wished we had more time to go out to Alcatraz, if you get here and see it, you'll know why.	
Aug 10 2008 	Comfortable good location	We stayed here with our two teenage nieces and it was comfortable, reasonable and located well for tourists. Also, on-site parking was useful.	
Aug 8 2008 	Loved Holiday Inn Express Fishermans Wharf	We spent 4 nights at this hotel. It was very clean and we were provided with an excellent suite on the 4th Floor with views to Alcatraz. I do not like traffic noise and this hotel was very very quiet. Our room was all we expected. It had a coffee percolator and tea making facilities. We travelled with our 14 year old teenage son. The hotel is very close to all the attractions to Fishermans Wharf. The breakfast was adequate and we had no complaints. The buffet is not extensive, but if you are happy with cereal, yoghurt, fruit and pastries, omlettes or scrambled eggs- then you will enjoy the meal. Staff were always attentive.	
Aug 7 2008 	Better than expected!	The Holiday Inn express is a nice ,budget hotel . I stayed here for 4 nights with my family and not a problem . The staff could not have been more welcome ! Great location and just a short walk from pier 39 and stores.	
Jul 28 2008 	Nice hotel Great Location	We just spent 3 nights here and had a great experience. Two blocks from the Wharf excitement, but far enough from the noise to sleep at night. The rooms were clean, so were the hallways. Front desk staff was very helpful and we enjoyed the free breakfast in the morning. More than enough choices for parents with two teenagers. I was able to use the internet and we printed out our boarding passes for free. Valet parking is pricey, though.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great location	We recently stayed at the Express on North Point Rd and we were very happy with the Hotel.The rooms were very clean and decorated nicely. Although the rooms were on the smallish side they were more than adequate.Breakfast was included: a hot buffet eg. omlets or scrambed eggs,sausage or bacon, cereals, fruit, bagels, breads, (a couple of toasters for the bread or bagels), coffee,tea,milk,yogurt,juices(apple,cranberry,orange) and some really nice hot cinnamon buns. We are early risers and the buffet opens at 6:30 which was perfect for our needs. We did come back once around 9:30 and the breakfast dining area was mobbed. Eat breakfast early!The location of the hotel is perfect for visiting the Wharf area. It's a short walk (2 blocks) to Fisherman's Wharf. The Hyde/Beach cable car is also a short walk and is next to Ghiradelli Square so there's alot to do near the hotel. There's a nice pub across the street from the hotel (Knuckles) that is part of the Hyatt. We paid 187 a night but there may be better rates if we had more time to plan. It is located in a safe area to go for a walk at night. We went on a bus trip that returned late (9:30PM) and dropped off passengers around Union Square and the street people were out in force. I wouldn't want to chance a wrong turn in that area.	
Jul 23 2008 	Nice hotel	Stayed here as a family of four. Nice big room, good bathroom and in a great location. Breakfast was good, wasn't too busy and staff were very friendly and helpful. Good value for money. Would definately stay here again.	
Jul 17 2008 	Great for the price!	Stayed 3 nights for $89 per night, booked through Hotwire. Great rate considering normal rate was $230 from the web site. Hotel was in a great location within easy walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf. Requested a quiet room and was assigned one at the end of the hotel, facing one of the small courtyards. Breakfast was great - ample food and wide variety. Very happy with the facilities, internet (included in cost) worked fine. In summary, I'd happily recommend this hotel if you get a deal but not at the normal room rate, as you could probably get a better class of hotel in the area for same or slightly more.	
Jul 14 2008 	Did The Job !	Our first time in San Francisco, decided to stay in the Wharf area and from TA hotel reviews decided to stay at Holiday Inn Express.We stayed for 4 nights, the room was very clean and well supplied. The breakfast fare was very good and plentyful.It is well situated to use the public transport system either to the Wharf / Pier 39 / Ferry Buildings area or up to Union Square area. Did not have a car but noted valet parking @ $37 per night which appeared to be the norm for SF.The staff were very helpful.I would use this hotel again when returning to this area.	
Jul 2 2008 	Perfect hotel for the area	My husband and I just returned from a trip to SF and stayed 3 nights at the HI Express FW. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel was extremely clean, had a wonderful breakfast, the staff was nice and the location was perfect. We stayed at another hotel in SF for the first part of our week (wanted to stay in two different areas while we were in the city) and this one far exceeded the other hotel. The breakfast was especially helpful and saved us at least $20-$30/day. The staff was very friendly and helpful; even helped book our shuttle bus ride back to the airport. The location was perfect because it was one or two blocks from the main attractions; close enough to be very convenient yet not too close to all of the hustle and bustle. Overall, this was an excellent hotel and I would highly recommend it.	
Jul 2 2008	Average for the Area	It was about what you would expect for this area - overpriced, parking ripoff, noisy accomodations. I thought the room was small and the beds worn out. I did like the breakfast which is a real time &amp; money saver if you are traveling with kids. I asked a couple of questions at the front desk and found the staff apethetic at best. The Marriott across the street is nicer, and if you get the room/park combo it's about $10 less expensive per night.	
Jun 29 2008 	Excellent hotel for the money	This hotel was just great. Breakfast had lots of hot choices, staff was nice, good location and price was good for the area.	
Jun 27 2008 	Great hotel Great Value for Families	My family and I just completed a stay at this hotel and would highly recommend it for anyone looking for a good, clean hotel at a decent price. The location of this hotel was great - two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf and two blocks from the cable car line. The staff was very helpful. The iron in the room malfunctioned one morning when we were rushing to get to a tour and a security guard brought up a new iron since the housekeeping staff hadn't started yet. Also, our flight home wasn't until 12:30 a.m. and we stayed at the hotel until 9:30 p.m. and paid a day rate which was only 50% of the normal rate. This enabled us to continue to sightsee on our last day and then clean up and relax before going to the airport. The expanded continental breakfast is quick and easy and everyone was always able to find something they liked to start the day. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling with a family on vacation.	
Jun 23 2008 	Great Stay	We arrived early several hours before check-in time and were pleased that we were able to check right in. The hotel is in a very convenient location, easy walking to all the Fisherman's Wharf attractions. It's also very close to the several cable car stops and has a taxi waiting area right across the street. We had a fair sized king room on the fourth floor with a king sized bed. The room was clean and comfortable but with no view. The hectic complimentary buffet breakfasts were convenient but they were often slow replenishing items that were finished. Front desk service was friendly and helpful. Price could have been a little lower but overall a perfectly fine stay.	
Jun 20 2008 	Great location - room - service.	Stayed 3 nights (June 12-15, 2008) in a King room on the 1st floor. There was no view, just a courtyard of windows - but that didn't matter, because we were sightseeing from morning til night and I was too tired to care when we were finished. If you need a nice hotel, in a great/safe location, with a clean room &amp; free breakfast - look no further. We got a rate of $187 per night through the hotels website - and when you factor in the complimentary breakfast - that's a pretty good deal. There is plenty to eat - not just danish &amp; coffee. They had hot cinnamon rolls, cold cereal, carton milk, eggs (scrambled or omelet depending on the day), bacon or sausage (depending on the day) biscuits and gravy (daily), and then breads, english muffins and bagels. If this doesn't work for you, there is a Denny's literally right around the corner - as well as a Walgreen in case you need pop/water, medicine, sunscreen, snacks, toothpaste, film developing, socks - or anything else you forgot or think you might need. The turnaround for the Powell-Mason is only 2 blocks from the hotel. You can pay $5 per way, per person. Or buy a 3-day unlimited ride pass for $18 per person. We chose this option which gave us no excuse to explore the city more.Overall a great hotel - no complaints! The rooms were big &amp; clean. Had in-room safe, iron, ironing board, coffee, internet, movies, video games, etc. There are 2 computers for internet access just off the lobby that are available 24/7, at no cost. Great for printing boarding passes for the flight home, booking tours, researching restaurants and attractions - and checking your emails from home - as well as sending the standard &quot;wish you were here&quot; email to the folks back home.	
Jun 19 2008 	Nice Location Parking Pricey	We stayed at the HI Express for two nights and everything was fine. We had a large clean comfortable room with a king size bed and a very large bathroom on the second floor (no view). The free breakfast was a little crazy, but to be expected located in a tourist mecca.The room rate was a tad expensive, but you are paying for location, location, location. The fee to park was outrageous; $37 per night + 14% tax. Two nights of parking cost $84.00 plus valet tips each time you take the car out. This was painful.I would recommend this hotel, if you can stomach the parking fee and all the tourists.	
Jun 17 2008 	Convenient clean hotel with good service	We stayed here for 5 nights (June 10-14) in 2008. The room was ready upon arrival and was very clean. We called ahead to ask for a room along the north face of the hotel as this would give us a view out towards the bay. When we got there we were told they really didn't reserve rooms in spots just details like King bed or non-smoking. So our view was just another wall of the hotel. Other than that, the staff was extremely nice and I realize that everyone would want that view so I guess it's just the luck of the draw.  The complimentary breakfast was pretty good. They had cinnamon rolls, bananas, bagels, various cereals, bread for toast, bacon or sausage (seemed to alternate), biscuits, gravy, milk and various juices. There may have been more but we can't remember. The food was good (not great). And the crowds were generally not too bad except for Saturday morning.  The room wasn't large but it was fine for what we wanted. Just a place to relax between excursions around San Francisco. It was very clean and had a decent decor for a regular hotel. The staff was always friendly and willing to answer any questions we had.  We considered it an excellent deal for the price we got off Hotwire as the location near Fisherman's Wharf was the best feature of the hotel. A quick walk to several attractions made our sightseeing easier. We didn't rent a car because so many forms of public transportation are within a couple of blocks from the hotel. The selection of television channels were pretty sparse but we didn't spend tons of time in the room aside from showering and sleeping so that didn't bother us too much. I would suggest trying to find a deal online if you can. We saw a guy walk in off the street and they were asking $239.00 for the one room they had.	
Jun 10 2008 	Great Hotel!	Stayed at this hotel June 6-9, in King Bed standard room. Room was very clean and nicely decorated although not overly big (but who cares...your not going to SF to stay in your room!)Common areas were also very clean. Two computer stations near the front desk with printers available 24/7. Nice complimenary breakfast included (cheese omlettes or scrambled eggs, sausage or bacon, biscuits &amp; gravy, yogurts, cereals, fresh cinnamon buns, toast, coffee and juices).Location was great. Close but not too close to Fisherman's Wharf. Two blocks from Powell &amp; Hyde Cable Car stop (can buy 1, 3 and 7-day MUNI passes at booth at this location). Two blocks from F Line stop. Walgreens and Safeway also a few blocks - good for snacks, drinks, etc. for your room.Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful.I converted my Air Miles into Priority Points for three nights free - nice!.	
Jun 9 2008 	Nice Hotel - Great Location	Used my Priority Points for a two night stay. This is a nice Holiday Inn Express with a wonderful location. The first room we were given was on the 4th floor and was tiny, with no view. Called the front desk and asked for a room with some sort of view. The only available room with an outside view was on the smoking floor, but we decided to try it out. There was no &quot;smoking&quot; smell in the hallways and the room we chose had no smell of smoking at all. (Room 370). Very nice room with good views and the windows did open so we could get some fresh air! Yes, it was loud with the windows open, but with them closed, it was quiet. The beds were very comfortable, staff was friendly and accomodating and a great location! Breakfast was nice with both hot and cold items. Sure saves a lot of money! We did the Super Sightseeing Tours which is next door to the hotel. We did two tours (Muir Woods and City) as we only had one day to really get out and see the city. I am glad we did! Safe location - Cost Plus World Market right down the street, so we bought our wine and snacks there and enjoyed it in the room! I would definitelly recommend this hotel for a trip to San Francisco. Wish we would have had more time in the beautiful city.	
Jun 8 2008 	Perfect location	Great location, 5 mins from harbour and 10 mins from Pier 39. Room was in Holiday Express building 2nd floor overlooking main road and trams. Didnt find it noisy at all. Room was clean, comfy, staff pleasant, breakfast fine, although the 1 evening meal there was disappointing. There is a large late night Walgreen supermarket across the street which had food, toiletries, drinks etc etc, plenty of eating places around. Highly recommend Boudins on the Wharf for breakfast, sourdough soup and ambience. Really recommend taking yr own hairdryer to Holiday Inns in the US, the ones supplied are weak and lethal!	
Jun 8 2008 	Good hotel - would stay again	Stayed here for 3 nights in May. Very happy with the hotel which is in a great location. The room was pretty standard but it was spotlessly clean, the furnishings were good, it was nice and quiet and overall very comfortable.The continental breakfast was tasty and there was a pretty good choice.What more could you want ! I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 5 2008 	Does the job with great service	When I booked this hotel, one of the main considerations was proximity to Pier 35 as we were taking a cruise to Alaska. We settled on the Holiday Inn Express after trolling through the many reviews on the different hotels in the Fisherman's Wharf area, and I'm happy to say it fit the bill exactly. If you're looking for a hotel with lots of history and character, don't come here. However, if all you need is a comfortable bed, a quiet room, a safe location and friendly service it's perfect. Previous reviews had also mentioned asking for a room facing the courtyard to minimise noise - I included this when making my internet booking, and our wish was granted, with our room also being on the top floor. Our flight from Australia was scheduled to arrive around 10.30am, but a quick call to the hotel a couple of days before confirmed they had a luggage room if we needed to kill a couple of hours before check-in. Imagine our surprise and pleasure when, on arriving at the hotel around midday, we were given our room straight away. The hotel has a free business centre near reception, with two PCs with internet access, plus a printer. There's also a breakfast area on the ground floor, with a free continental breakfast included in the price. It's not exactly gourmet, and our first experience there was a little overwhelming as a large school group were staying - enough said! However, the Hollywood Cafe a couple of doors down did a great lunchtime BLT, so I'd imagine their breakfast was pretty good too. There's a pretty good sports bar/restaurant right across the street, plus there's also a Safeway and a Walgreens a block or so east on North Point. We found the staff unfailingly helpful and friendly, the bed was very comfortable, and the room EXTREMELY quiet. The hotel's just far enough away from the main action at Fisherman's Wharf to be quiet, but is just a five minute walk away.Once we checked out, Pier 35 was an easy walk of 5 blocks, towing our bags along. While this style of hotel may not be to everyone's taste, it does the job well.	
Jun 3 2008 	Great place to stay in San Fran	We are members of Priority Club so we booked a reward night for one night. This hotel is modern &amp; clean, and the staff was very friendly. Valet parking is $37 per night which is average for the area. The hotel is in a great location with walking distance to all major attractions. The complimentary breakfast was good too. We will stay here again for sure, its a great hotel.	
Jun 3 2008 	well impressed	Me and my fiance stayed here in may 08 for four nights. I had read some reviews prior to our stay and I did have my doubts but we were very pleasantly surprised when we arrived. Of course bearing in mind this is only a 3 star hotel and you would not expect the ritz I can honestly say the staff could not have been nicer, they were very friendly and efficient, from the check in to the cleaning staff. The room was very clean and spacious, the breakfast was very nice too. we did&quot;nt book this hotel the travel agency did that for us, but if and when we go back to San Francisco I will definately stay here again. Thanks to all at the Holiday Inn Express. Oh and its very well located too .	
Jun 1 2008 	excellent choice	Stayed here for 3 nights, first impressions were of modern, clean hotel. Rooms were of good size, we asked for top floor room which had a bit of a view over the harbour and also turned out to be quiet as well. Comfortable beds, soft and firm pillows allowed good nights sleep, coffee maker, clean bathroom with all the necessary bits and pieces included. Cool bucket supplied and with ice maker and vending machine down the corridor, (mini fridge would be better suited.) Internet access downstairs with 2 computers to allow one to check e mail etc.( free service in the room.) Breakfast was choice of cereals, yoghurts, toast, pastry and choice of 3 hot plates, never any rush and plenty of food. Yes would be nice to have a bar or restaraunt in the hotel but really it is location here that is important, this hotel is minutes away from all the touristy areas with all sorts of eating establishments and with easy acces to public transport. We had a hire car which the valet allowed us to leave at the front door free of charge while we unloaded our cases and checked into the room , then we returned our car to local depot. No need for a hire car in SF, public transport is fun, easy and cheap while public parking is expensive. Shuttle bus to the door should take 30-40 mins and $12-15. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 25 2008 	OK stay - could have been better	My wife and I stayed at the HI Express for one night as part of our one week stay in SF and the surrounding areas. We had stayed off Market Street earlier in our trip, and wanted to stay in Fisherman's Wharf to visit Alcatraz and the Golden Gate bridge..The hotel's common areas are stylish - and give an Art Deco look. Definitely gave the hotel a &quot;new&quot; look.Staff were all very friendly giving directions and information re: the surrounding areas.Was a little disappointed in the hotel room - small, especially for a Holiday Inn Express. Lacked certain amenities such as two soap bars (one for the sink and another for the bathtub), a small selection of TV channels.AC was very loud as the unit was right next to the bedView was awful through the one set of windows in the room - it was of the rest of the hotel.Free internet service included, along with breakfast til 9:30Valet parking: $37! ouch, but common for the area.I've stayed at the Hyatt across the street in the past, and this time was just maybe $10-20 more, but probably worth it.	
May 23 2008 	Holiday inn Sanfrancisco	We stayed for 3 nights on the May long weekendthey did give us the wrong room 1 bed instead of 2but they did sort it out, rooms , and bathrooms were very cleanA 2 block walk to the tram and the warf. No pool but the holiday innn Next door does have one you can use. There contental breakfast now has eggs and either a sausge round or bacon.I would defenetly go back. Staff were very helpful.	
May 20 2008 	Great location and MORE!	This is a gem in the City by the Bay!!!Only a block from all the fun and excitement in San Francisco, 1.5 blocks from Fishermans wharf, and 1 block from the F trolley line.Even close to it all, you hear almost nothing, as the rooms are well insulated.We chose the mini suite, which had the kitchenette, and sofa extra, and had a large bathroom and entry way! Lots of closet space, and very comfortable beds!The breakfast was just amazing as other posters had indicated!It was changed daily with full hot options, cereals, beverages, and pastries. Excellent layout so you were not tripping over fellow guests, and a large area to enjoy your meal and plan your day!HIGHLY recommended !! Well done Holiday Inn Express!!!	
May 19 2008 	Great location! Quite pricey though.	My mother and I stayed here from May 3rd through May 6th. We had never been to San Francisco and wanted to be in the middle of Fisherman's Wharf, which it was. It was an easy walk there and was within easy walking distance of most of the public transporation options.We had a room on the third floor that overlooked the sports bar across the street. The room was clean and the bathroom quite large. When we first entered the room, we thought the windows were open judging by the noise level. Upon inspection, they were actually closed! Thankfully after it got dark, it seemed to get much quieter outside. I did not have any trouble sleeping.The room includes a breakfast, which was quite good. They had eggs (with or without cheese), bacon, biscuits, sausage gravy, toast, bagels and these wonderful cinnamon rolls. We were impressed by how much variety there was for a free breakfast.The room was very nice, the breakfast good, but we were not impressed with the price of $270 a night we paid. I would probably stay here again, if we could get a great rate.	
May 18 2008 	great hotelgreat location	we have recently stayed for a week at the holiday inn express sanfrancisco,and we really enjoyed our stay there.the rooms are very nice and we were lucky enough to have a view of alcatraz.we found that all of the staff were very friendly and helpful.the hotel is in a great location for pier 39 and other attractions,the cable car turn around is just a couple of blocks away.	
May 4 2008 	Smoke Smell	Booked the hotel through Virgin as it was one of their top hotels. Wasn't too impressed, asked for a non smoking room, when we arrived all that was available was smoking. the room stank of smoke, even the wallpaper smelt, had to really complain to get a non smoking on the next day. wasn't overly impressed by the hotel, styed in better Holiday Inns in other countries.	
Apr 27 2008 	Good Stay at Holiday Inn Express	Stayed 3 nights at this hotel and had an enjoyable stay. Our room was on the 4th floor and just looked out onto a void courtyard but this meant that it was very quiet. The beds were very comfortable and had a choice of soft or hard pillows. The bathroom was a bit on the small side. The hotel is in a good position for Pier 39 at Fishermans Wharf and easy walking to lots of other attractions. The breakfasts were ok, but not a huge choice, we did have a problem one morning finding a free table to sit at. We arranged a taxi through the hotel back to the airport, the taxi arrived promptly and for 4 people cost just under $40.	
Apr 27 2008 	great family hotel	Our Family of 5, stayed at the H.I.E. and was extremely pleased.As noted it is well located, has a great free breakfast, internet, and pleasant staff.The rooms are large and well kept.We ordered through hotwire for a 79$ rate- where its identified as &quot;customer favorite&quot;.The place gets our families top recomendation.	
Apr 22 2008 	This was THE PERFECT HOTEL!!!!!!	We absolutely loved this hotel! Stayed for four nights in room 483 and 485 (the fourth floor is the top floor so this is not a huge place). There was no view as you are sandwiched in between hotels and other buildings but we didn't come to sit in the room. We paid $62/night through hotwire.com on a rather last-minute trip and this was an extraordinary value for this normally $200+ night hotel. The hotel looks like it is brand new!! It is probably the cleanest, best maintained hotel we've stayed in and we've stayed in a lot, including upscale five star establishments! The furniture, furnishings, linens, beds ... everything ... top notch and in perfect working and very comfortable condition. The staff, including the maids, are all very friendly and helpful. The new hot breakfast is very good and saves a ton of $ on breakfast every morning. The only complaint - well, a couple complaints, is it isn't very hot. The hot items are lukewarm at best and the variety is the same every day. Some pancakes or waffles would be a nice touch as not everyone enjoys biscuits and gravy (a daily offering). The other complaint that really doesn't have as much to do with the hotel is the other guests - every morning we had pushy, rude people crowding in trying to cut in line, like a bunch of pigs waiting for food at the trough. The thing the hotel could do to mitigate this is re-think the way the breakfast is set up. Logistically it could be set up in a better way to avoid people crowding in. It is fantastic that they provide a hot breakfast, it is good and the gentlemen manning the breakfast ensure there is never anything empty, they do a very nice job. A nice touch are the two free computers they provide in the lobby for internet use. They are even hooked up to printers which was great to be able to print out city maps etc. They do get busy though and the waiting line can be long. The hotel location is perfect and so close to everything you'd want to do. We didn't have a car to worry about the exorbanant parking charges; we took the 'Go Lorries' airport shuttle both to/from the airport which worked out wonderfully. We walked everywhere or used the 3-day MUNI passes we purchased for $18 to ride the cable cars, streetcars and bus system all over SF. The passes were well worth the money. We would stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat and we were sorry to leave!	
Apr 21 2008 	beware of expensive valet parking	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights as part of our Virgin Golden Triangle tour and it was by far the nicest hotel.Rooms very comfortable and modern,good beds, towels and bedding changed daily if you wished. Good central location but we found Fishermans Wharf dirty, full of tramps and over-rated! Free breakfast is great. The only downside of this hotel is the VERY EXPENSIVE parking fee of $42 a night. We have never had to pay to park our car in a hotel we are guests in and found it a totally unreasonable charge. After our first night we found that we could park on the road on a meter from 7pm to 7am for free outside the front of the hotel and then moved the car into a $10 car park for the day. We later found that further along North Point there is free road parking day and night in some parts so its worth looking for, but be carefull to check the road signs each time you park as the roads are cleaned between 2am and 6am on alternate days of the week. We visited the Golden Gate Bridge\park, the Presidio, Muir Woods and Sausalito and they were all great, if you have a car drive up and down all the steep roads, great fun! Go up to Twin Peaks for views to die for of the whole of San Francisco.	
Apr 18 2008 	Good for the price	The good: - great location - clean, newer feeling hotel - decent breakfast - good servicethe bad: - very noisy, especially noise coming from hallway - small roomsBreakfast was much better than a continental breakfast, but maybe not quite as good as a Dennys or something. Each day had some type of egg, sausage or bacon, and a variety of breads, muffins, rolls, yogurt, juices, milk, coffee, etc. No pancakes, waffles, or anything like that.Rooms are pretty noisy. First night someone adjacent to us had a cough, so we got to hear that most of the night. Also, anytime someone shut a door or talked in the hallway it sounded almost like they were in your room.Location was great. You can walk to all the areas in Fisherman's wharf, to the Alcatraz Pier 33 (15 mins) parts of Golden Gate National Rec Area, Ghiradelli, Cannery, Powell/Hyde cable car turnaround, etc.	
Apr 15 2008 	Great Stay!	We booked through hotwire and got a great deal at $69/night + tax. Great location right near all the action of Fisherman's Wharf and public transit. Rooms and hotel new and modern. Great extended breakfast. I would highly recommend if you are going to stay in the area!	
Apr 14 2008 	Good choice near the Wharf	This H I Express is the nicest we've stayed in by far. We were pleased with the solid construction - never heard neighbor noise or traffic noise (we had courtyard rooms.) The breakfast bar was fully stocked for a large crowd and they kept it full for the entire morning. The room was updated and stocked with all the right things, the beds were comfortable and the fiber-filled pillow selection was great.We only had 2 complaints:1) no wireless in the rooms. They do have connections in the rooms, but it doesn't work easily for Mac users. The staff was very attentive in trying to help us make it work, but in the end, we just used 1 of the 2 computers near the lobby that they keep open for guest use, which is very helpful.2) despite a reservation for 2 adjacent rooms made 6 months ago, the only thing they had available were two 1st floor streetside rooms (they admitted the rooms were noisy.). But they accommodated by putting us on the quieter 3rd floor. Though the rooms were far apart, they didn't question us when we had our teens stay alone in the 2nd room. (Many hotels have a problem with that.)The hotel is near some great restaurants (Joe's Crab Shack - great family friendly menu and view over fun goings on in the wharfside street) and Boudin (very good chowder - recommend the outdoor eatery - less hectic.) It's an easy walk to Ghiradelli &amp; Cannery Row and a pleasant, do-able walk to Pier 39.Transportation advice: The hotel is near the 2 starting point terminals for cable cars, but if you go after 10 am, you're looking at a half hour wait (an hour on weekends.) However the historic street car (the F line) that travels down Embacadero isn't too crowded except during the 4:30 - 6pm rush hour. And that's only $1.50 per trip. That line can take you to the Ferry Building area, or to Union Square. From there you could walk up to ChinaTown. We wasted our money on the 3 day $18 municipal pass. The cable cars were too crowded to make use of, so we used the buses or the streetcars, which are significantly cheaper.Our family's favorite things - Alacatraz (get tix a day in advance or order from alcatrazcruises.com online), a Giants game and Pier 39 (sea lions, shops and Hard Rock Cafe). Due to the cold weather, we didn't rent bikes and ride through G G park or across the bridge. Next time . . .	
Apr 14 2008	Great stay at Holiday Inn Express - beat all expectations	We are a family of 2 adults and 2 teenage childrenWe had been traveloling the US for 3 weeks until we hit San franI booked this hotel direct with hotel, based on reviews on this siteI was not disapointed in any way and more than pleasantly surprisedThe hotel is only 5 years old, very modern with all new amenitiesFree cooked breakfastfree internet in room (if you have laptop) or pc's in lobby free tooBest of all....LOCATION LOCATION LOCATIONThe locations was superb, right on Fishermans Wharf, next block to cable cars and all the restuarants.You just cant beat this place, specially for the $$$$$ paidI would definatly return hear, and think this hotel is in a much better location than some of the more upmarket and expensive ones	
Apr 3 2008 	Nice Stay but Watch the Parking Charge	Nice stay. The room was plenty large for the 4 of us. Breakfast was really good. However, they don't have wireless connections in the room, so I had to go down to the Lobby. Then, I never could connect to their system and ended up connecting to the Hyatt's. Weird.Also, watch out for the parking charge. It is a big $37 bucks. Looking around, the Marriott parking charge was $22 bucks.	
Apr 1 2008 	lovely place to stay	stayed for 4 nights 19th to 23 rd march, lovely room, great bed ,no complaints at all, free breakfast was more like a buffet and eat all you want very good value all round, great location for the wharf and most other things you will want to do and see, plus a bar right across the road doing food and cheap beers, would go back here any day loved it all , many thanks to the staff ,	
Mar 28 2008 	GREAT PLACE!!! - Modern clean large size rooms Free Full Breakfast +Internet	Holiday Inn Express - Fishermans Wharf was a great value. I would highly recommend it. I stayed 2 nights at this hotel March 7 - 9th 2008 and the staff were very friendly, the FREE breakfast was more than I expected (biscuits+gravy, eggs, bacon, sausage, juice, bagels, cereal, pancakes), and the rooms were clean with granite countertops and a wet bar, mini fridge, and comfy beds. The last night of my stay in San Francisco I stayed in the Sheraton Fishermans Wharf which was a nice hotel but I would much rather stay at the Holiday Inn Express next visit as its breakfast are FREE and the internet was FREE plus there was a big difference in price...I saved lots of money at the Holiday Inn Express. The hotel is new and very modern, perfect for families, couples, or even the business traveler. The location is perfect as you can easily walk to everything..the cable cars, buses, and all the attractions. My suggestion is to purchase a &quot;Go San Francisco Card&quot; you pay one price about $75.00 for 3 days and it includes all the tourist attractions you can visit...museums, Palace of Fine Arts, Exploritorium, Aquarium, Wine Tours, Alcatraz, Boat Cruises, Cable Car Rides, bike rentals..and much more. Great upbeat attitude when I called the front desk and a pleasant experience checking out. I travel 3 weeks out of a month for Business and It was a home away from home.	
Mar 28 2008 	Good choice	I chose the Holiday Inn Express Fisherman's Wharf primarily for location and because I was using Priority Club Points. I was not really expecting much. But I was so pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The location is indeed great. It is (obviously) near Fisherman's Wharf, but it is also near both Cable Car lines and Ghiardelli Square. It is near Golden Gate Park and plenty of shopping and restaurants. Check-in was pleasant and easy. However, they only offer valet parking, which is vey, VERY expensive. But San Francisco is an expensive city. There are probably cheaper options nearby. The hotel is very well maintained and the art deco, cruise ship theme works well. Our room was fine. Spacious enough and clean. We were in a corner room, with a bay window which actually looked out at The Bay. There was only an ON/OFF switch for the air-conditioning/heat. No other controls. And we had to search for that, as it was hidden in the closet. Very odd. The weather was cool, so we kept our windows open at night.There is a free breakfast buffet every morning, with plenty to offer and lots of space to sit. This is a well run, nice, clean friendly place to stay. Go for it.	
Mar 26 2008 	Great!!	This hotel was very clean, centrally located, staff was friendly and helpful and the room/bed was comfortable. We were not disturbed by noise at night, the breakfast was diverse and plentiful, everything was great. The location is unbeatable - you can easily walk to the Fisherman's Wharf area (Pier 39) or if you decide to see a more cultural/non-touristy side of San Fran, you can simply walk inland instead. I recommend renting a Go Car on Hyde - that is a blast. It was sort-of cold when we were there, but it was still a great trip. Holiday Inn Express was perfect as usual.	
Mar 26 2008 	Hotwire Customer Favorite	If you are looking for a great value hotel near fisherman's wharf - look no further. beds are comfy. breakfast is incredible. only down side is parking - its $37 for the hotel parking.there is street parking which is free from 7-7 = after that its 3.00$ an hour 25 cents every 6 minutes! which would be a pain if you had to sleep in.would stay there again.i booked thru hotwire - it is listed as a 2 1/2 star hotel with the thumbs up for customer favorite -	
Mar 20 2008 	Spring Break Stay at Holiday Inn Express	We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Holiday Inn Express for Spring Break. It was very comfortable and convenient. Food and shopping was within easy walking distance from the hotel. Breakfast and high speed internet was included so that was an added bonus. I would definitely recommend this to other families and I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 18 2008 	An absolute gem	The first thing i have to say is that this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed at - for many reasons. First the location is fabulous, you are a very short walk from Fishermans Wharf and Pier 39. You are also close to the cable car stop. There are several great restuarants in the area, our favourites being Bubba Gumps and The Rainforest Cafe - both fun places, with good food and service. Our room was a good size, well equipped, comfortable and quiet. We had no view at all, we over looked other rooms, but who goes to San Francisco to stay in their room. The bed was amazingly comfortable - if only we could have sneaked it home in our cases.the free breakfast was wonderful. especially considering it was free. There was plenty of room to sit, plenty of food, and it was replenished through the morning (during the set hours) There were plenty of healthy options available too. It certainly set us up for the day, and nobody seemed to mind us taking fruit with us (for a mid-morning power snack!) .The staff were polite, helpful and willing to help when we needed assistance.Having free internet access in the lobby was great, there are two computers and at times we had to wait to use them , but if we popped back to the hotel mid-afternoon (to drop off shopping!) they were usually available.The hotel is clean, and nicely decorated and has a welcoming feel to it. Like other people who wrote reviews, we were on the first floor and had to use the lift as the stairs were all marked as fire exits. But this is such a small thing to mention, and lets face it you're going to get plenty of exercise walking up and down those hills - you'll probably be glad of the lifts. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. We plan to return to San Francisco in a couple of years, and will certainly be stopping here again.	
Mar 17 2008 	A pleasant surprise! Better than expected! But beware the grouchy valet	We arrived at the hotel rather late on Saturday night (830pm). We pulled up into the driveway where the parking valet is stationed. My husband got out of the car and asked him if they had a self-parking garage. The valet had an attitude. He said, &quot;No, valet only. Is that something you want?&quot; I wanted to say, actually, from you, no...but what other choices do we have in Fishermans Wharf ?? The valet stood by and watched us as we unloaded the luggage. He didn't even offer to help...not that we expected him to. As he wrote up the valet claim ticket, he said, &quot;You're checking into the Holiday Inn Express, right? Not the Holiday Inn? Because that's next door...&quot; Frankly, he acted bored, like he wanted to be somewhere else. Too bad he's the 1st person the hotel guests meet.Thankfully, checking in changed our 1st impression! Our reservation was for a 2-Queen beds, non-smoking room. The very nice, courteous, front desk clerk upgraded us to their version of a &quot;suite&quot; (wet bar sink, microwave, small fridge, sofa) at no extra charge! I don't know if it was because we arrived so late, but what a pleasant surprise! (A regular 2-queen bed room at the Hyatt is about $35 more)The hotel decor is Art Deco. The room was very clean, very comfortable. We had one of the suites facing Northpoint St, across from the Hyatt. Surprisingly, it wasn't as noisy as we anticipated because there was very little traffic in the area. The breakfast buffet is included. Not bad (meaning, we've had worse). There were cinnamon rolls, scrambled eggs (looked like Egg Beaters), sausages, biscuits and gravy. There was a good assortment of cereals, bread (toaster!) and muffins. There were all kinds of beverages (low &amp; fat-free milk, juices, coffee, tea) but strangely, no ice. We ate at the height of the breakfast hour (8am), so finding a table was a challenge.Overall, I'd say we would stay at the Holiday Inn Express- Fishermans Wharf again. The location is great!	
Mar 10 2008 	Great Location	This hotel is, as its name suggests, ideally located for Fishermans Wharf, being just a couple of blocks away. Also well within walking distance are the shops and restaurants of Pier 39, the Alcatraz tours departing from Pier 31 and the cablecar turnaround at Hyde.Around the corner there are many tourist shops selling everything a tourist could hope to buy. We also rented bikes for a day from a store here.The hotel is a fairly modern block, although the outside looks very Art Deco, and the room we had was reasonably spacious, clean and well decorated. A king size bed, TV, table and chair are in the main area. The bathroom has a bath, with shower, toilet, sink and hairdryer. A coffee pot is also provided. If its important to you, make sure you request a room with an outside view as our room looked out onto an internal blank space although we had a view of the sky to see the weather (rooms with an outside view wont have much of a view anyway just onto the road).Our room was located on the 1st floor (2nd to North American readers) and, annoyingly, the only stairways we could find were all marked as being emergency exits only. Accordingly we had to use the rather slow lifts to travel up and down one floor!A continental breakfast was included in our booking - cereal, toast, coffee, juice, fruit and pastries were all available. If you prefer something cooked, we understand you can obtain a voucher at reception, which can be put towards the cost of breakfast in the Dennys attached to the Holiday Inn next door.Theres no bar in the hotel (that we could find) if you fancy a night cap but there is a sports bar directly across the street. There is a small gym and free internet access on the ground floor.Although we didnt require it, parking is available at the hotel but wed recommend checking the cost first as it struck us as being ludicrously expensive (although perhaps not for San Francisco - we dont know).Check-in and check-out where quick and efficient and the airport shuttle organised for us by reception turned up on time to take us back to SFO. ($14 each one way)Although the surrounding streets have many hotel options in competition, the HI Express was quite busy which probably says a lot for its great value and location. We certainly would have no hesitation in returning here and indeed, plan to do so later in the year. An excellent choice.	
Mar 10 2008 	Comfortable clean and good value	Stayed in a large room with 2 queen beds and kitchenette. Very comfortable beds and room was spotlessly clean and nicely decorated. Location was great for using public transport and had shops and fast food/family type eateries nearby. Breakfast was complimentary and had a good selection of items available. 2 computers available for guests in small area off the reception and free wireless internet in rooms.	
Mar 7 2008 	Good Hotel	A very nice Hotel, within walking distance of the wharf and Pier 39. The room was very clean and spacious, with a very Comfortable bed. No problems at all. Would stay here again.	
Mar 4 2008 	Greatly Exceeded Expectations	I really didn't have high expectations at all of staying at a Holiday Inn, but I was pleasantly surprised. This hotel is really nice. It's clean, has new decorations, a nice little gym, lovely smelling toiletries, really friendly staff, and a good breakfast (that's included in the price). One really cannot ask for more. It's also in a fantastic location, near the seafront, which beats Union Square any day, as there are few bums loitering, unlike around all the Union Square hotels. There is no room service, but I think internet connection is free. The parking, as pretty much everywhere else in SF, is rather expensive. It's a relaxed hotel, and I felt far more comfortable staying at the Holiday Inn Express than I did at the Fairmont to be honest, and it's cleaner than the Fairmont too. It's by no means a luxury hotel, but it's definitely above average, and I would very happily go back there to stay again.	
Mar 4 2008 	I would stay here again!	The staff was very friendly, the beds were extremely comfortable and the location is outstanding. Everything seemed very clean. Two thumbs up from me!	
Feb 29 2008 	Holiday Inn Express is a great deal	My family of 4 just spent a night at the Holiday Inn Express, and were pleasantly surprised with the great location and comfort of the room. We had a family suite on the second floor. It was VERY large, with a living room, small kitchenette and a huge bathroom. It was nicely decorated, with a marble sink, and nice furniture. It was everything we needed to hang out after a long day of traipsing around the city. My husband &amp; I could read in the living room while the kids watched TV on the beds. The free continental breakfast was perfectly adequate, with a variety of pastries, cereal &amp; fruit. And the location is great - just a few blocks from Fisherman's Wharf, Ghirardelli Square &amp; the cable cars. We had to book at the last minute, without shopping around much, but we thought it was a bargain for $225, and I'm sure with some shopping around, you could get a better price on Expedia or Priceline. If we were to come back to SF and had a week, this is definitely where we would stay - it has everything.	
Jan 26 2008 	Better than expected	I'm just wrapping up a stay in San Fran's Holiday Inn Express in Fisherman's Wharf. Overall I would rate this experience as above average. The entire 4 days we were in the city it rained/downpoured, but we were entertained none the less. The hotel was nice and clean with the staff always around. Our room was on the second floor, but we hardly ever heard the road and we're pretty light sleepers. They serve a continental breakfast in the morning which is nothing extravagant but a nice little meal before you start your day. The have internet in the rooms and two computers for community use down in the lobby. The computers are pretty old though and there is always people waiting so I'd bring your own if you are going to email often.Parking is pricy, but seeing as how we were on business work paid...$37 a night.Try &quot;Mood- Thai foor and Sushi&quot; on Beach St. one block away. Yellow curry and pineapple fried rice were oh so good and pretty inexpensive.If weather permits I reccomend a hike in Muir Woods, over Golden Gate to Pirates Cove... Eat at Dipseas for lunch.Overall you can't beat this hotel's location. It's right on fisherman's wharf and is a bargain price.	
Jan 22 2008 	Great Location	Location, location, location. This hotel is perfectly located. Fisherman's Wharf area is 2.5 blocks to the north and the cable car turnaround to Union Square is 1.5 blocks to the south. Pier 33 for the Alcatraz tour is a 15 minute (8 blocks) walk.If you drive to SF just leave your car parked at the hotel and walk or take public transportation everywhere. Hotel is valet parking only at $37 per 24 hour period. Staying at the Holiday Inn Express gives you priviledges to amenities (such as the swimming pool) at the Holiday Inn which is located next door and the next block down. The front desk staff very friendly and helpful. The room was extremely clean. In-room safe included. The beds could use new mattresses. Ours were &quot;dead&quot;, no spring or bounce to them. I would stay here again the next time I visit the Fisherman Wharf area.	
Jan 20 2008 	Great Location	Stopped here over New Years and did some sight seeing. The location of this hotel is amazing and all the other major brand hotels are clustered around. Right next to streetcars, cable car and the wharves. Walking distance to bars and restaurants. The hotel is in the same building as the Holiday Inn.The room we had was small compared to others in the hotel but clean and well maintained. The front desk were helpful although it was always busy and we often had to stand in line before we could speak to somebody. Great free breakfast, but that is the only food or beverage service available inside the hotel. Valet parking at $35 per day with unlimited access and ability to enter or leave the park. A great place to stay and cheaper than the surrounding hotels.	
Jan 1 2008 	Very nice hotel	My family and I booked this hotel for the last day of our vacation before we returned to Vancouver. I saw the reviews online but I did not expect the hotel to be this nice. We paid ~210 for 1king and sofa bed for a stay on New Years Day Dec31 07. We were going to stay at Best Western near SFO but ended up here because of its great location near the Wharf. It's only a ~5minute walk there! The staff were all courteous and polite. The rooms look pretty new and everything seems to be in shape, no leaky faucets, squeeky bath tubs, busted light bulbs..etc. My only complaint in the pricey $39 parking, which isnt even valet. But I guess thats the market price around this area of the city anyway. The security in this hotel seems to be pretty good. There were people watching over the parkade and room keys are needed to access the hotel guest rooms. I will definately stay here again in the future if we come back to San Francisco.	
Dec 17 2007 	Location Location Location	My wife loves SF, so when her 50th birthday rolled around, that's where she wanted to go. I got a very good deal on Hotwire for two nights. The rooms are standard fare, very clean, large bathroom, firm, queen beds. A closet safe, TV, table and chairs, coffee maker, thick towels, internet access, hair dryer and all the stuff that we have come to expect in most of the better hotels enhances our stay.We're off and running. Two easy blocks, slightly downhill to the Fisherman's Wharf. Strolling, observing, stopping for snacks. I even got pulled into a street performance. They needed a slightly overweight, big guy, to pick up the girl and stand on the performers chest as he laid in broken glass. My daughter was slightly embarrassed by the whole thing but my wife was cracking up. We ate well, spent a little more than normal in the tourist trap, but for the most part it was very good... My wife is partial to fish and crab.. and the wharf is a good place to find itThe next day, after the continental breakfast, (which we all loved and felt was quite complete and generous) we decided to take the bus to the Union Square for shopping. $1.50 a head, with free transfer. We rode thru the Chinese area on the way. Many older ladies got on with their shopping bags and gossiped at breakneck speed. As we passed, I noticed the stores selling food were jammed. I felt transported to a crowded Asia. I quietly commented to my Asian wife that she will look right at home on this bus in a few years chatting with all the old ladies.. That comment was overheard by the lady sitting across from us who laughed out loud upon hearing it. We chatted with her and had some laughs. We had fun shopping in the stores. Macy's has 7 floors on each side of the street, 7 for men, 7 for women. That was pretty cool.. I bought my wife a nice gift.A reasonable $10 fare to take us taxi back to the hotel.. We rested, then strolled some more, all jacketed and ready for the cold San Francisco nights. We slept well that night and came home safely.The hotel served it's purpose more than adequately. The location, the full continental breakfast, and the cleanliness of the room stand out in my mind. The beds were sturdy and comfortable.. The staff was friendly and helpful. The only negative is those damn parking fees in SF, $35 a night plus tax. We could have saved about 7-10 dollars a night by parking off site and walking but it wasn't really worth it to me. But the Hotwire mostly deal offset it..I know now that Holiday Inn Express can deliver comfort and convenience to the traveler and tourist. Without equivocation, I can tell you it's as good or better than the 4 star hotels we've visited.	
Dec 17 2007 	Stay Away!!!	I have no idea why there are so many good reviews for this hotel. Quite possibly one of the ugliest hotels in San Francisco, inside and out. The beds in our room were the worst I have slept on in years. We woke up with sore backs. The rooms were outdated. The floor was wet in one corner of our room. The heating/AC was very very loud. Other guests were very loud and staff did not quiet them. When we asked to switch rooms, our request was denied.We found used tissues on the floor of our room upon check-in. When we asked the front desk about a good place to eat in San Francisco, the mecca of good restaurants, we were told to go to the hotel's on-site DENNY'S.This hotel was very disappointing. There is no way it deserves a 4. The service was poor. The housekeeping was poor. The look and smell of the hotel was poor. The location was decent, but who cares about that when you are walking around with a sore back all day from the hard beds where I could outline all of the individual springs. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 16 2007 	Exceeded expectations	Stayed here as last resort using points and I was impressed. Like others mention, it is in a good location. We walked to fisherman's wharf for dinner at Alioto's (highly recommend). The room was clean, nicely furnished, and the concierge was helpful when helping to find a restaurant for dinner. The breakfast brunch was good, although a little pricey, The overall service was good. I have tried to avoid Holiday Inns until staying at this property...it definitely exceeded my expectations.	
Nov 30 2007 	Great Location nice hotel	We stayed in this hotel as the last leg of our golden triangle trip, it was very clean and bright, much newer than the other two hotels we had stayed in, although it seemed very business like.The room was large, with 2 double beds, a nice bathroom and cleaned daily, although if you wish to stay in your room later than 8am I would hang the privacy tag on the door as the maid knocks early and loudly!!!!The breakfast is basic, but free, so very convenient. The location of the hotel is great, I much preferred being by the wharf as opposed to staying near Union Square in down town.....The one thing I will complain about is the valet parking, this may be more of a complaint to take up with my travel company as we were not fore-warned that we had to pay $35 per day valet parking, with no other options open to us.The transportation was fantastic, and cable cars are great fun!!! Would definately recommend San Francisco!!!!	
Nov 19 2007 	Not worth the price paid	After reading other reviews of this hotel I thought that it would be the best bet for our family-weekend in San Francisco. Seemed to have a good location, competitive price, and is fairly new. I found the best deal by pre-paying directly on the hotel website and even chose a mini-suite as it would be myself, my wife, and my two young boys so I wanted a little extra room.So, check-in went fine and the valet parking was great. $35 + tax per day with in/out priviliges. The hotel is decorated well and is very clean. The hallways are very wide and, overall, the 'feel' is very appealing. Once we found our room (4th floor overlooking the wharf) I was a bit disappointed. The mini-suite means that there is a fold-out couch sitting in the window area and an area is setup with sink, mini-fridge, microwave. I do admit that the kitchenette area was good to have, but the room itself was not much larger than a normal room. I was expecting a bit more I guess - oh well.Once we unpacked I noticed that the walls were VERY thin. I could hear the TV from the room next to us, water running from what seemed to be every bathroom, and the noise from people in the hall was overwhelming. This was a huge turn-off for us. I realize that you get noise when you are in a hotel but this was a bit extreme.The next morning we went down for the Continental Breakfast. This is definitely nice to have, although the quality of the food was not that great. You cannot expect too much for a Continental Breakfast so take these comments as just that, comments.Check-out went smoothly, we were able to extend our check-out until 2pm, which was good as we were tired and didn't need to leave for the airport until 2:00.All-in-all, this is a Holiday Inn - which seems, to me, to have gone downhill in recent years. You can get rooms at very similar prices at almost any hotel on the wharf if you look around.	
Nov 17 2007 	Great location for families	Could find nothing wrong with this hotel.Room size was good with 2 x queen size beds for 4 of us (2 adults and 2 children). Bathroom was excellent. Also very quiet considering our room was at street level.Internet access via 2 computers near the lobby.Continental breakfast was adequate.Plenty of shops and restaurants nearby, including those at Fisherman's Whart. Starbucks just around the corner.Safe and easy to get around at night.Would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone. Definitely on our list of places to stay again.	
Nov 10 2007 	We liked it!!	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The staff at the reception deskwas friendly and helpful. We got maps and informations about SF when we checked in. No problem with our luggage to storeas we were there before check-in-time (3 p.m.). Our room was nice and clean and size was o.k.,too. We did not have a view but who needs a view in SF when in town all day long...Wi-Fi was free.We liked the free beakfast. Plenty to choose from.The location was just perfect: minutes from Fishermans Wharf,close to cable car stop, a Trader Joes was around the corner (weloved it!) plenty of restaurants and shopping possibilities. There is a pool at the HI next door which can be used fromguests of the HI express, too.We were glad the we stayed st the Wharf. Yes, it is a tourist area,but arent we tourists?	
Nov 8 2007 	Great Location 	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express for 3 nights and was very impressed.The room was a good size and was very clean and tidy. Excellent breakfast - my boys loved the doughnuts &amp; pastries on offer. Excellent location and only a short walk to Fishermans Wharf and Pier 39. Great area for kids and felt safe walking around at night. We enjoyed our stay in San Francisco and would have liked to have stayed longer.	
Oct 27 2007 	Could not be more pleased!	The hotels offered by my travel agent were booked full. I found this hotel on tripadvisor.com and had my agent book it after I read the reviews. My wife and I spent only two days in SF and were pleased to find the reviews to be right on. Hotel is in the Fisherman's Wharf close to Cable Trolleys, Pier 39, shopping, bars, dining, city wide transportation, and site seeing. We had a great time and were able to do everything on our list.	
Oct 25 2007 	just ideal	we stayed here for just 2 nights but would have been happy to spend a week.If this hotel was in London it would getat least 4 stars.The rooms are absolutely spotless,bathrooms are large with really great showers and loads of lovely fluffy towels.The complimentary breakfasts are fine,excellent doughnuts of real american proportions! Staff were very helpful,I had a problem getting hold of our car hire firm so the receptionist did it for me with a smile. The hotel is an easy walk to Fishermans Wharf and to the tour bus stop.This hotel is ideal as an introduction to both San Francisco and to America,no standing on ceremony,relaxed and above all courteous.	
Oct 25 2007 	Great base for the San Fran tourist!	This a a great base for a San Fran vacation. We stayed here for one nite before transferring across the street to the Hyatt for a conference. We preferred this hotel, hands down! Staff was warm and accomodating. Rooms were well-sized and comfortable. As a Priority Club member we were upgraded to a &quot;suite&quot; with a microwave and refridgerator. Rooms were very clean with comfortable beds. Our check out was delayed for 10 minutes and were offered a free movie for the inconvenience (without asking..) Cable car stop is steps from the hotel, as well as Fisherman's wharf, Pier 39, Giardelli Square and sweeping views of the Bay, Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz. Highly recommended.	
Oct 5 2007 	Decent hotel good tourist location	Booked this hotel through Hotwire because it was the best deal we could get for our trip. The location is great for first time tourists to SF because it is close to Fisherman's Wharf, a Trolley Car, and a short walk up Columbus to 'Little Italy' and Chinatown. Lombard Street and Coit Tower are also within walking distance.The hotel itself is clean and the beds were comfortable. They were not able to offer us rooms with 2 beds, so gave us rooms with King beds and offered up a roll-away bed for free. The Free breakfast included a few cereals, toast, donuts, fruits, cinnamon rolls and muffins. Coffee, juice, and milk were also available.Free internet access in the lobbyEasy, although long, trip from the airport:- Take the BART ($5.15 - 30 minute ride) from airport to Embarcadero/Market Street - Go to street level and catch the Muni #10 ($1.50 - 10 minutes) bus towards Vanness/North Point. - Exit at North St &amp; Jones St	
Oct 2 2007 	Comfy Room	Stayed there for 4 nights as part of my California coast trip. Hotel itself is nice, rooms big and comfortable. Continental breakfast served from 6.30 to 9.30 its a cold buffet with tea.coffee, juices and cereal toast , pastries etc... i thought it was good. The location is in fisherman wharf which is the touristy spot, it was very handy for us as we went to see Alcatraz and the Golden Gate bridge. Plus you can go downtown in 10 minutes. I really liked it but i think i d rather go into downtown next time i visit for a better choice of bars and restaurants. But apart from the location i really enjoyed my stay there.	
Sep 28 2007 	Central to eveyrthing	Friendly staff, quick check in. We had the building around the corner, but not too much of a trek. Room big, good air conditioning. Beds big and very comfortable with a pillow system, you get a choice of 4 different types of pillows, just pick the one you like.Good to have coffee and tea facilities but did not supply enough as we brits like our tea, did not use their cafe, but found a couple of great breakfast places just up the road towards the cable terminal, they do every breakfast you can imagine, service was friendly and very reasonable, could sit outside, enjoy the early morning sunshine and enjoy a leisurely breakfast. Great view of the bridge from the cable terminal, everything close by, loads of shops and the Piers. The bus tours are within a block and are very informative and interesting.Had a great stay, would stay again.	
Sep 27 2007 	Worth it!	Overall, very good and we would stay again. Good points - rooms, cleaning, continental breakfasts, location, swimming pool (in Holiday Inn next door) and reception.  Poor points - lifts (slow) and coffee facilities in room. Why a coffee percolator and in the en suite?! Only enough coffee/milk/sugar for one maybe 2 cups. Overcome by 'borrowing' tea bags, milk and sugar from breakfast. Why not get the coffee in rooms right?No homeless seen in area. Excellent location for Fishermans and transport to other parts of city.Overall, very happy.	
Sep 26 2007 	Great Location	They say location is everything. In the case of the H.I Express at Fisherman's Wharf this is very true. My wife and I just returned from a four night stay there. Everything is within a short walking distance. The Wharf is a block away, the cable cars are another block away, the famous F line is also a block away. Our room was facing the street but we had no problem with noise. The staff was very nice and helpful, even in giving directions. If there was a down side, I would have to say, the room is bit on the small side and pricey. However, it is adaquate and clean. We would definately go back.	
Sep 21 2007 	Great location and clean hotel	I love the location for this hotel in San Francisco. You do not need to rent a car because you have all the transportation around you needed at all times of the day and night. We also took numerous tours which picked us up in front of the hotel. If you decide to rent a car the rate per night at the hotel w/tax is approx. $42.00. The Holiday Inn Express is very clean and unusually large and soundproof. The beds should be upgraded because they have seen many years of abuse. We used our points and did not have to pay anything and were put in a mini suite which included a fridge and microwave. The view was of the Wharf from our room but being we were on the run the entire week it was a pleasure to come back and leave from that location. The breakfast could be better and maybe more of it being you have a lot of people from other countries who took advantage of filling bags for dessert - I blame this on all of San Francisco who charge ridiculous prices for all food especially breakfast. I was told Denny's around the corner charged for 3 people an average of $72.00. New York is much cheaper than this City. Also, the homeless are out of control every place you walk in the best of areas they are begging, trying to touch you and sleeping in the streets. In fact they are out of control and make it very uncomfortable because no police and very little security around. They are even outside of the hotels but I felt fine because I had my husband and 15 year old son with me. If I was alone it would not be enjoyable. When you stand on the line for the Trolley Cars they are grabbing on to you and begging. Every park, every landmark, every place there are tons and tons of them even sleeping on the Trolly's before they roll out in the AM. I was interested in taking one of the Trolley's and stepped on the bus because I thought one of them worked for the transit and almost got cornered by 4 of them until my husband came behind me. This City is NOT SAFE for single women. I think they need to stop protecting them and clean up San Francisco because it is a beautiful place to visit. Everyone we met felt the same way in fact one women from England went to the baseball Giant Game the same night we attended and 3 of these homeless men sat next to them and every time they moved the homeless followed them until one fell and split open his chin and was bleeding but refused help and paramedics left the scene. I called them bums and almost got my head chopped off by many of the tour guides that we took trips with. One place we stopped to take a picture I walked with my son ahead of my husband and he felt someone right behind him when he picked up the bag that we were carrying and thought it was me but instead had a homeless right in his face. If people would stop visiting they would have no choice but to do something about it.	
Sep 10 2007 	Did the job nicely!	We stayed here as part of a two day stay in San Fran and have to say it was perfect for what we were after, Close to Fisherman's wharf &amp; Pier 39, the vintage tram (a must!) which takes you to the shopping haven that is union square, and also close to the alcatraz ferry (one of the highlights of our 2 week stay in the US!).The hotel itself was well presented &amp; felt modern. Apart from the poor view from our room, I was pleased with it overall, the free wireless was a bonus and the complementary continental breakfast hit the spot. All in all I would definitley recommend this hotel for a short stay in San Fran.	
Sep 8 2007	Good Locationniceclean hotel	Just returned from our 2nd trip in as many years to wonderful,diverse San Francisco. Can not wait to plan another trip to my favorite city in the country! Stayed at Holiday Inn Express Fisherman's Wharf.We like staying in the wharf area so chose this hotel . The hotel is located close to anything you need. Stores, shops,food, the wharf, Ghiradelli, the Cannery. great area. The hotel was very clean. plenty of room to move around in our room, and very helpful friendly staff. We had requested a refridge in the room (daughter's dietary needs). When we got checked in and arrived in the room there wasn't a fridge. Called the front desk and within minutes one was delivered to the room. Have only positive comments concerning the staff and front desk.Back to the room, the beds were comfortable, everything looked fairly new and nice bath products left every day.The maid service was good. Funny thing not once~never ,saw a maid, maids cart or any sign of them our entire stay. Rooms had always been cleaned by the time we returned from our days excursions.The only negative I can think of is there was absolutlely no view from our room. It was an &quot;inner&quot; quiet room as we requested, but our only view wasa wall of other rooms. Maybe if we stayed on the highest floor (4 I think) may have had a view. The street side rooms may have a view, but they are very noisy with traffic. Wasn't a huge deal as we use the room only for cleaning up and sleeping. Just compared to a different hotel we stayed previous vacation. Watched Alcatraz, the water every morning with my coffee..So, probably unfair to compare. The free cont. breakfast was adequate.If you want fresh, cooked to order breakfast, there are several places within steps of the hotel.I feel if it's free nobody has a right to complain.All in all I feel for the price this was the best deal we could have found. Have no complaints about the hotel itself or the staff. We had a great time.	
Sep 4 2007	Wow....made our trip special.....	This hotel was excellent. The staff including Brandy who checked us in the hotel, made sure everything was correct and special. We had a great view of the ocean..alcatraz and even the top of the golden gate bridge. Our room was extremely neat and clean each and everyday. The bed made, carpet cleaned, bathroom sparkling. The breakfast was a wonderful way to start the day of sight seeing. It was always busy and always well stocked. Internet access throught their computers was fast and we were even able to print directions. Checking out was a breeze. We stayed nine nights and we can't wait to stay again!!!!Bob and Donna...Tn fans in the land of the golden hotel	
Sep 4 2007 	Steps to Wharf	One night stop over only. First timers for 4 of our party of 6. Steps from the Wharf and all the night life you need. Great food vendors and shopping along walk to Pier 39. Clean rooms. Courteous front desk workers. Valet parkers excellent, with no wait in the a.m. when leaving! No views except to other rooms, but we hardly spent any time in our room except to sleep. AC worked well, as it was HOT when we were there. Shower water pressure was okay. Continental breakfast was great, with oatmeal, coffee/tea/hot chocolate/juice, toast, danish, cereals, muffins, apples &amp; oranges. Quick check out available. Would stay here again, and recommend to others. No pool was disappointing!	
Aug 28 2007 	Good location.	Loved - Location and cleaniness of room. Free breakfast.Improvement needed - Closet door was broken. Shower wall was cracked and &quot;fixed&quot; with tape. Was not able to check in until 1 1/2 hours AFTER check in time. Room was not ready.	
Aug 27 2007 	Perfect For A Short Stay - Ideal Location	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express with Virgin Holidays. It was only a three night stay so for this reason the hotel was fine. The room was large and the beds confortable. We stayed in one room with our 2 children and had ample space. It is in a fantastic location for getting around San Francisco. The bed linen was clean and a maid service was supplied every day. We did not have the included continental breakfast as we chose to eat at the Denny's around the corner. We had a lot of help from the desk staff who advised us about how to get around and the best plass to visit and how to get there. Just a suggestion you must visit Alcatras and book tickets at home as it is normally fully booked when you go to buy tickets on the dock on the day.	
Aug 24 2007 	Enjoyed our stay..	Stayed at the Holiday Inn for 4 nights this February. On arrival we were put in a smoking room to which I complained as neither me, my husband or my 6yr old smoked. Virgin apparently just allocated smoking rooms to families beware of this. Anyway was given another room straight away. Room was nice. Nothing to get excited about. The location of this hotel is brilliant though. We ate breakfast in the hotel lobby and also across the road at the Denny's located in the adjacent building. Both were OK. On check out there was a problem with a parking charge, which we were told by Virign when booking would be free. The hotel apparently didn't know anything about this. Let us off though in the end. I would recommend this hotel, we had a nice stay. San Francisco is BRILLIANT....	
Aug 20 2007	Stay away from Dennys	Stayed in H. Inn this july, hotel in good location, decent size rooms etc. We were in the second building across the street where there is a 'Dennys' situatedStay away from 'Dennys' as it is daylight robbery. ...Basic breakfast for 2 adults+1 child consisting of coffee, toast, ceral, fruit etc approx $45-50. Much better to try the 'Latte Express' deli across the road on Beach street. Great selection of cereals, juices, sandwiches, excellent coffee etc to stay or go to suit families either on a budget or those that don't like getting ripped off.Go through the sliding doors beside the concierge desk onto the street and latte express is across the road on your right hand side.	
Aug 18 2007 	Great!	This hotel is great for its location in Fisherman's Wharf and great for its breakfast. Although each morning felt like a scramble for a table and food, there was plenty of choice and you could stock up for the day! Staff were very pleasant and room was adequate for what we needed but nothing special. The free internet access in the hotel lobby is a bonus and the hotel is modern and well kept.	
Aug 16 2007 	Great Budget Hotel	We stayed here for a few days in November 2006 and had a really nice stay. The hotel is in a great location in which to explore Fishermans Wharf and is a few minutes walk to the main attractions. The rooms are ample and reasonably furnished. The staff are ok , although the breakfast bar can get crowded and is a little messy.	
Aug 5 2007 	Best Buy near Fisherman's Wharf	I have clients with offices near Fisherman's Wharf and must check up on them several times each year. After trying all the alternatives, I've settled on the Holiday Inn Express as the best place to stay in the area.The room cost is reasonable. The rooms are clean and set up for a business traveller (free high-speed internet, and a decent desk).I've only stayed in a room with a street view once, with all other rooms facing interior courtyards. The good news is that these rooms are quiet, while the street view rooms have heavy traffic noice. The bad news is that there is no view in a city famous for great views.Holiday Inn Express offers the same breakfast at every property I've stayed at. It gets the job done, but don't expect anything fancy. Coffee, cold cereal, toaster waffles/english muffins, cinamon rolls, and an orange colored liquid that claims to be juice.If you are driving a car, be prepared to pay a $40 daily charge to park it at the hotel. High priced parking is pretty standard at all San Francisco hotels, but can be a shocker if you aren't prepared for it.Want a restaurant recommendation? Try Pompei's Grotto. It's about 2 blocks away, just West of the zooey part of Fisherman's Wharf. Good seafood at a reasonable price. If you are searching for a fantastic mega-meal with a view, McCormick &amp; Kuleto's in Ghiradelli Square is the best.	
Jul 22 2007 	Pick room off of the street	We picked this for its convenient location. The first night was hell for me, a light sleeper. It was on the first floor, 10 feet from a trolley line and busy street. The night lobby manager was awful. I went to get a quieter room at 6 am after a sleepless night and he refused to make a change for our next two booked nights. He said I'd have to wait until 11 when rooms had been checked out of. At 8 am the day reservations clerk, a young woman named Ady came on duty. SHE immediately changed our room to a quiet inner one. It was an unused handicap room we could get into immediately. If we wanted to wait, she even offered to later put us into a suite. We took the first room because we had to get to Berkeley by 9 am and it worked out great.Why can't a chain like Holiday Inn train all its staff to be kind and accommodating like Ady? The first guy makes me want to never book a Holiday Inn again.The hotel was in a great location to get around to all the sites, though the streets were extremely crowded during summer vacation. We didn't take the cable car nearby because of huge lines.The free breakfast was adequate - all cold foods but lots of fruits, breads, pastries &amp; cereals, hard boiled eggs and beverages. The lobby and rooms are clean and modern.You have no fridge, microwave or exercise room (3 treadmills was it), but for sleeping and central location for touristing, it was fine (if you get an inner room).	
Jul 17 2007 	Great Stay	We need a hotel to at when friends came to visit on 7/7/07.Our friends were staying at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.We managed to get a reservation at Holiday Inn Express.Cost per night $200 was pricey for us. But from the time we arrived, we were treated very well. The hotel looked like it had recently been renovated from the lobby, floor hallway and the room it self. The updated furnishings were well done.The free continental breakfast was okay but very limited.BUT WHAT WAS OUTRAGEOUS to us was paying $30 a night in HOTEL TAX. WOW!	
Jul 17 2007 	Hated the holiday inn express	This hotel is shabby carpets are thread bear and linen shabby. The staff were etremely rude and they do not move on the homeless people in the foyer	
Jun 25 2007 	Excellent value	Great location, quiet and only minutes walk to Fishermans Wharf.Excellent room, we shared with our 2 children and found the room to be a great size for a standard 2 x double room. Bathroom good size, modern, great shower, spotlessly clean. Continental breakfast very good and plenty on offer.Staff very helpful.I would definately stay at this hotel again. Excellent value.	
Jun 23 2007 	Wonderful Stay	Great location, friendly staff, clean rooms. This was by far the best hotel we stayed in during our vacation to San Francisco. We would definately reccommend this place to friends and family. They accommodated us at every turn and we could not have been happier. We would stay here again in a heartbeat.Thank You Holiday Inn Express at the Wharf you made our vacation a pleasure!	
Jun 18 2007 	Adequate is all I can say	We stayed at this hotel recommended by a coworker. The room is typical Holiday Inn, clean and safe. It is closeby to fisherman's wharf and to any public transportation you desire.The breakfast is cold. The milk was expired and sour but the staff pulled it out soon as I complained..only thing warm you can get is toast. I was somewhat disappointed that they didn't even have a microwave for the rolls and muffins. The coffee is good.There are breakfast places close by and a great bar across the street. You are close enough to go have coffee and fresh bread for coffee from the wharf. I did not see the homeless that previous post spoke of, at least not near the hotel. Once it started getting dark we did see it at the area parks.Beware you will pay $35 a day for parking. But is is underground and you have in and out privledges. I decided to take the hit just so my car was safe and had covered parking.All and all, I would stay here again.	
Jun 13 2007 	Great value location and service.	We stayed in The Holiday Inn Express during our honeymoon in San Francisco. The rooms were clean and pleasant (and we could just see the Golden Gate Bridge!), housekeeping was superb - well above average, staff were pleasant and helpful. The location was excellent - great for the Wharf, bike tours of the bridge, and well located for tram and bus stops. Lots of restaurants round the Wharf area and lots to do - would be great for families. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely go back. Beds very large and comfortable, good choice of channels in rooms and free broadband which was a great bonus. Excellent.	
Jun 10 2007 	Close to Wharf and Cruise Terminal both! [=	Prior to a cruise to Alaska, we had a quick over night stay at the H.I. Express at Fisherman's Wharf. We were travelling with 7 others, but they had opted to stay at another chain hotel nearby...their reservations were messed up, their check in was late and their hotel more expensive than ours. Us? We checked right in, had the good luck to receive one of their 3 rooms with a &quot;wharf&quot; view, and had a generous late check-out the next day. Be forewarned, the rooms are on the small side (think New York hotel rooms) but the staff was extremely helpful, the rooms very clean and it was located in a great place ~ about 3 blocks from Fishermans Wharf (close enough to walk, far enough to be quiet) and a short cab ride to the cruise ship terminal. We were very pleased with all the H.I. Express at Fisherman's Wharf had to offer. Thanks to others that posted reviews on this site...cuz that's what helped me decide where to stay!! (sorry no photos...too excited about the cruise to remember to take them!! )	
May 29 2007 	Loved It	Just got back from a Memorial Day Weekend getaway in San Francisco and stayed at the Holiday Inn Express at Fisherman's Wharf. The location is supberb for all there is to do at Fisherman's Wharf and easy access to transportation for other areas in San Francisco. The hotel offers your standard Holiday Express amenties and does a great job in doing so. One addition that would be nice would be an indoor pool not that I would have had any time with so much to do in San Francisco. Facility has a clean modern look to it. The rooms are nice size for a large city. The only drawback was the beds seemed to sit a little low for my preference. The staff here were just awesome. Everyone that I encountered was friendly and went out of their way to assist.	
May 10 2007 	Hidden Gem	Nice, clean, comfy hotel. Just a few blocks from the wharf and the trolly. Vallet parking underground about $35 a day. Cont breakfast was more than expected with hard boiled eggs, cinnamon rolls, and pastry along with cereal and doughnuts. Room was comfortable and even had its own coffee maker. Interior room view was not the best, but we didn't stay for the view. Friendly and helpful staff. They were great with directions. I'd recommend for the budget watching folks who still want to stay within walking distance to the wharf. Overall, a great stay and no complaints.	
May 10 2007 	VFM and great location!	My wife and I spent eight nights here in April, 2007 and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. The hotel is very conveniently located for the many attractions of Fisherman's Wharf and only a five minute walk to the cable car terminus. The cable car (which is a San Fran &quot;must&quot;) takes you right into the heart of the shopping area centred on Union Square. Indeed the cab fare to the Square was only $8 so for four people (we were joined by our daughter and son-in-law on day 3) this is the better deal.The hotel is all that you could wish for - spacious room, queen-size bed, cable TV, ironing board/iron, complimentary tea/coffee etc. Add to that the inclusive continental breakfast and you have a bargain. The hotel's warm cinnamon buns are to die for! Built-in ramps for those with wheelchairs etc figure in the lobbies on each upper floor and I cannot honestly think of any negatives. We would certainly stay here again if visiting San Fran once more.Do visit Alcatraz (but book in advance), Ghiradelli Square and Pier 39. We also enjoyed the open-top double decker bus tours and our tour in a World War II DUKW.	
May 9 2007 	very good value for money	This hotel is very good value for money and the staff are helpful. The only slight problem was a noisy party next door one night , but the desk staff attended to this when I complained and there was no further problem. The rooms are a reasonable size, I had a view of Coit Tower, and the location is excellent. The breakfast area gets a bit crowded at the weekend but that is a small price to pay. I would go there again.	
Apr 29 2007	holiday inn express san francisco	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in February 2007 and it was fantastic. I can recommend it to anyone wanting a fishermans wharf area hotel as not only are the rooms spacious and clean, but you also get a free continental breakfast which is a rarity in the U.S. There is also a Sports bar opposite which has a friendly atmosphere (much nicer than the bar at the neighbouring Holiday Inn!) Only problem with this area of the town is the distinct lack of nightlife but regular trams take you up to Union Square where it is much livlier.A great hotel at a great price	
Apr 25 2007 	Great value!	Good tourist location, modern clean rooms and bathrooms. Very helpful reception staff. The valet parking is expensive..around $40 with tax, but very convenient - the car is parked in a garage under the hotel. If you want to save money on that, it is possible to park for less just a block or two away. The breakfast is acceptable as a &quot;free&quot; breakfast, but we chose to eat in the Hollywood Cafe next door for an inexpensive big American breakfast !Overall I'd highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 19 2007 	Good location	Stayed here for 4 nights after an eventful journey from the airport via BART! Checkin was very quick &amp; cheery &amp; helpful although we did have to insist on 2 beds! Room was nice no real view but the beds were comfy &amp; the pillows plump. Great location just 2 blocks from Fisherman sWharf.Breakfast was included &amp; good but not always plentiful. it consisted of cereals, fruit, juice, coffee, croissants, donuts, bagels &amp; toast. 9am was ok but dont expect everything!Staff were helpful with directions.The hotel was clean &amp; fresh &amp; very pleasant! Free internet access just off the lobby. Hotel is surroundedby other hotels &amp; lots of souvenir shops. There is a 7-11 &amp; a walgreens nearby (in different directions!)Had a great stay!	
Apr 16 2007	Great find	This is a great hotel. I had a king room on the interior. Quiet, but I also turned on the fan to mask any hall noise. Noisy toilets, though. Room was nice size with an upholstered chair, small desk withcomfortable work chair, internet access, good lighting, safe, small bathroom but lots of counter space. I used the lobby computer and printer for my boarding pass. Nice folks at front desk. Nothing exciting on breakfast bar and it did get busy, but typical for big city hotel. Luggage trolley available for your use-no bellman.I was attending a conference at the Hyatt and my AAA room rate was $35 less than the Hyatt conference rate and included more in my opinion.	
Apr 15 2007 	Great location for family	We stayed here this past week with our girls 8 and 10. It was perfect. Had a junior suite which included a kitchenette - fridge and microwave. Great for snacks. It was clean but the room was not large. We were comfortable. The breakfast was tippical but perfect with one girl up at 6:30 and starving and the other up at 8. Close to everything. Would recommend it for a convenient/safe/clean place to stay. Nothing fancy.	
Apr 12 2007 	Better Than Expected	This hotel was clean, quiet, modern and conveniently located. The staff was always helpful and the free continental breakfasts were quite adequate. The decor was something between art deco and modern/contemporary. Many restaurants were within walking distance and the view to the water from some of the rooms was fabulous. Internet access was easy and the excercise room was a pleasant bonus. We askedfor a handicapped accessible, no smoking room with a king size bed and that is exactly what we got. There were no strange odors or otherundesirable surprises. The only drawback was the $35 per day parking fee. But the parking valet service was swift and polite. I'd stay there again.	
Apr 9 2007 	Loved the Location and Hotel!	Stayed at the Hotel Spring Break Week, April 3 - 8, 2007. I booked a mini-suite and was notified of a free upgrade to a full suite upon check-in! Prior to arrival, the hotel booked a city tour and a Muir Woods/Sausalito tour for me and my daughter. The hotel is very clean.The continental breakfast was a benefit - saved money. I am a healthy eater and I found, the fruit (bananas, organges, and apples), boiled eggs, fat free milk, wheat toast, and raisin bran &amp; tea sufficient for me. Plenty of muffins, crousaints, and danishes, etc. are also available. A full hot breakfast is available across the street at &quot;Knuckles&quot; at the Hyatt or try the mom and pop shops adjacent to the H.I. Express and eat inside or on the curb!No restaurant is at the hotel, but a sports bar, Knuckles, is across the street. Want something late nite like I did? Denny' s open 24hrs is a 3-5 minute walk from the H.I. Express.Very short walk to Fishermans Wharf! Would stay there again. The hotel is on the same street as other Major hotels. I would easily choose the Hotel again. I am a business man that has been travelling a lot since 1985.	
Apr 6 2007 	Perfect location	We stayed here for 5 nights 20-25th March and the location is superb.Hotel check in was very good and the room,although a little&quot;tired&quot; was ready on our arrival and clean.It had all the usual facillities and was nice and quiet.The breakfast is more than adequate,with a good selection,(but the toasters could do with replacing).Fishermans Wharf is very good,and we would HIGHLY recommend trying the clam chouder which is served up in a bread bowl,its just gorgeous.Alcatraz is still well worth a visit but book early in the day to get a place on the boat across.We had a lovely walk over the Golden Gate bridge(get a taxi there though) and we carried on walking right round to Sausalito which dosnt take very long and then have a coffee overlooking the bay its really nice.Take a tram car for the experience,plus the streets are very very hilly,and take a walk down Lombard Street,then keep going to Coit Tower.This is a lovely city with plenty to see and do,and dont miss Chinatown.Once again there are a lot of street performers and homeless people begging and sleeping in the streets but they dont cause you any trouble.Go to San Francisco and enjoy,its wonderful,and stay at this hotel too,its adequate.	
Apr 4 2007 	could not fault it	We stayed at the above hotel 2 adults 3 children.I must say we had a great 3 days the hotel was better than we expected very clean, our room was spacious on ground floor, it seemed like a new hotel. Very close to all the tourist things. Breakfast was great and staff very helpful, we just couldnt fault the hotel.We will definately recommend this hotel to friends.rickrock	
Apr 4 2007 	Second time as good as the first	We stayed at the HI Express in September last year for 5 nights and were as pleased with it this time as last. Excellent free breakfast which is served just off reception and it can get very busy here , but the place is quickly tidied and you wouldn't know that there had been hundreds of people eating there. We had a large disabled access room which was immaculate and very roomy. Large bathroom well stocked with towels and toiletries.Front desk staff were the same as 2 years ago, which I liked. I'd definitely stay here again as I actually like being near the Wharf but close to transport. Great value.	
Mar 11 2007 	Great Location	The best thing about this hotel is the location. It is literally minutes from the very touristy Fishermans Wharf and is even closer to bus and cable car stops. There is nothing flash about the hotel but it does provide a quiet, relaxed base from which to explore San Francisco.The room I had was spotlessly clean and was a decent size although the bathroom was a little compact. Having said that, the room had everything needed for your stay. In room safe, tea/coffee, hair dryer, iron, etc were all included free of charge. The huge bed was comfortable and provided a sound nights sleep.Breakfast was disappointing. The continental selection was small and the only warm food available was an apple cake. It wasn't bad, just that I prefer a cooked breakfast, or at least the option of one.There is a small fitness room in the hotel with six or seven exercise machines available free of charge.The hotel has no bar but the one directly across the street (knuckles) is excellent and I'd recommend the BBQ pizza which is big enough for two and only costs $13.The Holiday Inn Express is designed for the customer who only uses the hotel for sleep and rest and they have got the balance just right. It is a perfect base to explore San Francisco and have a restful nights sleep after all that hill walking.I would use this hotel again	
Feb 23 2007 	Good location average hotel	The best thing about this hotel is the location. It's in easy walking distance to Fishermans Wharf which is where most of the touristy stuff goes on. We did venture into downtown SF, but felt a lot more threatened there than at fishermans Wharf. The hotel itself is quite bland, but clean and comfortable. If you are not planning on spending a lot of time on your room then this is fine. But whilst we were there it poured with rain most of the time, and we found the room quite small when we were trying to dry out our soggy clothes. In this hotel we also got a complimentary breakfast which was a good variety, and a good start to the day. We dont like to get up too early when on holiday so the fact that the breakfast was available until 9.30 was a plus for us! I knew SF was hilly, but they still surprised me - and thank god for the cable cars and trams!! We had a great time here, but mainly becauise we were out and about rather than because the hotel was great. The hotel is basic and functional - clean and the breakfast was good, and a convenient location, but otherwise I dont think we would stay here again. Mainly because we like to stay in different places each time, but also because the room was smaller than we had hoped, and that it just seemed very bland.	
Feb 22 2007	Great and Ideal	I travel the world as an Flight Attendent and always stay at 5 star hotels so when i went on vacation i stayed at the Holiday Inn Express, Fishermans Wharf. It is situated in a fantastic location, near to all the piers and all transport to different parts of the city. The room was very clean and daily cleaned to a high standard. reception staff were extremely helpful and nothing was too much trouble, especially funny was Brandy. The fitness centre was adequate for its purpose and the free internet was a bonus. Free complimentary was nice but you have to be early but then again who wants to eat every morning when there is so much choice in the big city. Overall i thought the hotel and amenities in and close to the hotel was fantastic.	
Jan 31 2007	If the beds were any harder you would be camping	With improvements this hotel has the potential to be great, without them though we would rate it as average.Firstly, this hotel has extremely hard beds even with the extra mattress pad that they provide. If there is one thing you do in San Francisco is a lot of walking and a good nights comfortable sleep is an important factor.When we crawled into bed the first night we noticed how hard the mattress was. I was trying to get comfortable and my arm rubbed over the blanket. To my dismay I felt crusty areas on the blanket as it rubbed against my arm. Without getting into specifics you can guess why the blanket had crusty stains on it and was not clean, it even had a few dirt marks on it too. We stripped the blanket off the bed and we saw that there was a spare blanket in the closet, so we used that one instead.The next day, we reported the dirty blanket to the front desk, along with our TV having a continous buzzing noise too. The gal at the front desk said she would have to talk to the manager about the situation. When I spoke to the manager, she said she told the maid to check the sheets and they were clean. I told her it was not the sheets, but the blanket. She had an odd reaction (sort of like disbelief) she said, &quot;this has never happened here before.&quot; To which I replied, &quot;we travel all over the world and believe me this has never happened to us either.&quot; The manager also mentioned that the blankets are not washed on the same wash cycle as the sheets. She said, she would investigate the blanket problem and adjust our room rate for that night. Which ended up being a few dollars off the nightly room rate. We were moved to another room.The new room was clean, there was no problem with the bedding. We asked for an extra mattress pad to be put on the bed, this made the bed more comfortable to sleep on. Had it not been for the two mattress pads on the bed, we would have found the bed too hard and uncomfortable to sleep on and would have checked out, to find another hotel with a more comfortable bed.The coffee maker in the room is on the bathroom counter right beside a high powered flushing toilet. This is not sanitary considering the splashes from the toilet so close by. We washed the coffee maker out with hot water and soap and moved it to the desk by the TV. I'm not sure why they are not placed there in the first place, as there is plenty of room on the desk beside the TV. The coffee supplied in your room is very weak. I think the coffee supplied is for 2 cups, not for 4 cups. If your making a full pot use both packages of coffee, then it will taste a lot better.The maid service was very efficient, although they start at 8:30am, so if you want to sleep in you should put the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door. Rush hour starts at 6:00am, so if you are a light sleeper and wake up to traffic, bus and cable car noise, ask for a room facing the courtyard. It has no view, but these rooms are quieter than the street side. There are two computers in the lobby that offer free internet, but a lot of times they are busy in the mornings. We found that the computers had better availability in the afternoons and evenings.The complementary continental breakfast is served from 6:30am to 9:30am. This consists of cold boiled eggs, bran muffins, chocolate muffins, apple muffins, croissants, white &amp; brown bread, english muffins (toasters are available for toasting bread) butter and jam. Plain donuts, chocolate donuts, cinnamon buns, raisin bran cereal, cornflakes cereal, fruit loops cereal, (skim, 2%, homo milk) orange, apple, cranberry juice, coffee, tea, plus fresh fruit - apples, bananas &amp; oranges. The breakfast lull is about around 7:30am to about 8:15am. It is much busier earlier and later. The hotel is conveniently located walking distance to Pier 39. Cable cars, street cars, bus stops are close by. The cab ride from the airport to the hotel costs about $42.00. The parking rate at the hotel is $35.00 per day. We decided to forego the rental car and parking fee. We did not regret this decision as the bus service is very efficient, we only waited 5 minutes for a bus on any given day including Sunday. 15 minutes at the most for a cable car or street car. At the end of the cable car stations in a booth you can purchase a one day Municipal Transit pass (Muni) good for all buses, cable cars and street cars for $11.00. A three day pass costs $18.00 and a 7 day pass costs $24.00. The passes are excellent value, as a one way cable car ride costs $5.00 and you can not hop on and off either. $5.00 for each ride period. There are two supermarkets located close to the hotel. Safeway and Trader Joe's. We found Trader Joes brand sparkling fruit juices able to hold their fizz the next day, as there is no fridge in your hotel room. The plus they taste good too. Walgreens and Cost Plus World market are near by also, but have a more limited food selections. Other retail shops/malls open @ 10:00am. We found that souveniers are cheaper closer to the hotel and China Town then at Pier 39. Ghiradelli square is under renovations until Spring 2007 and Fall 2007 so only about 1/4 of the shops are open there. The second last night of our trip, teenagers were partying with a loud boombox next door @ 2:00am. Security reacted swiftly and put an end to the loud party immediately.	
Jan 30 2007	worth a visit	We spent two week in California, touring, staying in 5 different hotels, and this one was one of the cheaper ones, but just as nice. The rooms were clean and large enough for a family of 4, we had the option of free breakfast each morning with coffee and oj it was basic but nice. the hotel is close to lots of main attractions - our son is in a wheelchair and we had no problems getting around. The only down side was having to pay $20.00 per day to park the car, and should you want food or a beer you have have to go to the hotel next door - a bit of a pain, but there are lots of places to eat near by, the sports bar across the road served food and it was great. THIS HOTEL IS GREAT VALUE FOR MONEY AND IS WELL WORTH A VISIT, we would go back. GIVE IT A GO.	
Jan 3 2007 	Comfortable and convenient	The room was comfortable and warm, the bathroom clean and there were two queen size beds which gave me one of the better sleeps of the holiday (having been round the World, this was the last stage of the tour). The hotel is convenient to the Hyde Street cable car (get there early to avoid the queue) but there is also a lesser known route at the bottom of Taylor Street and it is also worth getting a ride on the old street cars which start in Leavenworth Street. All are within a couple of blocks of the hotel. It is also pleasant to walk through Fort Mason and along the waterfront. And, of course, it is convenient for boats to Alcatraz and Sausalito. Breakfast at the hotel is free but it is also a free-for-all. Everything is disposable - cups, plates, cutlery - so wasteful. The healthy stuff consists of cereal, apples, oranges or bananas and hard boiled egg but if you want muffins, cakes, pastries, donuts, chocolate donuts, etc etc, then this is the place to be. The breakfast room was busy, typically plates were being overfilled and discarded when eyes proved bigger than tummies, and it was far from the quiet, laid back, relaxed breakfast that I enjoy. After a couple of days we gave up on it and went to Starbucks or one of the cafs up the road.There is no restaurant at the hotel but you can use the facilities of the Holiday Inn next door. Pier 39 has some restaurants but they are expensive and have a captive market. Likewise, Fisherman's Wharf itself. We caught the cable car up to Chinatown a couple of times - very good quality and very good value food - and walked back, or we walked up Columbus Avenue to Little Italy where we also got good value meals. Walking at night is OK as there are usually loads of people around, but in some of the streets around the hotel there are down and outs sleeping in doorways but they were asleep and did not give us any hassle.One welcome advantage was the free Internet access in the lobby. I have stayed in other hotels in Fisherman's Wharf and found that this one offered a similar room at a lesser price than some of the others.	
Dec 27 2006 	Great Location	This hotel was in a great location. Good continental breakfast, friendly staff and clean rooms. I would recommend this hotel for the price.	
Dec 20 2006 	Awesome Location	We did not stay here but did a sight inspection as part of work (I am a travel agent). This Holiday Inn is located opposite Fishermans Wharf and was built in 2001. Lobby and rooms feature very modern dcor and furnishing. Rooms are of a medium/large and have Nintendos for childrens entertainment.	
Dec 18 2006 	great location nice rooms	We stayed here for 3 nights in oct 2006 and found it great! the location was in walking distance to many attractions including pier 39, alcatraz and fishermans wharf (great in the summer).rooms where very clean and spacious, with two double beds and en suite with bath and shower.Although main reception was across the road at holiday inn we found no problems at all. staff were very helpful and friendly giving us free internet access(un heard of in new york) the wendy's restuarant on site is open 24hrs and gives great value for money. Breakfasts especially!For the money this place is fantastic located in the best part of san fran!!	
Dec 4 2006 	Superb Location great Hotel	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in mid September '06 as a last minute change from a Union Square hotel, and I'm certainly glad I changed hotels. The Holiday Inn Express is in a perfect location for easy access to all the very &quot;touristy&quot; haunts of Fisherman's Wharf and beyond. Literally a block away there is a metro car stop that goes all the way back down to Union Square for a very reasonable fare. Slightly further away is the most famous cable car line in the city, and being so close allows an early jump start on the queues. I felt the neighbourhood was very safe, even the less populated areas, for example I walked back from Coit Tower in the late evening and never once felt nervous. The hotel itself is very good. As I said I relocated at the last minute and the staff were very helpful, both at check in and at check out. The room was very clean and well appointed. I did not partake of the continental breakfast, but found the free computers with internet access in the lobby very useful. Overall I would strongly reccommend this hotel as a great base to explore one of the best cities I have ever visited.	
Nov 28 2006 	EXCELLENT Hotel	A fabulous hotel in a fabulous location. Rooms reasonably small but very clean, comfortable and quiet. Best thing about this hotel - the free continental breakfast. Very helpful and friendly front desk staff. Great location - close to Cable Car stop, Lombard Street and Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39.Reasonably priced too.I would definitely stay here again!	
Nov 26 2006 	Nice hotel in a good location	Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel sept 06. The staff were pleasant and very helpful and the rooms were clean and spacious. Continental breakfast was adequate, however it is a very short walk to other restaurants that provide a large choice of cooked breakfasts if you prefer. The hotel is conveniently located on Fishermans wharf, just a 5 minute walk to pier 39. Public transport stops are also a few minutes walk away. If I return to San Fran I would definitely consider staying here again.	
Nov 16 2006 	Worst breakfast we encountered	After five weeks on the east coast of USA,we had stayed in many Holiday Inns, Hampton Inns, Embasssy Inns etc. Without doubt this hotel had the worst buffet breakfast. Even allowing for the disgraceful use of disposable cutlery, crockery etc that we encountered everywhere in the USA, I cannot believe that so many reviews accept chocolate iced donuts, cardboard muffins, fruitloops, the sweetest orange juice ever , white bread for toast , overripe bananas, and flowery apples as a &quot;great breakfast&quot;.Travel to Australia, Italy and New Zealand and find out what a good breakfast means! Avoid the breakfast and go just a block away on the corner of Taylor and Lombardo to a really great, cheap cafe for smoked salmon bagels,really good coffee etc, so good for around $10 a head that it covered lunch as well.	
Nov 13 2006 	actually preferred sister hotel!	Last year we went to the Holiday Inn next door to the Express. Read a lot of bad reviews after we'd booked it through Virgin Holidays but we actually found the hotel very pleasant especially the rooms on the fifth floor. After reading the much better reviews for the Express we decided to book it for this year's visit.  The bedroom wasn't nearly as nice, nor the bathroom. There wasn't even a bar for a drink in the evening. However, the breakfast was superb! Very casual, as much as you wanted, soon replaced pastries and fruit if they ran low, all excellent. Didn't have to pay car park charges at the first hotel but the Express valet charges were exorbitent. Free Internet access was handy though it was very slow. All in all, if we return to San Francisco, I think the first hotel would get our custom as there are good cafes nearby to buy a breakfast. I'm sure there are better hotels than these two but for location they are ideal.	
Oct 30 2006 	San Francisco - Perfect for our Honeymoon	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights for our Honeymoon in October 2006. Firstly, the weather was fantastic, warm days with bright blue skys. We were told when we were in SF that this was the best time to visit. We arrived from Las Vegas so at first were slightly disappointed (we had a suite in the Luxor and had been spoilt) but the hotel was perfect for what we wanted. The hotel boasts a central location, I would say Fishermans Wharf is the 'tourist' area with plenty of souvenir shops etc, also a lot of seafood restaurants to choose from as well as the usual, Rain Forest Cafe, McDonalds etc.....Check in was smooth, we were allocated a room on the front but the AC did not work so we asked to move and were placed at the back which was much better, no noise at all. Once settled in we were extremely pleased. Guests at the hotel can use the outdoor pool at the neighbouring Holiday Inn for free. We never got the chance! The breakfast was excellent, plenty of cereal, toast, muffins, doughnuts, fruit, tea, coffee, juice, all very fresh and plenty of it and this was available 6.30-9.30. The later you went down however the busier it was but still plenty of seats.The area is great for catching the cable car/bus and I would highly recommend this hotel. All hotels seemed the same standard in the area, there were the more exclusive hotels in the City Centre (Hilton, Mark Hopkins, Francis Drake, Marriott etc) but for what we needed it was perfect. San Francisco is a fab city and Alcatraz is a must but be sure to book in advance. We also found the all day cable car pass $11 each to be very worth while.Shopping is a must here and you can pick up some fantastic bargains, whatever you are into!! - the only disappointing thing was the GG park did not seem to be too accesible, and we were curious as to how as this seems to be quite a large area to visit, we hired some bikes and cycled to the GG bridge, very good value for money and lock and helmet supplied which meant you could have lunch, or have a look round the souvenir shops.Altogether, a fantastic package and we would not hesitate to choose SF for a destination in the future.	
Oct 5 2006 	location location location	Stayed here for four nights early Sep 2006. The location is perfect for Fishermans Wharf and Pier 39. Get place to stay to do all the touristy things in San Francisco. I thought the breakfast was good and well organised. We never had any problems staying here and would definately recommend to anyone wanting location very close to FW but not noisy. The only niggle I had with this hotel was the bed was harder that I would have liked. Having said that I would still stay here again for the location!!	
Oct 2 2006 	Perfect	My partner and I stayed at this hotel, mid September 2006! It was better than I expected!Check in - Was smooth and the staff were very friendly. I was checked in and in my room in 10mins!Rooms - Very clean! I dont think any of the rooms have fantastic views, I was over looking the road and If I listened really carefully you could hear the boats using there fog horns in the morning. Room was large. The fan in the bathroom was a bit noisy, but it turned off straight after you turned the light off. Comfy bed and lots of extra pillows! Location - Perfect, was a very short stroll to the heart of Fishermans Wharf, and although tacky, I did enjoy it and all tourists have to go! I didnt feel unsafe around the hotel and the neighbourhood seemed fine to me. The hotel is really close to two cable car turnarounds, which is really handy! Comp breakfast was perfect! TIP- Wake up early because once everything gone, its gone. Also the toasters take forever so be prepared to stand around for a long time.Staff- Very friendly, although on two occassions they did send us on a wild goose chase, so dont trust them when they tell you what directions to take...get a good map! I would definetly reccommend this hotel to anyone, it was clean, modern and safe! 4/5!	
Sep 20 2006 	OK Hotel in Grubby Neighbourhood	The hotel itself was a standard Holiday Inn Express with adequate, clean rooms and a good complimentary buffet breakfast. Hotel Foyer was pleasant.Points for concern: - Parking is valet only and $32 + tax per night which is a rip off - Staff had a take it or leave it attitude - Fishermans Wharf is a tacky blemish on the face of a beatiful city - I would never stay there again - Hotel is in a noisy locationMy recommendation is that you stay at another hotel out of the area	
Sep 19 2006 	Great location for a weekend getaway	We stayed here from 9/15-9/18/06. It was the perfect location from which to see the sights. We spent about 1/2 hour on Pier 39, saw the sea lions, then used the F line streetcar, the many bus lines plus our feet to explore many of San Francisco's neighborhoods. The hotel itself was very clean, the staff friendly and efficient. Breakfast was fine, the usual for Holiday Inn Express. It is most definitely a budget hotel...plastic cups in the rooms, overall basic feeling to the decor and furnishings. There was some noise from the halls. We had an end room on the courtyard which seemed to minimize that.  If you are used to 4 or 5 star accomodations, you will not like this hotel. That said, I think they do a great job of providing a comfortable, clean, safe and friendly hotel that leaves you with cash to spend on other things while in San Francisco. We were happy to do without a car. Get a MUNI map from the front desk to help you decode the transportation system. There is a great website called San Francisco 511 where you can plug in your origin and destination and time of departure, and it will give you the buses/trollies/streetcars you need to take and exactly where the stops are and how often they run. Lorrie's airport bus is 14.00 pp to SFO airport and the front desk will book it for you ahead of time. Or you can take the F line streetcar to the BART station to the airport for 5.50.  A word on the area. We never felt unsafe here, even at night. We walked to and from Houston's, an excellent restaurant at the corner of Montgomery and Embarcadero, and were not bothered at all by anyone. People are walking all over the place; this is a VERY touristy part of town.	
Sep 10 2006 	Hotel/Clean but Wharf/Sketchy	First trip to San Fran. The hotel was very convenient in that we could walk to many of our spots. The hotel room was tiny but very clean. The front desk staff was extremely nice and very helpful. The complimentary breakfast was substantial but get an early start to beat the big crowd, The only negative was the Wharf at night. Walking back from any of the restaurants in the area at night is pretty sketchy. I am not sure I would stay in that general area again but not because of the hotel.	
Sep 9 2006 	A great stay	Out of three motels we stayed at on our trip up the coast, this one was by far the best. We stayed here for two nights. It was within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf and Ghiradelli Square, which made everything so much easier. The staff was friendly, and the breakfast was full of people but organized and good for families. The inside of the hotel looked just like the pictures, and our room was clean - carpets and all. For a break from the city and a drive over the Golden Gate Bridge, we recommend visiting Muir Woods. The trees are amazing, and the kids loved it, too.	
Sep 6 2006 	Outstanding Location Nice Motel Noisy	Outstanding location in the middle of Fisherman's Wharf. Walking distance from most of the nearby attractions. Very loud street noise. Friendly hotel management and staff, nice and well-kept property. Valet parking service was expensive (maybe $36/day), but it was always nice to have a parking space waiting whenever we returned to the hotel. Rates were reasonable, complimentary breakfast buffet was mediocre and crowded. Decent hotel, but too noisy for my wife.	
Sep 6 2006 	Hotel is great Fisherman's Wharf is not so great	Like a previous reviewer, my family came for a short visit to San Francisco while spending the majority of our vacation time in beautiful Lake Tahoe. Having not visited the Fisherman's Wharf area for many years, the primary shock was finding the dirty, cheesy state of the wharf. Homeless folks and other unique characters along the streets caused us, my young daughter in particular, to be uncomfortable. But within that disappointing aspect of the neighborhood, we found the Holiday Inn Express a wonderful place to come home to. The hotel seemed quite new and sort of boutique-like in its decor. Rooms and public areas were quite clean and the complimentary continental breakfast was much above average for &quot;budget-style&quot; accomodations. Staff was friendly and always helpful.The rooms were smallish, and probably not large enough for 4 people, and our room was probably one of many without any view whatsoever. Thankfully we chose this hotel for easy access to the cable cars and other things on our &quot;to do&quot; list. Valet parking was $32.00 per day (before taxes). I felt our car was fairly secure in that lot, however the hotel elevator takes anyone down to the parking area unsupervised. For our personal tastes, we will likely try a downtown hotel next time we come to San Francisco, not because of the hotel but because of our personal discomfort in the wharf atmosphere. Finding a good rate may be difficult, but location is important to us.	
Sep 6 2006	holiday inn express fishermans wharf	this hotel was as well presented as a 4 star friendly staff. The rooms are just perfect and well kept. Even though we were on a main road we hardly heard any noise or even from other rooms. the breakfast was really good although just the usual toast croissants fresh fruit coffees teas cereals but plentiful. Fully reccommend this hotel. The holiday inn is just a few minutes walk away where there is a Dennys but is in such a good spot for all food outlets and the pier.	
Aug 29 2006 	Adequate lodging	We stayed here for one night on a short side trip we took to San Franciso while we were staying at Lake Tahoe. (Good Points) The hotel is located right near the wharf area which would be a plus for most people. It is only a short walk to the cable cars and trolley. The hotel is new and shows no wear and tear yet. The breakfast is the typical Holiday Inn Select breakfast which I believe to be one of the best around. The hotel staff is friendly and helpful. They put out fruit on the counter in the afternoon.  (Needing improvement or that which you may want to be forewarned of) We needed two rooms. The one my son and his friend stayed in was a typical two bed room of adequate size. The one my wife and I stayed in was really small (477 I think). It reminded me of some of the smallish european rooms we have stayed in. It was adequate, but should not have been priced as high as the others. Parking your car here is 32 dollars a pop for one night. I consider that too high even for a large city. I believe you can park it cheaper at some of the local lots. Neither room had a fridge or a micro. As this is a new hotel I would have expected this to have been included. I do not think there is a pool for the kiddies, but I believe you can use the Holiday Inn pool a few doors down. Would I stay here again? Yes	
Aug 27 2006	Great hotel in a good location	We stayed at the hotel from the 22nd August, the facilities were as described on the website, the room was spotless, the free internet access was very useful, the staff were friendly and the service was good. The location was excellent, there are plenty of things to do locally and the hotel is easily accessible for public transport or to walk to the rest of san francisco (mind the hills!!) i would definitely stay there again, the only thing i would say, is make sure you go for the complimentary breakfast early as it gets busy later on, which we found out due to jet lag!	
Aug 14 2006 	Happy with The Holiday Inn	Although we stayed in the sister hotel above Denny's we found it to be of a good standard. The rooms were kept very clean and the coffee/tea facilities were generously replenished. The entrance through a badly lit car park could potentially be tricky &amp; the management should be aware of this - increased lighting &amp; more visible security at night would give more peace of mind. Some reviewers have questioned the quality of surrounding nearby restaurants, but Holiday Inns can hardly be held responsible for this. We would have no hesitation in staying here again. It was generally good value for money.	
Aug 8 2006 	Great hotel	We can only agree with the last couple of reviews. We booked this hotel based on its reviews in tripadvisor and its location. We really liked it: great location with good public transport connections for the rest of downtown, the rooms are modern and clean, beds are great, bathroom is excellent, breakfast is okay, staff is nice and helpfull. I do not for the life of me understand those people who complain about the location. Anyone who informs himself before going to SF knows that Fisherman's Wharf is a tourist trap. Big deal. If you don't want to walk the Pier or see the tourist shops, just head in the other direction. Or book a hotel in another part of town. We did not see any homeless people or beggars while we were there. We took the cable car in the evening to the restaurants in North Beach, came back late at night, no problem. This part of SF felt like our home neighbourhood, we did not feel unsafe or felt that we had to look over our shoulder. Definitely a good place to start your discovery of beautiful San Francisco.	
Aug 4 2006 	agree with the july 21 and july 30 posts on this hotel	the best holiday inn express eveeeeer! Not exactly great praise, but it sums up this hotel.All the national chains and two of the major independents -- Argonaut and the Tuscan Inn (even though its technically a Best Western) are all within a few blocks of each other -- its hotel heaven -- so location probably isn't as importtant as it usally is.Amenities count more. So, if you value a free wine reception at 5 and a complimentary Financial Times, the Argonaut is for you.We thought a mini suite at $150 was for us, so we stayed here, The name is a misnomer -- the &quot;suite&quot; is really a fair size room, but with a frige, sink, and microwave.The hotel is new, and there are nice touches. The lobby is designed well and attractively and is actually nicer than the Marriott. The breakfast buffet is at the high end of the cheap category; usual continental items plus hot danish, but no made to order pancakes like the redidence inns, for example.the back of the hotel backs up to the F line street car, and you can hear it, but just barely. if thats an issue maybe ask for a courtyard room.	
Aug 1 2006 	Great Location!	We spent a wonderful weekend in San Francisco and stayed one night at the Holiday Inn Express (this hotel does not allow pets, the writer below confused it with the Holiday Inn which is older and does allow them). This property is new and spotlessly clean. We paid extra for a suite and our view was amazing. From our room we could see Alcatraz and part of the Bay. You are walking distance from everything at the Wharf and it is great to be so close (even for bathroom breaks). The parking is $32 but we rode the ferry from Vallejo and parked our van for free there. It was a great trip and I highly recommend it. The hotel may not be the fanciest but you can't beat the location and the price is about the best at the Wharf. The staff at the front desk were very friendly . The breakfast bar was great with a decent variety of food and of course those awesome Holiday Inn Express Cinnamon Rolls!	
Jul 30 2006 	A good place to stay...	Arrived July 23rd for a three night stay and overall we were very satisfied with our stay. We wanted lodging within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf/Pier 39 and selected the Holiday Inn Express and reading generally favorable reviews on this site. The location is great, convenient to the Wharf, Pier, Bay &amp; Alcatraz Tours, Ghiradelli Square, the Cannery, and the Cable Car line. The hotel does not have a pool or a restaurant but you can use the pool at the adjacant Holiday Inn, where there is also a Denny's Restaurant located.The hotel serves a continental breakfast in the lobby starting at 6:30 AM, consisting of cereal, fruit, pastries, hardboiled eggs, breads and a variety of beverages. We felt the selection was great, but don't sleep in late and expect to be able to eat because it closes at 9:30 AM.The stairs were hard to find and the elevators as slow as any we've ever been on, also the bathroom fan was rather noisy, but the room was clean and adequate for our needs.Aside from the rather high $32 daily parking fee, we felt the hotel was well worth the $110 nightly rate. We would definately stay here again.	
Jul 21 2006 	Ideal Place to Experience SF at the right price	I had looked into what hotel would best suit our needs in San Francisco for several months and decided on the Holiday Inn Express due to a combination of Location, Price, inclusion of buffet breakfast &amp; age of the actual property. With all this in mind me and my girlfriend were satisfied with our stay, not jumping for joy but happy.The location is great for the Wharf. There are around a dozen large hotel-chain properties all situated within an area of a few blocks so whether you stay at the HI Express, Sheraton, Hyatt, etc etc you'll more or less be staying in the same area. The main drawback is that the location is two blocks back from the Wharf area and the immediate vicinity isn't exactly a pleasant one. Pier 39 is a great place for a stroll, grab a meal and browse the shops. The area around the Cannery, Ghiradelli Square &amp; the Cable-Car turnaround is also nice. It's the few blocks in between these areas however that make the Wharf un-savoury. A concentration of very tacky souvenir stores and one-too-many colourful characters spoil the area although we still felt happy that we'd chose the Wharf as our base. We were originally planning a stay at the Westin on Union Square and whilst we saw that the hotel itself was very grand we weren't convinced that staying smack-bang in the centre of the city would have been a better option. Every one of the 4 days we spent in the city involved starting things off within ten minutes of our hotel - whether it be Alcatraz, a superb city tour or cycling over the GG Bridge. The major gripe we had with the area was how early everything closed on Pier 39. We expected to be able to browse the shops, etc after dinner each night but from 10pm onwards the whole area closes up and you're left with the choice of having a drink in one of the few restaurant bars or returning to your hotel.The hotel itself is very modern and spotlessly clean. Certainly no character and most of the rooms face into central courtyards but if it's a new hotel with good standards that you look for this hotel is ideal. The rooms weren't large but fine, especially for a city hotel and the shower, room temperature, furniture etc were all great, as was the buffet breakfast included in the price.All-in-all our 4 days in San Francisco were brilliant, taking in some memorable experiences. If you want a very clean, modern hotel and can get a good rate at the Holiday Inn Express I'd recommend staying here and using it as a base.NB - Some people mix up the adjacent Holiday Inn with the Express - the normal HI is a lot older and I'd definitely opt for the Express over it. We did like the look of the Sheraton however although all the hotels were similar in the area.	
Jul 19 2006 	Typical Holiday Inn	We spend 5 days at the hotel. We selected it because it was dog friendly and reasonably priced for the area. The staff are inconsistent - some were great, others need to get another job. The facilities are older but good, but the beds are rock hard and the pillows about the same - after 5 days, needed a chiropractor. Its a good location for dogs because of the small park next door, but beware the homeless who sleep there. Most ignored us, but some were persistent until we walked off. Its a good jump off for the trolley and a great walk through the Fort, etc. But it is cold! We live at the top of a mountain in Colorado, but this is a piercing cold amplified by the wind and the fog. Plenty of restaurants, but all priced to take your last dollar.. do try Boudin's though - good combination of service, food, and cost.	
Jul 15 2006	Good hotel	Agree with everything the last reviewer said. I thought we were the only family who thought that Fishermans Wharf was a tacky Blackpool. Every time we left the hotel we were harassed for money by very dodgy looking people! I would not walk back to this hotel in the dark! Beware San Francisco is also very cold and Foggy so bring a warm sweatshirt! Although generally dissappionted with what San Franciso had to offer this hotel is very good, the family room was comfortable and clean and the facilities great, although the staff were less than helpful.	
Jul 7 2006	Its all been said before but heres my bit...	Yep, have to agree with the majority of the reviews, this is a great hotel and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a mid-priced stay in San Francisco. The rooms are clean, modern and good sized, with all the expected amenities. There is a great buffet breakfast included in the rate, where you can help yourselves to cereal, donuts, muffins, toast (English people beware of the american's evil sweetened bread, its manky) juice, coffee and warm cinnamon buns (mmm cakes for breakfast, who needs a fryup)Have to give it 4 and not 5 because it is let down by being too close to the hideous tacky tourist trap of fishermans wharf. It is convenient for all things touristy so I would have no problem staying here again, its close to cable cars, f-line, some useful bus routes and walking distance of most central places and felt safe at night, but just round the corner it gets so tacky. Its full of nasty souvenier shops (think Blackpool) overpriced, lousy restaurants (ok so didnt try them all but..) and scruffy buildings and parking lots. Not sure what the appeal is to any of those suckers filling the sidewalks, yuk!Still, dont let that put you off this hotel, just please dont spend too much time thinking fishermans wharf is all there is of San Francisco.	
May 15 2006 	Great place to stay good location	we stayed there for a long weekend and had a good time. the staff was friendly, service was excellent and they offered this great breakfast. valet parking was also ok. the rooms are a little small, but who cares, if you are here for sightseeing? they were clean and well equipped. if you like to be near the pier or cable car - this should be your first choice!	
May 15 2006	Greatest Stay Ever	My wife and I visited from Winnipeg, Manitoba ,Canada, from May 5, 2006 until May 12,2006 and stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Fisherman's Wharf. We had an unbelievable stay at this hotel. We could not be more pleased with the room (overlooking the wharf) or the hotel front desk staff. They were all &quot;A 1&quot; to us and could not be more helpful with anything we asked. Everything was within walking distance of attrations and restuarants. We will be returning to San Fran in the near future and would be requesting to stay at this great hotel.	
May 10 2006	For safety sake do not stay here!	Do not stay here if you value your safety! We were constantly harassed in front of the hotel as soon as we left the hotel, and we had items stolen from our room. The staff showed no concern for these problems, and didn't do anything about them!Why stay where they do not value your business. There are many alternatives, closer to Pier 39, such as the Radisson and Wharf Inn.	
May 9 2006	Well Done Holiday Inn	We flew virgin to San Francisco, this was ok however the last time we flew State side we flew with United (Much More Professional and accommodating). Fishermans Wharf was ok as a base and for what it is the Express was first class. Good sized room and well looked after by the staff, the location is just about right for exploring we walked back from union square a couple of times, the yanks thought us mad but we English dont mind walking a few miles, on a warm spring day. The muni transport system is first class, our transport systems could learn a thing or two. All in all I would stay here again, oh and my wife thought it just right for the world famous chocolate factory, and their amazing sundaes	
May 8 2006	What a great place to stay in at Fisherman's Wharf	We stayed at this hotel before starting a cruise out of San Francisco. I did a lot of research to find a reasonably priced hotel as well as being in a great location. We certainly picked the right one. The location could not be greater - within a block of Fisherman's Wharf, the rooms and public areas are very, very clean. The reception staff could not be more helpful. A big bonus is the continental breakfast buffet. They have boiled eggs, warm sticky buns, all kinds of juices, muffins, cereals, yogurt and of course coffee or tea. This buffet is way superior to any of the other continental breakfasts we have had in the past.While checking out, I asked whether we could keep our luggage there for the day when returning from our cruise since our plane did not leave till 10:00 that night, and again was pleasantly surprised that we could. I am in the travel business and will always recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to San Francisco and when we come back again, we certainly will stay here again. Thanks for a great experience.	
May 3 2006	Bloody great!	Really great location and really clean, good size room.This hotel offers great friendly service, in a truly fantastic location, a stones throw from the action and bars of the local piers.Double beds in a twin room ...	
May 1 2006	Great location	This was our first visit to San Francisco and we chose this hotel because of the good reviews and also the price that we got from the hotel website. The location of this hotel was fantastic - just a few minutes walk to Fishermans Wharf and all its sights. It is close to many restaurant and the Hyatt Sports bar across the road serves a very decent burger and cold beer. It is also close to the two cable-car turning points at the Wharf and so makes it very easy to get to other areas including Union Square. Our room was very clean and was a decent size. There was no view from the room but then we weren't there to look out of our hotel window. The free breakfast was excellent and was just what we needed to set us up for the day. The area did get quite busy but we didn't have a problem getting a seat. We thought that Fishermans Wharf was a great place to stay especially for a first visit to San Francisco. We would definitely recommend a visit to Bubba Gumps at Pier 39 for dinner and a city tour on a trolley bus. We will definitely book to stay there again.	
Apr 20 2006	GREAT GREAT GREAT	ABSOLUTELY fantastic stay......everything about this hotel is excellent. Would stay again, wouldn't bother looking around at others. This has best location, service, quality, comfort that you could ask for. Thanks to the team at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco	
Apr 17 2006	Best vacation ever!	Not having ever been to San Francisco, we reviewed all the hotels before choosing Holiday Inn Express. It was a great choice for our 4 nights. My husband and two children (ages 9 and 12)loved the location. The hotel was very clean, safe, affordable, and had no surprises. The staff was friendly and let us store our luggage after check-out until our flight that night. The breakfast and mini suite helped us save money to spend on activities. The only suggestion was my kids would have liked cable with children's programming and an indoor pool. We were able to go to Alcatraz, tour Chinatown, and bike across the Golden Gate bridge and return to the hotel to rest before the next activity. The bus schedule was easy to use when we ventured away from the wharf (thanks in part to the computer in the lobby). We had a wonderful time and would definitely stay at Holiday Inn Express again.	
Apr 11 2006	Excellent value hotel	We arrived at the hotel with our 2 teenage sons after a long flight from the Uk only to find our room was not ready. What could have been a dreadful start to our holiday was saved by the prompt attention of the reception staff who not ony found us another room without delay but upgraded us to a suite! We spent a very enjoyable 3 nights at the hotel &amp; cannot fault it for comfort, location &amp; staff. Anyone looking to stay on San Francisco on a budget should look at this hotel.	
Apr 9 2006	OK hotel. Location good.	Stayed for 4 nights as part of a 2-week trip to California. Room was quite large with a nice bathroom and clean. Breakfast was good and had a reasonably wide choice - though was busy and had paper plates etc. Location was close to Fisherman's Wharf the Mason cable car stop (much less busy tthan the other main route to downtown) and the tram F route. So easy to get most places pretty quickly and plenty to do within a 10 minute walk. Only downside was our view - which was of a bland and undecorated interior courtyard within the hotel. But overall very good value for the location. We paid around 40 per night on a package with UK Air Miles.	
Apr 1 2006	Reliably comfortable clean good service un a good location!	We stayed for 3 nights at this hotel in fisherman's wharf, but what I didn't know is that there is no view of the wharf here at all!I was expecting my 3 year old to be able to watch the goings-on at the wharf but couldn't do that!It was very close to the wharf though, without much noise at all.Because it is a Holiday Inn, it is reliable comfortable, clean, and what you would expect a good hotel would be here in the states. Try looking for this standard in Europe and you would expect to pay much more! This hotel tries hard to keep up with all the conveniences and it succeeds. This is a GOOD hotel!The only thing I might add is it is a bit pricey. It could be because of the location. I would still recommend it if you don't need a good view. Otherwise be prepared to pay a lot more.Another thing, there is no refrigerator in the room, which was surprising to me!Not good if you need it to store formula, etc. for a baby! But overall we had a good stay at this hotel.	
Mar 31 2006	excellent low cost base	stayed here for 4 nights March 19th - March 23rd on our way to Hawaii. Clean and large room with kitchenette. Excellent breakfast buffet. Freindly staff. Location ideal only minutes walk to fishermans wharf, cable cars and streetcar terminus. Lots of buses about too but never used them stuck to cable and streetcars. Would stay again if returned to San Francisco.	
Mar 30 2006	Fine hotel rip-off parking horrible area	This hotel was comfortable and moderately priced for the area. Stayed here for four days. The Fisherman's Wharf area is a seedy tourist trap. The local restaurants are like factories, shunting tourists in and out on the production line as fast as possible. I found the service in these places universally horrible. However, if you head north on the sea front towards the Golden Gate bridge you can have a pleasant two mile walk and end up at the Exploratorium in the Palace of Fine Arts -- well worth a visit.Back to the hotel -- the biggest negative was 32 dollars (plus tax) daily for parking. Otherwise, rooms were comfortable and well appointed.	
Mar 28 2006	Great anchor in San Francisco	The hotel and staff were wonderful. Our rooms were exactly as ordered and met our needs. The location is great for walking to tourist areas. Parking fee of $32 was a bit steep but competitive for the area. Highly recommend this facility to others.	
Mar 23 2006	Comfortable but completely depressing decoration	Don't stay here if you're looking for a romantic getaway.This hotel is weird. The reception area is decorated in funky red and blue with modern furnishings and lighting. The bedrooms, however, are decorated in various shades of green and beige with matt finishes that make the room drab. Most rooms (except for family suites) face a &quot;courtyard&quot; which is small enough that you can see straight across into the opposite room. But, if you're there just to sleep, the beds are super comfortable and bathroom is well appointed with a nice long bath and plenty of towels.Breakfast is generous but hardly healthy and the eating area can get busy and noisey at peak times. Trays are provided so there is nothing stopping you taking breakfast back to your room. The staff were friendly enough and the area is safe for walking around at night. I would probably shop around before I stayed here again. The room was too average for the price.	
Mar 15 2006	Nice disposable hotel poor area	This hotel has good desk service. It also offers free internet access. It is a nice frill-free place to stay and shares its facilities with the Holiday Inn immediately adjacent. Local attractions include Alcatraz, a submarine tour and a Liberty boat tour.Breakfast is a help yourself buffet which consists mainly of bread products and jam, doughnuts, pastries etc. although they do offer apples, oranges and bananas. It must all be eaten off disposable plates and trays so don't expect to see any china.It is reasonably placed to catch the two tourist cable-cars and the boat to Alcatraz, but otherwise Fisherman's Wharf is a horrible collection of downmarket shops. Pier 39 seems to be more famous for the way it obtained planning permission than anything on the pier.In March it is a windswept and cold collection of downmarket shops. I recommend that you stay in a different area of SF and travel to Fisherman's Wharf. The HI Express doesn't disappoint but it is a poor base to explore San Francisco.	
Mar 4 2006	Fab at the Fisherman's	If you have a young child and are going to San Franciso, the holiday Inn at Fisherman's walk should suit.The hotel has an outside pool and you are in flat 1 minute walking distance from all the attractions at Fisherman's Wharf, with its bars, restaurants, and boat trips to Alcartraz. Also, the area is flat so no hills to push a buggy up. Very close to the main tram station into San Francisco. We booked with Virgin and they were perfect picking us up from the airport in a limosinine for no extra cost and the whole trip was effortless thanks to the very helpful staff on the plane.	
Feb 21 2006	Great Hotel Value With a Great Locaion	My wife and I spent the weekend and were very pleased. The staff were friendly and the hotel clean and comfortable. Yes, this is a basic hotel, and yes the rooms are a bit small. We spent very little time in the room so it was perfect for us. Walking distance to 2 cable car lines, the F-line and the warf. Breakfast was good enough. For the price, I would definately return and would consider it great for the kids too.TIP: We took the BART from SFO to the embarcadero station (30 min) for $5.15 per person and the F-line to its last stop (15 min) for $1.50 each. The hotel is 1 block from the stop. Taxi fare would be about $50 and would not be much quicker. Save the $35+ for dinner!	
Feb 19 2006	Great place to stay.	Great location - right around the corner from San Francisco's #1 tourist atttraction - Fisherman's Wharf. Pier 39, sighseeing tours, cable car and tramway's stops are right there. You'll be able to get easily to the Union Square (downtown), BART stations, all the piers and many sighseeing spots ( crooked Lombard St, Coit Tower, Columbus St with tons of restaurants (Stinking Rose is great!, Cannery with shops and restaurants and many many more by foot or a quick ride on many of SF's public transportation choices. We had an upgrade to the Executive floor witha veiw of the Bay and Alcatraz. The room was great - clean and spacious. The staff was nice. We had no problems whatsoever. Highly recommend this place if you have no Ritz-Carlton expectations.	
Feb 14 2006	Very Basic	This is considered a 3 star hotel, but I feel it's more of a 2 star. Remember this is an express hotel, which means it has no restaurant on site, no room service, no bar area, etc. It has the basic necessities you need. Here are a few details about the hotel itself.*The room and bathroom were very small, but clean*It's a newer hotel*Free continental breakfast-excellent if you are taking children*Great location-walking distance to all the tourist attractions	
Jan 28 2006	Loved the Holiday Inn	We were most impressed with this hotel after having spent four days there with our two teenage daughters. It is within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf yet far enough away from the hustle and bustle. The rooms, service and staff were great and this is basically a new and modern hotel. The free breakfast was more than adequate for Australian tastes and took away the stress of having to find decent food early in the morning. We took the limousine service to the airport and this was cheaper than taking a shuttle or taxi. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 20 2006	We Loved it	Perfectly situated, beautiful room, decent breakfast and what a city!This was a lovely hotel and my whole family, seven of us aged 6-68, spent a wonderful four days there last summer. I miss it like crazy and would, without hesitation, return.Why not 5 stars? Only two toasters in the breakfast room between dozens of us.	
Dec 30 2005	Basic but OK	This hotel was a great base for the holiday. It was a bit basic, but the service was friendly and was very clean. Breakfast was included in the price, and there was an average selection of items. The loaction was great, with only a short walk to both the tram stops and Fishermans Wharf. Overall, it was good at the price.	
Dec 10 2005	Nice visit overall	Overall I really liked this hotel....It seems really nice and clean. Just a couple of suggestions and comments. You might want to ask for a room not near the street. In the early morning you could hear the rail cars go by your window. That was a bit annoying. I think even more because the hotel didn't seem busy, so you wonder why they put you there? We had one other problem-the heater didn't seem to work well. I reported it to the hotel but nothing was ever done about it. I just called housekeeping for more blankets. Oh, I didn't like not having bars of soap. The front desk says you are supposed to wash you hands with the gel labeled scrub. All the other Holiday Inn Express' we have stayed at had bars of soap, but anyhow maybe just a small issue. The free breakfast in the morning was a big plus in the rate, except I've seen better selections at other Holiday Inn Express'we have stayed at. I didn't like the big bins of cereal. They had these scoops inside and people put their hands inside to scoop the cereal out. I thought that was unsanitary so we skipped the cereal. They didn't have any hot tea or bagels so we were not happy about that either. I would probably stay there just for the location. We really like Fishermans Wharf and it was walking distance from the hotel.	
Dec 1 2005 	Great for business or pleasure trip	I stayed in this hotel for a combined business / pleasure trip, and found it great for both. They provide all the services you need to complete tasks with minimal stress, but never descend into that smarmy brown-nosing found in so many &quot;high-end&quot; hotels. Also, it's located within easy walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf &amp; Pier 39 (go see the sea lions!), so I had lots of fun during my off hours. Another plus: it's located on the streetcar line, so you can access public transport easily.	
Nov 30 2005	Great hotel and perfect location	We stayed 3 nights in this hotel and would highly recommend it if you want to visit San Francisco on your own as it has a perfect location near Fisherman's wharf and the end of the cable cars lines!Rooms were big and clean and the breakfast was one of the best we had during our stay in the USA	
Nov 26 2005	A great city hotel highly reccommended!	We travelled from the U.K. and chose to stay at the Holiday Inn Express Fishermans Wharf for 4 nights at then end of October 05. If you are looking for a great location near the wharf and good value for money, you must try this hotel.We were allocated a ground floor room, which had a large king bed, all the expected room amenities and a modern bathroom with a powerful shower. The complimentary breakfast buffet catered for most tastes, providing pastries, muffins, cereals, toast, juice, hot drinks etc. The seating area was sufficient during our stay, but may be overcrowded at peak holiday periods.There was also complimentary internet access in the lobby, parking if required for a fee, pay phones, small gym etc.Location was great, minutes from Pier39 and a fab little deli in the Cannery. The Hyatt hotel's sports bar was also only across the road and a Denny's just at the corner.I couldn't fault this hotel, they have clearly thought about visitor needs and provided for them, I I would definetly stay at this hotel again. Highly reccommended!!	
Nov 20 2005	lovely stay	Stayed here for 3 nights and had a lovely time. Room was spacious and clean, only downside was the shower wasn't great. Staff friendly and complimentary breakfast every morning was brilliant.Hotel close to Pier 39 - fun to watch the sealions here! boat trips under golden gate bridge and to alcatraz - all highly reccommended. Walk to Lombard street was something else - tiring but well worth the view when you get to the top!! take the tram back down for fun! Getting around was easy and plenty of places to eat and drink - even if you don't eat/like seafood! If we go back to San Francisco we would choose this hotel again. Catherine and Stewart, Scotland.	
Nov 15 2005	Made Our Stay Special	I made reservations at the Holiday Inn Express on Beach Street, beacuse my sister and I wanted to be in the Wharf Area and it was my sister's birthday. The hotel is in a great location.. across from the Hyatt Hotel. A block from public transportation, parking is expensive, but why bring a car if you are visiting the City and Wharf area.We used the Super Shuttle from the airport. Good service..cost was $15.00 one way.The hotel staff made us feel welcome even though we arrived early. The front desk personnel, I think his name is Joseph was just the kindness person when we checked in.. the hotel also had a bag of chocolates waiting for my sister after we checked into our room. Comp. breakfast is good, room is clean, and there is free internet service. I would stay here again.	
Oct 25 2005	If you like to sleep go elsewhere	Room was very nice but if you like to have a good night's sleep whilst you are travelling, make sure you don't end up with rooms overlooking the Denny's delivery bay at this hotel. Deliveries arriving at all hours of the night, ie we were awoken several nights in a row at 3:00 am by staff unloading and thumping boxes of cheese etc around the floor. The garbage truck arrived at 6:00 am. The paper delivery boy literally slapped the papers down outside each room early every morning, you could hear him all the way down the corridor as each bundle of papers hit the floor. A well known airline/holiday company regard this as their flagship hotel in San Francisco. I think not.	
Oct 18 2005	Great Hotel High Parking Fee!	I am writing this while on my honeymoon, staying at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf location in San Francisco, CA. I have several great points to bring out, but one bad point...I read the reviews prior to going...after having booked the hotel thru my travel agent. I was concerned about the notes from previous travels about the concierge's lack of service (male concierge). Ok, I called on Wednesday to have flowers delivered to our room. The female concierge was VERY GREAT, got the flowers ordered. They weren't in the room when we arrived as I didn't have a room &quot;blocked&quot;..but she was great and got bellboy to get them to the room before my wife saw them!!! And very helpful! Must have corrected that problem...The rooms were great (we took reviewer's advice and upgraded to 5th floor). Great view out window of wharf area. Great location..staff very friendly!! Go eat across the street at Pergamino's for breakfast! EXCELLENT (and a LOT cheaper than the hotel's $18.00/person buffet!!) We've walked everywhere nearby..great location!Now..bad side..the parking is NOT FREE!!! It's $36.00 A DAY FOR PARKING!!! So, you're hosed if you rented a car...but you really don't need to rent a car if you are staying here for your stay..AND, get the 1 or 3 day transit passes..allows unlimited rides on cable cars, buses, streetcars...all for $11/day!!!! One final note..take the Fire Engine tour..it's at the NE corner of the hotel property near the Cannery..great 75 minute tour of Presido, Golden Gate Bridge, downtown area..very friendly and great time!	
Oct 11 2005	Great place to stay	I had read a lot of reviews on this website to help decide where to stay in San Francisco so I thought I would offer some feedback of my own. My wife and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Sept 15-22 and thought it was a great place to stay. This was our first visit to San Francisco and we did lots of sightseeing and tourist stuff. We liked the hotel mainly because of the location, close to Fisherman's Wharf, cable cars, bus stops and shopping. The Hotel was very clean, modern, quiet at night and the continental breakfast was a great way to start the day. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We had booked 3 sightseeing tours with Super Sightseeing Tours and enjoyed them very much. Their office is less than 1/2 a block from the Hotel main entrance. There are lots of restaurants near the Hotel and we especially enjoyed Scoma's for great seafood. I would definetely recommend this Hotel. We felt very safe in the area and there is plenty to see and do within walking distance.	
Oct 5 2005	Excellent Choice	This hotel was in a great location. It had a modern, new feel and was extremely clean. The actual rooms were also clean and rather spacious. The maids did an excellent job. The room came with free broadband internet which is rare in a lot of U.S hotels. The rooms were quiet, we didn't get disturbed once. Very comfortable beds which must have been fairly new. The En-suite was also clean and had a very good shower (most important thing in the morning!)The maids always said hello with a smile as did the front desk staff which made the whole stay so much nicer. The breakfast was a suprise for us as we didn't realise it came included. There was a huge selection to choose from. Donuts, cereals, choice of breads, croissants, muffins, boiled eggs, warm cinnamon pastries, fruit and juice. It was all fresh and regularly filled up. It was a real added bonus.All in all the whole stay was brilliant and I would not hesistate to recommend this excellent hotel to anyone.	
Sep 26 2005	great location	Wife and I stayed 9/24/05, Clean,comfortable and within walking distance to wharf, cable cars and many local attractions. Very nice room,bed and free breakfeast that was better than other expresses we have stayed at. Staff was very helpful with directions and local ideas. Parking was expensive but very convenient. Got an early checkin time and a free upgrade!! I must be living right. Got a great price thru internet HI site. Would strongley recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 21 2005	Very Clean quiet new and close to Fisherman's Wharf	My wife and I spent 4 nights here while visiting San Francisco. I had read the reviews before we made our reservations. This is a very clean and much newer place than the other Holiday Inn down the street. The location is excellent with an easy walk to anything including cable cars and restaurants. The room was very nice and quiet. The complimentary breakfast was great and very filling. I would highly recommend this to anyone traveling to San Francisco and wanting to stay in a hotel near Fisherman's Wharf. Note --- read restaurant reviews before you try something new as we had a poor experience at one restaurant in the North Beach District. This may have been a fluke but who knows --- read on --- My wife and I visited San Francisco week of 9/12/05 and had a wonderful time. We decided to eat at Figaro's for dinner. This decision was based on nothing more than trying something new. We expected a decent and filling meal and ended up with the complete opposite. The restaurant did not have many patrons as the neighboring restaurants - that should have been our first indication - We ordered and while the service was ok - not many patrons to serve - the food was the absolute worse food I have ever had at an Italian restaurant. The bread basket was made up of dried bread on a used napkin (probably the same basket from another table). I ordered chicken parmisan. The chicken was one small piece that tasted like a dried out side of anything other than chicken and the pasta/sauce was cold. My wife's dinner wasn't any better. $40 later and very dissapointed. Ended up walking around to Fisherman's Wharf and stopped for a quick McDonald's. I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone.	
Sep 20 2005	Enjoyed my stay!	This hotel was an excellent choice. The rooms were very clean and well kept, and cozy. It's very near to shopping and attractions. Staff were very friendly and the included continental breakfast was very good! I would definately stay here again!	
Sep 18 2005	Very Good Location	Stayed at this hotel for four nights 1st-4th September and it was OK! Great location just around the corner from all attractions the pier 39, the boats to Alcatraz all the resturants etc. The hotel was comfortable but not that nice, a bit grey and dismal looking no bar or resturant however the included breakfast was very good, slightly a bit of a free for all but very nice pastries and croissants etc. Not much elce to stay about the hotel really but it was clean and tidy and a great base for going around San Francisco. I hope this has been helpful but if you would like anymore info then plean email me ... carina.gordon@ntlworld.com.	
Sep 10 2005	Excellent location but not much else	Great location within easy walking distace to cable car and pier 39.Dark rooms with grey wallpaper no view at all looking out onto an inner void of other rooms. Free breakfast was a free for all with everything running out quickly no matter what time you went. Hotel parking is very pricey at $30 per night but better than nearby car parks.	
Sep 9 2005	Nice	We stayed here for the first 2 nights of a 12 day vacation from San Francisco to LA. The location is excellent. We could walk to the cable cars, the wharf, Ghiradelli Square, Lombard St........pretty much anything we wanted to.Our room was on the inside of the hotel....we looked out to a &quot;courtyard&quot;. No street noise, but it would have been nice to have the room with a view of Alcatraz!The shower was awesome. Nice bathroom, towels, lots of room. When we first got to our room, I asked a housekeeper for additional pillows and a blanket. He had it to us in less than 10 minutes! Many places we've stayed at take forever to get you these items, if they even have them.The only thing I would recommend here is new beds. They were small (full)....queens would be much nicer, and they were not very firm.Breakfast was included each morning which had been a deciding factor for us. One less meal to pay for in a pretty expensive town! It was very good, with lots of choices including hard boiled eggs, cereals, cinnamon rolls, etc.... Lobby and breakfast room was always full, but the staff kept up with refills and were very friendly. Such a treat to have a smiling face in the morning!! It was fun to be in the midst of so many other travelers each morning. In fact, we met up with someone from our hometown who just raved about the hotel also! Front desk staff was very helpful with questions and directions. No problems with checking in or out. We inquired about an upgrade to a suite and were told that none were available, but she quickly offered to supply us with a refrigerator or cot if needed. On another note, we would highly recommend the night tour of Alcatraz. It was awesome! Make sure to bring a warm jacket and if you go on the earlier of the 2 tours (6:20), you are allowed to stay later and take the last ferry back, giving you more time to take in the &quot;extras&quot; that are offered with only the night tours.Would stay again.....especially if they upgraded the beds!!	
Sep 3 2005	Good value in the Wharf	Good value for money - big comfortable rooms, friendly staff, free internet in the lobby and an ok breakfast. Full of tour parties but no noise from adjacent rooms. I had a room facing the road but the soundproofing was good, although I was moved from a room on the other side as the noise from the trolley/streetcar (aka tram to Europeans) was more than audible 4 floors up. Would stay here again.	
Aug 18 2005	Nice Hotel that is Not the Holiday Inn	Some folks have posted their opinions of what I think may be the Holiday Inn. The Holiday Inn Express is directly next door to a building that is part of the Holiday Inn, but they are NOT the same hotel. The HI Express has 4 floors, not 5 and no pool. This was my second stay and it was just as nice as the first. Our room was very clean and the free breakfast was ample--unlike some other places they quickly replenish items if they start running out. We stayed in a minisuite facing Beach St. and it was very quiet--we could even see Alcatraz from our room. the hotel is safe, nicely decorated and clean. You can't beat the location if you want to be on Fisherman's Wharf. There are lots of public transportation options nearby and you can easily walk to North Beach or to Ghirardelli Square. Overall this is a good value particularly for the area. In the past I've found that the front desk staff can be somewhat unpleasant but did not have any issues with them this time. Actually the front desk clerk called a limousine for us to take to the airport--we had a private car with plenty of room for less than the cost of a taxi.	
Aug 17 2005	Great Location	Stayed here for 3 nights at the end of our family trip to the USA - 2 adults &amp; 2 children.Location wise the hotel is great. Check in staff were very helpful and friendly. Room was clean and tidy, not huge but big enough for the four of us. On site parking, because we were with Virgin, was free (and very secure).Had read about the noise at night outside being an issue from other posts on here, but have to say we had no problems whatsoever.Two minutes from the hotel is the old 1940's tram system which will take you for a $1.25 fare all the way to downtown and back. Alternatively the cable car stop is also a couple of minutes away. Fisherman's Wharf itself is a little overrated, but the city has so many other things to see and do, that it is as good a base as anywhere to stay.Would I stay at the hotel again?...... Yes as it's safe, secure and in a good location	
Aug 10 2005 	nice and messy	The location is great, the staff is very polite and be sure to deal in particular with Maria. The only unconfortable thing is that the hotel is divided into two buildings and even if you check in in one you could then finish in the second one. No problem, but ask for a room not facing the surrounding streets, which are crowdy 24/7. Ask for a key to have access to the fifth floor of the main building where you will have two PCs connected to internet and to a printer waiting for you (the business center). The hotel is always very crowdy as well.	
Aug 1 2005	Excellent Hotel	My family and I recently spent 5 days at the Holiday Inn Express Fishermans Wharf, and loved it. The room was a junior suite and was very comfortable , two double beds, a couch, bay window, desk and a spacious bathroom. Great shower, great big thick towels. and the suites come with a small fridge, microwave and wet bar. Complimentary continental breakfast every morning with fruit, doughnuts, bagels, cereal, sweet rolls, juices, coffee, teas, milk. They provide trays if you want to take the food up to your room. Great set-up. Front desk staff was everything you would want them to be. Knowledgable, professional, and really friendly. Only a couple of complaints during our stay. One time we returned to our room and it smelled strongly of cigarrette smoke, and one time we returned from a day out and about and our door was ajar. The maid hadn't closed it. But I guess that's a testament to the hotel and to San Francisco, because everything was in its place. The room above ours was a smoking room, so the smell must have come throught the venting system. Other than those two things, everything was perfect. Great location too, close to everything we wanted to do and see. We would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 24 2005	Very nice hotel	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express and Suites for 4 nights from 7/1/5 to 7/5/5. We were in a mini suite on the third floor with a view across to the Hyatt Hotel. There was very minimal noise from the road below.I spent a lot of time looking for a hotel in San Francisco and i wasnt disappointed with my pick at this hotel.The rooms were large and well set out. A new modern hotel. Quiet rooms. However, the air conditioning was loud and would turn on and off when it reached the temperature which was noisy at night.The bathroom was spacious and the daily complimentary breakfast was plentiful.The staff were also friendly. The location is great. Only a few minutes walk to Fishermans Wharf, any closer and you would get all the traffic and pedestrian noise from the Wharf. So the location was just right.I would recommend this hotel.We did several tours which i would also recommend:Alcatraz, Motorised Cable Car tour (2 1/2 hours), Cable Cars to Union Square, Pier 39 is great, but remember because of the location the restaurants are expensive. However there is great food, shopping and entertainment at Pier 39.The Holiday Inn is next door and we had a lovely buffet 4th of July dinner there, and if you miss out on the complimentary breakfast you can take a voucher over to the Holiday inn and get 50% off a full buffet breakfast which we took advantage of on one occasion when we slept in.A very nice hotel and we would defenitely stay here again.	
Jul 24 2005	Great Location	Just returned from a driving holiday in California with San Francisco as the starting point. Found Holiday Inn Express through TripAdvisor and, based on the reviews, booked over the internet. Hotel is clean, comfortable and in great position, close to or within easy walking distance of everything, not only Fisherman's Wharf but also China Town and the large central shopping area in the City. Found staff at the hotel to be courteous and helpful.Apart from the obvious enjoyment of visiting Alcatraz and the other tourist attractions, one of the most pleasant memories will be of the gentleman who serenaded us and others waiting to board a morning Trolley at the Fisherman's Wharf terminus. A mellow personality with a wonderful voice that carried you back to the flower power days!Would happily recommend this Holiday Inn to anyone wanting a reasonable price, great location and the bonus of a good breakfast buffet to start the sightseeing day.Our stay provided a pleasant springboard for what proved to be a wonderful holiday.	
Jul 10 2005	Good value good location	Arrived late evening and were checked in by an incredibly surly member of staff. However all the other staff were extremely pleasant and very, very helpful indeed. Room was clean and comfortable but with no view. Free breakfast very substantial and items constantly replenished. Were only there for 3 nights but thoroughly enjoyed a 3 1/2 hour tour of the city with Tower Coach tours one day and also a memorable seaplane tour over San Francisco bay on the next. Would definitely return to this hotel because of it's good value and location.	
Jul 6 2005	Good Value hotel	This hotel was great, it's in a good position close to fishermans wharf and the complimentary breakfast was excellent with varied choices, cereals, toast, muffins, doughnuts, fruit and a choice of beverages. The rooms are clean and modern and the staff are friendly - always willing to help. We had some good weather and used the pool at the sister hotel a couple of minutes away. A good choice and I would stay here again.	
Jun 5 2005	Excellent Value - Great Location	We stayed here on our first night arriving from England after a long flight. The rooms were great and the location was excellent. Nearby to Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39.The staff were very friendly an helpful. Especially as my case had been left behind in Chicago by the airline!The free internet access was an added bonus, as we were able to email family and friends back home and do a little research on the other places we were visiting.The breakfast was very nice and constantly being replaced as items were eaten.The hotel has a very nice lobby and has an above average feel to the place.We would recommend this hotel if you want excellent value, great location and friendly service.	
Jun 3 2005	OK for the price	This is an OK hotel if you're on a budget. It's very near Fisherman's Wharf which is great. The rooms are extremely basic and the staff are surly at best so the less time you spend in the hotel the better! If you're looking for a cheap place to rest your head I guess you could do worse.	
Jun 3 2005	Amazing staff and great place	After booking the holiday inn for part of our honeymoon we were expecting middle of the road- but this particular one was amazing. The amenties provided were top class, the place was immaculate- but most of all the staff were amazing- particularly Brandy who worked on reception- she treated everyone like she was in a 5 star hotel. I dont think i have ever stayed anywhere that treated me so well-even 5 star hotels arent normally this friendly and polite!!!	
May 24 2005	Great for the price!	Within walking distance to wharf. Very economical considering prices of other hotels nearby. Continental breakfast is more than just donuts and coffee but cereal, fresh fruit, muffins, juice, etc..and is included in price. Front desk was very helpful w/directions and transportation. Rooms are cute &amp; clean w/HBO. Only 2 flaws I could find was 1.)most rooms don't have a view. But, if you're not in your hotel, or don't mind walking 2 blocks to the wharf, it's not an issue and 2)any San Fran hotel is going to cost you $30/day in parking but you're so close to cable cars, wharf, &amp; busses that we didn't need a car for our stay.	
May 20 2005	great location	Great location! Close to lots of tourist attractions and accessable to lots more! We walked to Russian Hill (Lombard Street), Coit Tower, Nob Hill, Palace of Fine Arts (a bit far). Caught the ferry to Alcatraz and Sausalito. We used the F-train a lot to get into town. Travelling with my daughter and we felt safe at all times.	
May 8 2005	Great location for tourists	Great location for Fishermans Wharf, trolley bus terminus, pier 39 (Alcatraz trip) Ghiradelli square, and the Golden Gate bridge on a tour. Lots of seafood restaurants and shops. You can get anywhere from here, we even walked from Coit tower, so I would recommend staying here more than in the city itself. Watch out for the hotel of the same name 2 blocks down as we were sent to the wrong hotel and wasted time trying to explain which hotel we were staying in! The room was clean and comfortable, staff helpful. The free continental breakfast (no hot food) was good with lots of choice of cereals, toast, boiled eggs, fruit, and great donuts and muffins.	
Apr 27 2005	Great Place	Just returned from staying at the Holiday Inn Express (April 23-27/05). GREAT VALUE. Perfect location, clean &amp; quiet rooms, comfy beds, and the free breakfast was plentiful (cinnamon buns are great!). The location is so convenient. Make sure you go to Scomas for seafood (the lobster bisque is the best EVER! ) and the Crab House at Pier 39. Also at the Pier 39 is a spa that has an 'aqua massage' ($15 for 10 mins) that is soooooooo good. Its up on the top level. And don't forget Buena Vista pub for an Irish Coffee before calling it a night.........sooo good! Can't wait to go back.	
Apr 26 2005	Three great days 	We stayed for three nights here from 11th April 2005. Had a corner room with 2 Queen beds - 2 adults and 2 children - was fine. Room was very clean and comfortable with good tv and bathroom facilities. Hotel itself was superior to adjoining Holiday Inn - and cheaper too. Ideally located for trams and all Fisherman's Wharf/Pier 39/Alcatraz facilities - within short walking distance. Plenty of restaurants nearby too. Inclusive continental breakfast plentiful and good quality.All in all a good hotel - with helpful staff and free internet access in lobby too. Would most definately recommend it and use again.	
Apr 17 2005	Holiday Inn Express Fisherman's Wharf just OK	The 1 king-size bed room was small. Finding a space on the floor for my 13-year-old son was a challenge. (We originally ordered a roll-a-way. Forget it. No place to put it.) Clean. Complimentary Continental breakfast with many foods is a plus. Parking is $30/night, but instead we parked overnight at garage on Hyde, just south of North Point for $20.  Very convenient to the cable-car to downtown.	
Apr 17 2005	Much nicer than expected	Perfect location. Would stay again. Hotel was fairly new and very pleasant. The rooms were good size, comfortable, and stylish. The Continental Breakfast was quick and convenient. The cinnamon rolls were a family favorite! Excellent value.	
Mar 27 2005	Would definitely stay here again	Stayed here for 4 nights during spring break (March 2005) in a junior suite which includes microwave and mini-frig. There is a Safeway close by so we packed our lunches everyday and toted around our own soda which saved money. The room was wonderful and quiet even though we had a room overlooking a street and a parking lot. The location is great being near the Wharf, plus near the cable cars and several buses. The biggest downside was the breakfast bar was packed to capacity every morning, probably because there were 170 kids in two groups on Spring Break trips. That meant we had often had to watch like hawks to get a table and many people didn't have a clue about how to clean up after themselves. However, the breakfasts were great with doughnuts, hard-boiled eggs, fresh fruit, hot cinnamon buns, cereal, and toast/English muffins. There also isn't a laundry facility onsite so we had to go next door to the Holiday Inn (not HI Express). That was awful since the room was dirty, one elevator was broken and they were out of laundry detergent. Gino's makes great pizzas which you can have delivered to your room.	
Mar 23 2005	Loved the experience	WE STAYED AT THE HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS ON A FREE ACCOMDATION PLAN PROVIDED BY OUR CARRIER, it was excellent though there was a strike going on it was so managable and the staff ever so polite and friendly, we had with us a two year old and the areas surrounding the hotel were very safe, on our entire 3 day trip we only saw one homeless person near the hotel, about 4 blocks down. other wise it was the best place on the pier to stay. walking distance to the pier, even with a baby stroller it was a beautiful stay. and walk.	
Mar 18 2005	just great	stayed at the hotel btw 06mar-12mar. it was just great,the location was really good.quiet and yet not far from the wharf area.the free breakfast with cereals,fruits,muffins and so on was an advantage, especially if u travel with kids.there were 2 pcs in the lobby with free internet and it was good to b in touch with home while miles away.the room was clean,there was a coffee machine in the room ,the whole staff were friendly and we were not disappointed by any means.cable car stop, safeway and walgreen's were nearby.i wld definitely recommend this hotel to everyone.the only negative point was that one of the elevators was out of order during our stay and it took ages to go up or down.by the way,sfo was just great.i hope i wld go there again sometime.i really left my heart there.	
Mar 15 2005	Bring on the sticky buns!	This hotel hit the spot. Free internet access in your room if you travel with a laptop like I do. Free Wi-fi in the lobby.Free breakfast....sticky buns, cereal, fruit, toast, coffee, juice. I was pleased.Killer showerhead. I wanted to stay in there all day long. Clean room. Friendly staff.EXCELLENT location and rates.And fairly quiet considering I was staying on the same floor as some traveling high school chorus students.My only complaint: One of the 2 elevators was down the entire stay. And they locked the stairwell so you could only walk down the stairs, not up.Oh well.	
Mar 14 2005 	This is the Holiday Inn EXPRESS not the Holiday Inn	I have stayed at this hotel several times over the past few years. I have a reservation for a night later this week. I've always been pleased with my stays. The negative reviews were puzzling but once I read the word &quot;pool&quot;, I know they are talking about the Holiday Inn just down the street. It's easy to be confused, especially when you are unfamiliar with the chain and the area. Just wanted to clarify this for those who might be unfamiliar with the hotels at Fisherman's Wharf. The only down side is the expensive parking. At least it is on property. I chose this hotel for a gift weekend for my daughter in San Francisco with two of her friends for her 21st birthday. She loved the location and the breakfast savings!	
Mar 13 2005	watch if you get bumped to sister hotel	Arrived at holiday inn on feb 14th to find some rooms closed due to renovations and was transferred to sister hotel round corner. This has 24hr denny's downstairs so this will give an idea of how good it was. The hotel room was fine, recently been done and size wise was fine. Had booked hotel as had pool and gym but this was at sister hotel only so no access there. Also no lobby staff at any time when I was there (5 days). Someone came at intervals to check in guests but no concierge or security which made me feel uneasy. Food in dennys was inedible.Spoke to hotel manager re this and was offered immed transfer but not worth moving as 2 teenagers had unpacked so much stuff. was offered complimentary breakfast and discounted limo airport ride. Original hotel looked very nice and had all facilities and breakfast buffet was nice. moral is to not move to sister hotelOther than that, loved san francisco. hotel location is very good as at end of 2 trolley runs so easy to get everywhere. also good restauarants nearby.	
Mar 8 2005	Great Hotel! Great decor and breakfast!	Just got back from 3nts at this hotel. The decor was contemporary and delightful. The location was perfect for all of the fun along the Wharf and close to the trolley and bus lines. A Walgreen's is just a kiddie corner block away for anything you forgot. The Hyatt across the street has a Budget Rental Car desk you can rent or drop your car there.The hotel has the traditional fully stocked HI Express breakfast. They kept everything supplied during the whole breakfast serving hours. We were upgraded to a junior suite when we checked in and found the rooms to be nicely decorated, clean and comfortable. They have internet stations in the lobby if you don't have a laptop with you. Perfect for the online checkin before you get to the airport. The cost of parking is about $28 per day and a cab to/from the airport cost me about $45. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again at all.	
Mar 5 2005	Clean Bright and Good Value	I would recommend this hotel to anyone going on a city break to San Fransicso. It is spotlessly clean, the rooms are pleasant and it is in what feels like a very safe area; walking to the hotel even late at night did not pose any problems. There is a coffee machine in the room and the lifts are reliable. There is no bar, porter or room service so you wil have to cope with your own luggage and to book trips you have to go to the bigger &quot;sister&quot; hotel up the street. These are minor niggles. There is a nice sportsbar across the street for that night-cap and being in Fisherman's Wharf the restuarants nearby are in abundance. As the lifts are reliable managing luggage is not a big problem as the airport pick-up is right outside the hotel. Not much to fault and plenty to praise. You can even use the Internet for free if you can't stay offline for a few days. Good for those e-postcards home.	
Feb 22 2005	All-Around Outstanding	We just returned yesterday from a 5-night stay at this hotel. It was wonderful. I would rate this hotel to definitely be a big step above the typical Holiday Inns, Hampton Inns or even Courtyard by Marriott. Much nicer than any Quality Inn, Comfort Inn or Ramada (ugh!) we've ever stayed in. I have stayed away from Holiday Inns in the past, but will definitely consider Holiday Inn Express if they are all on the same par as this hotel.The rooms were absolutely spotless, the beds were extremely comfortable and the shower was great. The entire hotel is clean, well-maintained, and beautifully decorated. Every staff member was friendly and helpful. All their suggestions were right on. We needed airport transportation so I requested a cab - they ordered a beautiful towncar for us (same price as a cab). We found the cab to be cheaper than a shuttle. Children are full-price when going to a hotel (special rule - nab the tourists!), so the shuttle would have been $60. The cab was $40-45. The staff also provided me with an escort (the security guard) when I went out to the Denny's to buy breakfast at 4 am to take to the airport. I have never encountered such a friendly city.The breakfast buffet is perfect - saved us quite a bit of money, which is needed since meals in SF are very expensive. I searched for other places that served breakfasts and found very few. The breakfast buffet had all the items the other contributors have mentioned, including some fresh fruit and the delicious cinnamon buns.The variety of food in San Francisco is very contemporary or eclectic. We found it difficult to find food that our children would eat. Our favorite restaurant was directly across the street, Knuckles. They served the American-type food that is found in restaurants such as Applebees, Friday's and Bennigans. Other good restaurants in the immediate area were Johnny Rockets (burgers, shakes - good for a quick lunch), Rainforest Cafe (expensive, however) and Cippino's (Italian - good selection, reasonable prices and kid-friendly).The location was excellent. We didn't rent a car and didn't have to walk any further than just a few blocks to catch one of the trolleys, cable cars or busses. Just allow travel time - several times, we had to wait a while for a bus. But even the drivers were friendly and helpful.The hotel is located on a busy street so if noise bothers you, ask for an inside room. Most nights, we were so tired the noise of busses didn't bother us. All-around outstanding - beautiful hotel, convenient location, great deal for the price and wonderfully helpful and friendly staff.	
Feb 22 2005	We were happy.	We stayed this past weekend (Feb 05) for 3 nights. We had a suite which wasn't as large as our suite when we stayed in Arizona, but you have to consider the place....for SF it was large. It had a small frig and micro which is nice. It had a queen bed and pull out bed in sitting couch - which was nice. Breakfast was convenient and good. Our only complaint would be to have cable TV, as we had our 5 year old with us and there is only so much walking you can do. We had to &quot;buy&quot; a movie 2 nights for him in order to keep him quiet and entertained in the room. Cable with cartoons would have been nice which we have gotten w/most other motels. The decor of the room was more than adequate - very nice. The staff was very nice and helpful. I'd say great place for adults and older kids - five stars and for couples with younger children - four stars.	
Feb 16 2005	great hotel	We stayed the weekend 2/12/05. I was traveling with 3 kids (13, 7 and 4) and myself. The hotel is great. The staff were very friendly. The rooms are spotless. We checked in a few hours early and also received a free upgrade to a suite which included a wet bar area with microwave, sink, and refrigerator and a large sitting area with pull out couch and chairs. The breakfast buffet had 3 or 4 types of cereal, english muffins, croisonts, 2 or 3 types of bread, muffins, 2 types of donuts, cinamin rolls, hard boiled eggs, 3 types of juice, bananas, apples, milk, coffee, etc. All were very fresh and kept the kids happy. The hotel is centrally located to Fisherman's wharf and near the other big hotels. We've stayed at the Hilton and the Holiday Inn before - both across the street - but love the Holiday Inn express so much more. It's a short block from the trolley line and less than 2 blocks to fisherman's wharf. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great hotel near Fisherman's wharf at a great price.	
Feb 10 2005	Great Buy - A Nice Place to Stay	We stayed in this Hotel in December 2004.  The rooms are large and spotless. The Staff is very friendly. The breakfast was ample. The whole atmosphere of the place was very pleasant and it was an excellent value. A nice plus was free internet service in the lobby, which made it easy to find out what was happening in town and make reservations online. The only negative was that it was very busy and once you hit peak breakfast time, the breakfast room was really crowded. To their credit things were restocked quickly if anything ran out. 	
Feb 4 2005	My favourite hotel in America!	Stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Fisherman's Wharf for the third time, in December 2004 (stayed previously here Dec 03 and Dec 02!). Have recommended this hotel to other people interested in staying in San Francisco too, and a couple of people have actually booked. Each time we've stayed, the staff have been very pleasant, and the rooms clean and comfortable, the bonus being the free breakfast! Although on our second stay, we were facing a street opposite a car park, shops and electric tramline, the noise was not too bad and we did not bother to move room. The location is brilliant - a couple of blocks from the cable cars - and Fisherman's Wharf is safe enough to walk around at night (we've been OK anyway) - no need to have a car. Must sees are Alcatraz, walking the Golden Gate Bridge, and maybe a coach tour to Monterey, Pebble Beach Golf Course and Carmel. Shopping is brilliant downtown - my husband hates shopping but spends hours in Macys mens store each time (why can't Macy's open in England?!). I wish I could persuade my husband to stay again this year but he feels we've visited 'The City' enough times for now! I wish I could move to San Francisco permanently!	
Jan 7 2005	Nice Place	We spent two nights here in January 2005. It's in a good location, about equal distance between Ghiradelli Square/Cannery area and the Pier 39 area. The rooms are basic and clean. The free continental breakfast had orange, apple and cranberry juice, fresh apples, oranges and bananas, glazed donuts, croissants, muffins, bread for toast, cold cereal, coffee and tea. No bagels though. The employees were friendly and helpful. Free newspaper at the front desk and a basic workout room. Free high speed internet access in the rooms, or if you didn't bring a laptop they had a computer area with two desktops for guests to use. Our room was on the interior of the building and was very quiet. It was a reasonably priced place to stay in an expensive city. The pillows were kind of flat. Overall, a good place to stay.	
Dec 30 2004	Good location for Fisherman's Wharf	Stayed here for three nights in August 2004. We thought it was a very good hotel - very handy for Fisherman's wharf and the cable car terminus. We had a room on North Point Street so we did experience some traffic noise but it did not cause a problem. Good room and nice bathroom. The complimentary buffet breakfast was plentiful (even though they did not have any cinnamon rolls while we were there!). Very good value for money, although when we return we will make SF our first or last stop and so not have to park the car in the (expensive) hotel garage.	
Dec 30 2004	Generally good a little mold in the shower.	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf for one night. Our first room was a little noisey as it faced the bus stop and busy street but the staff was pleasant to change our room to a quieter room. It was quieter and more spacious. The room was generally clean and everything in working order. A small amount of (black) mold was in the shower, around the soap holder. Other than that, it was a nice stay.	
Dec 29 2004	Great Location	Just spent three days at this Hotel , Great location for all the tourist attractions. Clean hotel with friendly staff no noise problems even though our room was near the elevator . I would go back this hotel again.	
Nov 23 2004	Perfect for a short stay	We staid here one night in June 2004 and it was a perfect location. Great morning breakfast provided. Fruit and newspapers always available free in the lobby. Very knowledgeable staff and very helpfu. Excellent location to everything and nice clean rooms	
Nov 13 2004	Excellent Location one of the decent hotels in the area.	The HI Express Fisherman's Wharf is an ideal Hotel for a typical stay in San Francisco. You could either have a room with a Bay View, Street View or a view of a courtyard type area.It's only a few years old and hasn't aged from what I could see. The hotel offers free internet access in it's rooms with the use of the supplied network cable. Free Breakfast is provided in the morning between 06:30 and 09:30, a selection of fruit, cereal, donuts and muffins etc together with Coffee and Tea etc.Most hotels in San Francisco are having a staff disbute at the moment, which means that staff are outside protesting about recent changes to their working conditions. This action doesn't seem to be effecting hotel service, however I understand that they were not placing guests in rooms which would get disturbance from the noise.Apart from that, I'd stay at this hotel again without problems, Pier 39 is around a 6 minute walk away, there is a Starbucks around the corner. A Tram link is just one block away taking you from Fisherman's Wharf to Castro via Market. In regards to prices, try and checkout the InterContinental Hotel Groups website for prices first as they tend to sometimes offer Internet only offers.	
Nov 11 2004	Good Hotel  Good Location Good VFM	As a travel agent for Ebookers in the UK my partner and I stayed here from the 6th-8th November. We were impressed with the location of the hotels as it really could have been no better for Pier 39 and the cable cars....The only thing that mildly upset me was that the cost of the parking was 28 US Dollars per day....We where also told that there was a protest outside the hotel from 7am until 10 pm for both the days we were there...This did not effect us THAT much but was slighlty off putting. But the hotel offered us the parking free of charge (and some local calls) for the inconvenience of the protest which did make a very big impession and made up for the problem. I would definitely stay at the hotel again as the location, rooms, cleanliness, staff were great !	
Oct 28 2004	Very good hotel	We found this hotel perfect for our few days in San Francisco and good value for money compared to what some of the other hotels charge. Our room was spacious and clean. We overlooked the courtyard and didn't hear any outside noise at all. I wasn't expecting much from the complimentary breakfast but was very pleased with the large selection of donuts and pastries as well as cereal, toast and fruit. The free internet access also came in handy. The hotel is just around the corner from fishermans wharf and also within walking distance of The Cannery which has lots of restaurants.	
Oct 19 2004	fisherman's wharf is good place to stay	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express at Fisherman's Wharf and loved the location. The hotel was also very good even though the employees were on strike and they had help in from other states. They allowed us to check bags we didn't want to carry on side trips and we found that very convenient. The tour to Yosemite was awesome and the Ahwahnee hotel was a great spot although the carpet in room needed to be replaced. We also liked Monterey. We found the sightseeing tours very reasonable. Very nice vacation!	
Oct 7 2004	Nice clean hotel	We stayed in Holiday Inn Express for three nights 11th-13th September.We did'nt make same mistake most made by going to wrong Holiday Inn,it pay's to check detail before you arrive!Very helpful staff, room clean and spacious we looked onto courtyard so no noise.Was not very impressed with Fisherman's Wharf itself,was a bit smelly and dirty.Had a lovely meal at Cioppino's,an Italian not far from our hotel.Union Square was a nice place to wander around,found the sale's assistant's in shop's most helpful and courteous.Alamo car hire was an experience we did'nt expect.We arrived at 9-30am to find a queue out ot the door and two assistant's working and answering phonecall's.As we had pre-booked in England we had no option but to wait.We finally got our hire car at 11-20am!Would certainly urge people to visit Alcatraz,we did evening tour,and also suggest you pre-book beforehand as we did.It cost $94 for four of us and was certainly worth the money.Suggest a visit to Carmel and Monterey also.We stayed at Hofsas House hotel in Carmel.Will certainly go back to these place's.	
Sep 29 2004	Great place/great price	Stayed at HI Express 9-16 thru 9-19. The hotel is new, clean and a great value in an over priced city.It's close to the Wharf, but far enough away that you miss all the noise. Call the hotel directly for price comparison. Will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 13 2004	Great Location	This Hotel is in a Great Location to visit all the attractions that SF has to offer. The rooms are of a nice size and we found the staff to be friendly and helpful. The only small problems with this hotel are the cost of parking and the walk from the main reception/car park to their Beach Road location (although this will obviously not be a problem if you stay in the main block). Would still recommend.	
Sep 8 2004	Great Location!!!!!!!!	We booked and arrived within 24 hours as our holiday to Miami was cancelled due to hurricane Frances. A superb hotel in a great location. The staff are friendly, the rooms are a good size and everything is clean and modern. We have looked at some of the more expensive hotels around and would not wish to be anywhere else. The free internet access is great as you can checkout places that you want to visit and keep in touch with home. Haven't made the gym yet, but have been in the pool at the Holiday Inn next door. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
Aug 25 2004	Don't know what people were complaining about?	having read previous reviews of the hotel, I entered with some trepidation. However, the hotel was clean, I asked for a quiet room and got a large room at the back of the hotel. The staff on the desk (particluarly Joseph) were extremely helpful. Breakfast was okay (pity there was no ham to go with the eggs, though). Its got a great location one block from the cable car terminus, and a short walk to Fisherman's Wharf. I've stayed in a lot worse hotels in the USA than this one, believe me! I'd recommend this hotel to anyone! Great Value!	
Aug 22 2004	wonderful stay	We just returned from a fabulous 6 day trip to San Francisco. The Holiday Inn Express was very accommodating...I booked through the internet and they gave us a king bed but we needed two double...when we arrived they immediately gave us a double bed room. The hotel is very clean and close to everything...put on your walking shoes! My two kids who are in college even said the hotel was fine and that the continental breakfast was good...FREE.. (It helped on our budget so we could splurge on lunch and dinners) Went on several tours that were reasonable..if you go to Alcatraz..get the tickets with the audio included..very helpful when walking around the prison...Bring a light jacket for it was chilly...I would recommend the Holiday Inn Express to anyone for it was a very pleasant stay. The staff was great and helpful....	
May 25 2004	loved it	Very good hotel, great location just a couple of blocks from Fishermans Wharf and the cable cars.The rooms were very clean and modern, and it's probably the best continental breakfast that I have had. Also made good use of the free internet that they provide on the lobby, this is easy to miss as it's tucjed away round the corner.Very enjoyable, brilliant location.	
Apr 28 2004	Good hotel; one housekeeping issue	We had 1 housekeeping issue when we stayed there. I'm sure it's an exception and not the norm. The bedding had a funky smell on it. We called housekeeping of course and requested a change of bedding. No one came and we had to make a second call. I guess it was after housekeeping hrs and help wasn't readily avilable but someone did come and change the bedding. One gentlemen, however, had a pretty strong body odor that lingered after he left. The bedding was fine but now the room area had an odor. We went to nearby Walgreens to get a can of lysol. TIP: Bring can of lysol whenever you travel.Okay, on to the positives: 1. Free continental breakfast--get there early 2. Great location--you can eat a cafe next door, go to the bar across the street, walk around the corner to Denny's, or even to Fisherman's Wharf; close access to bus to take you to Union Square, etc. 3. Great priceWE DEFINITELY WOULD STAY THERE AGAIN! HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO OTHERS!	
Apr 25 2004	Don't expect service at the holiday inn	Holiday started off badly when our flight had to return to Heathrow mid flight due to mechanical problems. Flight was delayed for 24 hours. We had pre-booked and pre-paid for a family room at the Holiday Inn Express Fishermans Wharf. We arrived 24 hours late expecting to be able to use the room we had paid for from the previous night. It was 1pm, the receptionist bluntly told us check in was 3pm. We joked we were not early but late as we were supposed to check in the day before but our flight was delayed. She was serious, she repeated check in was 3pm and she did not know if a room was ready for us. We said but surely it should be ready we were supposed to be here yesterday and we paid for the room for last night. That means nothing she said, and by the way you were checked into a king room, with only one bed, and I don't think we have any larger rooms. Her attitude was one of total apathy, she didn't seem to care or realise she was ruining our holiday. My husband said angrily well can you please check if you have got a room available. She went into a room behind reception, when she returned she said she did have a family room. We were allowed to check in and use the room we had paid for, we paid a full night and got to use it for 1 and a half hours. Within a few minutes of getting to our room she knocked on the door with a gift of a free movie and two packets of ghiradelli chocolates, but the damage was done and i would not recommend this hotel. The breakfast was very good though and the location to Fishermans Wharf is excellent.	
Apr 25 2004	good value for a modern hotel	Great location, new modern clean room.I got a good deal through the Inter-continental sites Nov. 2003. Great for a few nites in SF.Great breakfast w the rate.	
Feb 26 2004	Very Nice but don't confuse it with the Holiday Inn just down the street.	Clean and well proportioned rooms with excellent location near Fisherman's Wharf. Had a nice stay and would definitely return.I think the negative reviews are both from people who confused the Holiday Inn Express with the Holiday Inn just a block or so away, and were mad that they couldn't get help with their luggage to go over to the other place. I did the same thing myself and admit that it is a bit confusing but in fairness they are seperate hotels with seperate ownership. Fortunately I had a rental car to throw my luggage into for the short little drive to the correct hotel. Just be wary which one you have reservations with.	
Jan 9 2004	Love love loved it!!!!	I have to say: I have never in my whole life spend a vacation in such a wonderful hotel. Every thing was better than good -even the bed was better than my own!!! YOU HAVE TO TRY IT!!!!Peter H, Denmark	
Jan 5 2004	Excellent hotel	My family and I just returned from a vacation in San Francisco. We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express at Fisherman's Wharf. We loved it! Convenient location-tour buses and bike rentals were right around the corner, and a rental car company across the street. The hotel was clean and completely quiet. We had an inside room. The morning complimentary breakfast was excellent. It was the same each of our three mornings, but there was plenty of variety. There was also plenty of seating for everyone so you didn't feel crowded. The clerks at the front desk were friendly and helpful. I also spotted a security guard walking the halls which made me feel safe. Rooms were of normal hotel size. Each room also contained a free safe. The only things that we would have liked were if they had had queen beds and access to a microwave. I definately would stay here again. Great value!	
Dec 10 2003	Great Holiday Inn..Great Price		
Nov 28 2003	Can't believe negative reviews		
Nov 11 2003	Why bother?		
Oct 23 2003	Good Value		
Jul 20 2003	Great Price Location 		
Jun 30 2003	Holiday Inn--Fisherman's Wharf--great location irritating problems		
Jun 11 2003	Excellent hotel - great value		
Apr 29 2003	Perfect for our needs		
Apr 9 2003	Great acess / not muchwalking		
Feb 23 2003	Good Clean Accommodation		
Feb 23 2003	Excelente hotel		
Feb 23 2003	????????????????????		
Nov 11 2009 	bien situ		
Sep 7 2009 	Ottima posizione turistica		
Sep 5 2009 	Ottima Posizione ma molto anonimo		
Aug 23 2009 	bien situado lo esperado en un holiday inn		
Aug 20 2009 	Gran hotel en la mejor zona de San Francisco		
Jul 24 2009 	geeignet fr kurze aufenthalt		
Jul 21 2009 	Excelente localizao porm com caro estacionamento.		
Jul 20 2009 	tranquille !		
Jul 17 2009 	Ottima posizione!!!		
Jul 15 2009 	A parte la colazione il resto  ottimo!		
Jul 1 2009 	Bell'hotel con qualche perplessit sul servizio		
Jun 24 2009 	Groartiges Haus in allerbester Lage: eine echte berraschung!!		
May 26 2009 	Buensima la zona y el hotel		
May 26 2009 	Ci tornerei sicuramente		
Nov 8 2008 	Sauberes Hotel in sehr guter Lage!		
Oct 3 2008 	surbooking - inconcevable		
Aug 1 2008 	Confortable et trs bon rapport Qualit prix		
Jul 26 2008 	Ottima posizione!		
Apr 26 2008 	Sehr gerumige Zimmer 		
Nov 7 2007 	Htel bien sympatique		
