Aug 2 2009 	Ramada should do something about this lot	We had booked in to the Ramada on Lombard Street for 5 nights. I requested a rollaway bed as we are a family of 5 - 2 adults, 2 teenagers and a 10 year old. On arrival after a delayed 20 hour trip from the UK, at 10.30 pm we were told by a rude and absolutely disinterested receptionist that there was no rollaway. Too exhausted to argue, we said ok, we will make do for the night. But, no! There would be no extra bed for the whole 5 nights. I explained that surely this was impossible. I received a shrug of the shoulders and a silent, surly stare. I asked what we should do, as all 3 of my children were now sleeping in the reception. Again, a shrug of the shoulders. I asked did they think it was ok for me to now take 3 exhausted children through the streets of an unknown city late at night in search of an alternative room for the night. Again, a shrug of the shoulders and a very strange stare. Silence!!! (you could almost hear the tumbleweed) It was surreal. So we left! On leaving I said this was very weird and that they were a very bad reflection of the Ramada group. Guess what? They shrugged and stared. No apology, no offer of help, no suggestion as to where else we could go. On closing the door I heard a sarcastic, &quot;Good Luck&quot;. It was now just rude and weird. We crossed the road and having looked on Tripadvisor before I knew that the Coventry Motor Inn was just opposite. Initially, they were reluctant to open their door so late at night, but when we explained our predicament, the lovely Chinese couple on the desk opened up. Our room was ideal ( with a large rollaway) and the location was great. So, please if you read this review, do not stay at this hotel. They do not deserve your custom, and Ramada should be ashamed to lend their name to this bunch of chancers.	
May 23 2009 	Very limited	While driving there I started freaking out : I arrived in SF on a Sunday evening, passed 6th and 7th st. There were barrels burning in the streets and junkies having their dose. As far as I can remember the hotel was (still is?) on 7th street. A friend of mine who was living there couldn't believe we picked such a hotel. On Monday morning, the neighborhood completely changed : shops were open, people were walking on the streets; a whole new world.The hotel itself wasn't that great either, but I only remember the crappy air-conditioner and the standard tiny size toilet you find in so many places in the US.	
May 8 2009 	Shop around. You can do better.	Booked through the city visitors center website at a &quot;discounted&quot; rate that was higher than the hotel's. Not the hotel's fault, but even their price was too high. Mandatory notices displayed warning of carcinogenic materials in the building. Shabby room and bed linen. No fridge or microwave. Use the tiny coffeemaker tray to pick up your paltry breakfast in the lobby. Don't expect some of the staff to even lift their backsides out of the chair, let alone be helpful. You'll need to pounce when a parking space becomes available, as they don't have enough of them. Only for the desperate. I wouldn't stay again.	
Mar 5 2009 	YUCK!	Don't stay here! Spend whatever you can extra to stay somewhere else! Whatever you think you might save it's not worth it. Everything about this place needs redoing. Frayed sheets, burn holes in blankets, funiture from the 60's ( and not cool retro) Wouldn't eat what little was provided for breakfast, area to dirty. Trip to the Wharf MUCH longer than told (cab drivers verified that for us) Echo in central area very loud. A space under door big enough for mice or whatever to get in. Wouldn't put a bare foot on the floor. DO I NEED TO SAY MORE?! ......I will......Sleezy!!! Don't get this Lombard St confused with your image of the winding street, same street by many blocks and a whole different neighborhood believe me! Oh, did I mention we reserved our room months in advance for two double beds &amp; when we got there we were given One King, and no we couldn't change to a different room. Good thing we were good friends So uncomfortable the leisure trip was an exhausting trip from hell...let's not even get into what these suroundings did to strain our friendships. Remember , NOT WORTH IT!!!!!!!	
Mar 3 2009 	previous bad reviews are unwarranted	my wife and I stayed at this hotel despite reading some bad reviews,however we are reward members of Ramada and put our faith in their policies.We found the rooms clean ,they look recently redone.the staff are smiling all day. the noise factor is there as they are right on a major arteial road,but all of SF is a busy noisy city.I wear earplugs to sleep as i am a light sleeper,my wife slept ok and did not notice the noise.this is a typical Ramada,clean,just a short walk to attractions,baisc breakfast and much cheaper than alternatives.	
Nov 5 2008 	Don't be deceived by the Ramada name!	I took my chances because of price and the Lombard location, even after reading the reviews. We booked for a week and I have to agree with what everyone said. Old, run down, dated and felt dirty. THe blanket had numerous slashes and cigarette burns in it. Towels were thin and minimal. Staff was foreign. We left geneous tips for housekeeping everyday because we wanted to make sure that they changed our towels, On day 3, I called that housekeeping did not clean our room the reply was &quot;well, I guess they just skipped out today&quot;...and did nothing else. Parking was a nightmare. My husband circled the block for 45 minutes and gave up and parked somewhere else away from the property. Breakfast was a sham. Packaged sweet rolls, OJ, and coffee that was put away by 9 or 9:30am. We will not return. THere are several small motels on Lombard, within a block or so from this one, so check them out instead. What a disappointment at $140 a night.	
Aug 13 2008 	DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!	I had read the reviews on this site, and while they made me a little nervous, I thought &quot;It's a Ramada...it can't be THAT bad&quot;.It CAN and IS THAT BAD!!!! This place is absolutely disgusting. The first clue is the dirty, dark stairway up to the rooms (no elevator). All the rooms are enclosed under one roof, no outside access (I guess that can be good and bad, but in this case, it's bad). The smell in the corridor is bad enough, but the smell upon entering the room is enough to knock you off your feet. The room didn't appear to have been vaccumed in a while, the furniture is stained. While the bathroom appeared to be relatively clean, the toilet didn't work. We called the front desk about it, and their answer was to knock on our door, hand my husband a plunger and walk away. Ummmm....excuse me??? That did not solve the problem, and with the second phone call, the front desk manager entered the room and tried to instruct my husband on how to use a plunger. Ummmm....again....excuse me??We explained that we had a dinner to get to, and needed the toilet fixed. The employee could not say whether or not it would be, and said there were no other rooms to move us to. I'd had enough....Right across the street is the Coventry Motor Inn....same price, 200% better accommodations, and the staff is extremely friendly and helpful. They did not seem at all surprised when we told them our story, and were able to get us a room for two nights. Needless to say, we immediately went back across the street and checked out of the Ramada Limited.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY AT THE RAMADA LIMITED!!!!	
Jun 10 2008 	Please stay away	The place was poorly furnished with scratchy towels, thin pilly sheets, dirty hair dryer, courtyard strewn with dirty laundry, breakfast was poor with no trays to take anything to the room. This was such a disaster that I hope Ramada takes their name away from this motel.	
Nov 16 2007 	Ramada Limited	Corona, CA I spent a beautiful weekend in San Fransisco.I had decided not to spend a lot of money on hotels. I shop around. I found the Ramada Limited to be a fair price. I went ahead and booked our stay.I then look around on www some more and found all these negative reviews. I was terrified to say the least, base on the fact that the room I just booked would cost me one nights stay to cancel. Hoping for the best we made it to the hotel somewhat excited and scared at the same time. It was early in the day so we had about four hrs. to check in. The front desk offered to store our luggage. We agreed and off we went. We came back to the hotel after a wonderful day. We checked in to our room and to our surprise, the room was great. Flat screen t.v., granite counters in restroom, jets in tub, marble floor in bathroom. It was nice. The only thing that could have been better,&quot;double pane windows&quot; it was a bit noisy due to windows. I will definetly stay here again.	
Oct 1 2007 	Ramada LTD 240 7th Street San Francisco	Arrived to a somewhat clean room. However the room trash can had not been emptied and there was left over ice/ice water in the ice bucket. Stay was 4 nights. Breakfasts left much to be desired-sugared cheerios/ Fruit loops you know the type. Most offensive was on Friday night (only) one bathroom towel was in B-room which was not remedied by staff. On Sat night there was no bathroom towels not remedied by staff. Staff apologized but did not correct deficiencies. Essentially no reception on TV.	
Jun 27 2007 	Recommend NOT Staying Here	The room was dirty and with stained furniture and dirty, peeling wallpaper. No alarm clock was provided. Evening hotel staff were unable to recommend places to eat and visit around town. No elevators. The room keys were deactivated after 1 day when the room was reserved for 2 days. Definitely don't recommend staying here.	
May 11 2007	Never Again!	We were booked ahead by the Ramada in Fresno (which is fine) and were we disappointed? We could tell from the state of the reception we might be in for a shock and we were. We didn’t stay, got our money refunded and were out of there fast! Booked in to a very nice hotel bit further down Lombard on the other side of the road. just a few bucks more but 1000% better clean, bright and spacious with free parking!	
Mar 22 2007 	Adequate Basic Lodging	We just returned from a wonderful week vacationing with family in San Francisco. After booking and prepaying our reservations, reading the reviews regarding the Ramada Inn Limited at 1940 Lombard St. left us wondering how comfortable our stay would be.Although we found the Ramada Inn Limited to be pretty basic lodging, it was affordable, the rooms were fairly clean, and we were within easy walking distance to many San Francisco attractions. Although parking is limited, we always managed to find at least one slot open. The bed linens and towels are thin but clean. Noise from traffic on the street is audible in the rooms but after the first night we became accustomed to it. Try to request a room toward the back of the building if possible. The continental breakfast consists of make your own waffles, cereal, toast, sweet rolls, and fruit juice. It was a sufficient breakfast for us before heading out for the day.The staff was helpful and friendly. One evening they allowed us to look up some seafood restaurants on their computer so we could make an informed selection based on our pocket book limitations. There are many great restaurants on Lombard St. Our favorites were Silver Clouds (early dinner special), Zushi Puzzle (sushi), and Mel's Diner (comfort food). There is also a Safeway several blocks away where we bought excellent sandwiches to pack as lunch for our 6 1/2 hour whale watching cruise.If we return to San Francisco, we would definitely stay at the Ramada Inn Limited on Lombard St. again.	
Feb 21 2007 	Never stay here!!!!!!	Unsanitary, Disgusting, Gross!!!!! Beds were just remade, sheets &amp; pillows had black hairs all over. Food on counter, on floor, under chairs, beside beds. Dirty towels in bathroom. Will never again stay at ANY Ramada!!!	
Feb 12 2007	Get what you a pay for - A good thing	For what it is worth, wanted to add my comments on my 4 night stay. For what you pay, to get the location to the Wharf, parks and buses was totally worth it. We just wanted a cheap and clean place to sleep and that is exactly what we got. Breakfast was more than adequate and the gentleman that checked us in was more than helpful on suggestions where to go and what to do. We travelled the local buses and most nights walked from the Wharf late in the evening with our 5 yr old in tow. We did get what we paid for and that was a positive.	
Dec 9 2006 	Limited on Everything....	Limited cleanliness, limited quiet, limited towels, limited comfort, limited safety, limited scent...The only thing that was not limited was our repulsion by this motel. This place stank, literally. I don't know what that smell is, but it made me nausious. We checked out a half hour after getting there and my clothes still stunk when we got to the next hotel. There was a gap under our door. God only knows what could have gotten into our room. I did not feel safe leaving anything in that room. There was a plunger sitting next to the ice machine that still had toilet paper from the last use stuck to it. The man at the front desk was very kind though. However, that is not reason enough to stay here for any reason.	
Nov 2 2006 	Very noisy limited parking	room and bathroom clean, no elevator, limited (free) parking (first come, first serve), limited breakfast, very noisy, slamming of doors	
Oct 10 2006 	Ramada Ltd. San Francisco	We recently stayed here for two nights pre-cruise. I was a bit upset after reading these reviews, but I would recommend this hotel to a budget minded traveler. The room was clean, comfortable and we would stay here again. The staff was friendly and kind and carried our bags up and down the stairs. The room had iron and board, coffee pot, hair dryer, alarm clock, tv and was more than adequate. They provided breakfast, coffee, juice, cold cereal, danish and fresh made waffles. It was a little noisy the first night, but that was because of rude guests making a racket, not because of anything the hotel did. The #30 bus was one short block away and we got to Fisherman's Wharf for 50 cents. We took the bus all over and it was very convenient. Diane in Clearwater, FL	
May 18 2006	Don't be fooled by the location - this place is a dump	A travel agent booked this hotel for us because we wanted something in the Marina area, not far from the Wharf. It sounded like a great deal at $90 a night, but this place was a DUMP! Located on a very busy section of Lombard Street. The room had a funny smell to it. The windows were so thin, we felt like people were coming in to our room all night long. My parents stayed in an adjacent room and someone actually tried to enter their room in the evening..somehow reception had messed up what rooms were already being used. Check-in was very slow....we were waiting around for at least 5 minutes before we even met a face to talk to. I would definitely not stay here again. Shame on the travel agent for even making such a recommendation!	
Jan 25 2006	Third World Hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Ramada limited on Lombard Street over Christmas 2004. This is the worst place ever. To start, there was no fire alarm in our room. We had to threaten to call the fire marshal before the front desk clerk would install one. Next, there was candy stuck to our sheets. The front desk clerk did not want to replace them until we remained persistent on new ones (I offered to put then on the bed myself). Then there was a beer bottle cap on the floor. There were also stains on the walls. Lastly, there was a picture hanging over the head of our bed in a frame with broken glass. Not very safe if you have kids in that bed. The front desk clerk tried to make me feel dumb about complaining so much. This did not work and he even got temperamental with me. My husband and I proceeded to speak with the hotel manager upon check out. He did not want to hear our complaints, and did not hear them. He acted like he was too busy. After pulling some eye teeth (a cliche) he credited us one night free. We then stated we were going to complain to Auto Club, since they rated this hotel. The manager of this hotel then tried to take away our credited free night. Do not stay at this hotel. It costs less money for a reason. In this instance you get what you pay for.	
Oct 9 2005 	Bait 	Reserved room several weeks in advance with 2 Queen Size Bed. Was given a room with 2 doubles. Desk help claimed the hotel was full, refused to find us another hotel (we had 3 women), or give us a discount. When we said we'd go find another hotel ourselves, they said we would be charged for the room anyway, because we had already been in it! Told us we could talk to manager in morning for discount, but then in morning, waited for 10 minutes in lobby and NO ONE ever showed up! No one behind the desk...at all...and this was 9:30 am.Besides that, there were NO washclothes and only two towels in the room. The window frame in the shower in room 235 is thick with black mold. At 4 am we were woke by screeching noise coming from the water pipes that lasted several minutes.Worst hotel experience ever.Oh yeah, be careful getting in/out of the elevator. The door only stays open for about 20 seconds and then attempts to close.	
Sep 14 2005	Thank goodness it was just a one night stay!	We stayed here for one night because we decided to extend our trip and could not get a room at the hotel we had booked for the rest of the weekend. Check in went smoothly, we had light luggage so getting up the stairs was not an issue. Although I had read that there was no food in the area, we decided to go for a walk and check it out. 1 block away there are a bunch of bars and restaurants, all open and full of people, and a few blocks up the hill is Union Street, which is very trendy. I did not find the neighborhood scary at all, as some people described - I thought it was pretty cool, actually. Unfortunately, back at the hotel we started to notice things. Although the bathroom looks like it had recently been updated, there was a lot of mold growing on the ceiling and on the shower curtain. There was no stopper in the sink. Every time someone walked by with a roller bag it went &quot;clunk-clunk-clunk&quot; as the wheels went over the tiles. The alarm clock went off at 2 am. A few minutes later, the smoke alarm started beeping. Loudly. I called downstairs, and the clerk told me to just take out the batter, or he could come do it for me. My husband is tall, so he was able to get it out after a few tries. Still, made me nervous to be sleeping in an older building with no smoke alarm. The bed was rock hard and we woke up sore and in bad moods due to the lack of sleep. Only stay here if you are getting a really great deal!	
Jun 15 2005	Don't even bother	This place was just awful. Everything said previously is true. Ice machine was few doors down on landing. Noise from that and other guests was just horrible. We you closed your door, you could see daylight all around it. Was there for two weeks and just didn't want the hassle of moving to another hotel. In hindsight... I wish I had taken the time. The sheets were pink and ripped in alot of places. The towels were small thin &amp; like drying off with a loofa. &quot;Executive&quot; breakfast was cheap white bread &amp; crummy cereal. We bought our own bread &amp; just used their toaster. Can't think of any positive for this place other than I didn't see any cockroaches. Best Advice ..... stay ANYWHERE else than here.	
May 5 2005	Choose another hotel	We stayed stayed at this hotel for three nights in Sept. The parking is really bad (but its like that everywhere in SF). The rooms are on the second floor, no elevator so pack light if you stay there. Rooms were very noisy, we were right next to the stairs. We got into our room and it reaked of smoke, and there were cigarette butts on the floor next the bed. Sat down on the bed only to have the bed collapse and me fall to the floor. Now I am a pretty level-headed person so I laughed off my fall and asked for another room. Nope sorry and they weren't nice about it either. It is quite literally a hike to Fisherman's Wharf, but its a nice walk through a park and along the bay. And the free breakfast was really bad, its a good thing they had coffee pots in the room. We remained at the hotel dispite our first impressions, but vowed to NEVER go back.	
Apr 13 2005	Warning: This is a motel not at the wharf	Expedia calls this hotel 'Ramada Limited - Fisherman's Wharf'. Truth is, it is nowhere near the wharf, and a $7 taxi ride is necessary to get to the wharf. Also this is not a hotel, this is a motel. Rooms are completey accessible from the street, to just about anybody. To further scrutinize security, there are no safes in the rooms. STAY AWAY - Marketing Ripoff.	
Apr 7 2005	noisy!	This place was very noisy: street noise and guest noise from hallway... This is actually more like a motel, and two-stars at most. The floor also seemed to be quite shaky. There are only about 10 parking spaces available (maybe less).	
Dec 2 2004	Great Customer Service at the Ramada	We had a problem with our reservation when we arrived because we had not booked directly with the hotel and the hotel was full. However, they went above and beyond and gave us a special deal while spending forever on the phone with &quot;the internet company&quot; we had booked through. They were great!	
Oct 22 2004	Better than expected!	My son and I stayed at this Ramada Limited because of the reviews from this site and we were pleasantly surprised. The room was larger than expected with comfortable beds and clean bathroom. It's in a great location near Fisherman's Wharf (a bit far to walk, but we had a rental car). We could even see part of the Golden Gate Bridge from our window. We were, however, very disappointed in the continental breakfast, which consisted of Fruit Loops, toast, or packaged pastries (which were rather stale). Coffee and juice were OK. Fortunately, there are some good restaurants very nearby (IHOP, Mel's Diner) which replaced the bad motel breakfast. Overall, it was a great place to stay for the money.	
Oct 5 2004	Good location but ask for quiet room	Stayed here 2 nights on 21/22 September 2004. The room was large and comfortable, unfortunately we were at the front so it was a bit noisey due to traffic. Jacuzzi bath didn't work and looked a little grubby. Didn't take breakfast there as we had found a good place - Home Plate on Lombard opposite the Ihop. Close to shops and restaurants.	
Sep 29 2004	Never Again	We brought our grandchildren to SF for the July 4th celebration so we needed two rooms, both had problems.The air conditioner in one room blew nothing but outside air and it wasn't a particularly cool weekend.The bath-tub in one room had little more than a trickle of water when turned on, the control for the shower in the other room was almost impossible to control the heat of the water.There was no elevator and the stairway is very narrow making it difficult to carry luggage upstairs.The continental breakfast was a joke. Stale pastries and lukewarm beverages attended by a lady who appeared to be still angry about her trek across the desert to enter the country.My wife and I love San Francisco and go there often but this was, without a doubt, the worst weekend we have ever spent.	
Sep 10 2004	Fa-bo-lo-us	That hotel was fabulous great breakfast and owner by the way very nice my rooms sink was broken and i told him and 15 minutes later a plumber came it was incredible	
Jul 22 2004	Great location	Stayed here on july 16-21st. The front desk people were super friendly and professional. newly remodeled rooms, and improved breakfast bar.. parking is tight but free of charge. cant beat that. I stayed at another location in the neighborhood, and moved here the next day. clean rooms and has a/c units. Would def stay here again, and recommened this place to our friends.	
Mar 8 2002	No elevator! Stale pastries for breakfast--	If you choose RL, don't take a lot of luggage. My husband and I both had carryons which didn't weigh that much but we were given a room on the third floor and found out there was no elevator. Our carryons almost broke our backs, and we're in our thirties! Hopefully no one who is disabled ever stays there. One desk clerk tried to be nice to us but the owners basically ignored our complaints--and we were paying for seven nights @ $99. Stale pastries made the morning &quot;continental breakfast&quot; a joke so we ate at the Silver Cloud restaurant a block away (cheap and good!!).	
Oct 21 2007 	Bon marché mais moyen		
Oct 7 2007 	Keine Empfehlung		
