Nov 22 2009 	Good location	Although the hotel is old they keep it in a good shape, the only problem is the size of the rooms &amp; bath. OMG the smallest thing ever but once again, location was worth and excellent aerial views of the city and the bay	
Nov 19 2009	OK but watch out for the vending machines	Travelled as part of a group on a tour holiday so can't really comment on the value aspect. Location is pretty good - California cable car to Fisherman's Wharf area is very close and there are also bus routes along Van Ness and other nerby streets. But when we arrived and got out of the lift, the noise from the drinks and ice machines was the loudest I can remember hearing, and our room turned out to be right behind them. Someone made a purchase shortly afterwards and this was even louder. Reception were perfectly happy to put us in a different room, as the place wasn't full. So a good response to the situation, but rather surprising that they use these rooms if they don't have to, and time to get some quieter machines, or relocate them.	
Nov 15 2009 	Very good hotel	Despite the lack of places to park the car (is too expensive let the car inside the hotel), there are a cable car stop right on the corner, very good location.	
Nov 14 2009 	Too noisy but good location	very central location in San Francisco. Generally clean hotel. Too noisy at night though. Double glazing didn't seem very effective at all. Take ear plugs! Would try a different hotel another time.	
Nov 3 2009	Okay	We travelled across the USA on a tour organised by Great Rail Journeys of York between the 7th and 27th October 2009. We stayed at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway on Van Ness which is close to the cable car terminus. Our room was one of the smaller rooms we had experienced on our trip, but it was clean and comfortable. It was quiet and everything worked. We slept well in the large double bed. It was not well serviced on one of the days of our stay with glasses and cups left uncleaned. Our room overlooked the 6th floor swimming pool which gets sun in the morning. We breakfasted in the hotel on one day – we had the continental buffet for $14.25 which was reasonable value though the range was restricted. You can catch the California line cable car or the bus right outside the hotel. There is a grocery store nearby (south on California) which was very nice and good value. You can buy a Municipal travel Pass in the hotel gift shop. That was well worth it. To ride the cable car one way it's $5, for Bus it is $2. We paid $18 for a three day (unlimited rides) pass and definitely got our money's worth. As we left early on the third day we handed our pass back into the Gift Shop in the hope they could recycle the unexpired portion to another visitor.	
Oct 30 2009 	If you are not sure where to stay go for it.	I had a hard time trying to pick the &quot;right&quot; hotel for our first trip to San Francisco. I didn't want to stay somewhere sketchy (the hotel or the neighbourhood). This hotel is in a great location. It was clean. Is convenient and central to the touristy places in the city. You can catch the California line cable car or the Muni bus right outside the hotel. The Muni Bus will take you right to Fisherman's Wharf. Wholefoods grocery store is less than a block away. They have a breakfast deli which I thought is a little pricey, but we were able to get hot breakfast sandwiches for about $3.00 each, and hot oatmeal and muffins. We felt comfortable finding places to eat on Polk St. at night (going north - not south!). The hotel staff were really helpful and friendly, especially the &quot;Bell Boy Captain&quot;. The room was a little small for three people but it was adequate. I prepaid for the room and got a great deal directly from the hotel's website (I kept checking the website and one day the rate dropped by quite a bit). If you sign up as a Priority Club Member first, you also get extra perks (late 2:00 p.m. checkout, free local calls, free newspaper every morning, a free drink the first night). Our room was upgraded to the 22nd floor. We had a wonderful view of the city. We rarely heard our neighbours. We didn't have a car (which is expensive to park there). You can access everything by cable car or bus fairly easily. We had a lot of fun riding the cable cars. You can buy a Muni Pass in the hotel gift shop. That was well worth it. To ride the cable car one way it's $5, for Muni Bus it is $2. We paid $18 for a three day (unlimited rides) pass and definitely got our money's worth. So I'd say, if you are not sure where to stay - try this hotel!	
Oct 29 2009 	Grossly Outdated	The only thing good about this hotel was the location. Very centrally located, but horrible rooms. Tiny bathroom with a stained shower curtain and dirty tile. This hotel has supposedly been renovated but still looks and feels like it is from the 1980s. Not modern at all and not worth the 3 star rating. Makes me never want to stay in a holiday inn again.	
Oct 22 2009 	Convient location; good value for your money compared to other hotels	Depends on your needs. First and foremost San Francisco is a walking city(Hilly). Hotel is centrally located with Fisherman's Wharf/Alcatraz/Golden Gate Bridge/Lombard st. to the North; China town/Financial district/Ferry Building to the East and SOMA/Castro to the South.Bus stop at corner of hotel goes directly to Fisherman's Wharf(20 min. ride). Also trolley ends in front of hotel and goes east toward Ferry Building(15 min.).Best value make sure to buy a MUNI pass to travel on cable cars;trolley and buses. Avail. for 1;3 or 7 days. Cost $11; 18 and 24 respectively. Cannot be used on BART trains or travel in Oakland. Can buy at SFO airport info center or hotel gift shop.Car can also be rented from gift shop. Recommend reserve in advance as last min. is pricey. But you do get free parking in the hotel, as most hotels in SFO charge a fee for parking. But again driving is not really practical or needed unless travel includes visits over the bridges or late at nite as the the transit stops running at midnight.Spouse and I did a 4 night weekend stay at the hotel and it met most of our needs. We had a room with a corner view. Really loved the views. My spouse is 6'5&quot; and the room was a little tight for us and all of our luggage. Could have used more storage space. But this is common with most hotels in SFO. I could hear the street traffic even from the 18th floor, but it didn't bother me as I can sleep even with a TV on. Enjoyed the plasma and the fridge. We could have used more outlets(only 3 open) and a microwave. Room service is only avail. from 5p to 11p. but in dining is avail. all day. Local restaurants are good choices and Whole Food is a block away as well as Walgreens. Pool is located on 6th floor and heated with great views to the east. And it wasn't filled with kids during our stay. Fitnees center was small and basic, but 24 hour Fitness is 3 blocks away.Overall loved the views and the convenience.	
Oct 20 2009 	Not outstanding but not bad either.	My recent San Francisco trip brought be back to the Holiday Inn, which hosted the Sundance Stompede weekend. My stay included 4 nights. Overall the room wasn't bad, room seemed to clean and bathroom worked fine. My biggest complaint was the wireless internet, which was very slow. Otherwise the Location is very easy to get onto the historic cable cars on California.	
Oct 20 2009 	Rather tired	Half way along Van Ness next to the start of the cablecar. Drab looking place with dull reception and very average rooms. Buses 47 and 49 run down Van Ness from water frontage to civic buildings. Breakfast expensive. Many local options for food or preferably go down to pier area for excellent fish.Superb city and many better options than this must be available.	
Oct 19 2009 	Convenient	We had 5 nights here and the location was good for the cable car and trams. The hotel itself was ok not exciting but clean. We asked for an upgrade and got a room on the 19th floor with views of the bay - for nothing! Do not eat there though as the breakfast was expensive and not that good, instead take a right out of the hotel and right again and eat at The Village Cafe. it doesn't look much but the food is delicious and very reasonable, give it a try I am sure you wil return each morning as we did!Also very close to the hotel again right and right is Crustaceans, a super seafood/asian restaurant the Dungeness crab and garlic noodles are to die for! Very friendly staff.	
Oct 19 2009 	some infomation	a litte bit far from downtown, but there is a station of cable car in front of the hotel.in the ground floor, there is a starbacks, that was good for breakfast. 	
Oct 10 2009 	For good service be sure to speak up and let your needs be known.	I arrived here for a conference. The first night we had an electrical fire in our room. I will say the maintenance people were really responsive and fixed it after we explained that an electrical fire may be more of a safety issue than someone's TV not working [at first we were going to have to wait until they fixed someone's TV.] The next day when we asked what kind of compensation they could give for the inconvenience of the fire all they could offer was a voucher for a free meal in the dining room. It was only on the second day that someone actually checked to see that we were priority club members. No one ever asked when I booked the reservation. As a result we were &quot;sentenced&quot; to the sixth floor where the rooms open right out onto the pool. That might be fun in warm weather. But all it meant was that noisy people partied outside our window at odd hours. There also seemed to be some kind of meeting room right next to our room which was noisy the few times we were in our room during the day. On a positive note...the location is excellent. It's right by the California Street Cable Car line which is the line with the shortest wait. There's a bus outside that goes right to Fisherman's wharf. If you're coming here, just be proactive about speaking up for yourself. Be sure you're a priority club member because they certailnly offer much better service if you are and almost seem to punish you if you're not. The hotel was also great for a conference of about 100 people. The layout is compact and made coming and going easy. It's a simple place without a lot of frills.	
Oct 9 2009 	Helpful staff great location wonderful security	Hotel staff was very helpful even on one of the busiest days in San Francisco. Rooms are clean and the city view was nice. Parking is expensive as it is everywhere in San Francisco. Short walk to the trolley stop and close in to the theaters.	
Oct 6 2009 	Stay at Holiday Inn Fishermans Warf instead - you have to catch public transport to see anything	We stayed here cause it was a highrise so we thought we'd have good views of the bay, we payed extra and stayed on the top floors but we couldn't see anything becuase of the fog. So it was a waste of money to pay for the view. you have to catch public transport if you want to go to any tourist parts. (which was easy but annoying) My advise stay at fishermans warf or union square if you want to do shopping. There is cable cars that run from union square to fishermans warf anyways. If your not a tourist the hotel is excellent!! Swimming pool very average.	
Oct 4 2009 	Not a bad Spot	Stayed here for three nights and was concerned at first that it may have been a bit far from everything. A cable car turnaround is beside the hotel and a three day passport is available at the hotel shop for $18 and this allows for unlimited travel on all public transport in San Francisco which is well worth it. Our room was on the 22nd floor and was very clean with excellent views of the city. We found a Fish &amp; Chip shop near the hotel which did proper chips and not those silly American fries.Over all a good stay at a nice hotel with friendly and helpful staff.	
Oct 1 2009 	Nice hotel good location	We stayed here for 4 nights and found the hotel to be in a very good location in order to access public transport (the California line cable car starts on the corner of California and Van Ness)- which in San Francisco is excellent and makes all the usual sights easy to reach. The staff were friendly and helpful, especially the concierge. Our room was adequate in terms of amenieties and size. Didn't eat in any of the restaurants but had a drink in one of the bars, which was fine and reasonably priced (for SF!). The hotel has a small gift shop where you can buy a travel card for the Muni. There is a small outdoor heated pool but we didn't get chance to try it, there are other rooms overlooking it along with, I think, some sort of staff room, which might put some people off. The hotel wouldn't win any prizes for beauty but, as long as we could get a good online deal again, we'd definitely stay here again.	
Sep 23 2009 	Very helpful beautiful clean room and worth the money	We booked here for our honeymoon, before hiring our car a couple of days later. On arrival (which was only mins from the airport) we were shown to a beautiful room, which overlooked nearly the whole of San Francisco, it was amazing. The staff were helpful and the breakfast in the morning is the best I've ever tasted, it was gorgeous. There is a shuttle to and from the airport, which is only approx £12.00 each. Lots of restaurants close by and there is a bus straight to Pier 33 etc for Alcatrazz , Lombard St etcWould definately, stay here again, loved it!!Fiona - Isle of Man/UK	
Sep 19 2009 	Could be better	We stayed here for 2 nights.We had a what would have been a great view of the city had the windows not been so filthy.Dirty hotel room windows give such a poor overall impression.Food prices as usual in city hotels very high for what is only mediocre microwaved food.We ate there as it was late one night but wished we hadn't.Not a bad location but generally a hotel that has become a bit 'retired on the job'And please get the windows cleaned!!	
Sep 13 2009 	Friendly service and great location	We stayed here for three nights. Very friendly staff, every staff member we saw said hello. There is a Whole Foods across the street, Starbucks next door, and a great Indian place around the corner. Excellent location close to all the great neighbourhoods. We walked everywhere (our legs did get sore). Although we had booked on priceline for $60, they still upgraded us to a corner room because it was our honeymoon. Nice, big LCD tv. Only downside is the parking fee, but we found a lot nearby for $20 a night with in and out privileges (on the 500 block of Jones St.). It also has a great roof top pool.	
Sep 10 2009 	Rip Off that Looks Like a Bargain	I paid $90 a night through priceline, figureing it was a good deal. Similar hotels in the area were offering $120-140 for a single night with parking. I was excited to get $90. Unfortunately they don't tell you that they charge $36 a night for parking and (if you don't carry a credit card, and who wants to with their current rates?) they charge $100 PER NIGHT OF STAY to your debit card. Of course, you get that $100 per night back if you don't damage their rooms. However, it did mean that all of my spending money for the weekend was tied up parking the car and securing the room. The rooms are TINY. Don't believe the pictures on their website. Saying the neighborhood is transitional is being nice. I walked to the bagel shop and was appalled by the people on the street. Would've used the pool if it wasn't constantly full of children (even at 10pm). The &quot;city view&quot; from our room was primarily of the rental car lot below. I found the staff at check-in and check-out pretty rude, especially when I didn't want my whole spending money account frozen all weekend. Why it's $100 a night is beyond me-it seems that they should be able to do $100 for the whole time...and the maid service can tell them if something is broken. The area was convenient to sightseeing and the beds were good...but I won't be staying again. I paid more for parking and &quot;room security&quot; than I did to book the room each night. NOT the bargain it appears. Room service folks were awesome though!	
Sep 2 2009 	Great hotel great hotel stuff.	Great hotel stuff, I was surprised that they don't have a priority check-in for gold and platinum members. Hated to stay in line. At the check-in desk, the employee was very proffesional and offered if I need help with the luggage. Also I requested to be on the top floor, and I was assigned 24th floor, which was nice. The room is very small, but clean. AC/HEATER worked good, little bit noisy. Clean bathroom, good shower. 2 bathrobes in the room, coffee maker, ice bucket, iron board. Check out time was fast and easy, also very proffesional stuff. Good training. Will deffenetly be back to this hotel on my next business travel. Parking was kind of expensive, but so as everywhere else in San Francisco!	
Aug 25 2009 	Did not like the location or hotel	The hotel is at the end of the trolley route about 10 - 15 minutes from Union Square. Really poor kerb appeal - did not feel safe and a smell of drugs in the air around the hotel entrance with homeless people hanging around as we got out of the taxi. The staff were average. I remember my room was a corner room so it had windows on two sides with good views over the city. Breakfast was ok but nothing special. On one of the nights we returned from the shops to find a metal needle sticking out of the bed between the bed throw. By this time I has ordered room service but I really felt the Duty Manager was thinking that we were complaining just to get money back and this was not the case. I am a Priority Club member and I stay at Holdiay Inn and Express in the UK. We were given our room service for free when we checked out and everything was resolved. If I was coming back here I would look for something off Union Square.	
Aug 18 2009 	Good hotel for a reasonable price	Stayed here as the first part of a trip around California. Found the check in quick and easy and the staff friendly. Room with two double beds on the 14th floor was well equipped and clean and a good size for four of us, with a good view of the cable cars. A twenty minute walk took us to Union Square area where we ate on a night. Used Starbucks on Van Ness and Miller's Deli on Polk Street for breakfast as hotel food was expensive. Location was fine for us were happy to walk, but Uniion Square is probably better if you like to be at the centre of things.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great location but average hotel	This hotel is in one of the best locations in all of San Francisco right on Van Ness Avenue. The only reason I stayed here was for a seminar, but I stayed in a suite and the room was huge and the service was excellent. The staff is very friendly, and none of the hotel was dirty. Their concierge isn't great, and their breakfast is average, but lunch is a lot better. The cable car leaves from right around the corner, so that is a convenient way to get into the city. Overall, if you have to go to San Francisco stay somewhere else, but it is a good deal.	
Jul 19 2009 	Good location nice views	We chose this hotel for it's location and because my husband is a priority club member. My husband participated in the Alcatraz Challenge which started at Crissy Field and we wanted to be a short drive away from there. It began too early on Sunday morning to be able to use the public transportation. Usually we do not rent a car when visiting SF but this time we had first been to San Jose and we were going to spend a few days in the wine country. Parking a car in SF is difficult and expensive. We paid $82 to park at this hotel from Saturday to Monday ($36/day plus tax). However, we like to walk everywhere so we left the car at the hotel and did not have to worry about parking around town. We walked to Lombard St, the ferry Building, Pier 33 (Alcatraz Cruise), and City Lights Bookstore. On our last day, we got a late check out (2 pm) and were told the car could stay in their garage until 6pm--a nice plus. The only places we drove to were the Cliff House (amazing views, Camera Obscura, and Sutro Baths) and to Crissy Field (in the Presidio). Parking is plenty and free at both of these locations. We had a corner room on the 15th floor with amazing views. The room had a king bed and not much floor space. Although it was a nonsmoking room, we could tell it had once been a smoking room. If you are super sensitive to smoke, be sure to ask for a room that has never been exposed to it. The hotel was renovated a few years back but they obviously did not strip out the smoky carpet. It was nice to have a refrigerator and microwave. We chose to grab breakfast items at the Whole Foods (very close by) rather than pay for breakfast in the restaurant. We paid $128 total per night (not including parking) using the advance pay option which was not bad for the location. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 12 2009 	good hotel for a city stay	good check in experience. platimum membership probably helped. room on 25th floor with excellent views of the city, although disappointed not to be on the Golden Gate side, compact room big bed, bathroom ok, bit tired and dated, small good shower. noisy air con. staff all very friendly. welcome drink sent to room from manager, only 1 though, when there were 2 of us! he also left a message on the phone saying how pleased he was we were staying there!location was at the end of the California cable car line so we were able to get about the city very easily. we bought the muni passes to make it a great economical way of getting around. $5 a go on the cable car is a lot, but when you buy a weeks pass for $24 then its very worthwhile even if only there for 4 and a half days as we were. We also used the passes on the buses (3 times) and on the underground. (once)Free wi fi access also which was handy and worked well.all in all a good choice, maybe on reflectio we would have prefered to stay in Fisherman's wharf area as we went there more often.	
Jun 26 2009 	Great stay	The rooms were very clean and the views were greatNice PoolFriendliest staff anywhere! Im talking check-in, maids, maintenence, bell hop, restaurant, hostess. Everyone went out of their way to make our stay wonderfulcentral location	
Jun 25 2009 	Great price clean and comfortable room	Stayed here for Memorial Day weekend and still got a great rate through Priceline. The bed was super comfortable and the service was great. The only negative was the price of parking.	
Jun 21 2009 	Good choice	We got a room on the 23rd floor with spectacular views. The room and bathroom is a bit outdated but we enjoyed our stay.	
Jun 20 2009 	Great for business!	This hotel was a VERY nice hotel. It had a pool, laundry room, large bathrooms, great interior design (bedsprings, curtains, carpet), great conference rooms, and the bed was VERY comfortable and you can request special pillows. The only thing I didn't like about the hotel was its location. It wasn't near the pier, good shopping, or the ocean. I would stay here for business, but for pleasure I would choose a hotel closer to the pier area or some of the nicer areas in the city.	
Jun 16 2009 	Well located and good value for the money	I stayed at the hotel for a seminar. The staff were very friendly and helpfull. The room was nice. The hotel is well located. It is located next to a cable car turn around. You can take the cable car to China town and other great parts of the city. There are many restaurants with in walking distance. The only negative is they charge $35 a night for parking.	
Jun 15 2009 	Fine for sleeping	Stayed here for 5 nights with 3 other friends to visit a friend from college that had moved to San Francisco. We spent no time at the hotel and did not spend much on the room ($80/night total, $20/night per guy) thanks to a great deal on the flight+hotel package. The rooms were smaller, but we had 4 guys with us, staff was very friendly, free wireless (new access code each day, just call downstairs and they will tell you the code), quick access to cabs and the trolley to get anywhere in the city. If you are looking for a cheap place to sleep while taking in San Francisco I would recommend this place.	
Jun 11 2009 	comfortable with spectacular views.	We stayed here for three days in June and we were pleasantly surprised by quality ofthis hotel. I had read some of the previous reviews here and was slightly dubious buthave no fear this is a good hotel. We were on one of the top floors and the view overSan Francisco is wonderful. The lifts here were another pleasant surprise....they must be the fastest in any hotel we've ever stayed in.  The only downside I could notice was the somewhat scuzzy pool but unless you're here just for swimming it's no great loss . One good tip .... ask the lady who works in the hotel shop for any advise about buses,places to eat etc. She's a real fount of knowledge and very friendly.	
May 30 2009 	Great views and decent location.	Stayed here as part of a 3 centre holiday booked through Monster Travel (and also United Vacations)It was a nice, if quite business like hotel. The location was handy as a cable car stopped just around te corner, which took you direct to the downtown area.	
May 23 2009 	OK Hotel	I stayed here for bussiness but stayed an extra night for fun. The hotel was clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. However, the location is not great, a bit of a walk to the sites/dinner through shady areas but cabs were always right out front. The hotel was dated and the rooms were small, but it was clean. Our towel rack fell off the wall and they had it fixed within 15mins. The food there was decent also.Overall this is a decent hotel and the price was not to bad, if I had a choice I would research to see if I could get a hotel in a better location for a comparable price. A big plus is that wireless internet was free (just call the front desk for a code)Also had an outdoor pool, that people were in bright and early, if you plan on sleeping in get a room away from the pool.	
May 20 2009 	Great Location Good Hotel	The hotel is located in Van Ness and California, really convenient for shightseeing, there is a bus stop righ enfront of the hotel and most of the tourist attraction are located within walking distance.Rooms are quite spacious and clean but the decoration is very dated and it does look quite old. We had a room facing the pool on the sixth floor and I guess that it would be quite enjoyable if it was sunny, we did not have much luck with the weather so it was a bit annoying as there was people (staff) around the terrace all the time.The staff we had any contact with were all really friendly and helpful, I guess that I will go back to this hotel in the future if I find a good deal.	
May 12 2009 	Great view but not the best location	We had a qiute small but nice and comfortable room on the 12th floor - the view was stuning! Friendly and helpful staff and over all a nice and quiet hotel. We had a meal at the restaurant and it was all tasty and good. We also ordered a pizza from room service, it was really tiny. Next time we go to SF we will probably try to find a hotel with a better location - either at Fishermans´s Wharf or close to Union Square.	
Apr 28 2009	The Best	We stayed at this hotel for 4 days as we prepared to bury a relative. The staff was so accommodating as we had to hurry to San Francisco and had no idea where we were going. I casually mentioned to a gentleman at the front desk staff why I was in town during check-in and every time the gentleman saw me and my family he asked about my family and my day. This tone was set with their entire staff through out our stay which made it so much easier to return to the hotel after our long days. The hotel was very well kept, reasonable and close to everywhere we needed to go. I wasn't worried about the area as it was in a nice part of town... I felt safe walking out of the hotel. I would definitely return. The only drawback was that the lobby was FREEZING! We could never figure out why the lobby and hallways were so cold... but atleast the rooms weren't.	
Apr 20 2009 	Can't Beat its location within S.F.	We stayed two night at Holiday Inn San Francisco Golden Gateway and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Like other reviewers of this hotel, we find its location very convenient. The California line cable car is just around the corner. We used it to get to the Ferry Building, Chinatown and a couple of restaurants. I took the advice of other reviewers and asked for a room away from the ice machine and the elevator. The room was comfortable, clean and quiet. Parking was expensive but that's true at every hotel in SF. My only complaint is that the front desk was always short-staffed. It took waiting in line 20 minutes to check in on a Friday afternoon at 4pm because there were only 2 people working. When we checked out on Sunday morning, there was only one person working at the front desk so the wait was also long. They also have to answer the phone so that added to the wait time. It's probably due to this economic environment; everyone is cutting back on staff.All in all, it was a nice hotel to stay at and a good value.	
Apr 19 2009	Take in San Francisco....cheaper.	Our first trip to San Francisco was in September of 2006. My husband and I were going for our son's wedding. We live in Ohio and had not been on a vacation for about 10 years so we were due. We had just got over some financial difficulties and money was very tight. I booked a hotel/ flight package on line through a site where you bid on a 4 star hotel, site unseen and name unknown until you commit to staying. (stupid stupid stupid). The hotel we &quot;won&quot; was not to bad. It looked clean and the people who worked there were very friendly. The first night a Thursday was pretty quiet. Then the next day we were gone all day when we returned to our hotel it was loud with music and people coming and going. Turns out it was the First Annual Gay Cowboy Rodeo being held at our hotel for the weekend. Which we have no problem with but we didn't see a single horse while we were there hmmmm.  So while we are there for our son's wedding and having free time between rehearsals and dinners and fittings we did some site seeing with another couple. We decided we wanted to ride the trolley and go to China town and also Fishermans's Wharf. We walked to the Trolley ticket both and while there we went ahead and purchased Bart passes I think we paid $35 or $40 apiece to ride for several days and it covered buses also.  We ended up not using the passes enough to have made them worth the purchase, we ended up walking most places and other times our son picked us up. We also spent quite a bit on food eating at the nearby restaurants. We just went to ones real close to the Hotel and didn't really look for other options.  We had to go back to San Fran in Sept of 2008 to see our new granddaughter born on 8-8-08. We were a little wiser this time and the experience was so much better and a lot less expensive.This time we picked and got a hotel/ flight package of our choice. We stayed at the Golden Gate Holiday inn. We found out we could jump on the city bus for a $1 each and get a transfer and pretty much ride all day. We were there 5 days and only spent about $12 on transportation big difference from the $75 last trip. We wanted to go to Alcatraz so we called the number on a brochure in the room and found out it was smarter to go down and purchase your tickets a day in advance. While checking out the brochures the hotel offered for nearby attractions we found coupons for money off for Alcatraz. We also found coupons for McDonalds buy one get one free sandwich. When we went down to the wharf (by bus $2) to purchase tickets to Alcatraz. There was a McDonalds so we had lunch I got 2 double cheeseburgers for $1. I took one back to room and put it in the mini fridge. My husband got 2 fish for around $3 so it was a cheap lunch. We also found a place called Crepes a go go. They are big, good and cheap it made two meals for me. We also found a neaby grocery and bought some snacks to keep in our room. We tried many different ethnic foods at small places that we found had great food for little money. We saw all the sites we had wanted to including a trip to Haight Ashbury. We walked across the Golden gate and went back to China town We had a lot more money for shopping this time since we learned how to travel cheaper in San Fran.	
Apr 11 2009 	Comfortable for Business but nor Leisure	Overall the hotel was not a bad stay, beds were comfortable and customer service was adequate. The issues I had with this hotel was I was visited for three day stay and not being familiar with the town I wanted a hotel with a fitness center. The fitness center had two tread mills, two elliptical, and two bikes,some free weights and a bench. It was sufficient for my needs but did not have any cleaning towelettes to wipe up after my workout, did not have any cups to get a drink of water. Space was taken away by the Coke machine in the fitness center. Informed the staff and just shrugged it off, was not replaced during my stay. Now for the room, overall it was large enough for me and my family. The bathroom had mold on the corners of the showers and on the ceiling. It appeared that someone attempted to paint over it but it was still coming through. No for the biggest, San Francisco has limited parking but for a three day stay at the hotel I am stay it cost me over a 120 dollars. I understand parking is a premium but if I did not stay at the hotel it was cheap at 4 dollars a day to park all day. Lastly I am a member of the hotel chains preferred club but went unnoticed. I received nothing upon check in and the daily USA today that was to be deliver on a daily basis. I received my first one on the day of check out. I mentioned this twice to the staff and the only reasoning I received was that they were having issues with their deliveries. Enough of the bashing, the location is great considering both the the MUNI and Cable car located right out side and easy to use. Plenty of restaurants in the area if you dont want to pay for the over priced restaurants downtown and on the Wharf. Plenty of selection for foods any time of the day along with a wide variety of coffee shops within a one block area. Probably would not stay again unless on business.	
Apr 2 2009 	Terrific with slight down pour	The hotel was great, physically speaking. When i and my friend arrived, we waled in to a very calm, peaceful, and warm front desk area. The attendant at the desk was very delightful, and although we arrived 3 hours before check in time, he was able to get us into a room within an hour. While only on the 9 floor, we had spectacular views of the city skyline. The standard rooms were perfect size! We were were equipped with 2 full sized beds, free wifi, a mini fridge, bathroom, flat screen tv, and enough space for two women to throw all of their over packed luggage around! It is located in a very convenient area. Surround by a spew of ethnic eateries, 2 blocks from Mel's Drive in, 3 blocks from an AMC theater, walking distance to Downtown, Fisherman's wharf, and China Town. Cable car pick up on the corner, and bus pick up approx. one block away. Not too busy of an area, yet not extremely quiet either. While the hotel and area surrounding it was fabulous, i did have a slight problem with room service. I called to simple ask for 2 spoons and 2 cups, and did not receive them. While this is not that large of a problem, it was an inconvenience.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great views nice rooms safe location pricey parking.	The gf and I were on a road trip up from San Diego and found this room for a very good price online. We stayed 1 night, as planned.The hotel: The good - Its a pretty impressive modern looking hotel from outside and in a nicer part of the city (a little north of the Tenderloin district). The lobby was spacious, but we arrived fairly late and went straight to our room. The room was very nicely updated and furnished (flat panel tv, nice bed, nice armchair, good desk, minifridge...). The view from the room was amazing, pretty much the entire wall was glass; it was a very impressive view. Free wifi was nice (required code from the front desk), internet was a little slow at first, but in the morning it was very fast. The bad- The bathroom looked like it hadn't been properly cleaned (dirty sink..), also we found blood on one of the pillow cases, so we threw it on the ground. Obviously, we had a bad housekeeper. Parking was almost 1/2 of our room cost at $41 a night after taxes!Location:Its 'central' location in San Francisco means that walking to anywhere is a task: the only walkable touristy place is Japan town, which is about 8 blocks away. We drove up and parked (paid 10$ a day) in little italy and walked around chinatown and fisherman's wharf. However, there also is a trolley that you can take up north or down to the civic center/financial area.	
Mar 28 2009 	Not bad but probably can do better	We stayed at this hotel because the price dropped to a &quot;reasonable&quot; rate for the Superior View rooms. We decided to check it out because of the views that this hotel offers from its higher level rooms. We got a room on the 25th floor (out of 26) facing west on the Van Ness Ave. side. For the most part, the views did not disappoint. In fact, it was awesome, because the weather was crystal-clear, and the view was unimpeded all the way past Sausilito to the north, and San Bruno Mountain to the south, and everywhere in-between. The location of this hotel is good, but you are not directly adjacent to any major attraction. The California cable car line does terminate right beside the hotel. Otherwise, it's a short taxi or bus ride to Fisherman's Wharf, the Golden Gate Bridge, Chinatown, Golden Gate Park, or Union Square. If you're in really good walking shape, most any of these places are reachable by foot, but the hills can make for a vigorous workout. Some people have even complained about this hotels location. One small warning from an ex-San Franciscan,...don't walk south on Van Ness Ave towards the Civic Center. Within several blocks of the hotel is an area known as &quot;The Tenderloin&quot;,....which is where many of the city's vagrants and homeless congregate, and you will probably be pan-handled. This is the only negative thing I can say about that area of San Francisco,..and it's not really all that bad,...just not a place for an evening family stroll. As for the hotel itself, it has a pool with a neat view of Nob Hill on the east side. Our floor was undergoing some minor renovations, as when we stepped off the elevator, there was a guy doing minor work in the hall (no noise). The room was clean, had a mini-refrigerator at no extra charge, and clean bedding. However the bed itself was not the most comfortable. Overall, the hotel was okay, and if priced any higher, we probably would've stayed elsewhere, but the view was great. DINING TIP nearby: Tommy's Joynt is a few blocks south on Van Ness across from the Cathedral Hill Hotel. I know I said not to venture south on Van Ness, but this cafeteria -style eaterie serves great carved-to-order meals until very late at night. Skip the over-priced hotel fare, as there are plenty of other culinary options up &amp; down Van Ness or 1 block over on Polk Street. Overall, not a bad hotel, bedding could be better, but will probably choose elsewhere next time, unless you're looking for a killer view, which this hotel has!	
Mar 20 2009 	Good position for sightseeing	This is a good hotel and we had room 1603 on the sixteenth floor which had great viewsof the city.Nice large rooms and very comfortable.If you want to travel around the city onthe trams and trolley buses for a day or two it is worth buying a pass for $11 each atthe Holiday Inn gift shop and they will give you a city map with all the routes marked.Youcan travel on any of the forms of transport all day long with the pass so you can makeas many trips as you wish and the drivers are really helpful if you ask where to get off etc.Fishermans Wharf is great to wander around by day or night.Several nice shops andsome good restaurants .Beware of the guy who invites you into his camera shop in thestreet opposite Fishermans Wharf there are two of them one is possibly chinese andthe boss is Italian.They use any pretence to get you in and then try to pressurise youinto buying cameras or lens and are very persistent.There so many places to see dontmiss the harbour cruise out to Alcatraz and you have a lovely view of the Golden GateBridge.We were only there for two days and you cant see it all in that time but if you cango to China Town at night its well worth it to see all the colourful shops and lights.Thiswas one of the highlights of our trip to San Francisco.	
Feb 27 2009 	Good location	This is a nice middle of the road hotel.Its clean,fantastic location as the tram stop is right outside.The bathrooms are a bit small and outdated but the spectacular views more than make up for this.Lovely eating places just round the corner such as Greek and Pizza.The public transport is very cheap and easy to use and we both throughly enjoyed our stay here.	
Feb 17 2009 	Okay but would not stay here again.	This hotel is centrally located in San Francisco. Half way between Fisherman's Warf and Union Square. The only touristy thing nearby is the California Street Cable Car Line ends right next to this hotel. The room was fine. Clean and nice. While we were there, San Francisco was having cold, rainly weather. For some reason, the hallway that our room was on was freezing. No heat what so ever. I couldn't understand it. Also, they used to give shampoo, conditioner and lotion in the bathroom. Now, they only give a small bottle of shampoo. The maid told us that if we wanted conditioner or lotion that we had to call the front desk. The free internet was poor in the room and kept disconnecting. The hotel restaurant served a good breakfast but was pricey. Stay away from the buffet since it was about $16 for really nothing special. Heck, at Embassy Suites, this same type of breakfast buffet is free. But ordering off the menu was still about $15 each but the food was good and hot.We didn't use it, but the parking was, I think, about $40 per day. Due to this, we decided to use taxis and public transportation instead of renting a car. I am sure we came out ahead rather than paying this high parking fee.I didn't really like to stay in this location as a tourist. I would rather stay near Fisherman's Warf where there are more restaurants and touristy options	
Dec 29 2008 	Value and Location Plus Views Equals Great	Location is very good, plus my room was a corner room with Golden Gate and bay views. I literaly woke up to the Golden Gate bridge in view. Super close to an amazing cheese store and wine store, so pre-dinner snacks each night with those views were superb!!!!Room was clean, perfect, small (expected in SF) and I walked or took transit to literally everywhere I needed to be.Front lobby and front drive team struggled. The hotel seems stuck between a limited service and full service. One night I was late for a dinner reservation and the bellman was so occupied helping an english-language-challenged group get on a bus I had to literally jump into the busy road and try and flag down a cab myself. Another time I was late for a business meeting and again struggled to get help and a cab. Overall, however, I would highly recommend this hotel. The location, views, price, overall value and service are all in allignment. Had a great stay!	
Dec 8 2008	Hated the Gateway Holiday Inn in San Francisco	A friend and I went to San Francisco on November 1, 2008, to attend the opera. After driving for 10 hours from San Diego in the pouring rain, we arrived at our hotel, the Gateway Holiday Inn on Van Ness Avenue. When we got to your room, we found that it was filthy. The bathtub was wet and had a hair in it, the bathroom floor had a large blob of soap scum on it, and the towels smelled like sour milk, which is an indication that there were bacteria on the towels. This is a health hazard. We tried to get ice for the room, but discovered that the ice machine had been removed from our floor. We asked to have the room cleaned, and were told that the room could not be cleaned for several hours. We also asked for clean towels. Those were brought to the room, but they smelled of sour milk, also. We asked the hotel to find us another hotel, but all they said they could find was a hotel in another area of town. Since we didn;t know our way around the city, we decided against that option. So, we decided to leave. We had been at the hotel for about an hour and a half. When we left, we were told that there would be no charges whatsoever for our one and a half hour stay at the hotel. Then, we drove for 45 minutes in the dark and in the rain to Palo Alto, where we knew of another hotel. The next day, we had to take a cab into the city to attend the opera...to the tune of $200 round trip. There was no other way we knew of to get to the opera house, which does not have parking. A few days ago, my friend's credit card statement arrived with two charges from the Holiday Inn for $50 and one charge for $38.75. When she called the hotel, she was told that the charges were for two sets of misdsing towels, a missing alarm clock, and for parking. We were absolutely outraged. We're not thieves! Our guess is that the hotel is doing this for spite because we dared to tell them that their hotel was filthy. We've called Holiday Inn's corporate offices, but were told that this particular hotel is a franchise and that we'll have to argue this out with the hotel. We have no idea who stole items from the hotel room, but it certainly wasn't us. We would never stay at this hotel again, and certainly recommend that others avoid it also.	
Nov 24 2008 	Decent Hotel	I stayed here for 3 nights on a business trip. Overall I thought the hotel was in good condition and the rooms were nice (small, but nice). The hotel is 26 stories tall, and I was on the 22nd story. I enjoyed the view from my hotel room; I looked out at downtown San Francisco and the water. The location is nice as well. I was able to see several tourist locations from this hotel. The staff are great, and very informative. I had to pay $35 a night to park my car in their personal parking lot. Be warned about that. However, it would have cost a pretty penny to park my car anywhere in San Francisco.	
Nov 16 2008 	Good value hotel in a convenient location	Stayed 4 nights here. Good location and about 100 yards from one of the cable car terminii. Also at the top of Van Ness Avenue which is one of the main roads through San Francisco so it was fairly easy to find and easy to get away from.Our room was on 17th floor overlooking Chinatown. Good room size. Clean. Fridge in room and also iron and ironing board. Limited hanging space for clothes but we managed.Lots of restaurants within easy walking distance of the hotel if you don't want to eat your evening meal in the hotel. We found an excellent Thai one just around the corner which was also very cheap. You can park in the hotel car park which is secure but not cheap but the lift goes to the car park so there is no problem with luggage.Breakfast is buffet and was fine.We loved San Francisco. If I returned I would stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 2 2008 	I didn't like this hotel	I was not impressed with this hotel. Firstly, the lobby was dreary and depressing and the check in staff were not friendly. However, Ben in the gift shop was SUPERB, he checked all my flight details and booked me a shuttle to the airport,. The lady in the gift shop changed my shuttle for me the following day, and made my travel arrangements so much easier as I needed to leave earlier. I appreciated that. The room, 704, itself was O.K.there was a view of the San Francisco skyline, but, I also had a roof top with a generator which did not sound or look too pretty! Room service provided me with a lovely table, rose and candle, but, for some reason, overcharged me to the tune of about $7 and I did not inquire why!!! Overall, the room was pretty average and the bathroom was mediocre, although I have to say, I did sleep like a log!, bed was clean and comfy. The bellhop was very helpful but,because the room was way overpriced, the location was too far out and as a woman travelling alone, I was not made to feel too welcome by the check in staff, I would not stay here again or recommend it to others...By the way, the coffee in the rooms was just disgusting....	
Oct 31 2008 	Great alternative to avoid expensive hotels	We stayed 3 nights at the last floor.The room was oriented to east and the view to San Francisco was great.The location is great arriving by car. Parking cost is expensive but cheaper than all other similar hotels in San Francisco. It makes the difference when you are quoting where to stay with car.The parking lot is between first and fourth floor. Space to park is narrow.The hotel is just next to the Cable Car final station, where you can go until embarcadero crossing chinatown.Hotel is big and old, but room are pretty and clean.For security you need to pass through your room card key at the elevator to press your floor number.Because the front desk is not right in the entrance, you can feel that the lobby is almost public and then you need to be alert.	
Oct 25 2008 	Quite happy	Very near to the cable car stop, which was really handy, and a great touristy thing to do. The room itself was pretty average - a bit dated, but was adequate for our needs. Our room had a great view of the Golden Gate bridge which was good.Would probably go back.	
Oct 24 2008 	Ok place to stay in SF. Nice view.	Stayed at the Holiday Inn for three nights while on vacation in San Francisco.The hotel room is small, but it was nice. We were two persons in the room, and a queen bed felt a bit small. The bathroom was also small, and cold. The room was on the 25th floor, and the view was great.As a tourist, the hotel is a bit far away from everything. It is 30 min+ of walking time down do Fisherman's Wharf, it is however possible to take a buss. Taxi ride down to Fisherman's Wharf costs around $10. The hotel is however at the end of the California street Cable Car, this can be used to get around.Had breakfast at the hotel all three days. The buffet was nice, and a ok price. The people in the front desk was also friendly, and Internet was free, There ware some minor problems: Using the business center (printer and computer) was expensive, and the people working in the gift shop was not very friendly.	
Oct 22 2008 	Not Returning	Have stayed here several times over the past year for business. It has served my purpose so to speak. I liked the adjacent parking it cost around $36.00 plus tax. Parking in SF is a pain in general. However, I have grown weary of the lack of attention to detail in the room including the complimentary toiletries which sounds minor but has caused me inconvenience on more than one occasion. it is good enuff for a night or two maximum. But I am looking around for more amenities for the money next time because I have grown tired of the lack of attention to basic hotel detail.	
Oct 19 2008 	Not my favorite.	Lets talk about the good things first. Location is not that bad. Great views of the city depending what side of the building you are. Good food at the restaurant downstairs with very friendly waiters and bartender. The only thing I like about the rooms is the flat screen tv. The rooms are not that bad, but need upgrades. Very Holiday Inn. My alarm clock was like from the 80s, and I notice the have different types on other rooms. This was my forth stay here. (not my choice).Not very friendly at the front desk. Not sure if it was because they knew were are there for work or what. The lady at the gift shop was soooooooooo rude to me. (only cash by the way). The workers at the restaurant are the nicest on that hotel. They have parking at the hotel. (check for pricing). The happy hour at 4:30 PM was not that bad, and they have great burgers. The cleaning staff knocked at my door twice with my &quot;do not dirturb&quot; sign on. The hotel is not that bad, but there is no excuse to be rude to a guest. I will not stay here with friends. Sorry. :-(	
Oct 18 2008	Not the handiest base for sightseeing.	We stayed here for three nights.Our room was on the tenth floor at the front overlooking the street. The windows were not double-glazed and it was a bit noisy. Also the bedding was very warm which didn’t help when it came to sleeping.Apart from this the room was clean and comfortable and the aircon unit was good.We ate dinner one night in the hotel’s Interlude Bar and Grill and found the food and service to be good and the prices reasonable.The service and choice at breakfast was good too.The position of the hotel is not the greatest when it comes to sightseeing and the area around the hotel is a bit run down.	
Sep 30 2008 	Loved It!!!!!	I stayed there for 3 days,2 nights and loved it!!!It's close to everything it's clean and safe, the bathrooms are clean, they change your towels only if you throw them on the floor (to reduce spending water and save the planet! \0/ ) and the guest service was nice.The man at the front let us get our room 3 hours before our check in! I was so happy!!!I am going again there this thanksgiving, and can't wait to see one of my favorite cities, at my favorite hotel!!!	
Sep 15 2008 	Comfortable but noisy hotel	There are plenty of good things to say about this hotel - the beds are comfortable, the views from every window are great, there are plenty of restaurants and a good wholefoods supermarket nearby. It's on the California cable car line, and it's on Van Ness......city to the east, suburbs to the west. On the down side, the rooms can be noisy, especially if you have an interconnecting door, and there are lots of group bookings. You can hear people talking next door, and the ice machine near rooms numbered **16 to **22 sounds like an earthquake. The space under the door is wide enough for a housemaid to squeeze under, let alone hear every conversation in the hallway. Rooms facing Van Ness get the traffic, so the Polk side is quieter. I emailed the hotel 3 times to request an upgrade to my corporate rate and never received a reply. Communication and customer service is not their strong point. They did however arrange a higher room on check-in for free. Parking is overpriced, at $34 a day, when you can park in California just west of Van Ness for only $20. Overall a good hotel if you are a sound sleeper and don't want 4 star quality or service.	
Sep 15 2008 	Good hotel	Loved this hotel, staff we great , rooms were clean and the pool was lovely in the mornings! Its on a good location near the California St cable car stop.We got a really good price on the hotel and I couldn't fault it.Just don't walk out of the hotel left and carry on for 15 minutes, this takes you through the Tenderloin, which my friends and I discovered by accident it can be a little rough.This said the area behind the hotel (Polk Village) was great, there's some nice places to get in particular the Mexican (can't remember the name of it) was great!The shop serves as an information desk too, they are very helpful and all day travel cards can be bought from them.Overall really happy with our stay here.	
Aug 23 2008	Nice Place to Stay	Excellent place to stay to experience San Francisco. Good breakfast, freindlly helpful staff. Try the Grubsteak Restaurant on Pine (around the corner - highly recommended).	
Aug 13 2008	A bit in the middle of nowhere	Our first visit to SF and found it quite confusing at first. It was not as close to the city centre as we had been led to believe.The hotel is in Van Ness so good transport links, even next to the California Street cable car. Don't bother trying to walk anywhere, it is all up and down.Breakfast was always in the New Village Cafe, much cheaper than the hotel itself and the only place we found that could make a decent cup of tea! They even opened early on the day we left!Overall okayish, but probably would not go there again.	
Aug 9 2008 	nice hotel would stay again	Nice hotel in good location. Easy transportation to Fisherman Warf. Not much in walking distance. Large room with great view.Ruth's Chris across street.	
Aug 5 2008 	What a Surprise...	My father's Navy Ship Reunion was being held here. My father, sister and I stayed in one room with two beds. Not to be snooty, but I was a little wary about staying in a Holiday Inn. I had no reason to worry. First, it needs to be said...this hotel is not too attractive from the outside. It's worn looking. But it has been completely redone on the inside.  The location is very good. The cable car is right out the front door. the buses run every minute or so down Van Ness. For a good deal, you must buy a Munipass in the gift shop. One trip on the cable car without a pass is $5!! You can get a munipass for $24 for a whole week - it gets you on all cable cars, trolleys and buses. if you are a senior, ask for the discount.The view in our room was spectacular. We were high up and faced east. The whole city was laid out before us. The west facing rooms also had a nice view, but it wasn't quite as interesting and the wind REALLY blew into that side of the building.Our room was attractive. It was large enough for 3 of us, we never seemed to be in each others way. Nice marble tops on the dressers, plasma flat screen TV with HBO, outlets to charge electronics, a large empty refrigerator ( to be filled with food from Whole Foods around the corner ), nice single service coffee machine, comfortable beds with soft high quality linens, nice toiletries - except no conditioner? I loved our shower curtain.The housekeeping was perfect. They were very pleasant and friendly in the hallways. we never once had an experience where they were in our room cleaning when we wanted to be in there. Can't say I'd recommend the restaurant - it's dark, no windows and there are way too many other fantastic restaurants in the city.In summary, i found no bad side to this hotel...especially since our rate was $139/night (reunion rate).	
Aug 4 2008 	An Average Hotel	We stayed for two nights. We arrived very late ie 12.00 midnight because of a long flight delay. The hotel were unable to offer us any refreshment at all and suggested we drink the water in the taps! No biscuits, or any warm drink was offered. There was coffee in the room but no tea and no facilities to make it.The view from our room was wonderful. We had a corner room with two huge picture windows with fantastic views of the city - lovely to wake up to.The room itself was small and certainly not soundproof which made sleeping a problem and considering how tired we were - that's amazing!Good breakfast with good service.	
Jul 21 2008 	very disappointing	Having read some of the reviews we were looking forward to our stay in this hotel but reality was very different. We were upgraded so I hate to think what the standard rooms were like. Very small room. We were on the 19th floor and the windows moved in the wind so constant noise. Not well sited - wish we had stayed at Fisherman's Wharf area. Found some reasonable restuarants nearby but nothing much else. Had to walk or go by bus to get anywhere of note.	
Jul 18 2008 	Reasonably priced central hotel in SF - worth a visit	Having previously stayed at the Four Seasons San Francisco, I was somewhat wary about what we would experience at the Holiday Inn San Francisco Golden Gateway - I need not have worried.This stay was booked at the last minute when most hotels were either sold out or rates were eye-wateringly high - I secured this for USD235 plus tax for one night. Having read a few reviews, I decided that this sounded the better of the various Holiday Inn properties in SF.The hotel is well located on Van Ness, easy to get in and out of from US 101. Parking is reasonable (I believe) in the hotel lot at USD34 per day. Rooms were well proportioned, bed was comfortable, towels good quality, high water pressure from the shower to wake you up, fast and free WIFI in your room (password provided by Front Desk). All staff were incredibly friendly and cheery - if you need a limo, the gift shop staff will help out, they did a great job arranging one to SFO. Oh and another point - the views from higher level rooms at night were just amazing. From a value perspective, I would use this hotel again when in SF. It is not the Four Seasons, but do I think that the Four Seasons is worth more than double the cost of this hotel ? Perhaps not.	
Jul 3 2008 	Close to the cable car	Check in went very smoothly, and throughout our stay the staff were friendly and helpful. We were allocated a room next to the elevators which were quite noisy. Our room was only cleaned once in the space of 4 days. In fairness, housekeeping did leave phone messages for us each evening saying that they had attempted to clean the room but our overnight &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign was still on the door. We tended to leave the room at around 11:30am each day so perhaps they only clean the rooms early in the morning?Other than that, our stay there was perfectly fine. The hotel shop stocks anything that you might need, from toothbrushes to sweaters. Breakfast wasn't included as part of our package but the choice of hot and continental breakfasts was good. The staff in the restaurant were particularly friendly.The cable car stop is right around the corner and I'd recommend it as a means of transport - the hotel shop sells tickets. There's also a Starbucks next door to the hotel, in the lobby of a bank!	
Jun 23 2008 	Not as good as I thought...	My partner and I stayed here just last week and I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be. The hotel itself is okay and in a good location - lots of buses etc and only a 30 min walk to Fisherman's Wharf - where you can book your tour for Alcatraz etc. The guy on the front desk was very nice when we arrived and our room was okay. However, we had the same problem as when we were in Hawaii, we were placed right round the corner of the lifts so could hear them churning around all the time! We also had a view of the main road which wasn't great (we were on the 14th floor). Our rooms were cleaned every day so that was good. Shower wasn't as powerful as most hotels - it seemed like we were each in there for about 45 minutes every day! We asked about a courtesy room for the Thursday we checked out as our flight wasn't until 10pm, the woman said there was then when we asked that same night to book it (think this was the Wed) a different woman said there wasn't!! Very bizarre! She said we could keep our room on until 6pm at a cost of $50 (£25) I thought this was pretty expensive but my partner wanted to keep it on so we did. Overall, it was an okay hotel but a bit noisy for the 3 days we were staying there.	
Jun 19 2008 	Great housekeeping	I stayed in this hotel for three days with my son and his partner last week. The booking was done by phone, and one of my other son's was paying for this as a 'treat'. I was present when he made the reservation and he gave his credit card details and said that the reservation was for his mother, brother and brothers partner. The reservation was later confirmed by email communications. So we get to the hotel - first problem was the credit card hadn't been charged - reservations clerk said when you phone on the 0800 number they cannot charge the credit card given by phone unless the person is present. Explained this was a gift from another family member, and in actual fact from New Zealand we cannot directly ring 0800 numbers in USA and we had rung the hotel phone number. For some odd reason they had given us a bottle of champagne and two glasses (yes 3 of us staying) which of course we were charged for, and there is no way the desk people would accept we hadn't ordered this 'special'. Room service finishes too early. Going out to a reataurant we asked the receptionist for a cab to be called - receptionist suggested we hail a cab but said she would call anyway. The moment we left the lobby to hail a cab she put the phone down - obviously had no intention of following through. The hotel site states they have a 'guest laundry' - when asking where it was and what hours it was open were told that they have run out of laundry powder so it was closed. Coffee machine provided with one disposable cup (for hygiene) for three of us - no milk in fridge. Other hotels we stayed at provided small milk containers. On the positive side - excellent housekeeping - clean rooms - comfortable beds - good shower.	
Apr 26 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Very impressed with this hotel. The front desk staff was extremely professional and friendly as were all the hotel employees I met. From my room on the 20th floor, the view was spectacular. Housekeeping was also first rate and everything was nice and comfortable. The location of this hotel is quite convenient with frequent buses on Van Ness and the California St. cable car just around the corner. One half block west on California is a Whole Foods supermarket. Definitely would like to stay in this hotel again next time I'm in San Francisco.	
Apr 26 2008	Great for Groups!	I was taking a group (on a low budget) to San Francisco and I had some problems finding an affordable hotel. Travelzoo had a rates for this hotel that were about 50% off the rack rate, so I snapped them up.I called to book the rooms and the reservationist was pleasant and chatty, not just a reservation robot. He reassured me this would be a great place to stay. The concierge helped set up a group charter from the airport that was fantastic.The front desk was always helpful. We got in kind of late for West Coast time (and we were still on East Coast time) and the front desk gentlemen were very friendly and check-in was a breeze. I asked the concierge and front desk staff questions throughout the stay and they were always friendly and pleasant.The rooms were clean and comfortable. While the neighborhood is really good and very safe the elevator still requires a room key swipe to go to any floor with hotel rooms, which is a nice added security feature.Public transportation abounds right outside the hotel, and just around the corner is the stop for the California line of the famous SF Cable Cars. Make sure to buy the tourist passes that provide unlimited rides on buses, trolleys AND cable cars ($5 one way without it!) and you can visit anywhere in the city and then come back to a safe, clean comfortable hotel.There are great neighborhood restaurants for all price levels all over the place, too. This hotel would be great for a variety of visitors, business, pleasure, families, and professionals. It's definitely worth the rack rate, it was just an extra special find for a group planner on a budget! I can't believe the deal we got!	
Apr 25 2008 	Excellent Hotel Excellent Location!	We stayed here for 2 nights in April. Check-in was a breeze, so friendly, made you feel so welcome! The room on the 24th floor was beautiful, with amazing views of the city! We used the hotels parking, which came to about $35 per night, but it is convienient and safe. We got a 3 day Muni pass for $18 which gives you unlimited travel on the cable cars, trams and buses, which was excellent and we saw most of the city this way.The hotel is in a very nice area, with plenty of shops and restaurants withing walking distance. The best thing about it is that the California cable car line starts and stops right outside the hotel!And while you are in SF, don't forget to do theAlcatraz tour, it is fab!	
Apr 24 2008 	Was kinda worried about what I've read on here..but...	Well, was kinda worried about the negative things that I've read on here about the property. But, I can honestly say I was impressed rather than disappointed. Had a great room..nice view(16th floor) and had really no complaints other than no microwave and the high internet price to go online.I booked on Priceline and knew taht in most cases those people get the crummy rooms and the higher rate rooms get the better located rooms and views etc. But...there again..not true.The rooms were large..clean and well stocked. I figured the average rate we paid was around 70.00 plus tax.Alot of places to eat on Polk street..nothing fancy..but good values. A place down the block called Sammy's Deli is great..Good coffee(1.00) and even better made to order sandwiches...forget Starbucks! Overall, was a great first visit to the city by the bay..would come back again.	
Apr 12 2008 	Alcatraz	We stayed at this hotel for four nights and the service we received from all staff was excellent . Aidi in the gift shop at the hotel is very helpful with arranging tours around SF and she is very friendly, she is a credit to this hotel. The location of the hotel in near to everything ie shopping, trams etc.	
Mar 31 2008 	Mamma 	Thanks to Jesse the Mgr for making our 12 yr post-honeymoon/pre-anniversary trip to SF the best getaway we've ever had! The hotel was in the perfect location, reasonably priced, and everything fell into place. We were pleasantly surprised at how close we were to the pier (Bus#47 was our 2nd home), in fact we traveled down there twice a day with a bus transfer. Yes, we did the whole trip w/o a Rental! From the Airport we took the BART and Bus!! So yes, the transportation was safe, and we even ventured out past the hotel (on Polk). As a result, we experienced the charm of SF. We ate at the Victor's Pizza (who will deliver to your room) and Chai-Yo (excellent dessert). We searched on yelp.com and locked in the hotel's address, and read the reviews of those in the neighborhood. We can kick ourselves for not trying the Greek restaurant, down on Polk St., but we'll definitely be back!!We planned our whole trip on transit511.org from our room (yes via the internet access). I can go on and on, but I wanted to share our wonderful experience and thank everyone for their wonderful reviews in helping us to find the HI gateway, because we'll be returning REALLY SOON!! Thanks Jesse and the HI Staff! Oh yah! Tell the cleaning crew that next time we won't lock ourselves in the room so long that they can't come in and clean it! HEE HEE!	
Feb 9 2008 	Great Staff - Minus One	This hotel is great; slightly above average considering bonuses such as fluffy towels, a selection of pillows, daily USA Today, and wonderful smelling shampoos.If you're a walker, the neighborhood is an easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf. Heading down Polk Street, you'll pass interesting shops and nice residential buildings in Russian Hill.The aspect that really amazed me about the hotel was the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff. I was impressed by the reservation agent when I initially made contact. Upon check in, both receptionists were fabulous! The staff in the gift shop were accomodating and supportive with directions. The concierge (with the support of a member of the maintenance staff) rated 100% in my book when he provided directions on how to navigate the bus line to Golden Gate Park.Unfortunately, on the last night of my stay at HI-GG, I experienced the very typical receptionist (middle aged, Asian female) who is only there fir the paycheck and clearly doesn't care about the hotel's guests. After feeling truly supported by the hotel's staff with my &quot;first time in San Francisco&quot; questions, her attitude was like walking into a wall, or unexpectedly hopping under a cold shower. What? Where did she come from? Perhaps everyone else had simply gone out of their way to be helpful but when I called the front desk to ask what time the city buses started running and got, &quot;I don't know. They don't give us their schedules&quot; I was a bit shocked and saddened.The internet connection is not the best but, in my book, the staff - minus one - made this hotel a place to which I would return.	
Feb 4 2008	Nuttin' wrong with the rooms but don't try to maintain Internet connection...	I stay at this Holiday Inn a couple of weeks at a time for business. It's conveniently located to Whole Foods practically across the street and Nob Hill/Pacific Heights, if that's your area of desire. The rooms are always clean, not super luxurious but efficient. No in-room safe or separate closet space, but several drawers and a wardrobe rack. Sometimes the rooms have nice terrycloth robes available. The large in-room fridge is empty, which means you can stock up on your own store-bought favorite goodies. Comfy beds, adequate lighting, perfectly acceptable bathroom facility, a window that opens (key, for fresh air). The only problem is the hotel's Internet connection. In a city like SF, you'd imagine that this would never be an issue. With this hotel, it is. If Net connectivity is of importance to you, DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!! The connection is supposedly high-speed, but in reality it's worse than dialup. Management is totally clueless and despite begging, pleading and finally screaming, nothing helps. What's worse is that apparently some rooms have better connectivity than others, but neither the management nor the company that contracts with IChotels for Net services knows which ones they are. The clueless reception staff suggested to me to go from room to room with my laptop to check the connection. Like I don't have other things to do with my days here in SF. In general, the staff is pretty dismal, except for the cleaning ladies. Oh, and they don't have shoe horns or scissors available either, so if your feet swell...and you want to cut them off...too bad ;-). In all seriousness, however, if it werent' for the Internet issues, this would be an OK place. But the frustration with connection slower than what we had in the early '90s...oh God, it makes one want to scream.	
Jan 24 2008 	great	we stayed here for 3 nights and found it really nice, clean and comfortable. we had room service the first night which was good but fairly expensive. the bed we had was huge though and was so comfy which was definately needed after walking around san francisco all day.	
Jan 22 2008 	Not bad.	Got a great rate here over New Years, staff was pleasant and the room was clean though the bathroom was a bit dated. The neighborhood is edgy and there is a great bagel place around the corner. If your interested in shopping in Cow Hollow or Japan town this is a great place, otherwise transportation is a bit difficult unless your interested in riding the cable car everywhere which is pricey at $5 each way.	
Jan 21 2008	Glad we stayed at the Holiday Inn	This is a great place to stay if you basically need a clean, safe and convenient place to spend the night. We booked two rooms through Priceline and received rates that were approximately 30 % less than booking through the hotel directly.The self-parking feature cost $38.00 but it was nice to have a secured, covered parking location. We left the car there and rode the cable car to Fisherman's Wharf. You can purchase passes for the cable car (for cash only) at the hotel gift store. For an $11.00 pass, you can ride the cable car all day. I really liked the pillow menu which allows you to request a certain type of pillow, (down, body length, etc) which are brought to your room for free. I also appreciated the fact that you had to have a hotel key card in order to use the elevator to get to your room.The view from our rooms (floor 20 and 23rd) were absolutely spectacular. We spent more time just laying on the bed and enjoying the view than we did watching TV...which is unusal for us.Our rooms were right next to the elevators and yet we were not bothered by elevator noise. The hotel is remarkably quiet overall.The only complaint we have is that the beds were a bit too hard for our liking and the on-site bar was not open at 11:30 pm.	
Jan 18 2008 	Perfect base for exploring the City	We started our 3 week tour of Calfiornia and Las Vegas here and were not disappointed. It is by no way luxurious and the room we had was next to the lift and small so may be insufficient for some light sleepers. Everyone was really friendly in and around the hotel. It was clean and the lifts were quite quick.But it was fine for what we wanted it for. Good restaurants in walking distance (Ruths Chris Steakhouse - huge side portions and not cheap, Village Pizzeria excellent Calzone for reasonable price) and we only tried breakfast once which wasn't great for what we paid. We went to Mel's Diner down the road instead which was excellent and 24 hours so if you're having trouble sleeping they are open.It was a stone's throw away from the California Street Cable Car and regular buses pass by.There is clearly a homeless problem in San Francisco and there were some sleeping on the streets nearby which being from London I'm ok with. Some people might find it a bit uncomfortable..	
Jan 15 2008 	Good Location Good Value	Booked the hotel on Priceline, for $100/night. Exellent price for a decent hotel in this area. Good location, plenty of parking (rather expensive, but hey, it's San Francisco). Clean, comfortable room. Extremely dirty windows, which is a pitty, as the view would be quite interesting. Diverse crowd of people in the hotel, quite a few European tourists. Staff is very professional and helpful. Hotel is very close to Union Street which is just loaded with cute restaurants, wine bars, bistros and boutiques. All in all, good value for the money.	
Dec 31 2007 	Great location	A great location as you can walk to the tram stop, the only way to travel in san fransisco! The hotel is great for what you need in a city, clean comfy beds, large tv for the kids and good choice of food. A couple of nice dinners and cafe a few streets away but do not wander to far at night. we did and found ourselves about 4 streets away with down and outs. This can be un-nerving, there are a lot of homeless in SF and the majority do not bother you at all. Enjoy this truely amazing place to visit!	
Dec 30 2007 	Easy access to SF sites	Nice, clean, place to stay. Good room. Has views on higher floors. This is a great location for easy access to San Francisco sites - it's about 10 to 15 mintues from all the major attractions. One block from Polk street, so plenty of restaurants near by. Starbucks at the end of the block and two blocks away. California street cable car ends right there.Reasonable parking a couple blocks away on Sutter street.Room was comfortable and warm.Great deal from the travelzoo.	
Dec 17 2007 	Van Ness -is- the way to the Golden Gate...	I echo recent comments that this is a pretty good place. The bathtub drain was blocked when we first got there but repaired the next morning. Internet was slow when all guests were there, likely since many of them were at the geophysicist's conference and heavy users of laptops/internet. That is about all I have bad to say and those are minor things.I did eat in the sports bar on the last night and it was fine. The Polk Street area offers a lot of other options (plus there is the gem in the rough of Tommy's Joynt on Van Ness). As mentioned, the New Village Cafe is a good breakfast choice, much cheaper than the hotel itself.I found all staff I dealt with very friendly, but the bell captain seemed hard to find at times.	
Dec 9 2007	Easy access to Bay area	We were allocated this hotel by our travel company &amp; enjoyed our stay. The room was small but adequate &amp; was clean &amp; comfortable. The gift shop was well stocked with basic items &amp; souvenirs of San Francisco.The hotel staff were polite, helpful &amp; friendly.We didn't eat in the hotel as we had been recommended to have breakfast at 'The Village Cafe' which provided an excellent meal with hot coffee or tea. For our evening meal we went to 'Grubstake' which might look a bit scruffy on the outside but served an excellent menu choice.We found that we had easy access to the bay area &amp; the cable cars or could walk to &amp; from this hotel	
Nov 30 2007 	Not bad at all	I wasn't expecting much from a holiday inn but I was pleasantly surprised during my stay here. It was perfectly clean and presentable, rooms were spotless, bathrooms smelled fresh and the beds were very confortable.The location was great too - aside from being in the perfect location downtown, it was also close to a whole foods market, walgreens and other convienent places.The best part about this hotel is that pretty much no matter what room you stay in - you're view of San Francisco will be amazing. The higher floors even give you a view of the bay (I stayed on the 22nd floor - it was spectacular).I did have a minor problem during check-in. I arrived at 1 in the morning only to find that the room they had given me ALREADY had someone sleeping in it! I was too tired to even care (my body was at 4am eastern time). The staff was genuinly apologetic about it and acknowleged they had made a mistake.	
Nov 28 2007 	Good Value	We booked this hotel because we were traveling with some friends on a budget. Normally we stay at more expensive hotels in SF but this turned out very well. Service was very, very good- from the check in person to the maid service to the bartender, every one was very polite and helpful. They gave me my priority club benefits without asking and even included our friends, whose rooms we had also booked. Rooms are very small but have nice views on either side of the hotel. Not luxury accomodation but clean and reasonably priced. Furnishings, etc are a litte older but clean and comfortable. Hair dryers, irons, etc are provided in the room. I would stay here again. Be prepared to walk quite a long way or take a cab to any tourist type destinations in the city, but it is fairly central and even walking late at night (in a group) we did not encounter a single problem. There are coffee shops, bars and restaurants very close to the hotel. I recommend &quot;Grubstake&quot; which is open until 4am, has a large menu and very friendly service.	
Nov 28 2007 	Best service - worth twice the price	We checked in to this hotel 3 nights earlier than planned due to poor accomodations at a previous hotel and were SO pleased we did!To be fair, I am a platinum member of the loyalty programme associated with the hotel but the staff went far beyond the benefits we would be entitled to:The duty manager was called to welcome us and check us in himself. He made sure we were comfortable and had the desk agent fetch us drinks while he organised our keys. We were given vouchers for complimentary drinks at the bar. The manager also gave us his direct line number to make sure that he could personally take care of our any of our needs. Best of all we were upgraded from a standard room (at the cheapest advance purchase price) to a fantastic suite on the top floor of the hotel with separate living room, dining area (table for six), second bathroom and our own bar. The views from the bedroom and other areas were excellent! When we returned to the hotel after an evening walk brandy had been left for us for a nightcap with a note from the duty manager on shift.All in all we got far more than we bargained for and being a surprise made it that bit more special.	
Nov 20 2007 	Nice Hotel in a Good Location	For a Holiday Inn this has to be worth every penny. I don't know if Holiday Inns are a better quality in the USA than the UK but this one was a pleasant surprise. When I booked this hotel as part of our Honeymoon I was a little aprehensive. Holiday Inn's do not have a great rep in the UK, but I did my reaserch on Trip Advisor &amp; it appeared to be a very good option for a buget hotel. I guess they must recoup their room rates from the on site car park. Stupidly I never checked th rate before parking &amp; ended up paying approximately $50 a night for a 3 night stay. This was the biggest disappointment about our stay here. It left a sour taste in my mouth &amp; my last thought after a nice stay was I had been ripped off. The hotel itself was very smart &amp; the check in process was very organised &amp; prompt. The room was very clean &amp; a reasonable size. The location of the hotel is great, you have many pubs &amp; bars within walking distance &amp; I guess you can walk to the Fishermans Wharf area within 30-45 minutes, though we never tried it. We took the tram during our trips which you can pick up from a 5 minute walk from the hotel &amp; then a 10 minute tram ride to the wharf area.The hotel has a lovely bar &amp; restaurant on the top floor which has panoramic views of the city. The view from up there is magnificent. The restaurant is a little pricey, but the food was top notch. I don't mind paying a little extra for quality &amp; this surely had that in abundance. My wife &amp; I ended up having a lovely eveing up there enjoying the great food &amp; view.We never encountered any issues or problems with service, other than the rude parking attendant. Who thought it was hilarious when he saw my reaction to the $150 parking bill for 3 nights. The concierge, check in &amp; room service staff where all very friendly &amp; helpful &amp; cannot be faulted.The hotel seemed quite busy at all times &amp; did have a lively buzz about it whenever we walked in to the foyer area. The rooms however were very quite &amp; we never encountered any noise during rest &amp; sleep times.Outside of the hotel we did the Alcatraz Tour which was superb &amp; worth every penny. If you have never done this &amp; have wanted too or are thinking about it then get it booked. We turned up on the day &amp; waited approximately 1 hour to purchase our tickets &amp; get on to the boat. I would recommend booking the tickets in advance. The boats leave every 30-45 minutes all day.We also did a tram tour of the city &amp; took in the usual sightseeing stuff. Getting so close to the Goden Gate Bridge &amp; driving over it was the highlight of that tour.Fishermans Wharf is a lovely area. Lots of gift shops, restaurants &amp; coffee shops. We found it a great place to unwind after a long day shopping or doing tours.Also close by to the hotel was a superb shopping mall. Especially good for us UK shoppers with the dollar so weak against the GBP. The mall was full of shops with all the labels you can think off with lots of bargains to be had. The mall is situated right next to where you will pick up the tram to go to the Wharf area.All in all we had an enjoyable experience &amp; would recommend this hotel if you are on a budget &amp; don't mind travelling on the tram to the wharf area.Regards,Jason &amp; Anne (London)	
Nov 18 2007 	Great Hotel	Holiday Inn San Francisco was a great hotel but If It was moved to lets say Union Square It would be a better location, the hotel was clean and the staff were really friendly, the bar was good, the food was good as well, the hotel room was clean and tidy but our view was a parking lot, we was on floor 7, all below us 1 thru to 6 was parking lots, the windows were dirty but everything else was alright, san fransisco was mostly full of poor people who always asked about have you any spare change, the hotel would be far better located at UNION SQUARE, when you go out of the hotel you kinda seem unsafe, you have to feel It for yourself without me telling you.......	
Nov 13 2007 	typical holiday inn	Stayed here for a week in late October/early November. Hotel is OK, nothing special. I saw lots of tour buses and flight crews. Rooms are OK, no free breakfast nor happy hour. View is bland as is Van Ness Blvd. Hotel is near one trendy area, Polk St. The whole area is borderline seedy. Winos opening the door for you at the Starbucks next door, adult clubs, lots of liquor stores and restaurants. There is a Whole Foods Market store across the street and a 24Hour Fitness a few blocks down. It was OK, but I would recommend looking at some of the more upscale hotels.	
Nov 10 2007 	Great location 	We have just returned from a five night stay in the Holiday Inn. Our room was on the 23rd floor and had great views of the City, it wasn't the biggest room ever but if you're out all day sight seeing its fine. The location is great as the California Line Cable Car turn around is right outside, it's also within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf or catch the 47/49 bus from right outside. The Hotel staff were friendly and helpful and the gym was handy for working off those supersize American food portions!! We didn't try the breakfast as it was pricey and there's loads of cheaper cafe's/dinner around. Try The Eagle Cafe at Pier 39 for the best breakfast ever!!	
Nov 6 2007 	what is everyone complaining about?	I am a former Starwood Junkie, recently converted to the ICHotels brand. As a Priority Club Platinum, I must say this was MY BEST Holiday Inn experience yet. The location is GREAT, but short of AMAZING, however. It's on the corner of Van Ness and California. It's quite a bit away from Union Square, but the Cali Cable car will get there, as will the 109 south to market with a transfer on the muni rail. That being said, there's plenty to do in the vicinity; there are lots of good sit down/take out places, and a BEVMO which is two blocks south. Google BevMo and you'll see why a boozing-enthusiast like me was so happy to see how close BevMo was to this property.My traveling companion and I took the BART/MUNI from SFO to get here. We arrived in under an hour and spent $6 each. We walked into the lobby and we were promptly helped. There was no priority lineup, but a airline crew lineup. Having airline crew stay at a hotel is definitely a GOOD sign. The clerk recognized my status and offered us both some bottled water. We were placed on to the top floor. Check in was swift and without incident.Our room was great with regular Holiday Inn amenities; tv, chair, fridge (8 beer capacity), comfortable bed. The room was clean but while we were in the room, we got crazy allergies; something we thought was a bit weird for SFO in the summer. We spent the last two nights in SFO at the Westin Union Square without any allergies in their room, and we guess it was because the air filter on the heater/ac had not been cleaned. Otherwise, we couldn't complain with the room. It was nicely decorated (about mid-90s look), and no issues with cleaners. Our room was cleaned every time we returned to our room from a day of touristing-around. Service at this property was impeccable and the front-liners at this property deserve the finest in recognition. For example, one night, we got a bottle of wine but didn't have any glasses or an opener. On our way out of the room for the evening, we passed a room service guy and asked him if he could get some glasses and an opener up. He said he would do that, and the fact that we were out of our room was not an issue. We returned to the room a few hours later and were delighted to see two wine glasses, an opener placed very elegantly onto a tray AND the guy put the wine we had on some ice. Amazing, I wish I left a tip and I further wish we got the guy's name. The pool was great but kind of weird to have in SFO; it's cold every day there. The warmest it gets there is 20c. But nonetheless, it was nice to dip into for a change. A hot tub would have been nicer, in my opinion.The lobby was busy all the time, especially with airline crew from Qantas, along with the Germans and Dutch. The gift shop lady (who also sells those weekly muni passes) gave us a really bad vibe. We never checked out the bar nor restaurant because there are so many other non-touristy places within the vicinity. Everyone (except gift shop lady) and everything at this property was great and left a positive impression of what a Holiday Inn can be. I will return and I insist that you book this property. You will not be disappointed, unless you're a snob and you want the W without paying the $250 internet prepaid rates.tips:-for a fun and cheap night of boozing; head out to the tenderloin, it's not THAT bad, and the characters you will meet FAR outweigh the grubbiness. just don't look like a bloody tourist complete with shorts, camera around neck, and lonely planet guide-there is a whole foods, located one block WEST down california and van ness; it's kinda hidden-any pizza place on van ness is good, there's a place on california a few blocks EAST that's good as well-breakfast at grubsteaks or the polk st diner is a sure bet-bev mo = amazing. if you thought you got a deal at duty-free, haha, well... go to bevmo. for example, canadian beer here is about half the price of canadian beer in canada. -get all your snacks at bevmo, NOT the rip off convenience stores on van ness that are near the hotel. -save on ATM fees; buy a piece of fruit and get $200 cash back from walgreens for no fee-the cleaners (forget the name) three blocks EAST down california is awesome. have them do your laundry; wash and fold for my entire wardrobe was something like $10 and it was done within 24 hours.	
Nov 1 2007 	The best one in the city	Me and my wife choosed this hotel for our honney moon in SFO, and I have to say that it´s simply perfect, it´s very well located, you have a trolly station right behind the corner, the room was great, really clean, and the people at the reception really kind with us. The only thing that I didn´t liked was the breakfast, you pay a lot for a normal breakfast (it´s not a great buffet), and we realized that it´s much better to have breakfast outside. Also, don´t buy your tickets in the gift shop, they charge you a lot more money, for example, we had to pay $28 for a 3 days transportation ticket when it really cost $18. And also we wanted to rent a car and they wanted to charge us $60, but we found out a placeright next to the hotel where we rented a car for 20, and it was the same company that the gift shop was offering us!!! So don´t trust theese people. I really loved the hotel, if I go to SFO again, I´ll stay there	
Oct 29 2007	Worst Hotel ever seen	Very old and badly maintained hotel, just tidy. Unfriendly staff (except the shop keeper who's very helpful), special mention to the manager who is especially rude and unhelpful to his guests. On the whole, a very expensive and desappointing place. To avoid by any means!	
Oct 21 2007 	Very Nice Hotel	This is a very nice hotel with great views.The front desk staff is excellent.The rooms are recently renovated with new carpet, bed linens etc. They do not have the Marriott or Sheraton type beds. It's the old style polyester bed spread and blanket.The airconditioner is the kind that is in the window. Not central air. It worked well and didn't make too much of a racket.The hotel was quiet and comfortable.It's a block or two from the bus line and maybe 8 blocks to the waterfront.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great Views!	We stayed for 5 nights on the 23rd floor. The views of the city skyline are fabulous from this floor,however if any of your party is afraid of heights then go for a lower floor. The staff at check in were very firendly as was the concierge. The loaction is not downtown, but there is a cable car stop right across the street from the hotel.If you need to get to downtown then jump on the California Street line and get off at Grant Ave ( China town). We didn't have breakfast at the hotel but there is a great breakfast diner called Bob's on the next street across which does great French Toast.	
Oct 9 2007 	Dump..Find Somewhere Else!	The hotel was nowhere near the Golden gate , nor could it be seen from any window!In fact there were no views apart from high rise buildings in an area that you couldnt go out at night or should i say we were advised not too!Even during the day, it is not a nice area!Of course when booking this, we had been totally misled by UA!We had to change rooms 3 times within 18 hours!The rooms were dirty, beds uncomfitable, curtains filthy and covered in midew along with some of the walls!The so called air conditioning, was noisy, dirty and did not work very well so it was really cold when we wanted heat!After changing rooms twice, the manager, yes, he was really very helpful, i believe only due to myself telling him, to get me on the first flight home and also UA misleading him .We had booked two adjoining rooms for my husband and me and our two kids, UA confirmed this then went back on their word!The manager finally had two adjoining rooms , after also upgrading us to so called excutive rooms! (the 3rd rooms we finally changed too) steamed cleaned and we then had to wait for about 6 hours for these rooms to dry out! After flying in from Hawaii, we were tired and just wanted some sleep, yet due to dirty bedding etc... this was not to be.In fact because we flew in at night, the first room my husband and i shared, we had to share a very small double bed, bot even 5ft due to UA errors.Luckily my children were in better ajoining rooms if better means clean beds?After finally getting our 3rd rooms, yes they had been cleaned but certainly they must have been dirty to begin with, as they were still dirty and smelly and midew on curtains and other places!Yes some of the staff were very nice, as i said the manager did try to help but this hotel ruined our last few nights in the USA!I have always wanted to go to San Francisco but i just wanted to come home!If i ever went back it certainly would not be to this so called hotel!Also the pool was shut, mind you it was cold so what with the pool outside, my kids didnt want to go in it nor would they as this was also dirty!Sorry but i would never rcommend this hotel even if they paied me millions!	
Oct 1 2007 	Golden Gateway San Francisco Suoerb Hotel	we have just spent 10 Days at the Golden Gateway and hvae nothing but Praise for the hotelThe Hotel is perfectly situated for all the major sights in the city The rooms were always clean and the staff were always helpful and obliging they couldn't be faultedThe meals in both the resteraunt and the sports bar were excellent and served with a cheery face and we were always treated really well And the breakfast really was a good start to your dayThe facilities were excellent even to providing towels in the gym and pool area's the 2 Ladies in the foyer gift shop were brilliant for anything we required from trips out to providing us with a Lincoln Limo to take us to the airport on our departure once again making us feel specialAll in all a Great Hotel and thanks to all for your help in making our stay memorable for all the right reasonsD Purvis from England	
Sep 21 2007 	Great hotel great location	We (2 girls) stayed here for 5 nights before moving onto LA. I'd seen some bad reviews for this hotel on here so i was slightly concerned. I didn't need to be! The rooms were very clean and very comfortable. It even had a fridge!The staff were always very pleasant and helpful, pointing us in the right direction of places, but they did also provide us with a map of the area so we didn't need to ask too many times. The restaurant (both breakfast and evening) were always very polite, quick to serve you, and possibly sometimes a little over enthusiastic - but very good service. The location of the hotel is great! It's on Van ness Avenue which seems to be one of the main streets in the heart of the city. The California line cable car terminates just round the corner but we also found most things to be in walking distance. We walked to Fishermans wharf, China Town, Pacific Heights, AT&amp;T park, the main shopping area - all from the hotel. We really enjoyed walking everywhere as it meant we didn't miss anything. All i will say is though - be prepared for the hills!!! Oh my god some of them are steeeeeep!!!!!! The only place we bused it to was the Golden Gate Bridge - but even the bus routes were so easy to understand.Overall a very enjoyable stay in SF - i would definitely stay at the Holiday Inn again.	
Sep 10 2007 	Nothing Special	I visited SF not as a tourist, but just to see friends and to get out of Socal for a while. For public transportation, trolleys and buses are nearby. The walk to BART is about 20-30 minutes. The hotel isn't bad but kinda rough around the edges. I stayed for 5 days and 5 nights. Parking for an overnight guest is $36. For room service I ordered a hamburger, Sprite and a dessert and it was a little over $30.Some issues-My room didn't have a closet, just an exposed rod to hang my clothes. The toilet handle had to be held down to flush and the 'high speed' internet connection was just about useless. This isn't the hotel for those who need to work online.I&quot;m going back to SF soon and I plan on staying somewhere a little nicer. If you can get a really good deal and don't plan on spending much time in the hotel, you would be fine here.	
Aug 29 2007 	Great Place to Stay!!	When looking for a downtown SFran location at a reasonable rate, this is a wonderful place to stay...very close to the cable car ride on the California line...and comfortable accommodations, good restaurant too!	
Aug 26 2007	overall a good experience	This was a very plesent hotel overall - the best rooms are probably the ones that have their own entrance to the pool area..Staff were all very nice with the exception of one in the resturant who had a loud voice and was rude when I asked for discount for my daughter which we had received the day before .Buffett was good value for money and well presented.The gem for us was Ruth Chis stakehouse across the road in Van Ness - The best steak i have ever tasted ! Would most definately go back....it had a cosmopolitan feel to it and I was glad we were away from the hustle of Fishermans Wharf	
Aug 11 2007	Average Value Nice Location	Our family of 4 stayed here for 2 nights Aug.1 and Aug. 2, 2007. The positives are clean rooms, good location for using public transportation, friendly staff. Negatives: rooms are fairly dark, with no overhead lighting- only table lamps. There was no exhaust fan in our bathroom, which gets pretty steamy when 4 people are taking showers! The advertisements boast &quot;spectacular views&quot;, which was a big disappointment! I had requested a corner room based on other reviews, or a room with a nice view, which we didn't get. We paid $388.00 for 2 nights, plus $73.00 for parking. I would try a different hotel next time. If you do stay here, I would recommend the Polk Street Station for breakfast. It is a small diner just a short walk around the corner at Polk and Pine Streets. Nothing fancy, but much cheaper than the hotel with the same quality food, and nice local folks running it.	
Aug 8 2007	Outstanding	Really nice, clean, great security. You couldn't get on the elavator to the guest rooms with out the room access card. right next to the cable car stop for ease of seeing the sights. I had a room next to the elavator but never heard any noise. Good sized, not small and not hugh. I am a business women traveling alone and was comfortable walking around on nearby streets or to local attractions. Parking and the buffet breakfast prices were out of of line (high) . I didn't use those servides Room price wasn't the cheapest, but also not the most expensive, so great value The staff was helpful, a problem with an electrical outlet in the room was fixed the same day reported and the staff called to confirm.Rose New Jersey	
Aug 1 2007 	Beware Of Best Rate Guarantee	I booked this hotel and then found a cheaper rate on another website. Knowing about the &quot;Best Rate Guarantee&quot; I submitted a claim to the hotel. First I received a response stating that the other website was a bidding site and I did not find out what hotel I would be staying at until after I had paid the balance and as a result they would not match the price. THIS WAS NOT TRUE. I advised the hotel that it was in fact, not a bidding site and that immediate confirmation regarding the hotel, rate and dates are provided by the other hotel booking site (AlphaRooms) upon making my booking. I then received another reply from the hotel stating that the website I used does not confirm the hotel for 48 hours and the rate I saw was not publically available, AGAIN, NOT TRUE. I confirmed with the cheaper site that in fact IMMEDIATE confirmation is supplied to me and a voucher for the stay is immediately sent to me. So please be aware that it seems IC Hotels will do anything not to honour their &quot;Best Rate Guarantee&quot;. Oh yes, I cancelled my booking with the Holiday Inn too, if this is how they treat their prospective guets I hate to imagine how they treat you when you get there.	
Jul 31 2007 	Pretty good place to stay	We stayed in three different hotels in the San Francisco area in July 2007, and the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway was probably the best of the three. Clean, large rooms, attentive staff, and a great location add up to make this place worthy of a return.The downside? Extremely crowded. Numerous tour groups from Germany and Netherlands were there. It seemed like tour buses were loading and unloading at the front door on a continuous basis.Other pluses: Just steps from the California Street cable car stop, and Muni buses are also available right on Van Ness. Good restaurants are a short walk away, including Mel's, Kyoto Sushi, and the excellent House of Prime Rib.The front desk staff was attentive and polite. The breakfast buffet was expensive, but moderately good. Excellent coffee.This Holiday Inn is a good value in a city of over-priced hotels. Well worth a stay.	
Jul 29 2007 	Good location great rooms.	Very comfortable, clean rooms. Good location next to cable car terminal on California Street. Helpful, knowledgeable front desk and gift shop staff. Excellent buffet breakfast. The restaurant was always busy at breakfast time, but tables readily available, and buffet well-stocked and replenished regularly. Waiters/ waitresses friendly and helpful. Small swimming pool, big enough for a refreshing dip at the end of a busy day sight-seeing.We would definately stay here again.	
Jul 25 2007 	Totally Sufficient	For a basic clean room and comfort, this is ideal and affordable too. I stayed here with a friend in a twin bed room on the 5th floor which boasted a pretty good view and was a decent size too. The room had a desk, coffee making facilities, a wardrobe, television with a decent amount of channels and a sufficiently sized bathroom. Located on Van Ness Avenue, the hotel was in a good location. There were plenty of shops at close hand, the tram line starts very close by too, so it makes a good starting point to your day and convenient to come back to. From the city centre, I'd say on average you're about a ten min (if that) taxi ride. The staff were very friendly too and allowed us to leave our baggage in their care after check-out time whilst we wandered off before going to the airport.	
Jul 24 2007 	Over Charged	I was a vendor at a trade show that was held in this hotel. It is only natural that I would stay in the same hotel that the trade show was at. When I made the reservation I inquired about a block rate for the show and was told that there were no arrangements made for the vendors. I was quoted a AAA rate of $197.10 for Friday and $170.10 for Thur/Sat/Sun. A little high but decided to book the reservation. On Monday I received my bill under the door and was SHOCKED to see that my 4 night stay without any incidentals was $1,011.82. That breaks down to 3 nights at $215 and one night at $245 and $124.42 for taxes. Knowing that they have a 100% guarantee, I was sure they would fix the error at the front desk. NOPE!! I asked to see a manager. A moment later the manager on duty (who after talking with me for several minutes admitted that he in fact was the night auditor and not a manager) said that I would need to speak to a manager when he came in. I agreed and went outside to catch my shuttle to the airport. While waiting for the shuttle I was telling my story to another vendor that was waiting for her shuttle and she informed me that there was a vendor rate of $129.00 a night. AHHHH!!! I called the manager's direct numer two times the following day. No response.... I finally just called the front desk and asked for the manager on duty. A manager came on the line and was very curt and interrupted me several times while I explained myself. I immediately was at fault because I signed a paper at check-in that had my &quot;quoted&quot; rate. He expalined that there was a special rate for vendors but he said I didn't book the room soon enough to get the vendor rate and according to his records my bill was correct and was not in need of adjustment. I persisted and he finally asked to call me back after he looked into it. I agreed. He called me back and agreed to give me the quoted rate &quot;even though the hotel was booked solid that weekend (?) and I signed the contract at check in&quot; hmmmmm? He didn't admit error, he just agreed to make the adjustment because he decided to &quot;take my word for it&quot;. I asked for the vendor rate for my trouble and he raised his voice at me &quot;what trouble!&quot; He ended the conversation by hanging up on me. Very professional.Check your rate at check in and double check your final bill Don't leave this hotel until you get a solid resolution to your problem. The room was clean although the tub didn't drain while showering. No vending or ice machines on my floor. The $25 steak I ordered from room service was about a 1/4&quot; thick. I will not stay here again.	
Jul 23 2007 	Nice hotel - good views	We chose the hotel as we did not want to be in the main bay tourist area. We thought that we would get better prices in the nearby restaurants - which we did. The views from the upper floors are really good. Hotel room was clean and very nice, could hear some street noise but this was San Francisco so expected that. The staff were very nice and checkin/checkout was very quick and efficient.If you stay here you get to travel up and down on the trolleybus which is great fun. Buy a 3 day unlimited bus &amp; trolley pass for $18 at the hotel shop. We ate around the corner at the Grubsteak cafe/restaurant and this was great. Very informal, freindly and the prices and food were excellent. We went there twice it was so good. Don't bother with the hotel breakfast as the local diners do a very good breakfast for more than half the price.If you plan to go to Alcatraz buy your tickets in advance over the internet to get the time that suits you.The Van Ness area seemed a bit scary in the night time because of the homeless people although they don't really bother you I would avoid going out on my own.Overall loved San Francisco and had a great stay at the Holiday Inn.	
Jul 19 2007 	Decent value - good location but older place	Overall, a pleasant 4 night stay. Hotel's location is good, seconds from a cable car stop and had several good places to eat at a walking distance. We had a rental car and found the hotel to be proximal to the main tourist attractions. The hotel is on the older side - one major problem was our hotel key/card needed updating in the middle of our stay, this was very inconvenient considering you needed the key to get in and out of the garage and elevators.Overall, a decent value.	
Jul 16 2007	Had a good stay overall	Just spent 4 days at the Golden Gateway, husband on business and I was sightseeing.Room on 20th floor very clean, though kind of small. Wireless access worked great. Housekeepers came each day while we were at breakfast. They were VERY friendly. No line at front desk ever, the bellman's desk was always staffed and they were very cheerful about giving tourist info. Fast elevators, easy to find a parking place. I did notice the lobby always had several security- type people on duty and after a few walks up Van Ness I realized the neighborhood wasn't the safest. We actually had to step over a sleeping hobo on the sidewalk each morning on our way to Starbuck and we were panhandled aggressively a few blocks away (of course this is not the hotel's fault but I did get weary of it.) Noticed soooo many Europeans staying at this hotel. They were fun to talk to.Was able to print boarding passes for free in the pricey Business Center but did not use their online services as I had a laptop with me in the room (and I really did appreciate the free wireless).Lots of bus lines plus the cable car nearby. Lots of funky, fun places to eat in Polk Village.Making simple transactions in the gift shop was exasperrating (had to buy Muni passes and a few Cokes several times.)LOVED the WHole Foods up the street for take-out lunches.	
Jul 1 2007 	good value and location	Date: June 1-3, 2007Reviewer: A tripadvisor readerWe seemed to have a better experience than the previous few reviewers. We had a small problem with registration, as my husband and I have different last names. The clerk and manager offered us water for our wait, and gave our sons baseball cards. They were completely professional and as fast as they could be. Several times over the several days we were there we asked questions of the staff at the desk and were waited on promptly and professionally. We asked for a room with a good view and were given one on the top floor. The room was reasonable for the price - clean with a refridgerator and microwave. Our only complaint was that we weren't given drinking glasses and only 3 towels. This was remedied quickly.I didn't notice unusual amounts of street noise, and we didn't mind being away from Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel is on Van Ness Avenue, which allows easy access to Fisherman's Wharf and the Golden Gate Bridge. Also, we liked it's access to less expensive eating places, such as the Polk Street Station (good, cheap diner food) and Victor'sPizza, which delivered to our room. These were good deals while traveling with our 6 and 8 year old boys. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 27 2007 	Too far away from the Action	Front Desk need not exist as it appears to serve no purpose or no-one.Room was OK, but bikers like the roads outside and you can't avoid the noise no matter how high you are and we were on the 22nd floor.Had a serious problem with the guy who ran the Interlude bar and his appaling attitude. So bad that I reported him to the manager who had a &quot;word in his ear&quot;.Wouldn't recommend this Hotel.	
May 20 2007 	Great Hotel.	Me and my wife arrived at the Holiday Inn on may 3rd. I asked for a higher flor room with corner view prior to our arrival, by e-mail. At check-in, they granted us a wonderful 18th floor corner apartment, wich has a stunning bay view, with a king bed. The room was very nice. Clean, with white and clean linens and various pillows and blankets, the bed was very nice. The room has plenty of space, and a very nice bathroom. The hotel´s garage is too expensive (36 dollars per 24 hour period). I recommend trying the garages nearby (ask for the lis at the front desk). The location at the Van Ness Ave turned to be a great choice, because is close to everything in town. There is a cable car spot just around the corner at. California Avenue.The hotel has nice restaurants, but there were various options for breakfast and dinner nearby (try the Grubstake).The only problem we experienced at this hotel was the bathroom door: one night it has locked from inside, and the nightshift clerk didn´t helped us a bit. We had to pee at the lobby restrooms all night long, and wait until morning, when the maintenance send a guy to open the door, which has a malfunction in the lock. The rest went very fine.	
May 2 2007 	Standard Big City Hotel	I had a corner room on the 15th floor, and the view was good (not great). The rooms were clean and the bed comfortable. The service was mostly terrible. We waited almost half an hour to check in and out (to get a receipt). We made 6 phone calls for service of some sort (housekeeping, room service, front desk), and 4 were rolled over to voice mail with no return phone call. The location right next to the cable cars was nice.	
Apr 27 2007 	Nice place/nothing special	This was a good place to base ourselves for a 2 night visit. We were really only in the hotel to sleep, so difficult to assess all the facilities, but our room was clean and reasonably proportioned for a city hotel. View from our room (23rd floor) was superb !Two things to recommend it -1) It's at the california street cable car turnaround so easy to get a ride on this san franciscan experience.2) It's only a few blocks from Japantown - great for the teppanyaki fiends in our familyIf you don't do walking or public transport then you may be better to spend more and get closer to the centre, but we enjoyed the chance to walk through the city to get to the sights - Union Square, Fishermans Wharf, Embarcadero, etc. Gave us a chance to take in the special atmosphere of the place.	
Apr 24 2007 	Disappointed	We had read all the reviews before checking into this hotel, but were still quite disappointed once we got in our room – the room was very small and old, the wall below the window had mold because of the condensation on the window, the little refrige almost tipped over from the shaky rack when we tried to open the door, the toilet bowl had crack lines, and there was pinkish soap scum in the shower walls… it wasn’t easy for us stay there for 3 nights…We thought we had gotten a good deal for a 3-star hotel from Priceline, but this Holiday Inn is more like a motel to us. The hotel wasn’t very accommodating either – we asked whether we could have a small microwave delivered to our room for our 2-yr old’s diet needs, the answer was a simple “no”. Maybe because of its good location and relatively low rates, this hotel was quite busy during our stay there, we could hear people running and laughing in the hallway around midnight. We will not consider returning to this Holiday Inn if the quality of the rooms and services don’t improve.	
Apr 24 2007 	Good value hotel	Excellent value for money - good sized rooms and staff efficient and helpful. Only downfall was the staff in shop - not very polite and very abrupt re arranging trips - found it better to do it ourselves at kiosk on Pier 39. Bar staff REALLY FRIENDLY and helpful as where restaurant staff. Good position for the trams - right outside the door - make sure you get three/five day pass (available from hotel shop) as excellent value. If visiting alcatraz book on internet as very popular - I did it through Gray travel who have an excellent internet site. SF excellent place - has everything - try to visit theGolden Gate Park - lovely Japenese Gardens. Mona Lisa restaurant excellent if you like Italian. Certainly a city for everyone. Had no trouble checking in - very efficient - even though we arrived early. Thanks for good stay	
Apr 14 2007 	Adequate but front desk is chaotic	I stayed here for six nights with a group of friends. Our rooms were adequate - nothing special, but pretty good value for money. My biggest complaint is about the front desk, which is hopelessly understaffed, chaotic, and almost always had long queues. Check-in took ages because the clerk was very slow. We gave the front desk advance notice that we were expecting a parcel to be delivered, but when it arrived they apparently refused to accept it, and it was returned to the sender. They couldn't explain how or why this had happened. We also had problems with the free wireless internet access, which was far from reliable. Had to pay a $150 deposit to use a signal booster for my laptop, but this didn't solve the problem. Apparently the signal on the higher floors (I was on the 25th) isn't very good, so if you're travelling for business purposes and internet access is crucial, be warned! The location is good. There are convenient cable-car and bus links, as well as lots to do locally. Polk Street, which runs parallel to Van Ness, has cheap and cheerful restaurants and some lovely shops. Go down Pine or California and turn left onto Polk for the best options. Turning right there aren't as many options, and late at night this stretch of Polk was a bit seedy.	
Apr 11 2007 	Great Location	First of all, I got a great deal, so ofcourse I was skeptical, however, it was a very pleasant stay. I was there for one week, a family of 4, and I was worried about the comfort of one room, but it was clean, and large enough to accommodate us. Nothing fancy, but well kept considering. The hotel is very busy, however, I have no complaints of the staff. We got extra towels, shampoo, whatever we needed, and the front desk staff was helpful in giving suggestions and directions. As it is located on a major street, if your room faces towards the street, it could get noisy in the early morning due to rush hour traffic, but we were usually up already anyways. The BEST thing about this hotel is location. We were next to the trolley car, and a bus stopped right outside the hotel. The best suggestion I can give is to buy the transportation passes for 7 days, you can get on everything for $24 per person, and the trolley rides alone are $5 each way. If you spend just a little time studying the bus routes, which are easily shown on the map, you can figure out how to get every where, and they pass by constantly, very reliable. If you rent a car, parking at the hotel will cost around $35 a night. There is a place on Sacramento, 1 block down, where you can park the car at night for $20 only.	
Apr 6 2007 	Great Bargain Hotel	This is a great bargain hotel. There's nothing particularly exciting or fabulous about this hotel: it's a generic Holiday Inn. The rooms are a bit on the small side (or standard size if you're used to SF and NY hotels) but the view from the room is pretty stunning. If you're looking for a hotel with lots of bells and whistles then stay elsewhere but if you want a clean, safe place at an excellent price then this is it.If you're planning your first visit to SF I suggest staying at one of the Union Square hotels. Those rooms will cost you twice as much but it will be a lot more convenient. However, for those who know the city fairly well, this location is perfect. A cable car line stops 1/2 a block away. The #1 Bus Line is also right there. Plenty of places to walk to (assuming that walking up to a mile is not an issue ... my parents, who are in their 60s, might consider some of the walks a bit long).	
Mar 23 2007 	Fabulous Hotel!	My family and I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights while on a vacation to San Francisco in March, 2007. We had two rooms and couldn't have been more pleased. The rooms were clean and spacious. The view from the 20th floor was amazing. Every staff member that we encountered was friendly and helpful. There is a cable car stop right around the corner and a bus stop right in front so getting around is simple. We did have a rental car which we parked in the garage ($32 a night, which other people have mentioned) and the garage was safe and offered in and out privileges. We did need a car as we took a ride to Muir Woods and up to Twin Peaks, and around Golden Gate Park. Navagating the streets wasn't too bad, but being from flat Florida, the hills were a little scary! There is a little diner called Polk St. Station around the corner to the east, and they have delicious and cheap breakfasts there. The lady that runs it is very friendly too. I recommend this place for breakfast rather than the hotel restaurant, which is pricey. I definitely would recommend the Golden Gateway to anyone going to San Francisco.	
Mar 16 2007	Great value for the area.	Chose this hotel because our son knew where it was and it had parking. We stayed there for 3 nights. The rates were great for the area. The parking is $32 a day. Good price for a hotel, but you can find daily parking for less. We never used the car. Room gave us a wonderful view. We were a bit worried because it was next to the elevator but we had no trouble with noise. The security was very good. The desk clerks could have been more friendly. But I had to remind myself we were not in Oklahoma. The gift shop folks were very accomidating. This is where one goes to get services, taxi, tours etc. All in all a nice stay. Will I stay again, No only because we will not need some place with a parking lot and we will stay in a different part of town for variety. Would have been nice to have a comp breakfast.	
Feb 21 2007 	Great 3 Star Hotel	I definitely recommend the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway hotel in San Francisco.The staff is very nice and accomodating. The room was very clean, well-kept and up-to-date. The bed was very comfortable.I had a room on the 18th floor with a city view that was magnificent.I was impressed with this 3 star hotel. The location was fantastic...there are movie theatres, restaurants, bars and entertainment very close to the hotel in any direction you chose to go.My only complaint(s) were....to use the Computers in the business center cost 49 cents a minute, which to me is a little pricey, yet if you had your own wireless pc, then wireless internet was free.....and the bar/lounge in the hotel closed much too early for us to take advantage of (closed at 11:00 p.m. even on Fri &amp; Sat). I purchased the hotel thru PLine so only paid $70/night, so I was quite satisfied. I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 15 2007	Wondeful hotel very clean and excellent helpful staff	We stayed in the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway from 8th Feb till 13th Feb and cannot fault this hotel. The location is ideal for the California Tramline and the buses to get around most of the city can be caught within a short walk from the hotel. We requested a room on a high floor and were allocated the 21st Floor, which had amazing views over the city. All of the staff at the hotel were exceptionally polite and helpful and when we requested for the room not to be cleaned, a message was always left from housekeeping in case anything was needed. Room service was always delivered quickly and hot - which can often be a problem in some city hotels. Overall, this hotel is an ideal base to explore the city and the staff are more than happy to help with even the smallest request or question. We will be more than happy to stay here again, in fact we are already planning our next trip !	
Jan 24 2007 	Great Staff; Great Breakfast	Arrvied early, but room was ready and check in was quickRoom and all the property was very cleanEasy access to all parts of the cityStaff were very helpful with every request I madeEnjoyed the breakfasts in the Hotel Restaurant every morning.Room was always clean and ready when we returned in the afternoon.Maids did not wake us by knocking on the door when our do not disturb sign was out.I receommend this hotel to everyone.	
Jan 15 2007 	Great deal fabulous neighborhood	I first stayed here last year when Hotwire chose the hotel for me. I liked it so much that I chose to return. It's the best value I've come across in 15 years of SF travel (about $80 a night, via HW/PL). It nails all of the compulsories: clean, well-maintained rooms, plenty of guest services, and a friendly, competent staff. I routinely saw airline flight crews checking in and out, which is always a good sign. A standing contract with an airline gives a hotel an extra incentive not to slack off on maintenance or housekeeping.Free, reliable WiFi knocks another $15-$20 a night off of your overall expenses.The star of the show, for me, is the neighborhood. Just south of Russian Hill, the hotel is surrounded by terrific little restaurants to grab a cheap but sensational breakfast or lunch before heading out, and plenty of places to get some dinner or a slice of pizza whenever you get back (including a diner that's open until 4 AM). Plus there's a Walgreens and a Staples just a block away, for stocking your room up with snacks, toiletries, and other supplies when you arrive.Only two negatives. Walking back to the hotel late at night, I could count on seeing a few homeless folks bedded down in doorways on adjacent blocks. That's not at all unusual for San Francisco, of course, and at no point did I ever feel the slightest bit unsafe. But if you're unusually put off by that sort of sight, it's something you might want to know.Second negative is that you're about a 30 minute hilly walk from downtown. If you're in town for a conference at the Moscone Center, you'll probably have to arrange for cabs every morning at the front desk. But if not, you're just a cool, 20-minute walk from Fisherman's Wharf and Fort Hood and other upper-peninsula attractions.Overall, this is precisely the sort of hotel I'm hoping for when I'm paying my own travel expenses. It offers everything I want and need, with none of the fussy &quot;W&quot;-style frills that only serve to quadruple or quintuple the nightly rate.	
Jan 12 2007 	Nice Stay - Gets Better Each time	I stay here once a month for 5 day business trips and I know which rooms to ask for, the front desk staff has always helped in the past on getting relocated. I stay away from the ice machine and elevators as all previous comments are true...I alway stay on high floor and most of the tim ein corner rooms that have FANTASTIC views.Parking is expensive $35.00 a night. I never rent a car when in town, utilizing BART and the week long bus-cable car-trolley-and MUNI pass that can be purchased in the hotel gift shop for $24...unlimited rides on all mentioned modes of transportation..a bargin since cable car rides are $5 each way....this hotel is very central to the cable car, and buses that will take you everywhere...Fishermans wharf is but a 10- 15 minute ride away.All the rooms I have stayed in have been very clean, and although not as big as some newer hotels. I have communicated to the hotel that the front desk staff is sometimes overwhelmed and they need a line for Priority Club Members.In a previous review, it was stated that this hotel was in the Tenderloin District, it is several blocks north of that neighborhood, and althoughI have seen the occasional homeless person on the street asking for spare change, I have NEVER had any problems in this neighborhood.	
Jan 3 2007 	Golden gate holiday inn was awful.	My husband and I spent 2 nights here late December and booked through Priceline. I emailed the hotel directly weeks ahead of time and requested a king bed and was told no problem. When we arrived at the hotel there was only one man behind the desk and a line of about 12 people waiting to check in. Then iI was given an attitude about the fact that we booked on Priceline and that we were to get a queensize bed and the direct bookings were getting the kings. They said if i had the email of my request they could do something but we didn't think we needed to carry proof. Big Mistake.Then we were given a room right by the elevator. Noise all morning. No ice maker on floor 10 and 30 bucks a night to park.This is not a 3 star hotel in my opiniion but a 2.Wouldn't stay again.	
Dec 29 2006 	Great price free internet transitional neighborhood	We stayed for one night to shop San Francisco after a Christmas family reunion in Monterey. The hotel staff was friendly and our 19th floor non smoking room was small but quiet and well appointed and the king bed comfortable. Parking was expensive, but we used the in and out privileges for 24 hours, even after we checked out. I love that the WIFI, the fridge, and the coffeemaker are free at hotels like this and cost $$ at higher end hotels. Got a great rate through Priceline. Go to a local pub rather than the hotel lounge, the service is poor and the drinks expensive, even during Happy Hour. Coffee is $6.95 a cup and the elevators only work if you swipe your room key so the street folks won't hang out. You'll be stepping over sleeping vagrants as you walk the neighborhood. Nothing dangerous, but sad and not somewhere I'd take young kids or my grandmother. It is easy to catch a cablecar from the hotel and there are convenience stores, diners, delis, pubs, and a gorgeous movie theater steps from the front door on Van Ness.	
Nov 14 2006 	noisy little rooms	As soon as I booked this hotel on priceline, I called the hotel and asked for a high floor as I knew it was on a busy street. When I arrived I was given a tiny little room in the corner on the lowest floor containing guest rooms, facing the street. I asked for a room on a higher floor, but the staff person told me they were all booked up, which I doubt seeing as the hotel looked empty and I doubt they would be giving away $65 rooms on priceline 3 days before if they were that booked. The room was awful. top of the parking garage was right outside our window and the very busy Van Ness street was right below that, we were woke up early both mornings by traffic. It was so small there was barely room to place our bags. We rented a car the night before we left and asked to pay for one night parking, but they charged us for parking for the entire stay, but finally did correct that problem.I am sure the stay would have been fine if we did get a better room, just beware if you got the room on priceline.	
Nov 9 2006 	Beware the elevator	One cannot deny that this is a reasonably priced hotel. We payed $100 through priceline for a five night stay. We changed rooms the first night as we were put in a room right by a roof. Our change was to the 23rd floor where we were put right by the elevator. This is quite similar to sleeping under an airport with planes landing every few seconds. Because of our busy schedule we did not have the energy to change rooms again but my advice to future guests is to request to be as far away from the elevator as possible. The proximity to the elevator on the weekend also allowed us the pleasure of a drunken frat-house party who were having fun punching every floor on the elevator and running around the halls shrieking. Another pleasure on the elevator....a very stoned kid trying to force us to eat his nachos!So enough about the elevators. The rooms are fine if you do not have to spend much time in them. The staff was okay. The parking is $35 a night. The internet in the business center is unbelievably expensive...I think fifty cents a minute. The location is not the best as a walk downtown pretty much involves a walk through the tenderloin. I wouldn't stay here again.	
Oct 9 2006 	A gem of a hotel	Stayed for 3 nights at The Holiday Inn Golden Gateway.From the moment we arrived this hotel could not have gone out of its way any more . I requested a high floor and was given the 23rd floor with amazing views of this fantastic city. Rooms were immaculate and the housekeeping staff so helpful and polite, had a little problem with the overflow on the toilet. They were there within 5mins , nothing was too much trouble.If I ever go back to this city I will most certainly stay in this hotel, The location was superb. and its staff could certainly teach some other hotel staff how to treat guests. Thank you Holiday Inn for contributing to making our stay in San Francisco so enjoyable.	
Sep 29 2006	Fabulous hotel	We stayed in the Holiday Inn for 3 nights. I have to say I have high expectations and this hotel met them. The room we had was on the 23rd floor so we had spectacular views! we had a room with two very good sized comfortable double beds. Bathroom was highly immaculate and our stay was very comfortable.Staff were friendly and helpful, we had a leaking shower which was fixed immediately and front desk were very helpful in accommodating us for extra nights as at first we didn't want to stay in the Holiday Inn. Location was fab too and the best thing was that the rates are really cheap! Highly advised.	
Sep 15 2006 	Great place to stay great location	I thought this was a great place to stay -- clean room with a coffeemaker, iron and hair dryer, amazing view (I was on floor 20), and perfect location to travel anywhere in the city. I'd stay there again. The only reason I didn't give it an excellent is because I switched rooms twice: I booked a last minute package through Site59.com and requested a high floor (by calling the hotel directly)...they gave me a tiny room on a high floor but right behind the extremely loud elevators. There was no way I could deal with the elevator noise all night so I asked to move, then they gave me a handicapped room with a bathroom that hadn't ever been renovated and smelled like mold. I was ready to bail on my reservation and trash them here, but they very nicely apologized and gave me a great normal room (I was very polite when I requested that they move me again or cancel me, and the bathroom was disgusting).So I forgive them for that slip on night one because the rest of the trip was perfect and people were very helpful and friendly. Just don't take a handicapped room or one behind the elevators.	
Sep 13 2006 	Not Bad	We were pleasantly surprised at the value relative to most of the area properties we searched. Most of the staff was quite helpful and informative (one notable exception). The hotel was quite clean and comfortable. Our only negative comment was that the hotel decor seems stuck in the 80's--needs updating. The location was convenient for picking up the cable car line as well as city buses using the MUNI Passports (great deal).	
Sep 5 2006 	Room with a view	This was our first hotel and our next door neighbours who had stayed there on a stop over assured us it was a good place to stayOur taxi driver from the airport was concerned about the immediate area to the south but we didn't venture south of Pine Street (trip advisor advice) and we felt quite comfortable at all times. As it happened we felt really safe as our floor was swarming with police---it was a 2 day interview session for new recruits! From our window we could see a view over the bay (well from a certain angle) which was unusually fog free (heatwave) Rooms were a reasonable size and clean and comfortable, the staff were very friendly and the breakfast buffet was very welcome The only disappoinment was the &quot;rooftop pool&quot; It was small ugly looked dirty and was located in a very utilitarian areaAs for location there were bus stops and a cable car very close to the hotel and for two of our three days it was &quot;Spirit of the Earth&quot; day so all public transport was free. What timing! We also did a fair bit of walking The eating places near the hotel were unexciting but with free transport we coild eat elsewhere. The cable car stopped in the middle of China Town for example(Oh and we had booked our Alcatraz tickets in advance)	
Aug 29 2006 	Excellent hotel	I was very apprehensive regarding my stay at this hotel follwing the reviews i read before going. However i am pleased to say all the bad reviews were completely false and must be made up by some sicko.this hotel is stunning -the staff are all very helpful and friendly.the rooms were lovely and cleanit is in an excellent location - 10 mins walk to union square, and within easy reach of public transport (a system very easy and accesible to use)i would def recommend staying here	
Aug 23 2006	Excellent stay	We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway in San Francisco. The hotel was excellent. We arrived around midnight and were exhausted after driving 14 hours. The staff were great, we were checked in and in our room within about 10 minutes of arriving. The rooms were very clean with up to date decor. The beds slept great after riding all day. There was plenty of space and our room had a refrigerator at no extra cost. Our room was on the 22nd floor and the view of the city was magnificant as well as over looking the pool. The pool, however would have been great if it had been a little warmer. Although it did not keep our 9 year old out. The cable car stop was just outside the hotel and we were always able to get on. However, the stop at Powell to change cars was not as easy. Usually the car was full by the time it reached that particular stop. Sometimes, we waited for later cars and at times grabbed a cab. We never spent more than $6-8 on the cab rides and it was worth it instead of waiting in the lines when it was cold and the kids are tired. This was a great family trip and it was made even better by all the great input from trip advisor. Parking at the hotel was great, it was $30/night, we thought a little steep, but it seemed cheaper than most. But we parked the night we arrived and did not get in the car again until the morning we left to come home. It always makes a much better vacation when the place you are using a home base is what you are expecting. This was better. Bama4ever	
Aug 21 2006 	You Can't Go Home	My wife &amp; I went to San Francisco in July 06 to spend our 25th and I had stayed at this hotel way back in 1976. In looking at the pictures on the Holiday Inn website, I thought &quot;its' been updated and modernized several times since my first stay in 76&quot;....wrong. Other than the FANTASTIC front desk man (Marvin) it just wasn't our cup of tea. The first room we were given was a handicap accessible room and the bathroom had a sink only hanging from the wall, no vanity....no place to put your cosmetics. My wife actually packs a rather LARGE bag with just hair stuff, rollers, curlers, flattners, blowers, gels, sprays, etc., etc., etc., so we went right back down and told Marv &quot;it ain't going to work&quot;. He apologized that we had been given the room by a junior desk clerk and agreed that a week in that room won't work. The next room we got was better bathroom wise, but not much. As I sat looking around the cramped, little room I thought to myself, &quot;this looked so much bigger in 1976 when I was a scrawny 19 year old&quot;? Anyway, along with being a shoebox, the carpet was FILTHY and it looked like a previous guest had vomited on the side of the bed and onto the carpet. I then took out my trusty laptop and proceeded to book a room at the Hilton on Kearny St. in the Financial District. It was like night and day, our room was spacious, the carpets were spotless, the furniture and decor were out of a magazine, the bathroom was to die for! Granted our rate at the Holiday Inn was just under 225.00 US a night and the Hilton was 350.00 US a night, but it was worth EVERY penny for the seven great nights in the City by the Bay. My wife and I just won't have slept a wink at the Holiday Inn, between the disgusting carpets, the cramped space, sagging bed, ratty furniture and the A/C unit that sounded like a farm tractor running next to you....we would have come home and headed for divorce court. Hope the above helps you decide on this place. Remember first impressions are not what they appear to be...the lobby and front desk area of the hotel are great, the rooms have seen better days and the entire place needs a top to bottom re-do, end of story. If you do stay here, I hope you have the pleasure of dealing with Marvin from Oakland, behind the front desk. He's a real joy and bears a striking resemblence to George Foreman!One other thing both the Holiday Inn and the Hilton stick you up for parking a car in their garage, the Holiday Inn was $ 32.00 per night on top of the $ 225.00 for the room. The Hilton was $ 42.00 per night on top of the 350.00 per night. Rather steep, but hey if you're in San Francisco your in one of the world's best cities and you pay for the best I guess.	
Aug 19 2006 	Good central location	Located right next to the start of the California Street Cable Car this Holiday Inn is in a great position for visiting all of the sights. Be aware that San Francisco is a haven for the homeless, transvestites and weirdo’s in general. All of them where harmless and friendly though.The front desk staff where excellent. Friendly and very helpful.The breakfast was reasonable but it all had that Californian fake food taste. The &quot;sports bar&quot; food was poor but the staff where friendly and the pool tables where usable. There are several great Thai, Indian, Greek and Italian restaurants in the street behind the hotel.The pool is shaded in the afternoon and freezing. Best avoided.Free WiFi throughout the hotel and an expensive business centre in the basement.	
Aug 19 2006 	Enjoyable stay	Spectacular views from bedrooms. Our's looked over pool and city. Rooms clean and comfortable. Most of staff friendly and helpful. Hotel has excellent location within easy reach of transport system. We benefitted from buying metro pass allowing unlimited travel. One of our party enjoyed the swimming pool although would have preferred it to be warmer. Air conditioning was noisy at night. Would definately recommend.	
Aug 11 2006	Excellent Start	This hotel was an excellent start to our 2 months of travel in US and Canada. We stayed with them for 3 nights from 4 June and, despite it being a large, corporate hotel, all the staff were very friendly and helpful (extra brownie points to the lady in the Gift Shop who doubles as the Concierge for going the extra mile). Our room was large, well furnished and well maintained and our pre-travel request of a room high up and overlooking the bay had been granted. We made the mistake of picking up our car at the airport on arrival and thought the hotel's car parking charge was unreasonable. We didn't like the polystyrene cups on the drinks tray either, but found that they were used by a lot of hotels on our travels. If you're a tea drinker, then take your own. Apart from those 2 niggles, we enjoyed our stay at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway as it was very central and we were able to walk to most places.	
Aug 9 2006 	Location Location Location and a View to Die For	My wife, baby and I visited SF from 7/21-7/24, and stayed the entire time at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway. First off, understand that you are visiting the most expensive tourist city in the U.S., and that such annoyances as hotel parking fees, traffic, urban noise, clueless tourists, conventions and what-not are to be expected. I recommend you familiarize yourself with the surroundings (like where Starbucks is - there are two within baby-crawling distance, or where the locals go for food/sundries). Check-in: flawless. The baby barely realized I'd stopped the car when the missus came bustling out of the lobby with the room keys. This was at 9pm on a Friday night. Parking was no problem, as I found a spot right next to the elevator access.The room: plenty big for a family of three (king bed, and the hotel provided a crib at no charge). We were on the 23rd floor, with an absolutely breathtaking view of the city. Pay the extra money, it's worth it. We were treated to a fireworks show taking place at the Giants' baseball stadium. It was magical. We could actually open the window a crack to let in fresh air when we needed it. (it was an unusually hot weekend in SF). The king size bed was comfortable, and although there's not a lot of counter space in the bathroom, it was not cramped. This is a city hotel, not a resort, so if you're expecting an expansive suite in any hotel in S.F., you need to recalibrate your expectations. The room's door must have been super industrial sound-proofed, because although we were adjacent to the ice-maker in the hallway, we could barely hear it.Room service: prompt, friendly, good/hot food and plenty of it. We ordered the chicken quesadilla, buffalo wings and cheese steak. The buffalo wings especially, were killer.Hotel staff - quite friendly and knowledgeable, save for the lady in the gift shop, who was easily ignored.Location: Perfect. The California St. Cable car line ends right at the corner of Van Ess and California, making getting on/off the cable car easy as pie. An added bonus is that everyone has to get off the car at the stop, so you never are stuck watching a full cable car go by. Make sure to purchase the all-day pass for unlimited use of the cable cars and buses. Short cab rides will get you to Golden Gate Park, the avenues, Castro District. Other attractions like Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf and Chinatown are all within (long) walking distance or via cable car. Again - the all-day pass is CHEAP transportation.If you are visiting a relative at The Towers, make sure to ask for the special rate. Checkout - this was done easily using the hotel's TV menu. No need to stand in line at the front desk. If you have parked a car, make sure you take your room key with you to the parking garage, because you'll need it to get out, and the gate is not always attended. One minor gripe was the door handle, which seemed to have a mismatched set-screw. It protruded a bit and I scratched my finger when using the door handle. I never did get around to telling the front desk about it.We will definitely be staying there again on our next trip.	
Aug 2 2006 	Never again	I was staff on a convention that took place at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway.From check-in to check-out this was a disaster. First they told me I had no reservation and quoted me considerably more for a room that night. With the exception on Marvin (thank you Marvin!) the front desk staff was unknowledgable, unhelpful and borderline rude.The next day, I had to switch rooms due to needing to stay on the same floor with the staff of my convention and the rate was different as well. This took them well over an hour to figure out, causing me and several other people to have a long wait in the lobby. The front desk staff seemed unaware of what rooms we had reserved, how many and what kind.During the convention there were charges added to the total fees for the venue that were not discussed prior and the room (the one the convension was in) was oppressively hot, despite complaints from patrons to resolve this issue.Check out went relatively smoothly.Now, I have gotten my credit card bill and they charged me for not showing up (the original reservation they couldn't find). They have promised to refund, but that is the last straw.They have not only caused me to never want to come back to that particualar location, but I do not think I'll be staying at any Holiday Inn again.	
Aug 1 2006 	Could have been better	CONS:We stayed on the 7th floor in the corner room and boy was our room cold. Even with the heating on i found myself freezing everyday and would rush out of the bathroom as i could not bare to stay on the cold marble stones. I actually found the cleanliness of our room not very good, the 7th floor corridor needed a really good hoover every day that we were there as the floor was filthy.The gift shop oh boy that was fun to wait around for the lady to hurry up booking people onto tours so i could buy some water. I left the queue as i could not be bothered to wait any longer and went for breakfast imagine my surprise when i came back half and hour later to find the gentleman who was in front of me still queuing.PROS:Great location really easy to get to everythingReally great front desk staff very helpfull and pleasantThe gift shop although the longest queues i have ever seen if you ever managed to wait for your turn she was very helpfull.Really nice places to eat round the corner.Would stay here again if we went back to SF but no way on the 7th floor in a corner room.	
Jun 28 2006 	Not Impressed--Especially for Business Traveler	Positives: Our room did have a great view--we were on the 24th floor; room was clean and well-kept during stay; and we were permitted early check-in at 11am.Negatives: Very difficult to get on wireless Internet network (down for significant portion of stay); Customer service lacking at front desk, concierge station and gift shop; Fire alarm went off in our room and adjacent rooms at 2am for no apparent reason and after 2 hours, had to take smoke detector off wall to get it to stop ringing.	
Jun 28 2006	Excellent Hotel.	My wife and I stayed here from June 11th to the 15th. The hotel and its room are spacious, clean and comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful and we enjoyed afew breakfasts in the restaurant. It has a nice bar as well which is very important to us Brits!Whilst the hotel is remote from most other touristy hotels it does enjoy a central location ideal for those happy to walk to Union Square or Fishermans Wharf. It also lies on a busy North/South Bus route and is adjacent to the cable car terminus. It is also close to some excellent restaurants that are very popular with the locals (The House of Prime Rib being one).We were very happy with our choice of hotel and would stay there again if we ever returned to San Francisco	
Jun 27 2006	Lovely hotel ideally located for public transport	I was a bit nervous reading all the bad reviews but we were quite happy with our 4 nights stay at this hotel. Well we didn't use the internet or the car park so I can’t comment on any of that. The hotel was ideally located for public transport with a bus stop across the street and a cable car stop right beside it. I would also recommend the 3 day MUNI pass for $18 per person that we used during our stay. The cable car is a bit expensive with a flat charge of $5 one way! So the pass is good for hopping on and off as many times as you need. The hotel staff were very friendly and courteous. The room was very clean and quite spacious for the two of us. And we even got a free fridge! We were on the 10th floor and the view was still pretty good. So all in all it was a lovely stay and I would recommend it.	
Jun 6 2006	Will Never Stay at this Holiday Inn - Cheaters and Liars	We didn't even get to stay here! ...And we never will. They are very insulting of my intelligence and regards for quality customer service. Trying to check in by parking in the portico was terrible to start. But the worst was when 3 different ways of booking the room came out to very different results. Let me first mention that I am aware that hotels have &quot;internet only&quot; rates. WIth that in mind, when booking the room on the internet, I was able to get a room for $107 with the &quot;Entertainment Card&quot; rate, AAA rate $134, standard rate $179. I didn't book the room in advance because I needed the room at noon for my family to check in, and I wanted to do it at noontime so that they could tell me if it were possible to check in right away. So, I called at noon and was told over the phone that the room type I wanted was not available anymore, but a &quot;lower&quot; room was available, but for the same price as the better room. For some reason, I didn't trust this person, so I drove over there since I was only a few blocks away. When I got there, the front desk person had a different story. He said the room type I wanted was available, at $179, but there were no discounts since the hotel was busy. No AAA rate, nor Entertainment, nor anything. He suggested I go back to the internet and book the rate I was getting and then come back. I told him that AAA and Entertainment are not &quot;Internet&quot; rates and I am almost always able to get at least a AAA discount at the front desk. He didn't care. He was cocky. I have never been turned away at the front desk before trying to book a room. Usually the hotels I go to will do anything to keep you there - find some sort of rate other than the rack rate! I couldn't believe it. It was insulting. I have never stayed there, and I don't know why I was making such an effort to stay there. I am a hotel &quot;junkie&quot; and like to try different hotels, especially in SF. Plus, this hoteI had a pool, which is rare in SF. I have stayed at the best and at 3 star hotels, but I know I will not try this hotel ever. For a comparable price, try the Miyako Hotel - excellent service, room decor, views and location. Also, the Comfort Inn on Lombard. My feeling is if I can get even one person who reads this to not stay at the Holiday Inn, I will feel satisfaction that they didn't really make any extra money by not booking the room to me at the discount price and by lying about availability and rates. Stay somewhere else.	
Jun 5 2006	horrible hotel	This hotel is horrible..it has the worst customer service I've ever encountered. The front desk staff is rude and slow. The Front Desk Managers are no where to be found.	
Jun 1 2006	Stay here! It's a GREAT PLACE!	Just returned from San Francisco where we stayed at this hotel. It was clean, great location, people were friendly, room service food was great (try the chocolate cake with Haagen-Daz and hot fudge). Too cold for the pool... had a great view from the 16th floor. We bought the 3 day MUNI pass and rode and rode and rode. Cable car stop and Starbucks on the corner. It was quiet, perfectly secure, never saw any prostitutes in the lobby. I don't know where these bad reviews are coming from, but if you bid this in a package or on priceline[...] you have a steal with this San Francisco hotel. I would absolutely return! Try the Grubsteak restaurant around the corner, the Polk Station restaurant, Mel's Diner all within walking distance. Little Joe's toward the Wharf on Van Ness was great for Italian. The 49 or 47 will take you to the F trolley on Market to go to the Castro district. Take the 49 or 47 to Market and switch to the 71 and go to Haight-Ashbury. You can go anywhere from this hotel with little difficulty. It was a HUGE value but we never felt second-class.	
May 30 2006	A Good Choice for SFO	One of the problems with these &quot;first-person&quot; travel sites is the uniqueness of some of the experiences which are used to make generalizations about the experiences which &quot;everyone&quot; will have.The &quot;eye of the beholder&quot; is not the same for everyone, so (sometimes) the reviews - especially at the extremes of the ratings - have to be taken with a grain of salt.So, keeping the above in mind, here is one married couple's insights into the Golden Gateway - where we stayed 4 nights over the Bay to Breakers weekend.What we liked about the hotel:- Staff attitudes were uniformly excellent and the management appears to be trying very hard to make this a preferred hotel for San Francisco (within their price range). I made several calls for laundry and guest services and - every time - someone was at the door almost before I put down the phone.- The hotel is oriented north and south, and views are absolutely panoramic: real picture postcard kind of stuff.- If there are parts of the hotel which are &quot;dirty&quot; or &quot;tired looking&quot;, we never saw them. Everything was up to date, and well-maintained.- Room size was appropriate. The room wasn't huge - but we weren't cramped, either.- Location as far as public transportation is superb. What can I say: if you are driving a car in San Francisco, then I feel a deep and abiding sympathy for you. It is very far from being a car-friendly town. If you take the time to pick up a 3-day, or 7-day, MUNI Passport that allows you to move about the city very efficiently, for less than you would spend in just parking. The California Street cable car turnaround is half a block from this hotel - which gives you a great east-west option to the Embarcadero. For anything else, buses running north and south go up and down Van Ness about every 3 minutes - and the Van Ness buses go direct to Fishermans' Wharf.What we didn't like about the hotel (reasons this hotel is a &quot;4&quot; instead of a &quot;5&quot;):- Because of the way it's constructed - essentially just a big glass box - this hotel admits a lot of noise. Although you may not hear what's going on the next room, you will hear sirens and traffic noise from outside. On the other hand, if you are noise sensitive, is an intense urban area like SF really the place you want to be?- Room service is weird. They really push the breakfast, which is available until 11AM. Then - when room service starts up again at 5PM - it's available only until 10PM. I don't understand the hole around lunchtime. And it seems as though you'd want to be ready to prepare food until at least midnight, for people returning from late events who don't want the trouble of finding a restaurant still open.Other complaints about this hotel that I have noticed on this list are complaints about San Francisco itself. The city is what it is.It's a major metro area in a pleasant climate, so - yes - you will see people sleeping on the street, and the experience of seeing them can be uncomfortable.The city is full of prosperous tourists, in a free-spending mood, so - yes - people will stop you on the street to ask for money. If you refuse, some of them will be impolite.But, as far as feeling unsafe, I don't understand some of the previously posted comments.Like any big city, there are neighborhoods best left alone. But, our last night in the city, I was out and about until almost 1AM without feeling anxious or insecure. After many visits I have come to the conclusion that - although bad things CAN happen in SF - the vast majority of the time, they DON'T.	
May 25 2006	Good stay at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway	Husband and I booked this hotel for 3 nights, mid-May 2006, then we read the reviews. I was worried about what to expect and was pleasantly surprised when we got there. Our room was big for SFO standards. It was clean, up to date, we had a fridge without paying extra, and our view was wondeful. We were in room 2220. I saw the pool from our room but we never did use it. We paid 120. per night.I'm not sure why some people had such an issue with this place. We found the entire hotel to be fine, typical Holiday Inn standards, with helpful, courtesy staff. Maybe some of the issue is people using pricelline, of course the hotel isn't going to give you the best room, they know how much you paid. Maybe it also helped we were priority club members. It's free to join, no reason not to. The parking was 30. per day but that is clearly stated on Holiday Inn website and seemed to be a standard rate for hotel parking in downtown SFO. People need to understand SFO is the most expensive city in the US, everything is going to cost more than what it does in your home area.Nicely located, right next to the cable car line as others have mentioned. Would definitely recommend a MUNI pass, we did the 3 day for 18./person and it was quite useful, used public transportation the entire time. We would absolutely stay here again.	
May 24 2006	Great place to stay	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway for 10 days and had a great stay. Was a little concerned after reading some of the negative comments on Trip Advisor but I have to say I couldn’t really fault the hotel.I asked for a quiet room with a view and we got just that. 19th floor, overlooking Downtown. The view was stunning. You could see all the landmarks and even across to Oakland form the floor to ceiling, wall to wall windows.Our room was spotless and very large, beds are enormous, perfect for a good nights sleep. Bathroom was large also and had everything you needed. The staff were always available and friendly. The only problem was that the outdoor &quot;heated&quot; pool was no where near warm enough. I did complain a few times and the concierge called the maintenance people whilst i was stood there, but even on the last day the pool was freezing so don’t book if you really need the pool.The location is great to, right outside the cable car terminus and a nice stroll to most landmarks, we felt safe most of the time although Van Ness at night isn’t the best place, only because there are a few drunk / high homeless people hassling you but you can get that anywhere in San Fran.Would stay here again.	
May 21 2006	Good value and location	Some of the reviews of this hotel are absolutely ridiculous. Our room was large and very clean, with an amazing view of the city. We had two double beds, two chairs and a table, an armoire, and a small refrigerator that we did not have to pay extra for. Check-in went fine. We got there a little after 3:00, which one would expect to be a busy time, and the wait was 10 minutes at the most. Hotel desk clerks were very courteous, both at check in and later. You wouldn't mistake this hotel for the Ritz Carlton, but if you were expecting a luxury hotel at the Holiday Inn you need to have your expectations adjusted. The hotel was clean, comfortable, and convenient.  The hotel is very centrally located. Take the cable car, literally right next to the hotel, to Nob Hill, Chinatown, and the Embarcadero. Take the #19 bus on Polk Street to Ghirardelli Square and Fisherman's Wharf (the later is a couple blocks walk). If you're staying a couple of days, do yourself a favor and buy a bus pass, $18 for three days (otherwise the cable car is $5 each ride). These are available in the hotel gift shop, which was a nice service. There are a number of good and inexpensive restaurants within a block or two of the hotel, mostly on Polk Street. I enjoyed the Quetzal Cafe for breakfast and lunch (it also has internet service). For those who complained about the parking charge, this is clearly marked on the Holiday Inn website, and is pretty normal for downtown parking. Have you never parked downtown before?	
May 18 2006	Noisy okay otherwise	I always thought concrete slab high-rises had adequate noise insulation; now I know better. I could hear doors near my room SLAMMING shut late at night. If the hotel would just get rid of the door springs that cause those slams, it might be possible for heavy sleepers to get a good night's rest. If you stay here and want to walk around the neighborhood, avoid Polk Street south of Pine Street unless you want to &quot;take a walk on the wild side&quot;. One of the best things about staying here is that you can walk to the Grub-Steak restaurant on Pine near Polk (3/4 block from the hotel) and get a great burger, shake, breakfast or even a full dinner for a reasonable price as late as four in the morning daily. And there's even an outdoor deck where you can smoke and chat up the local street people. The Grub-Steak patio is often shared by late night barhoppers (gay and straight), English and German tourists from the hotel, and a sprinkling of drag queens and male and female prostitutes. Everyone gets along fine, although brawls occasionally take place. Bring your sense of humor and curiosity with you. This part of town is in many ways the most interesting in San Francisco. It's what people have in mind when they think of San Francisco being a free spirited city. It is certainly diverse: the very rich, the very poor, gay straight, all colors and ethnicities. Here you can just be yourself, whatever that is, and no one will give you a second thought. And for every seedy storefront or street person, there is an interesting and reasonably priced restaurant, cafe, bookstore, bar, club or boutique. Movie theaters are in walking distance. You can walk downtown. You are close to the mansions of Pacific Heights, the stunning views of Nob and Russian Hills, and the bayfront at Fisherman's wharf.Another plus: Right outside the hotel on California Street is one of the few places where you can catch the cable car without waiting in a long line.So maybe this hotel isn't so bad after all.	
May 10 2006	Disgusting /Dirty/ Nver to return!	As soon as we booked into this hotel, we immediatly had to change rooms as the original one's (we had booked two adjoining) were very dirty!We were then given another two adjoining rooms, yes still not much cleaner and also both rooms had twin beds.....one should have been king!The next day we were then moved to what was supposed to be executive adjoining rooms!!!!Well......yeah ok a little cleaner but then it was only because the manager made the staff steam clean the rooms before we went in them!Obvioulsy as i stated to the manager, that the standreds of their cleanliness were different from mine!I would never ever return to San Francisco....shame that it took this Hotel and its rude staff to put our family off, what is proberbly a very nice city...but it did just that!It was the end of March and we were on our way home from Honolulu so stayed their for 5 nights........ergggg big mistake!I was so glad to be home in my own clean bed oh yeah and the room service and food were disgusting!The staff were not very friendly and this hotel along with its staff mangaed to ruin what was left off our Honeymoon! Yes we took the kids,,,,,,,but then i am ill so we wanted too but the staff and hotel was a disgrace and i would in fact never stay at a Holiday Inn ever again...this has put me of big time!!!!!!!	
Apr 28 2006 	It works but pretty beat	I stayed there with my daughters for one night on our way back to L.A. Parking cost $32 with no valet. The restaurant and bar were closed. The room was clean enough for one night, but this place has definitely seen better days. You need a key in the elevator to get the door to close and go anywhere in the hotel so don't leave your key in your room when you check out. They must have a big problem with theft is all I can figure. For a quick stay for a day or two with a priceline price of $60 I can't complain too much, but otherwise I can't recommend it.	
Apr 25 2006 	Appalling	I can only believe that the hotel management are posting all the good reviews. My company requires all its employees to stay at this hotel when in town and without exception we all say it's dreadful and it's about to be changed.The rooms are tiny and worn out. Beds and furniture are falling apart. There is no room service during the day. Rooms are regularly not ready. Staff are badly trained. The streets are dangerous, certainly too risky to walk to Union Square in anything other than bright daylight. Most rooms are incredibly noisy as the windows are single glazed. Prostitutes are known to frequent the hotel lobby. Enough???Oh, and it's cheap.	
Apr 17 2006 	Terrible Customer Service	I had a prior reservation to stay at this hotel from 04/09 to 04/13/06. When I arrived after traveling all day from Florida, I was told 4 times that the room was not ready. I had already arrived after the check in time, but the clerical lady (Irene) stated the hotel was very busy the night before and the rooms were not getting cleaned fast enough. This lady was a total disaster to deal with. I stood at the counter with her for almost an hour, and eventually I had enough and requested a manager to help out. After 3 1/2 hours of waiting, I finally got my room. There were other people checking in to include, airline employees, and tour groups. They all got their rooms on time. My friend who was also traveling with me, received his room only to find someone elses luggage already in the room. I really have nothing good to stay about this hotel. The rooms are just ok, very dated. The location is also decent, only a block away from the trolly. Think twice before using this hotel, there are better hotels throughout the San Francisco area.	
Apr 7 2006	Beware - Robbery!!	Hi,while the hotel itself was actually pretty ok (clean, nice location, standard service - everything you would expect from a Holiday Inn), let me warn you that they charge you BIG time on top of your nightly room rate. First, they will take 30 dollars per night for parking. Yes, that is thirty dollars. Per night. While this pill was already hard to swallow, they topped it all off when I asked for a refridgerator (which is not standard in their rooms). &quot;Yes sir, you can have that but we must charge you 20 dollars per night&quot;. Excuse me? 20 dollars? Per night? For a freaking fridge? After talking to the manager he explained to me that parking charges that high are common in San Francisco (still robbery, if you ask me). And eventually his highness discounted the fridge, so I had to pay 10 dollars per night.You know all of this is enough to not recommend this hotel at all.	
Mar 28 2006	Golden Gate Holiday Inn	Well, my husband just returned from a long weekend in San Francisco and what a great city. Lots of things to do and see.We were a little worried about our hotel after reading the reviews, but from the moment we got there it was great. Marvin (front desk) checked us in 4 hrs early and upgraded us to a king room with a view. The hotel was clean, the room was small as well as the bathroom, but the view was great. We only slept in our room, so it didn;t matter.Would highly recommend getting a MUNI pass as the transit system is amazing. Took us all over the city without having to use a taxi once.Took a couple of side trips to Santa Cruz and also to Napa Valley. Definitely a must.Read that Pier 39 was overated, but is something to see. Was able to see the sea lions basking in the sun. Ghiradelli Square to get some chocolate, sat outside at the San Francisco Brewing Company and people watched during happy hour (cheap beer).Was a great city to see, lots to do and never a dull moment.	
Mar 28 2006 	Very mediocre	tiny room, great view, great location, amiable staff, annoying how when you call room service you have to leave a message and they call you back when they can get to yousticklers for details (although I had made my reservation with my amex card i forgot to bring it and they wouldn't use it to charge the room - makes tracking business expenses a little more difficult on this trip)while I paid a certain supposedly 'seminar rate' I saw an internet rate $40 less than the 'seminar rate' but they wouldn't let me use it	
Mar 18 2006	Would stay here again	Just spent 8 days here on business and was pleased with almost every aspect of this hotel. The lobby/hallway/and conference rooms were cold the first few days but the situation was tended to quickly by the staff and resolved. I had a lovely corner room on the 17th floor with a view to the north and east. As others have said, the cable car is just around the corner and there were lots of great restaurants very close by. Disappointed in Pier 39 - stereotypical tourist trap with no real substance. Would stay here again. Very attentive and responsive staff.	
Mar 4 2006	Well.....	Ok, I've been trying to think of how to compose my review of this hotel for a while. This place isn't terrible and it isn't good. It just is. The rooms are pretty old and worn, and not spotlessly clean. The lobby and common areas are typical of any American tourist-class hotel in a major city; 80s chic with lots of brass and mirrors, i.e., totally fine and totally unremarkable.Hey, on the bright side they don't seem to mind when prostitues wander 'aimlessly' in the lobby.I can only put it this way. You won't love your stay here but you probably won't detest it either. If you can get a ridiculously low rate, why not.	
Feb 15 2006	Good choice - would stay here again	I stayed here for 2 nights in February 2006 and would definitely stay here again.The rooms are a good size, clean and comfortable. The loaction of the hotel is great (cable car stop just around the corner).Staff were friendly and attentive.I've stayed in a few hotels in San Francisco and this is definitely one of the best for the price. I would have no hesitation in staying here again or recommending it to others.	
Feb 12 2006	Nice Hotel in Central San Francisco	Stayed in Room 2319 of the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway on Van Ness Avenue from Feb. 10-12, 2006. Rooms were clean and nice, may have been done over recently. Service was good: the hotel operator called the second day to make sure I was satisfied with everything. It was a good quality Holiday Inn and I would stay here again. The location is central, between California and Pine Streets, on Van Ness, but not the main tourist area. One nice feature is that the California Street cable car line runs right to the hotel. I chose to walk the challenging hills, but the cable car would be a better choice for most. In addition, Bus #47 on Van Ness runs right to the Fisherman's Wharf area (I chose to walk, but it is far for most people). The neighborhood was fine and around the block, on Polk Steet, there are many restaurants, including Italian, Thai, Vietnamese, Chinese, Indian, Greek, Pizza, etc.. Ate at the Italian restaurant across from Walgreen's and the Vietnamese place. Bother were good. There is a Ruth's Chris Steak House right across from the hotel and a Whole Foods Market a few blocks away.	
Feb 7 2006	Holdiay Inn meets expectations	I read some scathing reviews of this hotel, after I had already booked it on Priceline. Dont be scared off-- for a 3* hotel, this is perfectly acceptable. Clean, friendly, and accomodating even for the lowest cost payers like myself ($52 a night). Parking is $30 nightly. Next time, I'll take the BART into town from the airport.	
Jan 28 2006	Great experience	I went here on Jan 2006. It was a great hotel! Customer Service reps are willing to help. I was trying to get a confirmation page fax to this hotel for a tour, and they were very helpful and allowing me to use their fax. Another great thing was, they have a MAIL BOX for every room. There is a clean outdoor heated pool with beautiful scenes. One thing I enjoyed most was that i felt safe. In order to go up the elevators, you need to swipe your room card. This eliminate random people access into the hotel and disturb people (which happened to me when i was in another hotel). There was also one night where i needed to get plates and forks, so i went to their dinning hall, and they were able to give me what i needd. Not only that, they told me to leave it outside my room and room service people will pick it up, and they did. It's a wonderful experience here.Other than that, everywhere is pretty close to this hotel. Transportation is right nearby to get to farther places. I included some photographs of this hotel and nearby attractions.	
Jan 18 2006	great location	stayed here for 7 days and found the location excellent..cable car around the corner ...movie theatres within walking distance...bus line right on Van Ness...neighborhood restaurants offer great variety...staff were friendly and helpful...i felt very safe ...you have to swipe your room key to access elevator...room view was beautiful...room was clean...i am low maintenance...had no complaints...would definitely return here on my next visit	
Jan 9 2006	Yuck - old tired and not worth the money!	For the price we paid for this hotel $125 + tax, this place is definitely a DUMP. It's, at best, 3 stars. Parking is $30+tax per night here - not much choice as there isn't much parking around here unless you're lucky enough to get an on-street lot. Fine. Except the carpark doesn't make you feel very safe as it's open for access by the public, and it's dark. When we'd unloaded our bags from the car in the garage and were walking towards the door to enter the hotel, we were passed by a skanky looking woman (hooker most likely) in what we thought were hot pants (but it turned out to be a skirt) and a bra top, blaring loudly on the phone. What made it worse was that she strode into the hotel as if it were her house. If I were the hotel management, I'd be worried about the sort of clientele I was serving! The entrance from the garage to the hotel was dark, dingey, dirty with broken steps. The carpet in the lift lobby looked like it had many unidentifiable stains on it dried over from goodness-knows-when. YUCK. We took the lift up to our room, and were not surprised that the rotten-ness extended there as well. The bedspreads were faded, worn with threads sticking out. The pillows were lumpy, like they had been filled with coal instead of cotton. I didn't dare inspect too closely in case I saw any other worse things. The air-conditioner was very, very noisy in a droning manner - maybe to drown out the street noise?The bathroom looked like it was about 50 years old. Tiny, and not enough space for more than 1 person in it at a time.Overall, this place is awful. It's dark, OLD and not worth anything more than $60-70 a night. No breakfast provided. The only thing going for this place is the location, especially if you're a foodie - it's is one block up from Polk - lots of restaurants on this street, expecially Asian (Thai, Vietnamese etc) and seafood. Check out Chai Yo (Thai), Yabbi's (seafood), Aux Delices (Vietnamese)...	
Jan 1 2006	Good value and good location	Without doubt all areas of this hotel look somewhat tired - but this belies a good standard of comfort and convenience and good value for money at £60 a night.The staff were helpful and the room a good size, clean and comfortable with a great view from our high floor room towards the bay area. Free wireless internet access and in room coffee were both very welcome.The location was excellent with the California cable car a step away and several buses to places of interest running past the door. The $18 3 day pass for transport ($24 for a week) is a real bargain. We ate the hotel breakfast once in our 3 nights - ideal if you want a leisurely blowout meal and good value at $15 on that basis, but for something simpler and cheaper the Station diner behind the hotel on Polk is highly recommended.	
Dec 10 2005 	Did not meet minimum standards...Dirty	Stayed for 4 nights, we were very busy with meetings first few days... then had more time to look around... one blanket had huge hole cut in it from a burn. One bedspread had a crusty spot (yuk) and the other one was patched...mattresses were very old and causing us both sore backs, the springs were nearly popping out... Dust and dirt were hiding in all corners... overall the room was poorly maintained... The details are to numerous or icky and I do not care to recall them all.PositivesWe had a nice view to the east on a high floor. We watched the sunrise over the Berkeley Hills every morning. Free parking all over the area. Just read the street signs and ask the gas station attendants. I am posting this because I rely on this site to give me accurate information and want to share my experience. I will not stay there again	
Nov 30 2005	Modern rooms very comfortable	This was an enjoyable stay, there was free internet access for my laptop in the room, very modern decor, perhaps a bit small, with a great shower.I got this hotel at a steal, only $57/night on priceline.The facilities look good for business travelers, there was a Japanese conference on at the time. Beware that the gym is nothing more than a small room with a few machines.The other thing to watch out for is parking, it isn't free and they charge hotel guests $25 per day.The location was good too, quite close to the beatiful civic buildings they have on Van Ness Ave. And theres a great bagel place and pizza place around the corner.	
Nov 22 2005	Great location pleasant hotel	When we first arrived, I wasn't too sure about the location, but it turned out to be a nice district.The hotel itself? Very pleasant indeed. OK, the rooms may be a little dated, but comfortable (with some nice furniture). Staff were all friendly and helpful as well. We were on the 19th floor and so got some amazing views!We never ate at the hotel, as we found a great little Italian eaterie (Victors?) round the corner and got our breakfast at a friendly bagel place on the corner of Polk.As others have said, great location in terms of transport. Go to the hotel gift shop and purchase a MUNI pass, which allows you to use the cable cars and trolleybusses.I would definitely use this hotel again.	
Nov 17 2005	Plain hotel in reasonable location with good transport	Just back from 5 nights in SF. This hotel was part of a holiday package we booked and we found it a bit shabby. Definitely not 'recently refurbished' as the Holiday Inn website says. On the plus side, the beds were comfy and front desk were very helpfull when we asked to change to a quiter room (rooms facing Van Ness are very noisy, even on the high floors!)and found us a room at the back. In spite of there being a constant stream of holiday makers and conference goers checking in and milling about the lobby, we weren't disturbed by other guests. Front desk were also helpful when I wanted to make a call to the UK and suggested I bought a phone card from the kiosk rather than pay $10 a minute on my credit card! Didn't try hotel food as there are plenty of nice restaurants if you turn left on Polk including The Indian Aromo (very cheap and friendly!) and a bit futher down The Crepe House. We had the worst cappuccinos in the Starbucks on the corner including a lecture on how to make them when we complained that they were all foam and no coffee!! Try Tulleys across the street instead, friendly guys and nicer muffins!! Good transport to the main tourist attractions from Vann Ness and Polk on buses and the California line cable car terminus is right round the corner. Good if you're desperate to ride the outside and we were :o) You can buy MUNI transport passes at the hotel kiosk. All in all, if I vist ST again, I'm saving up and going to Nob Hill but, I'd recommend this hotel for budget travel if your not too fussy about decor and age of the fittings!	
Nov 15 2005	Very happy with the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway	After reading some of the reviews concerning this hotel my husband and I were not sure what to expect. We figured even if the place was a dive it wouldn't matter as we would be gone most of the time sightseeing. We were pleasantly surprised. Check in was smooth (of course, it was 2:30 in the morning but that is another story). The room was smallish but well appointed. No, this isn't the Ritz but we thought the decorations were soothing and pleasant. Bathroom again was a little on the small side but clean and the fixtures were all new looking. We were on the 17th floor and the view was spectacular. Better than when we stayed at the Renaissance Park 55 Hotel in Union Square. As far as location, we again were happy. The California line for the cable cars ends/begins right there and it is always easy to get on unlike the Powell/Hyde line. If you want to go to Fisherman's Wharf take the California Line all the way down to the end which is Embarcadero Street. Then take one of the refurbished electric trolleys to Fisherman's Wharf. You can hop off the California Line when it crosses the Powell/Hyde line and take your chances on finding room on a cable car. It all depends on the day and the time whether you will get on or not.We would definately stay here again. You can get this hotel on Priceline for around $70 and for that price it is a good deal.	
Oct 12 2005	Excellent experience would absolutely go again	This was definitely a very pleasant surprise. The hotel itself was nicely done up, and the staff were extremely courteous and pleasant. I had the room on a $47 priceline winning bid, and not once was priceline ever mentioned. The staff went out of their way to accommodate whatever room preferences I had, even though the hotel was booked out for the weekend! They also were extremely helpful with getting Internet connected for my laptop. I had a room on the 21st floor, and the views were simply great. I have attached some pictures, hopefully they show. Only one minor complaint, the room was extremely small, but since we were out most of the day, it really didn't matter as long as we had a clean, comfortable bed to return to at night.	
Oct 6 2005	Good Location Rooms Old and Blah	We stayed here in June 2005 driving up from Stanford University to the Humbolt Redwoods.I booked the hotel because it looked very nice on the Holiday Inn website. When I arrived in the lobby, I was impressed by the decor. Very inviting. Then I went to check in, and they did not have my room available! In fact, the hotel was full and I didn't have a room even though I booked it on their very own Holiday Inn website! After being in the lobby for about 45 minutes with the staff all questioning each other what they should do, the manager finally cleaned up a room for us to check into.The manager tried to tell us it was a great room with a great view. When I opened the door, it was like 1960's decor. It was the OLDEST Holiday Inn I ever stayed at. The linens were so worn, that you could see right through it. They were nearly transparent. The bathroom was small and vanity cracked and discolored. The carpet was a orange/brown color and you could tell the years of traffic really worn them down to where they no longer looked fuzzy. The windows were dirty. The view was ok.You had to pay $25 per night for parking. No free breakfast here. They have a restaurant downstairs but it was not that great.If you want to eat at Crustaceans (popular restaurant), make sure that you get reservations! It is nearly impossible to eat there without. And you must &quot;dress appropriately.&quot; There weren't that many good restaurants in this part of San Fran. We did enjoy Sushi Rock just a block or so away. Overall, I would choose this Holiday Inn only for adding to my Reward Points, but not for any other reason.	
Sep 17 2005	Pleasantly Surprised	Holiday Inn Golden Gateway, Van Ness Avenue at California Street. Newly renovated and inviting lobby, attentive bellman service, great customer service at Reception Desk. We were here for the bicycle race on Labor Day Weekend. Rooms extremely clean. Cozy and functional bathroom. Roof top pool in great condition for a morning or afternoon dip. This is an above average Holiday Inn, with a noticeably sophisticated and international clientele. We are bargain travelers, so from the airport, we took BART to Civic Center station, then took the #19 bus up the hill to California, and walked one block to the hotel. Do yourself a big favor, and buy the Muni pass at the airport, or at the foot of the cable car line at Powell Street. It's good for all MUNI transportation, including ALL cable car lines. The per trip fare for the cable cars just went up to $ 5.00 each, one way, no transfers. The Muni Pass is $ 11.00 for a 1 Day Pass, unlimited access; $ 18.00 for a 3 Day unlimited; $ 24.00 for a 5 Day unlimited. The California Cable Car line is a few steps from hotel- take it to Chinatown. Take the # 19 bus on Polk, around the corner from the hotel to Fishermans Wharf. Lots of great shopping on Polk. Caution - don't travel too far south on Polk or you'll find yourself in the seedy Tenderloin area. Polk Street north of California towards the Wharf is perfectly safe. Hint: everyone who visits San Francisco wants to ride the cable cars. The crowds and lines dwindle in the late evening, say after 9 PM. There is a potential to wait upwards of one to two hours at the foot of Powell or at the Wharf during peak tourist periods.If your time is limited I suggest you wait until then. Also - the very pleasant &quot;F&quot; Street Car runs along Market Street, and will take you to the Fishermans Wharf, and to the Castro District. Take the MUNI # 71 HAIGHT-Noriega bus from Market Street to the Haight-Asbury District. Take the MUNI # N train to the San Francisco Zoo. You don't need a car in this city, don't be foolish and pay an additional $ 29.00 a day for hotel parking and high parking lot prices.	
Sep 16 2005	Great place to stay	The staff was very courteous and professional. Concierge knows the area. She is a smart lady and helped us with everything we asked about. Room was clean and pleasantly decorated. Nice location. Food in the restaurant is good.	
Sep 4 2005	Good Location and Good Price	Four of us stayed here for four nights Aug.20-23/05. We had 2 rooms, one with 2 double beds and the other with a king bed. The king bed room was on the northeast corner of the 24th floor and the windows on the north and east sides gave us a panoramic view of Alcatraz and the Oakland-Bay Bridge and the Coit Tower. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable. The bathrooms were well appointed and very clean. We didn't use the pool as there are too many other great things to do in the city. Parking in the garage was expensive ($24.00/day) with in and out privileges. Public transit was close at hand, which we love to take advantage of. We did take a taxi once to Union Square (great shopping!!) and it cost less than $6.00. We checked-in late on a Sat. night and ate in the hotel Grill...not impressed at all! We did have breakfast the next morning in the main restaurant but it was expensive and only adequate. The hotel does NOT have a concierge which would be extremely helpful in a city like San Fran. We had been to the city several times before and knew enough to dress in layers as the weather can change very quickly. We do LOVE San Fran and would probably not stay at this hotel again as we like to try different locations. The security was very good as you have to use your room key to get to your floor. We felt very safe at this location.	
Aug 29 2005	Good enough location	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. The room was clean and large with a small bathroom. The bedroom and especially the bathroom needs refurbished.We were on a tour and the Rep recommended a Chineze restaurant across the road for breakfast - uugghh. Give it a skip. We visited a lovely Italian Restaurant a few blocks away which the bell boy recommended (can not remember name started with A) and the following evening had a beautiful meal in &quot;The Front Room&quot; lovely pastas and pizzas and great value for money. Really enjoyed our meal there, only a few block's walk away. We were in San Fran in August and it was chilly so bring your jumpers just in case. Walked from the hotel to Union Square and did all the sights on foot - exhausted that evening with all the hills but is a nice town.	
Aug 23 2005	Great views from nice rooms	Stayed here the first two nights of our tour, rooms were good size very clean and well equipped. Breakfast was pricey but very good.Hotel is at the cable car start , making it very handy for getting around all the sights and taxis are very cheap and if you get the right driver exciting, jumping the intersections etc. We enjoyed our short time in san fran so much we are heading back later this year, might even stay at the golden gateway again.	
Aug 18 2005	tolerable	I got this place on Priceline for $59 and it wasn't bad. The room itself was clean and there were no real flaws with the room, but there was nothing that stuck out as being incredible about it either. One thing I found to be an annoyance more than anything else was you had to swipe your keycard everytime you entered the elevator, granted this is a saftey percaution, but if somebody wants to go to a certain floor they will find a way around this without much difficulty. The biggest problem with the hotel is it's location, it is not within walking distance to many attractions. On the map it doesn't look like the pier is too far but the steep hills of the SF streets can wear you out rather quickly. There really isn't much within walking distance as far as good, reasonably priced restaurants go either. The parking garage can be difficult to get around in. I don't really know why they have a pool, it's outside and it was too cold to go swimming in the middle of the day in August. The food from the restaurant was okay, it kind of reminded me of Applebee's food actually. The staff here was just like the rest of the hotel, no real problems with them, but nothing special about them either. This place is decent if you get it off priceline and are able to drive places, if not I'd look elsewhere. Allof this adds up to a rating of 3 out of 5 stars for the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway.	
Jul 29 2005	Out of the way but still convenient	It isn't in a touristy area but the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway was clean, the staff helpful and I felt safe there with my niece. Our view from the 19th floor was great! You are right next to the end of the California cable car line so you can always get on (not true coming the other direction) and the #47 bus line in front of the hotel takes you directly to Fisherman's Wharf or to Market street where you can catch the streetcar to the shopping near Union Square. There's a great coffee shop across the street, too. I would absolutely stay there again.	
Jul 27 2005	Good location	We obtained the room through Priceline[-], and the rate ws excellent, however it was the worst room of our whole trip. Also, the most expensive parking, not sure why it cost $28.50 here and only $15 at Fisherman's Wharf. However, it was great to be able to open a window and not have to use airconditioning. It had a pool that our seven year old loved. The room was small and dated, but as it is only for sleeping that was okay. The location was great at the beginning of the California cable line, and the restaurants behind the hotel and on the side streets were excellent value. Would stay again for the location at the priceline cost.	
Jul 23 2005	Watch out for the windows!	Just a warning, we were surprised to find that the window opened up on our 22nd floor. Imagine if a kid managed to pry it open!!! That was not safe feature there at all.No fan in the bathroon and no vent that worked for us. Room was an ok size but nothing special at all. Really old and basic. It was also noisy there. Parking was expensive too.View was great and so was the breakfast buffet. Would not stay again.	
Jul 11 2005	Good Location	Our problems started at the reception. Firstly there was a permanent queue there and even to ask aquestion you had to stand in line behind people checking in. I had booked 2 rooms , one with 2 beds for my 2 sons. The reception told me they could only provide one bed and a rollaway bed for an extra $20. I refused to take it. They kept me waiting while they consulted computers and managers. In the end I settled for a smoking room for the boys with 2 beds and they did'nt charge the extra money. But it is a pity they have not heard about air freshners as the room and even the corriodor stunk of stale tobacco. My advice to travellers is to stand your ground at the reception and demand what you have booked.	
Jul 10 2005 	great view ugly room	This hotel needs refurbishing. The rooms are dim in decor and lack even a hint of luxury. The front desk staff are charming. The neighborhood is fair to poor and not charming at all. The walkways from garage to elevators smell of urine. The room service was unapologetically late. We waited one hour for an order of beverages. The restaurant staff lack enthusiasm. The conference facilities are mediocre. The parking is outrageously expensive.The view in our room was outstanding. There was no discernable noise and we would have slept well had it not been for poor quality mattress and bedding.	
Jun 21 2005 	A Gem of a Hotel	I was attending a conference in San Francisco and booked here just to be at the conference hotel. My expecations were low, but I was really pleasantly surprised! The hotel is in a great location, right in the center of everywhere you might want to be. There's a cable car stop right behind the hotel, and you can buy transit passes in the hotel gift shop. Within 1 block is a Bank of America, Well Fargo Bank, and a Walgreen's drug store - everyone always forgets cash and some sundry. For $10 extra we upgraded to a &quot;superior view&quot; room, and man did it have it! It was a corner room with huge windows on both corner walls. One had a spectatular view of the Bay and the other looked out over the Presidio. We didn't spend a lot of time in the room, but it was quite comfortable with a nice sized bathroom. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. There wasn't a closet - it had a small wardrobe instead - but there was enough space to hang all our items. There was a coffemaker, iron and ironing board in the room, and the hotel has wireless internet so bring your wireless card, or you can get one at the front desk. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. The Housekeepers always made a point to wish us good morning or good afternoon. The only thing I might complain about was that pillows were pretty flat, but other pillows were available and I never took the time to call housekeeping for different ones.We didn't try any of the hotel resturants because there was so much great food in SF. Just 4 safe blocks away was Maharani where we had a fabulous Indian meal. A $7 cab ride away on Union St. is Night Monkey, tiny and upscale, were we had a perfect dinner with friends.Overall, this hotel is a gem for the price! I would definately stay there again.	
May 28 2005	I'd Do It Again.	We had an enjoyable time at this hotel. We really didn't use it much more than to sleep, but it came through in other areas as well. Checkin, checkout was reasonable. The front desk was available and willing to help. Parking cost about $28/night but it was convenient, safe, and the costs were expected. There's a starbucks right on the corner about 20 feet from the hotel entrance..that was convenient. I felt like we were in a convenient location, but we had rented a car so just about everything was within a few minutes. It felt safe outside the hotel, but we didn't walk too far. There is a Fedex/Kinkos about 5 blocks down the road which I used one night. The room was small, but that was expected. Everything was clean and the cleaning service was on top of things. When I book on priceline some of the hotels treat us like 2nd class citizens, but this hotel did not (at least the person who checked us in did not, but many work at the front desk). I don't see why people complain about the elevator authentication system, it's easy, works great, and it made me feel safe. We had a great time in the city and I believe our stay at this hotel added to that. I would book it again.	
May 9 2005	Good Value	Value for money this was excellent but then we had friends who lived just across the street so it was ideal for us. The room was a corner room, as we were entitled to an upgrade as we use Intercontinental Hotels a great deal. However the room was not that large but did have a desk and free internet access. Rooms were clean and the view from the 19th floor was great. Staff at the front desk were helpful and friendly and also in the shop. No comment on the restaurant as we did not use it. You need to use your key to get access to the lifts which is a good safety feature. It is a good walk to Union Square but you can get the bus very easily. Not far to other sites either. On the whole I would recommend this hotel as good value for money.	
Apr 28 2005 	Great location...Serves the prupose...Wireless Internet	I stay here on business once a month...it is in a great central location, right on the main bus line on Van Ness..easy access to the Cable Car and Fishermans Wharf...if you come to the City from the airport on BART, get off at the Powell Street station and catch a cab by one of the nearby hotels, this is one station past Civic Center, but on a better part of Market street...The food in the main restaurant-bar is very good and well presented,a bit overpriced though...I would suggest going to one of the other 1000's of restaurant in the City...the beds are a bit uncomfortable, but the staff is always very attentive...enjoy !	
Apr 18 2005	You get your money's worth	I stayed for 4 nights in a room on the 21st floor with a wonderful view. The hotel is in a strategic place to visit downtown in all directions: for an example the bus stop to Fisherman's Wharf is very close and for only $ 7.00 you can go there by taxi (really you don't need a car). The bus stop to Civic Center is behind the hotel. The room was cleaned and towels replaced.	
Jan 2 2005	Good location but beware of some street people at night	I enjoyed my visit to San Francisco in November 2004 immensely. The fact that Holiday Inn San Francisco Golden Gateway is so close to the fisherman's wharf and all other major locations, is definitely one of the reasons. It's close to the union square, city centre, the piers, and so many different things. I could travel easily to any major location by local public transportatioin. By buying a citypass, I am able to travel anywhere I want to for seven days. The hotel is secure though, it requires your room key to get up the elevator. Although my family said that they do not get screened at all when they phone me, I do not see it as a minus. I think that it's a small oversight, and I did not receive any weird phone calls. When I left, they waive a small phone charge I accidentally dialed for me, which I thought was definitely a nice gesture. (Some hotels do ask you to pay for a few cents, I know because I have been asked to do that!) On average, I would say that this hotel is great for travelers who want to go around and see different places in the city. It's convenient, and that's what counts for me. I would not suggest walking alone on the streets there at night for girls though. There seems to be quite some number of street people. Just do your traveling during the day, and if you do need to return late, get a companion to walk with you.Also, there are some convenience stores at the back, and a walgreen nearby as well.	
Jan 1 2005	AVG. HOTEL	We just returned from a one night – New Year’s Eve – stay at the Holiday Inn Golden Gateway on Van Ness in San Francisco. I got it on Hotwire for $70 – no luck on Priceline for less.This is a solid 2.5* property. The room was clean and quiet, but the ice maker was broken and the bathroom sink didn’t drain well. These are the little issues that one is more likely to experience at a Holiday Inn. Front desk staff was slow. Elevators had key-card entry, which was a nice safety feature. The area around the hotel is sketchy at best, but that is SF for ‘ya.Self-parking is convenient and a bargain at $29/night compared to the high parking fees at Union Sq. hotels. Ingress and egress is also convenient via Van Ness. I would stay here again, but certainly for no more that $45 on a normal night – it was ok for $70 on New Year’s Eve considering that the hotel appeared to be sold out.	
Dec 3 2004	Absolutely fabulous	Myself, hubby and little girl (1 and a half years) stayed here on a few occasions during the month on September '04. We travelled around California a bit during the month but were delighted to return to this hotel. It felt like coming home. All Staff were very friendly (especially Rose and Trevor at Breakfast) and always spoke to us at both Breakfast and dinner. The food was fab. From the breakfast to the dinner. Rooms were spotless and comfy. Always clean towels.I can't say anything bad about this hotel or staff. Top marks.	
Oct 5 2004	Well placed hotel	We stayed for 3 nights from 18th Sep. We got a room on the 22nd floor which had amazing views. The concierge was helpful and was able to answer all our questions - when we asked where the nearest church was, he was able to give us the mass timings aswell!The hotel is 2mins from the California St cable car and the bus to Fisherman's Wharf stops right outside the hotel.The rooms were always cleaned, towels replaced.They allowed us to check-out late till 2pm which was helpful since we had an evening flight. Luggage was kept in the lobby.I didn't have breakfast here so can't comment on that.The only funny thing is that the lady at reception wasn't keen on adding my &quot;Priority points&quot; because she said I got a discount from the published rate! Anyway I got Holiday INN to add it for me.	
Sep 29 2004	Wow Fantastic!		
Sep 22 2004	Staff incompetence		
Jul 28 2004	Holiday Inn Golden Gateway to HELL		
Jun 11 2004	Good base to explore SF		
May 26 2004	Decent hotel but poor service		
Mar 8 2004	Good hotel value for money		
Jan 21 2004	Avoid This Dump		
Dec 29 2003	Do-it-yourself hotel		
Nov 16 2003	Would return		
Apr 11 2003	Good value for money.		
Nov 1 2009 	Parfait		
Sep 18 2009 	Comodissimo		
Sep 10 2009 	??????????		
Sep 6 2009 	Durchschnittliches Stadthotel		
Sep 2 2009 	Schmudelig		
Jul 28 2009 	Sehr zentral (!!! und Komfortabel		
May 3 2009	Herrliche Aussicht  kleines Zimmer		
Aug 30 2008 	buon compromesso per SFO		
Jul 8 2008	Nicht perfekt aber ok		
Dec 2 2007 	Schöner Aufenthalt		
Oct 29 2007	Ne mérite même pas 1!!!		
Oct 11 2007 	Très honnète hôtel à l'emplacement pratique pour visiter San Francisco		
Aug 7 2007 	gute Lage teure Parkplätze		
