Oct 25 2009 	It can do better	Good location is one of the advantage . Need to change carpet shampoo. Accomodating staff. Not as bad as i expected it to be when I read the other reviews. Hope they invest on new beds coz it makes squeaky sound / hard to sleep.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location to Chinatown for the price	The location of the hotel is right next to the entrance to Chinatown. We were able to park our rental car and walk all around. Tons of shopping from big name stores to less expensive store fronts. You can get really great deal in the chinatonwn stores. Rooms were on the smaller size and the walls were very thin. Service was good for the quality of the hotel. If you want to save some money on hotel rental, Hotel Astoria is a good recommendation.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great location.	If you plan on staying in your hotel while in San Francisco then this may not be the place for you but if you need a safe, clean room right in the heart of the city I would recommend the Astoria. This is a very simple hotel but it was reasonably clean and the staff was courteous, I expected much worse after reading some of the reviews, But it was totally acceptable and would gladly stay there again, Why would anyone visit San Francisco and stay in there room anyway?	
Aug 19 2009	Disgusting place stay away	We have stayed here for the 2 worst nights of our trip. We woke up covered in bedbugs' bites. The hotel maybe cheap but it's not worth it. We arrived and had to wait half an hour to get checked-in the receptionist was on the phone ignoring us completely.STAY AWAY.	
Jul 11 2009 	Once Before But NEVER AGAIN	I don't remember why I liked this place after our first stay, but after our last stay, I will never stay here again. Our main reason for staying here was its location - we love Chinatown. Upon reserving my room, I opted for the room that cost $10 more for the night; this was for the breakfast. There was 2 problems with this: 1) the hotel info sheet in the room stated you could buy a breakfast in the hotel for $4 per person, so reserving the room for the $10 extra lost me $2 and 2) THE 5 DOLLAR BREAKFAST OFFERED JUST STORE-BOUGHT MUFFINS AND LOUSY JUICE AND COFFEE! And, we couldn't even take the food out of the uncomfortable &quot;kitchen&quot; to our room. But wait... we paid for it! The hotel staff was okay - nothing special. The bathroom's shower mat was made of paper. The television got 4 channels. The air conditioner didn't work. The room was too small. Why did I like this place the first time? Anyway - I strongly advise staying away. You can get plenty of other, nicer rooms in the city for the same price.	
Jun 26 2009 	Laughably Bad!	A friend and I made a hastily planned trip to SF last spring. We were expecting to stay at nearby hotel (I can’t remember which) based on a recommendation from a co-worker, but when we arrived they turned out to have no vacancy (and we didn’t have a reservation). We were referred to the Astoria. We walked in the door and asked if they had any rooms, they did and told us the walk-in rate would be about $85 plus tax. The clerk handed us the room key, which was a physical key, not a keycard. We stepped into what was quite possibly the most rickety elevator every built. I’d never been afraid of an elevator before I used this thing. Our room had two tiny single beds. Overall it just felt dirty. The windows were wide open when we walked in (even though it was quite cold outside) and we either couldn’t figure out how to get the heater working or it just didn’t work. It was about 1am and there was a ton of noise from down on the street. The TV looked like something from the early 80s and barely got reception on any of the channels. The bathroom was just creepy.They did give us two “continental breakfast” cards, but we weren’t about to trust any food from the Astoria. We grabbed out bags the next morning and walked down to Union Square where we checked into the Westin. The difference was night and day. For a little less than twice as much money we stayed in a hotel that was infinitely nicer.Avoid this place unless you’re looking for an experience you can laugh at in the future.	
Jun 8 2009 	Good but not great inexpensive place to stay in downtown SF.	I stayed at the Astoria Hotel for one week in May 2009. The hotel has a good downtown location. It is close to Chinatown, about half a mile from Market Street and about 3/4 mile from the Moscone Convention Center. My small room had a sink, but no toilet or shower. The toilet and shower were in a bathroom in a hallway nearby. The bathroom was usually not in use. The hotel , hallway, bathroom and room were clean. The staff was courteous. My room had no view, as it faced a wall. However, the wall blocked street noise, so the room was quiet. The cost was $59.00 per night (plus tax). The hotel is not fancy. However, considering its location, it is a good deal.	
May 12 2009 	Is it worth it?	I stayed at this hotel exactly a year ago for two nights. I was 21, just graduated college. This was the hotel I started off my first ever California trip with, and I gotta say it didn't set the right tone for the rest of the trip. It was a decent price for San Francisco, and the best part about it is that it is literally right next to the Chinatown Gate and steps to Union Sq., walkable distance to Top of the Mark, and very close to a lot of restaurants. It is really in an ideal location....HOWEVER you get what you pay for. I think the cleanest looking part of the hotel is the lobby. I would say the pictures on tripadvisor are pretty accurate, real life rooms are actually that dingy. You get the sense that everything is broken/breaking in the hotel, walls are cracking, beds are old, linens gross (bring your own bedsheets!!)...I also didn't feel 100% safe in the elevator, but the stairs were fine. There was no minifridge. The bathrooms...the toilet paper is located in an odd position so that you have to twist your body while sitting on the can or lift your butt off the seat in order to reach the toilet paper. It was kinda humorous. The continental breakfast was sufficient, bagels, toast, muffins, coffee, orange juice....nothing fancy.We parked our rental car in a parking garage nearby, I believe we got a discount through the hotel.All in all, it was a budget hotel so please do not expect anything more than a bed that you can sleep in. Also, I wouldn't stay in this hotel if you're one of those super light sleepers since it is right next to a very popular area. I'd say it is fine if you're young, broke and really never going to be in the room, but other than that I think there is much better out there.	
Apr 9 2009 	For party weekends only	This place is located right next to Chinatown &quot;entrance gate&quot; and short walk to everything you'll need, including nightlife and public transport. The room had everything we needed, i.e. bathroom, safe, two beds, and windows. However, the room was disgusting: the walls, the windows, the bathroom, the carpet, the fan heater, basically everything really really old and worn, but not dirty. However, value for price is okay, since it was essentially the cheapest place around. I was there with two friends and the only time we spent in the room was for sleeping (after having significant amounts of beer and/or cocktails). If you intend to stay sober and spend some time awake in your room, you should seriously consider some other place. If you have your girlfriend or family with you, definitely stay away. This place is for party weekends only.	
Mar 11 2009 	Cant beat the price for the location!	I went with my best friend to San Fran on spring break and we stayed at Hotel Astoria. We got the regular room with two twin beds and it was perfect! This room cost about $70 a night along with $20 a day parking garage fees. Being that it was next to the China town gate (the fire escape litterally has you looking straight down to it) and walking distance to Union Square and all public transportation, this was a great price! Dont forget to ask about the $20 parking because if you dont you will pay up to $35 a day for parking....the hotel and parking garage have a contract together. There is not very good Wi-Fi in the hotel but there are tons of places nearby that offer it for free like the starbucks across the way and a nearby borders. It wasnt a fancy hotel but offered bare essentials. San Fran is a big city so expect nose whereever you stay.	
Feb 23 2009 	good choice on a budget	we were very pleased.friendly and helpful staff. the hotel itself is all you can get for the money you pay (60 dollar a double). the location is perfect for trips in all directions.the room was a bit noisy, because of the street. put something in your ears and it is fine.breakfast, wlan, and new towels every day were included.good choice on a budget!	
Feb 1 2009	Budget hotel in good location	Spent there 3 nights in June 2008. The Astoria is located at the entrance to Chinatown, just in the middle of everything. The room was small (especially he bathroom) and basic, but clean. Staff was friendly. Considering the extremely low price (compared to other hotels this centrally located) it is very good value for money. No more, no less. If you're looking for basic, affordable accomodation in central SF, it is certainly the right choice.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great value for money	Was pleasantly surprised after reading some reviews. Couldn't have been more convenient for everything including all public transport.Fantastic value for money given its location.Probably more like a good hostel than a hotel - no problems with staff, lift, cleanliness, noise etc. Room was basic with no frills (but it did have tv and phone)Breakfast was toast, jam, bagels, cream cheese, enormous muffins, OJ, coffee and tea and you could have as much as you like - I thought it was fair enough that you couldn't load up with food to take to your room - its only meant to be your breakfast not food for all day - I was pleased to get breakfast at all for the price - in France, Italy etc you're lucky to just get one croissant and a cup of coffee.	
Jan 4 2009 	convenient cheap but...bedbugs!	my partner &amp; i wanted a cheap place to stay during a conference - we refused to pay over $100 for some fancy pants hotel. the Astoria Hotel was decent enough: cheap, convenient location, friendly staff. i'd second what the other reviewers have said, the staff is nice, but not overly friendly or helpful. we were promised an iron. our room didn't have one, but we were able to get one from the front desk. our room was ridiculously tiny, but we didn't care b/c we just wanted somewhere to eat, shower, and sleep.BUT...we found a beetle-ish bug on our bed one night &amp; then (after we left the hotel) i noticed that i had several bites. i didn't know what a bedbug was, so i looked it up when i got home &amp; sure enough, the bug we saw on our linens was a bedbug &amp; the bites i had were bedbug bites. i don't think they're exactly &quot;infested&quot; - we didn't find any other bugs - but i do have several bites. contacted the hotel, but the staff wasn't very responsive (back to that not overly friendly/helpful business).	
Dec 6 2008 	Go but don't expect customer service	My boyfriend and I stayed here for four nights as we were celebrating our annaversary in San Fran. I originaly wanted a much nicer more romantic hotel but my boyfriend convinced me that if we weren't spending 200 a night on hotels we could stay a few extra days and do more. That being said I'd read previous reviews for Hotel Astoria and wasen't expecting much in the way of ambeince, just some where to sleep and take a shower, that was centrally located. Check in was fast but on their website there is an option to requeste a room with a microwave and refridgerator (which I did) and was told at check in that this wasen't possible. When I showed him my printed out comfirmation he said that he could get me the refridgerator but not the microwave. I said that was fine and we left for the day.  Later that evening when we returned, our room did not have a refridgerator. When I went to the front desk to ask what the problem was there was a different guy working and he told me there was no way he could get me one and they hadn't had them for three years! (I wasen't really upset about the lack of refridgerators just the fact that I was promised one and didn't get it, and they didn't try to make up for it or anything. Didn't even apologize) The rooms were clean but very small and there wasen't many chanels on the t.v. but enough for my boyfriend to watch the games he wanted. The bed was pretty uncomfortable and if you are a light sleeper I wouldn't recommend here as we were on the 6th floor and could still hear entire conversations of people on the ground at night and car alarms and police sirens. . . .  In all fairness the hotel wasen't great but if your planning not to be there all day and just looking for a place to sleep with absolutely no ammenties or customer service then sure stay here, the price is right. But if you even want to ask for directions or recommendations for a good resturaunt or have the front desk call a cab for you forget it. My boyfriend is a no-frills Navy guy and even he said he wished we would have spent a little more money and stayed some place nicer.	
Nov 13 2008 	This place is bad!	The location is great, right near Chinatown, and centrally located. BUT, this place is awful. The shower curtains had black mould on them, the tub looked like it hadn't had a decent cleaning in years, and the furniture in the room was pretty dilapitated. I haven't stayed in place as poor as this for a loooong time. But it was the weekend, and everything else that we could afford was full. Breakfast is included, muffins, juice, coffee, etc. but all in a small room with a long table that everyone shares. This whole place really took me back to visits I had made to China many years ago.	
Oct 27 2008 	Very Basic But Clean Hotel - Great Location	My husband and I stayed at the Astoria Hotel this past weekend because we're tightening our belts with the credit crunch and we didn't want to spend $000's a night on accommodation.In a nutshell, the Astoria is basic, but its also clean and the location is GREAT – about a 5 minute stroll from Montgomery BART station (ideal if you’re flying in to SFO for the w’end – a return fare is only $11), its right on the edge of Chinatown, Fishermans Wharf (where you get the Alcatraz Ferry &amp; can hire bikes to cycle to the Golden Gate bridge) is just a 25 minute leisurely stroll away through Chinatown and Little Italy, and Union Square (shopping central) is about 3 blocks.Our room was a decent size, but it was shabby – the décor was tired and a bit grubby, and the furniture was old fashioned. Having said that, the sheets were nice and clean and the towels smelt lovely – all still a nice bright white so they’ve obviously been looked after and cleaned properly. I only have 1 real gripe to do with hygiene and that’s basically because the hotel didn’t use fitted bottom sheets on the bed, and so my skin came into contact with the mattress where I’d tossed and turned in the night. Therefore, although the sheets were lovely and fresh, the mattress was not up to exactly the same standard simply because by very nature it can’t be washed every time someone sleeps on it… (However, it did have a mattress protector on it, it didn’t smell bad or anything, but i want to paint a true picture)On a positive note, the breakfast that was included with our room was great and set us up until lunch time. It comprised good quality bagels and muffins, with jam or cream cheese plus orange juice and coffee. Watch out for the ‘breakfast police’ though. I’d happily polished off a tasty cheese bagel and decided to head back to the room with a muffin so I could finish getting ready whilst watching the news. The staff lady overseeing breakfast ordered me not to take the muffin away and told me I had to eat it in the breakfast room. She wouldn’t explain why and just looked really cross. Obviously I just sneaked the damn thing out in my bag anyway, (what is the big deal?) but be careful not to get caught else you’ll suffer the wrath!There was a safe in our room which is great peace of mind if you have lots of cash or valuables, and the maid left us fresh towels, shampoo and soap everyday when we had the ‘do not disturb’ sign on our door. There was also plenty of hot water. Mind you, you might want to take a hairdryer (I did) if you normally require one, and maybe some ear plugs - on the weekday that we stayed it was very noisy outside from around 8am caused by nearby building work. Although the weekend was fine and it was easy to sleep without them. I would probably stay at the Astoria Hotel again because it is cheap, its clean and the location was fab. My only gripe like I said, was the issue with the mattress – but no reports of bed bugs from anyone else, so am hoping I’ll be ok!!	
Oct 1 2008 	Fantastic location and very clean	We stayed at Astoria from the 9th September for four nights. The location of the hotel is excellent, right by chinatown, the shops and not too far from the waterfront.The hotel is basic, don't expect luxury, but it exceeded my expectations. The double room was average size with a new bathroom attached. The room was very clean and we had housekeeping and fresh towels every day.The breakfast is simple, but sufficient with toast, bagels, muffins, juice and coffee. The breakfast room can get busy, but we always had somewhere to sit.The reception staff were helpful and always answered our queries as best they could.They don't have their own parking, b ut they do a good deal with a nearby car park, where you can park for 24 hours for $22. I would stay here again if I visit San Francisco as it was well worth the money.	
Sep 15 2008 	Fantastic Downtown hotel at great prices	Stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend a few weeks ago, at the start of a 3 week trip around California. I would have to say that the hotel is a fantastic place to stay for anyone on a budget - it is 2 blocks from Union Square (approx 3 mins walk), has a decent breakfast (Bagels, cheese, muffins etc.) and really friendly staff. Don't go expecting luxury, but clean, relatively spacious with good storage and a great shower! Would recommend this place to anyone and would definitely go back again!	
Sep 12 2008 	Our trip to HELL	The hotel Is in a great location. That is about it. I wouldn't let my worst enemy's stay there. While in the room, It felt as if I was in a sweat shop housing area. It was dirty and gross.I sleep with a CPAP machine. well One of the nights I was awoken in the middle of the night Choking and gasping for air.the power had gone out. well that one incident wasn't the only on. it was on and off for the rest of the night and the morning. When I asked about the power and told them about how I sleep, No apology, No reassurance that the power wasn't going to go out again, Nothing. I called the day before we would arrive and asked about parking and the front of the hotel and the guy I talked to assured me the hotel had a pull in where we could pull the car into so we would be off the street. well we pulled up to the hotel and that wasn't true. NO PULL IN we had to park in the street and unload the car, after we checked in we had to drive three blocks away to a parking garage to park. I didn't mind that, But what I didn't understand was why drive three blocks when there is a parking Garage right across the street. Guess its true you get what you pay for.plus a few more problems ,It was a weekend that my wife and I will look back on in thirty year an say what were we thinking about staying at that hotel. It was an adventure for the both of use. One thing is for sure We Will NEVER stay in this hotel again.	
Sep 9 2008 	more for your money	We arrived at hotel Astoria two hours before check in time and were allowed to check in early. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful the entire four days we were there. It was easy to find from the Bart station, right at the entrance to Chinatown and Starbucks right across the street. We had a corner room with a nice view and it was quiet. The beds were comfortable and the shower was good. It's a great place to stay if you want value and convenience, especially since we were just there for a bed and hot shower. When we left on the last day, the front desk kept our luggage until we returned for it to leave for the airport. Overall this is a great experience if you don't expect amenities.	
Aug 28 2008	Loved the Astoria!	My elderly mother and I stayed at the Astoria for two weeks in July. I guess we're not fussy, but we really enjoyed our stay there. The hotel couldn't have been more central - right by the Chinatown Gate and a few blocks from Union Square. Easy to walk to the Financial district, Chinatown, North Beach and Market Street, with plenty of public transport nearby if you needed it. The lift was just an ordinary lift - only three people allowed in at a time, but it wasn't a problem really. We watched two obese women complain about the length of time it took to come, then get out one floor up! Same with the breakfast - unless you're expecting a full English, I thought bagels, white or wholemeal bread with butter, jam and cream cheese with tea, coffee and (nice) fresh OJ was fine! And if you wanted to bring in your own spreads, avocado etc to put on your toast (as I did) that was okay. You weren't allowed to take them into your room, but big deal! (Again, unless you're lazy, spoiled... same obese women came in one minute from closing time, then kicked up a stink when they couldn't take a bunch of stuff to their room.)The staff weren't over effusive, but I found that quite refreshing in America! If you needed help they'd give it. Re towels, my mum and I seemed to get a change of towel every day. Also there was a phone and cable TV in the room which we had no problem using. We stayed in an outside room which looked right out onto the street, which wasn't a problem, as neither of us are affected by noises from the street, and preferred to have a view of something. However, there are internal rooms with no view, that I'd imagine would be quieter. All in all we couldn't have got such a good deal anywhere else in San Francisco, unless we stayed in a dorm in a hostel, which, having done so on many occasions, I can assure you, is not half as luxurious as the Astoria!	
Aug 20 2008 	Horrible stay in Astoria	The Astoria is the the absolute pits as far as hotels go. I have stayed all over the country, in a variety of hotels and hostels, and there is no way I would recommend this place.Besides being extremely old and run down, the rooms have no clocks, no telephones, and the windows rattle all night. When I asked if I could have a clock, I was told: &quot;wake up call.&quot; When I explained that I wanted to see what time it was, he responded &quot;wake up call!&quot;The so-called &quot;continental breakfast&quot; is horrible, and the &quot;attendant&quot; blocked the door when I tried to take a cup of coffee and a muffin to my room. &quot;No food in room!&quot; he yelled.I am not a picky traveler, but this hotel was beyond my limits. The staff acted like they were doing me a big favor by letting me stay there. Do yourself a favor and avoid the Astoria!	
Jul 24 2008 	Bitter-sweet to a tee.	My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel during our trip to San Francisco. First of all, we had some trouble finding it due to all the one way streets. We passed it a few times before we even realized where it was. It's not very noticable from the street, either. The woman that checked us in sounded like she had much better things to do than deal with us, so she kept her information and directions very brief. When she wasn't helping guests, she was on her cell phone, talking VERY loudly. When a guest would come up to ask her a question, she would remain on the phone and point her finger in some random direction. Not very helpful, as you can imagine...The elevator is SCARY. It smells like mold and shook a few times before it would finally stop. It also only has a maximum weight of 3 persons. Our room was nothing like the pictures on the website, either. It was so small, we could barely get around without running into eachother, stepping on something, running into a piece of furniture, etc. The bed squeaked ALOT. Although there was free Wi-Fi, it doesn't work if your too far away from the 2nd floor. Breakfast is a little... skimpy. But still sufficient. Now for the GOOD news: The location was AWESOME. It's literally right next door to the gates of Chinatown, 4 blocks from Market St., and generally in the middle of the ritzy district. There was one man who worked there who was EXTREMELY helpful. He answered all of our questions and was very polite.	
Jul 20 2008 	Good location - otherwise horrible	I got the hotel because it was in a good location and the reviews looked plausibly ok, however I was very dissapointed. It was in a good location, right next to Chinatown, but it should not be called a hotel, but a cheap motel or a hovel. The room may have been cleaned before we got there, but it was so old that you couldn't tell for sure. Furniture, carpet, bathroom all in horrible condition. Even though it was cheap ~$75/night, it really wasn't worth it.	
Jul 3 2008 	A short enjoyable stay	Stayed at this hotel with my girlfriend for two nights. The hotel is very basic, but we were in San Francisco to see the city, not the hotel.The room was small but clean overlooking the street and we had a great view. The elevator scared me a little, but it seemed to work for most people who aren't as claustrophobic as I am. As I didn't like the elevator I walked to the seventh floor everytime we walked in or out. At least we got our daily work out! ;)The staff was curteous and checked us in without a problem.The breakfast consisted of bagels and cream cheese basically. Coffee was available as well. A budget hotel I'd definitely recommend for someone on a budget who wants to have everything within walking distance.	
Jul 2 2008 	RUN anywhere else!	I may not have enough english words to describe how AWFUL this place was. First thing it SMELLS like you don't want to know what. The room was CRAPPY, walls dirty, uncomfy mattress, paper linens, destroyed furniture... Just to say that. Plus, no towels change! I walked to the front desk, asking for new ones. The guy there asked me : &quot;Are they REALLY dirty?&quot;. We paid about 85$/ night. You can book a *** or more for 100$ through hotwire or discount websites. Just never stay there!	
Jun 22 2008 	Basic but great values	I have stayed here twice now, July 2006 and June 2008, and it was much the same each time. On the plus side, the location is great and central, the rates are surprisingly low in what is normally an expensive town, and breakfast is included in most quoted rates. It's not luxurious, and the staff are polite without being overly warm. On the down side, it can be a bit noisy at night (because of the location), the fittings etc are clean but rather threadbare, and the breakfast is minimalist.So, if you're looking for value and a great central location, this place is for you. You can spend your money seeing the sights or enjoying SF's many restaurants etc, rather than handing it over to a pricier hotel. If you want an indulgent experience where the hotel itself rather than the city &amp; surrounds is the focus, then look elsewhere.	
Jun 4 2008 	poor	Booked this hotel mainly because of the price and location. Stayed here for 3 nights in late may.The hotel is right next to China Town and thus easy to get to, there are afew local stores close-hand too so you can pretty much get anything you need toBut the hotel is very old inside; the room was tiny and did smell fusty. It was clean though. The staff on the reception didn’t really want to chat at all, but did help if you needed it.The hotel is cheap compared to most in the area but i would advise you to look at somewhere else unless you are on a very limited budget.	
Jun 2 2008 	Great little place!	I LOVED this hotel. It was small and old with tons of character. If you're looking for four-star and fancy-shcmancy, this is NOT the place for you. But it you want to enjoy San Francisco in an old place with lots of character and a great, friendly staff, this IS the place for you! Not only was it incredibly cheap for the location (our room overlooked Chinatown at Grant Ave), we got there before our check-in time and our room was ready. They also held our bags for us after check-out so we didn't have to carry them around all day. The down side is that it's a bit noisy at night, but this is to be expected in the middle of a big city! The room was also pretty small and basic. But if you're there for the city and not the room, this place is just perfect. I absolutely recommend it and will definitely go there again.	
May 11 2008	You get what you pay for. Great place	I did my research and read all the reviews on this place including the one below and bit the bullet and booked it (it seemed everything else available was 4x the price). The location is great. It took a lazy 25 min to walk to pier 33 for alcatraz, 20 min to coit tower and really is central for anything. Yes the decor isnt great but who cares!. I stayed in a room with queen bed, bathroom. Yes there was a paper bath mat. So what? And yes the tv was a bit dodgy. That is until i re programmed it with the remote and got another 30 channels :) Breakfast consists of bagels, muffins, orange juice and coffee. A little tip to avoid the queue at the toasters. Breakfast starts at 8 am until 9.30 am. I went down each time at 10 to 8 and there is no one. All in all its awesome value for location and the rooms are fine! Its not 5star but i knew that going in. It exceeded my expectations. Also if you are doing the alcatraz tour, do the early bird first tour of the day at 9am. After you get off the boat at Alcatraz and listen to the ranger, skip the movie and go straight up to the audio tour. Being a keen photographer, most of my photos have no one in them!. Its like i had the place to myself for about 30 min. (Then the crowds turn up ) It was great to walk around the cells with only a handful of people. When i left 2 hours later, the place was teeming with people.	
Mar 5 2008 	I would rather stay at a roach motel	If you consider Satellite TV to be an antenna on the hotel roof, a hair drier to be a towel and internet access to mean being able to occasionally reach somewhere else's wifi and logging in once every 4 days, then this hotel did NOT lie on their Orbitz hotel listing.But if you actually take a listing at its word, then you will start being exceptionally disappointed. Your sadness will grow as you discover this hotel's elevator is completely destroyed (with the door off and gears jammed with a mere rope of yellow caution tape keeping out any children brave enough to explore). Or when you realize your room only has one tiny mirror in the bathroom and no others in the room. Or when you notice the lack of an alarm clock. Perhaps the vacancy of a hotel ice machine will be the last straw for you, or maybe it will be the paper thin walls, or the staff's refusal to let you use their microwave.Whatever you're looking for in a hotel, this place does NOT have it, that can be certain.This panning review does not come from someone accustomed to 5 star hotels with saunas and free concierge, but from someone who could quickly point out 5 roach motels that are better than this nightmare.Yes, the location is good, no, nothing else here is. Save your money and sleep somewhere else.	
Mar 3 2008 	Nice place low rates friendly staff	I with my friends stayed here at Jan 2008 for one week.Rooms are pretty clean, staff at lobby is VERY friendly and helpfull. And you can't beat the rates for sure :) 59 dollars for the room with shower is a fantastic rate for place in the very middle of SF Downtown.Take room 206 to settle upright the China Town Gate :)	
Jan 2 2008 	Can't beat the room rates!	We stayed in this hotel for 5 days last summer, and all in all, it was an enjoyable experience.The hotel is located at the gate to Chinatown and close to the financial district. Staff at the reception is very friendly and helpful. At first, we didn't get the room (2 single beds) we had booked, but it got changed straight away when we complained. In the first room a strange monotonous noise could be heard, but the second room was absolutely fine. In the room, we had a telephone and a small TV. It was clean, just like the bathroom, even if you can't really call them modern. In the whole hotel there's a slight smell of ... well, I don't really know what, but it's not disturbing. Breakfast contains mainly of toasted bread, bagels and big muffins and is good if you're not too picky. The room it is served in is not too accommodating, however, but it's still ok.What's really unbeatable about this hotel are the room rates. I doubt that you get a hotel cheaper than the Astoria in San Francisco, and considering that, it's more than recommendable if you don't want to spend to much money and still feel comfortable.	
Dec 20 2007 	Quirky but good value	My husband and I were in San Francisco at the beginning and end of a 7 week trip to US and Canada. We booked the Astoria from Australia via the hotel website. As it was only 1 star and we had read previous reviews on Tripadvisor we weren't expecting the Hilton. We found it a fun place to stay with a great location. It is cheap, clean and in the centre of the city -hard to beat. The breakfast is very basic but the hotel so cheap that breakfast in one of the nearby diners won't break the bank. We booked to stay on our way home on the basis of the first stay.On the downside the towels seem to repel water rather than absorb it and there is no TV or tea/coffeee making facilities in the room. On the good side who needs TV when the whole of San Francisco is on your doorstep and the desk staff could not have been more helpful. Nancy on the front desk went out of her way to find information for us, recommended restaurants etc.If you want all the creature comforts then this is not for you -don't stay at any 1 star hotel but for cheap, clean accomodation in agood location this one is hard to beat.	
Dec 4 2007 	Staff is rude irritable anti-helpful misleading... Stay elsewhere	Hotel is old and well-used, but tolerably clean. Small rooms, large closets, absolutely no amenities.SLEPT ON FLOOR!!Staff = rude, irritable, anti-helpful, misleading...Three-night trip was for business, as such my colleagues and I knew we would be spending almost zero time in the hotel room. Our goal was to find an affordable hotel, just comfortable enough for sleeping and storing our clothes. Even with such minimalist expectations, we were horribly disappointed with the Astoria.With 3 of us travelling together, we asked repeatedly when booking and when the first person checked-in if the room would suffice for three people (booking was for two beds + rollaway). As the last to arrive, I sadly discovered that the hotel does not even own a rollaway and the room wound up being too small for a rollaway to even fit. The desk manager was excessively rude. He insisted that one of his staff had &quot;lied&quot; to us (his words), wanted us to figure out which of his staff that was, and said he couldn't/wouldn't do anything to fix the problem beyond giving us a spare blanket so one of us could SLEEP ON THE CLOSET FLOOR. Our subsequent requests for a solution (any solution) degraded into the manager becoming insulting. At one point, my colleague phoned downstairs to ask the manager again for help. Manager called her &quot;boring&quot; and hung up on her.Regardless of how many pennies you save, this hotel just ain't worth it. There are other &quot;conveniently located&quot; hotels for a similar price and better courtesy.	
Nov 28 2007	Yucky Hotel in Fabulous Location	My sister, mom and I stayed at this hotel in October '07 for the Nike Women's San Francisco Marathon. This hotel is perfectly located if you are looking for Chinatown right around the corner and shopping at your doorstep! Banana Republic, Paul Frank, numerous shops are literally out your door and not more than 2 blocks (you can see the street lined with stores from the hotel windows). It even has a Starbucks right across the street!!! The location is really superb and not more than 10 minute stroll to Union Square. It is further to get to Fishermen's Wharf or Pier 39 though - you'd have to take the bus/taxi.The only bad thing to this hotel is its upkeep. While we had fresh linens everyday, this hotel is in dire need of a renovation. The elevator has a maxmium of 3 people (sounds like its run by hamsters behind the wall)...the room was stale and dingy; the windows don't even have screens on them. The bathroom was the worst - the bath mat is made of paper. Yuck! I would rate this high for location (as Union Square and Chinatown were our focal points), but the lowest if you are looking for amenities.	
Nov 8 2007	Excellent location decent hotel	The location is the best feature of the hotel. Its at the Chinatown gates and walking distance to many restaurants, shops, and tourist attractions. It feels very safe walking there at night, and the hotel is walking distance to public transportation. The hotel itself is old and a little run down. The furniture is a little dated, but everything seemed clean. The bed was comfortable and there was plenty of heat and hot water. The breakfast was the standard continental breakfast and was restocked constantly so nothing ever ran out. The staff was very nice and helpful with giving directions, offering advice on good restaurants, etc. I would definitely stay here again. You just can't beat this location and deal.	
Nov 6 2007 	Very good	Excellent price. Big room. Perfectly cleaned. Good breakfast. Central position. But very old furniture.	
Nov 6 2007 	I recommed it	Safe, clean, friendly staff. And the location! Unless you expect luxury, you'll be happy with the hotel. No iron or hair dryer in the room, but you can get one from the reception. The old building has character, which will be appreciated by people who are tired with chain hotels. I had a great wiev on the city from my room on the 5th floor (I don't know if this is true for all rooms on this floor). It can be a bit loud (traffic) in the morning and evening (not so much at night), so take ear plugs if you are sensitive to noise. I booked it through the hotel website, they claim it's the cheapest way. Overall very good hotel experience.	
Nov 2 2007 	Great budget minded hotel in a safe neighborhood	After researching the various web sites I found the best price for this hotel on their own web site, ---. $47 week night and $50 saturday night for a room with a community bath. I never saw anyone else use the community bath. The price was very good, maybe $7 a night more than other hotels in areas considered unsafe (tenderloin) so this was a real bargain. The hotel itself was right at the chinatown gate so in a very safe area even at night. never felt threatened walking the late hours of the night. Towels were okay, seemed kind of new. Temperature was never a problem, actually the place was a little nippy (50's) so I had to turn on the heater. I was away from the street so didn't hear that much traffic, except for the once and a while loud mufflers. staff were courteous, younger (not elderly). seems that the hotel catered to chinese people as there were many chinese guests. my room had 2 beds so I used the other to put my suitcases on (I was a single but they didn't have a king bed available). no noises from the bed springs and upon checking no roaches or bedbugs (I always check just in case). As others have said, elevators were old and could only fit 3 people and was a little jerky. stair cases on one side were very slim so hard to go down and up. the other staircase was fine. just remember that you get what you paid for, a budget hotel in a safe area and you won't go wrong. as others have said, you can pay a little/lot more for a better hotel but if you are on a budget then this fits the bill.	
Oct 22 2007 	Great value and location	Hotel is a tourist class basic accomodation on the doorstep of Chinatown. Nothing fancy but bed was comfortable and breakfast was bagels or muffins with good coffee. Smallish rooms but online price was $69 for a Friday nite so well worth it. Would stay again in a heartbeat.	
Oct 19 2007 	Clean hotel with decent rates and great location	I stayed here for six nights in September and agree with the previous postings. Not the best hotel but it was clean, the location is great and the rates very good. Also included breakfast.I paid about US$67 per night and booked on their website.I would certainly stay here again if I was on a budget and needed somewhere central to stay.andrew	
Oct 16 2007 	Does the job	I agree with the previous reviews on this place. . . . its nothing special, but hey its about $70 a night!To me, it was a place to stay for opne night that was clean and the location right at the entrance to chinatown is great. Slap bang in the middle of the action, and only a couple of blocks from Union Square. You also get pastries, muffins &amp; coffee in the breakfast room which is included in the price.My Girlfriend wasn't too happy with it but she's a clean freak with high standards! Some of the people working on the front desk weren't too helpful ether, but we were only there for a night so it wasn't really an issue.All in all, great location, good value for money. .. . but for me its only a place I would stay for one or two nights for a bed and a shower.Sure if you don't mind where you stay you could stay for longer if you on on a real budget, it would suffice.	
Oct 8 2007 	Clean Budget Hotel	We stayed there one night. It's no palace but it's clean and cheap and it's in a great location near everything and literally down the block from the Chinatown gateway. Perfect if you're stopping over for 1 night or in town and really just need a place to rest your head and take a shower. As long as you manage your expectations for what you are going to get at this price this place is a great bargain.	
Oct 2 2007 	Safe and clean in an ideal location	This hotel has the feel of a college dorm rather than a hotel, but the rooms were cheap and clean, felt reasonably safe, and the location is perfect. It is close to everything. We had a room facing the street and there was a lot of city noise, so bring ear plugs if you're sensitive to that. I would definitely recommend this hotel if all you're planning to do is sleep and shower there. That was all we used it for and it was absolutely ideal.	
Sep 25 2007	Great location and good for the money	My wife and I and some friends from England, were just staying here a few nights. We were looking for something inexpensive, close to China Town, but within the hussle and bussle of the city. We all thought the staff were very friendly and accommodating to our needs. The rooms were very clean and being from the hotel/resort industry, housekeeping is a major concern to me. It was excellent. The decor and furniture was old, but clean. &quot; Don't confuse the two of them&quot;.The beds were very very noisy, everytime you turned over the whole bed squeeked, we ended up just laughing so much it became amusing. I aksed the front desk if we could move on the second night and he did everything he could, unfortunately they were booked, &quot;but he tried&quot;.As we walked the streets at night in search of restaurants and bars we felt very safe and not intimidated by any means.The restaurants seemed to close early for food, which we found to be a problem and not many bars to enjoy a drink late at night. There were a few wine bars and they were expensive, I just needed a bar. There is a local Irish bar just around the corner from the hotel with a great atmosphere, check it out..I would have no problems staying there again if I ever returned to SFTip: Make sure you do Alcatraz, I did not have any interest of doing the trip before I left home, but once persuaded and got to the island, i was amazed. Get the audio tour that you complete by yourself,, trust me you will enjoy every second being there.G	
Sep 13 2007	Great Budget Hotel	The Hotel Astoria is located right next to the gateway to Chinatown. The location is fantastic, right in the middle of everything, and believe me, I didn't realize how important location is until we started walking everywhere. The only bad thing I have to say about our experience was that I thought the room smelled like pee. My boyfriend compared it to an old folks' home. I noticed it was stronger after the maids had come, so maybe it was just one of their cleaning products. Everything seemed really clean though, it was quiet enough (with the window closed--it is smack in the middle of downtown, so with the windows open it could get loud!) They have a great free breakfast. Not fancy but good enough to get you going in the morning. The front desk staff was helpful and there 24/7. They arranged an airport shuttle for us with no problems. I liked the building a lot, I think it has a lot of character. Our room was a little funky and old, but we weren't expecting anything fancy. I loved the huge walk-in closet! I would highly recommend this hotel for the budget traveler.	
Aug 30 2007 	A budget hotel true to it's name	Before staying at Hotel Astoria, decide what your needs are--if you're looking for luxury and excellent service, this is not the place for you. If you're looking for an extremely cheap, clean place to sleep and keep your stuff while sightseeing, it's a good choice.Pros: Room was very clean, housekeeping did an immaculate job in the bathroom each day, we paid about $69/night plus tax(book directly on the hotel's website), location was excellent (next to Chinatown, across from a parking garage, near plenty of cafes and shops, easy walk to the Montgomery BART/muni), large window with a spectacular view in room 703, quiet hotel.Cons: Rooms are old, with a smell that takes a little getting used to (akin to my great-grandmother's house when she became less mobile and had a large dog...we kept the window open and it was fine), hotel staff is generally not service-oriented and can be rude, the continental breakfast is worth skipping (get some buns and tea in Chinatown instead).	
Aug 25 2007 	brill location basic but clean room	the astoria has a fantastic location, right next to the gate to China town and only a 5 to 10 minute walk to union square, and the location cannot be beaten for the price. the rooms are basic, and a bit dated, but clean, good shower, TV, etc. breakfast in a communal kitchen room with HUGE muffins, and unlimited toast, OJ, coffee, tea and muffins that will definitely fill you up for the day. if you are looking for a cheap stay in the centre of san fran and you arent looking for luxury then stay here!	
Aug 7 2007 	Fantastic location great hotel	My advise to anyone on a limited budget - or anyone who would rather spend their cash on sightseeing and eating out in this wonderful city should definetly consider staying at Hotel Astoria.The check in was fast and easy, the counter staff were helpful and polite. We checked into our room which although basic and the decor a little tired, was clean and quiet with a great powerful shower and a safe.The breakfast was included in the exceptionally resonable room rates and was more than enough to keep you going until lunch. There are HUGE muffins and bagels - lots of different flavours, bread to make yourself toast and fresh orange juice, coffee and tea. I really dont know why anyone complains about it! We thought it was great.The best thing about this hotel is the location - for the price it is brilliant. Right near the shops, union sqaure, chinatown. Everywhere downtown is easily within walking distance. Its also on the main road and felt completely safe - always people around. There is also a very handy corner store accross the road if you need any fruit/water/beer etc.Stay at the Astoria - its great!To all the people who are worried by the complaints on this hotel - if you are sensible (like we were!) you take in consideration the price you pay for the type of hotel you get. You wouldn't expect to pay for a McDonalds and get a 5 star silver service meal would you?! Clare &amp; Mike - Manchester, England UK	
Aug 5 2007 	Needs complete remodelling	We stayed here for 10 nights and never again. First night we were on 4th floor, carpets and chair are full of stains, furniture looks like it was picked from a trash and the worst part was mattress. It was old and squeaky, I could feel the springs poking me and next morning I couldn't feel my back. Lady at reception was nice and gave us 3 other rooms to check, every one of them different, so we chose one on 6th floor which had decent mattress. Furniture was in same condition, filthy carpets, funky smell, but much better then previous one. Remote control is tied to the night table, which is totally weird. Maids don't speak English at all, they were only changing sheets if we asked them and they needed assistance from reception with translation. Bed cover is so old it looks filthy, bathrooms were clean and yes, you do get breakfast. You need voucher from front desk and you can not take breakfast to your room. There's a kitchen lady watching you like a hawk and I was there when gentleman came and asked her if he could take it to his room since he doesn't feel well and she made him eat his breakfast in the kitchen. You get same selection of bagels, muffins, cream cheese, butter, jam, orange juice, milk and coffee every morning, so I took advantage of it only couple times. Location is good if you like seeing fellow tourist snapping pictures of Chinatown gate non stop. I didn't mind the outside noise, Starbucks is right across the street with the same 2 homeless guys sitting in front, so you can not sit outside and drink your coffee. Please check &quot;Jasmine's place&quot; which is up the Bush street on left side. They have excellent coffee and great breakfast for 2.79$ (2 eggs, toast and coffee). There's bunch of little, quaint hotels up the street and I wish they had availability. Luckily for us, we were outside most of the time, so we only spent time in room to sleep. Hotel is cheap and if you stay here for night or two, I guess it's ok, but for longer stay, look elsewhere. We had to buy air freshener to get rid of the smell. Elevator is terrible, slow, only 3 people at the time and housekeeping is using it as well. You will get one key to the room and it's the actual key. This hotel has great potential and with remodeling and it's location it would be so much better. Considering that it's pretty much in the middle of everything it's such a shame that's in a rang of Motel 6, if not worse.	
Jun 17 2007 	OK hotel Great Location	This is a 2 star hotel (maybe??) with an excellent location. The rooms are on the shabby side - old paint, outdated upholstery, chipped furniture. But the location cannot be beat - steps from the entrance to Chinatown and a short walk to Union Square. And while the room was on the shabby side, it was clean!!!You can't beat the price, especially for the location.	
May 29 2007 	Great Deal For The Price	we only paid $206 bucks for 3 nites w/ all taxes on spring break week. This hotel has a great location, nice area. we walked to chinatown(entrance is next door to the hotel), north beach, little italy, and took a bus to fisherman's wharf/alcatraz area. it's very easy to get around in san francisco. From the airport we took the BART (~50 min to get there)and got off like 5 blocks from the hotel and costs only 5 bucks per person. The breakfast was simple but we were glad it was included. I don't think i could have found a better hotel for this price in san francisco w/ a great location. use the hotel's website to book.	
May 28 2007 	Good choice !!!	I stayed recently at the Astoria for 8 nights, so maybe it´s a good reference in terms of experience.First, the location: very good! It is near of some touristic points and from several bus lines. At the corner of Bush and Grant (easy to find after coming from the airport by BART (wich is the cheapiest way to get out of the airport and reach the center of the city, in case, Powel Station).Second, the rooms: clean. Towels were changed every day, bed clothes ok. The furniture were old, but no problem. Mattress was very comfortable. The shower, you can choose water so hot, cold or so-so as you want. There was a safe, but I did´t used it. TV was old too, and few channels had good image, but I wasn´t travelling to spend time with TV... There was no closed wardrobe (but it makes easier to not forget clothes). Everything was quiet (my room didn´t face the street).The breakfast had milk, orange juice, coffee, bread, muffins, bagels, cream cheese, jelly, butter, toaster, microwave oven, and you can eat as much as you want.If you want internet connection you must go to the reception room because there was no wi-fi.All the service and people from the hotel was very good - they were very patient with my poor english :-))Finally, I suggest that if you want to stay there - and it´s a very good choice - try to make your reservation using the hotel site. I found a great &quot;sale&quot; through it, which didn´t appear in general-reservation-hotel-sites.	
May 22 2007 	Hotel Astoria - great value for the price	I was lucky enough to visit San Franscisco for a conference May 16 and 17. For two nights a friend and I stayed at the Marriott on 4th just south of Market - noted here to provide some perspective ;). Because we like to save our pennys for things other than expensive hotels, I did my research on this and other web sites, and settled on the Hotel Astoria for the remaining 3 nights. We were assigned a room on the 7th floor, facing away from the streets, so did not have significant amounts of street noise (I live a block off of an interstate freeway...). The breakfast was typical hotel continental breakfast fare - muffins, bagels or bread (from Costco?), coffee (drinkable, not great...) and OJ. Filling enough to get us up and out. Better than the food were the people - we met visitors from other areas of the US, Croatioa, Brazil, Netherlands, Belgium and other places. Positives: The room was relativaly quiet - altho I did hear a group of people walk down the hallway sometime in the middle of one night. The room was clean, the bathroom appeared to have been remodeled recently - new fixtures, shower stall, tile. The property was centrally located - easy access to the Muni, Bart, Cable Cars. We (two women) felt safe walking around the area of San Francisco the hotel was located in (we usually returned to our room around 10 pm each night). Breakfast was filling. We had a small table and chairs in the room, set in the corner, under the window (which opened too far for my liking - if I wwere traveling with small children). Negatives: The elevator is a bit scary... but did work to get us up to our 7th floor room. The view from our window was, well, there was no view... The TV reception was lousy (there seemed to be quite a few channels - I don't have cable - so my perspective may be skewed). There is a deadbolt on the room door - but the room key doesn't lock it... so the room is only secured with the door knob lock when you are out (the deadbolt and a chain can be used from inside the room). We were not after amenities - only a clean room with a private bath and two beds (twin beds). We did not plan to watch TV, so did not care about the bad reception. This is a great hotel to stay in if you plan to be out sightseeing most of your time in San Francisco. If you expect to be pampered, have amenities of any sort - perhaps you'd be happier some place else. I will definatly consider staying at the Hotel Astoria next time I go to San Francisco.	
May 10 2007 	what I was looking for and then some	I’ve been to San Francisco a dozen times as a tourist over a twelve year period (I really love it there), with my wife and on my own, and we/I stayed in twice as many different hotels. Places like the now closed Foley’s, the beautiful Majestic, the only average King George, and the generic and overpriced Sheraton at Fisherman’s Wharf, to name just a few.As a budget minded traveler I am always after the best possible deal, which for me means a clean room with an equally clean private bath, in an accommodation that attracts civilized tourists and regular business travelers. It also has to be in a central and therefore convenient location for me as a foot passenger; in walking distance to shops, theatres and restaurants as well as public transportation.Even with this list of priorities the choice among hotels in San Francisco is almost overwhelming. Therefore I preferably narrow it down further by setting the rate limit to $100, tax included. And let’s pack a (continental) breakfast on top for good measure. Surprisingly enough, you still have a handful of hotels to choose from.Two years back I picked the Cornell Hotel De France, which for $79 plus tax per night even had a warm breakfast in its downstairs restaurant included. But since I wasn’t able to secure such an unbeatable deal this time around (too many good reviews to stay that cheap, I guess), I had to look elsewhere.In cities like New York or London for instance it would never cross my mind to consider hotels rated with just one star. San Francisco on the other hand is different even in this respect. In 1996 I stayed for a whole week in a one star property right in the middle of the infamous Tenderloin district on Ellis Street, and it was more than okay, in- and outside the building. Therefore a single star in the rating alone does not scare me away.I can’t remember exactly how the Hotel Astoria got on my shortlist for 2007, but I know that Trip Advisor played a part. By then (Fall 2006) they had positive as well as some alarming reviews about it, so I still had to make up my mind. What finally convinced me was (a) the perfect location on Bush @ Grant, (b) their reassuringly down-to-earth homepage, and of course (c) the nightly rate of a mere $77 total for what they call their Deluxe Room. And yes, this does include not only a continental breakfast but also the tax.The Hotel Astoria matched my priorities in each point. It is a very basic accommodation, though; you have to keep that in mind. The one star rating is correctly applied. And there are a few minor drawbacks, like only 5 coat hangers (I stayed a week), no phonebook, no A/C, only a handful of TV channels available, none of them received without distortion, and sound-insulation-free windows, which secure the alarm-clock sparing sound of Bush Street from 5 AM on. But it was a great deal nevertheless. My room (# 404) was big enough, with a nice bathroom, a walkable closet and even a writing desk with chair and an additional armchair, and it was clean and well serviced. I slept exceptionally well on the firm mattress. The breakfast was fine with me, really. Far from being a feast, and the breakfast room is a bit depressing, but I had my preferred toasted bagels with cream cheese, coffee and an oj and was happily filled until noon. Also regarding the personnel I can only state that I was treated very welcoming and friendly by everyone I came across. Even more so, when I asked for assistance I experienced a service level that exceeded my expectations by far. Without going into detail, I was positively stunned!Did I enjoy my stay at the Hotel Astoria? Yes! Would I stay there again? You bet! Actually, I am about to make another reservation for next year. You know what favorable reviews do to the rates…	
Mar 17 2007	No better place to crash	The hotel has one of the best location with the best price. It is polarizing though, half will love it, the other will hate it. Here's why:Hate-it camp:The room is nothing but basic accomodation - nothing more than a basic mattress, a small TV, clean bathroom and that's it. it's noisy, being 2 blocks from union square does not help. I stayed at the 7th floor and I can still hear the street noise. If the room is transferred to a motel 6, nobody will notice the difference.Love-it camp:2 blocks from union square and next to Chinatown for $55/night with a queen bed, a decent continental breakfast and a clean room. My days in SF usually starts with me having breakfast btw 7-8 then go wander around the city until 9-10 at night. At the end of the day, all that's needed is a crash pad - this place fits that like a custom-made suit.Also it's very easy to get decent food. Both Eastern and Golden Gate bakeries are within walking distance; great chinese pastries and curry pies; numerous dim sum places, and at least one really good clay pot place (Bow Hon). For you Starbucks fiend, there's one right accross the street.	
Mar 11 2007 	Good value for the budget-minded traveler	Last time I was in San Francisco, I saw the Astoria and thought it looked like a decent-enough hotel. When I was called to the city on sudden business, I checked the Astoria's rates and found them to be astonishingly low for the hotel's location. I also checked Trip Advisor and saw mixed reviews. Based on what I read, I wasn't sure what to expect, but I decided to go ahead and stay at the Astoria -- I needed a cheap place to stay.Maybe it's because I didn't hold high hopes for the Astoria, but my stay there was a pleasant one. The hotel reminds me very much of places I've stayed in London -- small lift, narrow staircases.My room, which had an attached bath (I understand that some rooms do not have an ensuite, another similarity to small London hotels), was rather spartan (there is a television but no clock radio) but very clean. The very large window looked onto a small patio and could be opened widely for lots of fresh air. My room was very quiet too. While I could hear people pass in the hallway now and then, I did not hear guests talking in their rooms or watching television. It was peaceful.The bathroom was immaculate. In fact, I am hard-pressed to remember a cleaner hotel bathroom in my more recent travels. In terms of amenities, you will want to bring your own hair dryer, but the hotel does provide a shower cap, soap, and shampoo -- very basic toiletries on par with what you might find at a Red Roof Inn.The hotel's location is fantastic. The Montgomery BART station is two blocks away. Union Square and shopping heaven are two blocks down and one over. Chinatown is literally right outside the door. For people who want a bit more than the Astoria's continental breakfast, there is a Starbucks right across the street, another one a block down, and several pubs and cafes in between.Overall, my experience at the Astoria was great. It's clean and functional, and while it might not be the ideal setting for a romantic weekend getaway or a luxurious vacation, it's perfect for people who just need a convenient, clean, economical, well-situated place to crash. I will definitely be staying there again.	
Oct 30 2006 	Good rates and location	We were looking for something inexpensive in the city that was safe. We didn't need frills. This was perfect. There is a parking garage directly across the street. The room had a walk in closet and cute bathroom. There was plenty of room. The hotel was nice in a San Fanncisco old-style way. The elevator was scary. It lurched about. We usually took the stairs. The staff is very friendly. We'd stay there again. There wasn't any air conditioning when we stayed there, so if it's very hot, I'd check with staff before booking. We were fine with open windows. The view of the city is also nice.	
Oct 18 2006 	saves money excellent location good for last-minute travellers (like me)	First, consider this: I got really low rates at official website [-], paid $57 a night, with private bath and complimentary breakfast, it's below the cheapest options in the city!!! You may take an even cheaper room if you choose shared bath ($45), but I couldn't see the shared bath myself, so I can't make an opinion about it. I was really happy to find room in SF, most places were already sold out. Now, let's face it: with this low rate, I could not really expect much. But I actually enjoyed it, cos it has such a fabulous location. I got from the airport by Bart and the hotel is only four blocks from Montgomery station. Now the problems: The bathroom was really tiny, I don't think fat people will be able to reach the sink, sorry. The whole building is managed by a Chinese family, who barely speak English (but Keep that in mind and you will be fine). The room was sort of clean, but after we left, we've notice our clothes got some terrible smell... like old wet carpet. The room had a strange smell indeed. But first impression was that room was clean.I got lucky enough to have a room not facing the street, so I didn't get problems with noise as other Tripadvisor customers. On the other hand, a loud maid was screaming in the morning, waking up the entire floor, though this happened only once.The breakfast was self-service with milk, coffee, orange juize, pastries, bagel, muffin and bread (all refrigerated except coffee). You need to get milk and bread warm by yourself using the kitchen stuff available (microowen and toaster). No help by the staff but not a big deal.And someone here at TripAdvisor made complains about the towels. Yes, they are terrible, old and synthetic. And never dries. Oh, and the elevator is old too, it can only carry 3 people per trip, but it works (scary, but works). Anyway, I can say I stayed in places worst than this. I only made some harsh comments so you can know the truth. But If you don't want anything fancy and want to save big bucks, this place fits expectations. The location is really great, they offer a very simple breakfast but you won't find this offer anywhere else and the rates are best. I recommend Astoria for open-minded tourists, young people and travellers... and minded budget people, of course.Just across the conner, there is a Starbucks coffee. There are plenty of options for dining and lunch around and public transport few blocks away. Very hard to find a good restaurant in Chinatown though. A safe area too, unlike places like Renoir Hotel, Travelodge, San Franciscan and other hotels with safety issues (just read the TripAdvisors reviews for any place you intend to go, because there are some dangerous areas in the city, specially close to the Civic Center). If you plan ahead, you may get excellent choices for less than $150. I found none by the time I was staying so I definitely think Astoria was my best option, by far.	
Oct 17 2006 	Good bargain for location if all you need is a place to stay	I did a LOT of research to find the cheapest lodging in San Francisco that I could while still being in a safe, convenient location. We recognized we'd have to give up some amenities, but figured we wouldn't spend much time in our hotel anyway. The Astoria Hotel fit the bill and we were not disappointed.We booked on their website, which got us the cheapest rate I could find on a double room (2 beds) with a private bathroom ($65/nt). The room was clean, had a large closet and a good sized bathroom. There is no AC (not uncommon to boutique hotels in the area) but that was fine for this time of year. Despite what they tell you, they do have parking set up for $22/day (full in/out priveleges) with a garage about 2 blocks away. They also had an iron and ironing board available when we needed it, which surprised me based on what I was prepared for. We did have one problem upon arrival. Our room wasn't clean and the cleaning person told me it couldn't be cleaned until the next day so I should get a different room. The desk person then tried to tell us we could only have a non-smoking room, but I stood my ground and a second person took over, giving us the equivalent non-smoking room (I saw both and think we actually ended up with a larger closet). The whole thing took about 10 minutes and worked out fine, so it wasn't a real issue for us.Overall, if you want an inexpensive base point for your stay and aren't expecting anything beyond a clean, comfortable room, this is the place for you. Oh, union square ,which has all forms of public transportation available is only a couple blocks away, and the cable car passes almost right by the hotel. Many of the cooler neighborhoods are also walking distance, including Chinatown, which has great dim sum.	
Oct 3 2006 	You get what you pay for.	I only pay 79*00 a night. The ppl were ok. I was in room 608. The room was ok for 79*00. Will I go back ? Only If I need too.	
Sep 8 2006 	Good Budget Option- Great Location	First let me say, this is not a hotel for someone looking for luxuryor extras. There is no concierge and the rooms are the true meaning of basic. However if you are looking for a great location and are budget conscious this is a good option for you. The location can't be beat. It's at Bush and Grant, right at the gates of Chinatown. Walking distance to Union Square, Cable Car and Muni Stops, shopping and dining.The staff is very polite and helpful. I had some questions before we checked in and they were very quick to respond by email.The building itself is old and the elevator works but is a bit noisy.The rooms were cleaned daily but very basic. No fancy decor.The furniture was old and the TV was on top of a dresser instead of inside an Armoire. I found the bed to be just fine as far as comfort goes and had no problems sleeping even though we faced the street. However I would recommend ear plugs to those who are light sleepers.The one complaint I would have is the towels. They are a cotton poly blend. If this is an issue for you bring your own, or there is a Ross in Union Square very close that you can buy cheap but 100% cotton towels to use.	
Sep 6 2006 	Cheap but....	The Good: Very good and strategic location. Quite clean and cheap.The Bad: The room is not soundproof... you can hear cars honking or passing by almost all night long. (we stayed on the 6th floor!) And there was a construction going on several buildings away. The noise was unbearable. The room had a very strong bleach smell when we first entered. Noisy and creaking beds. If budget is not a problem, I wouldn't recommend this place. Otherwise, you might want to ask for a room that's not facing the main street.	
Aug 21 2006 	Best for a budget break...	This little, friendly hotel is ideally located right next to the Gateway into Chinatown and within easy walking distance of Union Square and various bus routes to get you around the city. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful and the rooms clean. There are phones in the rooms but no internet, however there is a really nice internet cafe a few blocks down and starbucks opposite for those with laptops! The hotel also offers a shuttle to the airport which will pick up at any time. This hotel is really good value for money (only a little more expensive for 2 people than a hostel) and def better value than many of the other hostels which try and charge you 4 times as much for very few extras. When I return to San Francisco I would def stay here. P.S. The lift is a little dodgy- think of the film Thoroughly Modern Millie and you'll know what I mean!	
Aug 19 2006 	Great lockation Horrible Beds	The Hotel is centrally located at the entrance of china town (great location), walk to union square in 5 minutes. The views of the hotel are very nice if you get a nice room facing the Bush street. Well but that is as good as it gets, to hotel is Very Very old, ok you say its fine that’s what I thought, but the problem is that the hotel looks like it has never been remodeled. The elevator only holds 3 people max and its very scary, well when we got to our room it seemed nice for the price $79 summer time 4 people, not bad, the room was a little small and a very old bath room the shower dint drain so all the water got accumulated there very unsanitary, the towels the hotel offered were so old that they dint dry you and they only offered 3 per room. But that’s not a mayor problem, the big big big problem came when we went to sleep and the bed was older than the hotel itself, the matrices made so many noises you can’t actually move because it would wake up the other people in the room, very very frustrating (after a long flight and very tired we just wanted to sleep), the next day we ask for a room with newer beds they dint have any, they claimed that we were in their best room. Well we went and looked for another hotel and we found a good one for $100, when we went back the guy wanted to charge us another night because it was 30 minutes after checkout time, after 1 hour fighting with him he told us he would only charge 50 for the second night, being so tired we needed to sleep so we tock it, paid (got ripped off) and left to the other hotel, oh by the way very rude people at the front desk, he claimed the manager was on vacation. P.S. Look in the yellow pages because they offer more hotels than some sites on the internet, a lot of good cheap hotels do not list themselves on those sites	
Jul 15 2006	Fantastically located bargain hotel!	We spent three nights in the Astoria as part of a 14 night trip around California staying in everything from motels to quality hotels.The Astoria did everything it said on the tin! The location is superb, a short walk from Union Square, even closer to Chinatown, and within easy reach of all cable car lines and other transport links. The property itself is quite old, and could do with a makeover ideally, but it is kept very clean and tidy, and is perfectly comfortable. The &quot;continental&quot; breakfast was simple but considerably better than many we experienced! The service from the front desk was excellent - arranging for a shuttle to the airport, advising us where to find an internet cafe and the post office etc with no bother at all.And where else could you find a suite in such a location for $80 a night?!	
Jun 28 2006	Responsiveness and Hospitality	If you bargain for convenience, comfort and competitive rate, Hotel Astoria can not be second best. It simply the best bargain. I like, in particular, its website ------------- and the on-line reservation service. Before making reservation, I e-mailed a couple of times about the cancellation policy, parking and even shuttle bus service, to my surprise, I got very professional, detailed, above all, prompt response which make me feel that even though I can only pay for this rate I was treated like VIP.My top choice in downtown San Francisco is Hotel Astoria, and the number one place to make reservation is -------------No hassle.--Jim	
May 28 2006 	its nothing fancy but...	the rooms are clean and the people are friendly. For the price, it is an excellent deal. It's walking distance to the finanical district, downtown, and literally at the gate to Chinatown. There's plenty of restaurants and shopping nearby. The beds are hard but the sheets are clean. There's no alarm clock in the room, so be sure to bring your own. Although the hotel doesn't have wireless, I could get a good (and open) signal from a nearby hotel from my front-facing room on the fourth floor. If you're on a budget, this is the place to stay.	
Mar 28 2006	clean friendly and moderately priced	I don't normally write reviews, but couldn't help the overwhelming feeling to defend this hotel in regards to the negative review that I just read while reserving a room.I have stayed in this hotel a couple of times and will be staying again this summer. To anyone considering a moderately priced, clean and friendly hotel that is conveniently located, this is the place for you. It's located next to the gate to China Town and the owners are polite and offer a continental breakfast. Although the desk clerk may not have the architectual background to inform the guests about the building's foundation and it's historical background, any questions regarding your room, transportation and other realistic questions regarding travel, will be kindly answered. One more thing, it's a typical older SF building and so the lift is a little slow.	
Feb 27 2006	Solid budget hotel near Chinatown		
Nov 16 2005	Good budget hotel		
Oct 26 2005 	Good location but ...		
Sep 1 2005	Good location and price for a short stay		
Aug 7 2005	Such a Nice Stay.		
Jun 7 2005	Nothing fancy but great value		
Apr 30 2004	Great Price for the Perfect Financial District Location		
Jun 27 2003	Grace Jackson		
Apr 23 2003	eerie rooms		
Jan 10 2003	Terrible for Tourists		
Nov 18 2009 	Regulero		
Sep 10 2009 	molto modesto ma in splendida posizione		
Aug 10 2009 	Ein günstiges Innenstadthotel		
Jan 12 2009 	Hotel pas terrible		
Nov 5 2008	Hotel Astoria austero con excelente ubicacion		
Oct 17 2008 	Gutes Preis - Leistungsverhältnis und sehr zentral gelegen!		
Dec 29 2007 	Bon rapport qualité prix et emplacement central		
Dec 25 2007	ottimo		
May 23 2007 	Relación calidad/precio excepcional		
Apr 4 2007	rapport qualité/prix **		
