Nov 14 2009 	Adequate but get a room on a high floor and at the back	An older hotel with outdated decor (think red bedcover, large round mirror in the room for the Queen, photos on the website not really what our room was like). We were on the 2nd floor facing Geary Street which I believe may be the main route for the fire brigade! Extremely noisy, we were woken up several times during the night by this. Hairdyer also didn't work in this room, and shampoo bottles etc were half empty from the previous guests. We mentioned this the next day and were moved to a higher floor (5th) still facing Geary Street, but much quieter and nicer decor as well. No air con, but windows opened. Sometimes difficult to get the staff's attention as they run the diner/restaurant next door. Big bonus is the great location. Just a few blocks walk to Union Square and the cable car, bus line etc and free internet as well.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great value but get a room at the back	I stayed at the Touchstone for three nights. Check in was quick and simple. I was given a room at the front of the hotel, which was incredibly noisy, especially on Friday night. Room was clean, bed was comfortable, wifi worked and was free. Bathroom was spotless. Noticed though, no airconditioning, so if you visit during summer and you're not used to warmer weather, it could get a bit sticky. Overally, highly recommended.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great hotel for the price and location!	VERY CLEAN HOTEL! Front desk staff very nice, it is an older styled hotel with very simple rooms. No frills, no room service, small tv, no fridge, BUT for the price and location, it was great. It was clean, comfortable, and I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to save some money while staying in SF.	
Sep 17 2009 	Average hotel good location but not the value for the money we spent	We booked 4 nights on a webspecial with a breakfast from the adjecent restaurantThe frontdesk staff was helpfull during our stay, but our room was the size of a stamp with a bed in the middle. During our stay our shampoo's weren't replaced and the room cleaning was avarage (usually just remaking the bed and replacing the towels). We had a pretty noisy room if you opened a window with sirens and screaming hobo's that roam the neighborhood at night.The best thing about this hotel would be it's location, its close to just about everything worth seeing in SF or to transportation that can get you there quick (hop on/hop off tours/cable cars/underground/buses etc)The breakfast we booked was from the diner/restaurant which was served on the ground level of the hotel. The restaurant was a whole other story (dont expect speedy service or a smile) On arrival we got a coupon with 3 choices: eggs(scrambled)/creamcheese bagel or a sweet roll and coffee or tea. Thats it, no choices beyond that,This hotel isn't the most expensive in SF but value for money it was not.	
Aug 21 2009 	Decent stay at the Touchstone	For the price, the location and the room was a good value. It was clean. My only complaint was that I was unable to get WiFi in my room, and the rooms that had it were booked. Although I did have a quiet room, and it was clean. They are small rooms.	
Aug 10 2009 	We Loved this hotel!	After reading all the bad reviews we were slightly nervous about booking this hotel but our budget dictated it! But, what a nice suprise! The location is absolutely perfect, the staff were really helpful. The room was small but perfectly clean and comfortable with the most powerful shower i have ever had! Also, the deli on the ground floor serves great breakfasts. Free wireless internet and free water in our rooms helped too!This isn't a plush hotel but perfectly suitable for a few days in San Fran.	
Jul 22 2009 	Unfortunately the bad reviews were right	I'm not one to add on to a sour chorus, but please think about spending a few more bucks on your San Fran trip and staying somewhere else. My boyfriend and I, having booked our hotel through Hotwire, didn't get chance to see this place until after we'd paid our slightly discounted fare. I tried not to focus on the negative reviews, but after reading about someone else's bed bug issue, I decided that we should pack our own bed linens as a &quot;just-in-case&quot; option. There were no bed bugs, but our sheets were covered in long black hairs, an absolutely disgusting thing to discover when you throw back the sheets to go to bed. Obviously, we put our sheets to use on the trip. How sad is it that you have to use your own linens because you can't trust the hotel to keep a clean house?Everything else in the hotel was fine. The room and bathrooms are tiny, but nothing you wouldn't expect in staying in a building that old. The TV is 12' x 12' and mounted high on the wall -- like a hospital -- and the mattress isn't at all comfortable. Still, the location is decent, I suppose.	
Jul 19 2009 	French/European Style	I'd stayed at the touchstone last month, and at first I was afraid of what I've gotten into. But when I check in, the clerk was very understanding and polite as well as professional,I ask for his name he told me Eric, The check in was smooth as silk, and when I saw the room it was not bad the room was a cute french european type.It had the things that a guest need and a friendly frontdesk clerk. I would recommend this to all my friends back in australia.From 1 to 10 I would give Touchstone a 9	
Jul 6 2009	forget the sheartons kimptons and hiltons....this is where you want to stay	Perfect hotel, perfect location. If you're in san francisco you are there to sight see, for business or leisure.I would recommend trying the kimpton hotel if you want to be pampered but if you're looking for somewhere that has the best location, attentive smiling staff that are always there to help you plam your day then this is the place to stay.Cheap rates, the rooms are perfect size and the beds are comfortable. Free use of the internet at the computer by the lobby which is great.I actually wouldnt stay anywhere else and would recommend this to everyone.	
Jun 19 2009 	Great location!	This Hotel is in the best location near Union sqaure. The people that work at the hotel are really nice and helpfull. The room is clean, but if you are in the front on the street side you need earplugs. So maybe ask for a room that is at the back.  Also something you have to keep in mind is that our room had a really hard bed. This is ofcourse very personal. But after three night I was happy to sleep in a different bed.Overall this is a very good hotel you get good value for your money.	
May 4 2009 	most attentive and serious hotel crew i ever experienced	I, Nicolas Monpoix from France, have had a very plaisant 4 days / 5 nights stay at the Touchstone hotel.i recommend it for tourists wanting to visit San Francisco easily, safely and in the traditionnal way.This 1950's hotel building is located in the middle of the downtown, right next to Union square, just in front of the Theater, maybe the best location in town.The staff is serious and devoted to guests confort, offering a familial attention to every details of your stay, giving a human and peaceful dimension in the heart of busy city.the restaurant David's, next to the lobby reception desk, propose a large variety of jewish speciality food, delicatessen, meals and beverages, imported german beers; in an authentic 1950's restaurant room.	
Aug 7 2009 	cher payé		
Jul 27 2009 	Sehr klein aber fein		
May 18 2009 	accueil très agréable bon hotel et bon rapport qualité prix		
Feb 23 2009 	Empfehlenswertes Hotel in super Lage		
