Oct 8 2009 	Roomy and free parking!	Although the Seal Rock Inn is further out than most hotels, I really enjoyed my stay. Walking distance from Cliff House, bath ruins and with views of the &quot;seal rocks&quot; it's very peaceful in comparison to the busy city center. Roomy accommodations (albeit a bit dated), some with ocean views. And- with free parking, it's a San Francisco gem!	
Aug 30 2009 	It Grows On You	A friend that lives in San Francisco recommended that we stay here. We were disappointed when we first arrived - the carpet was old and the room smelled musty. But after we opened the window and door and got some fresh air in, it wasn't so bad. This room is going to be renovated next month.Very helpful and friendly staff. We had a problem with the coffee maker and they brought us a new one right away.You are a a couple of hundred yards uphill from the ocean. Across the street is Sutro Park which has a beautiful jogging trail. Down the hill are the ruins of the baths. Louies restaurant and then the Cliff House. Further down the hill a mile or so the beach flattens out and you have the Beach Chalet restaurant.We did not rent a car, so the Muni service was a must. The buses park next to the hotel and one leaves about every 5 minutes. They go all the way downtown, or you can stop off at Trader Joes or get a pizza at Dominos. Bus fare for seniors is only 75 cents, but its $2 for everyone else so you might want to get a pass if you are not a senior. They don't check IDs. The restaurant downstairs is fabulous. Great food and very reasonable prices. They do a lot of business with people who live in the neighborhood.It was overcast every day, but the sun came out the morning that we left. I imagine the sunsets would be fabulous on a sunny day.	
Aug 3 2009 	I do not recommend	Always wanted to stay here great location for walking beach and trails but room photos and hotel photos and amentities are not correct. We stayed on room 102 for four days come to SF once a month for a least a week. Have stayed all over there are much better choices for value. Room advertised as having kitchenette however all cupboards and dishes are locked up you have to pay extra to use. Pool photo on website is nice but actual pool is filthy and you wouldn't want to use. There were slime smudges on furniture and tables. Shower head was like standing under an old pipe. Head is clogged and didn't work properly. Linens were clean, carpet was newer seemed clean. Beds were comfortable enough. Room overall had bad feeling big tv console in akward position table shoved in kitchenette. Very strange. I would not stay here again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Small hotel great location	We stayed here for one night on our trip to San Francisco. The staff was friendly and helpful and there was free parking which is unusual in SF. Our room was older but huge with a view of the ocean. Bathroom was small but clean. It was walking distance to lots of things including Cliff House, Louie's (a great little place for breakfast) and a beautiful park with view of the Golden Gate Bridge. We had a wonderful time here and would definately stay again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Horrendous for the price!	As a former San Francisco citizen, I returned after 10 years to vacation near the Cliff House. I chose the Seal Rock Inn solely because of its proximity to the Cliff House and beach. Huge mistake. The room, though clean, had not been renovated in any significant way since the 60's. Even the most basic cosmetic improvements were ignored, including patched wallpaper in the ancient toilet, funky old rugs, bedspreads and a generally gloomy ambience, that for the nightly price of 175 dollars was absurd, considering the ready availability of cheaper, more modern and centrally located hotels downtown. I got the impression that the owners had a &quot;take it or leave it&quot; attitude toward the customers. If this lack of attention to renovation was intended to add to the &quot;charm&quot;, it fell very short. We have traveled extensively throughout Europe and the US in every style of accommodation. Believe us when I say that this place is sub par for the price. I would best describe this place as a tired, cheerless place with no charm whatsoever, and is comparable to the youth hostels that one can find in foreign cities. Couple that with the fog and wind that you will experience in that part of the city and you will have a miserable time! We were very disappointed.	
Apr 8 2009 	Incredibly rude people!!!	I called the hotel this morning to book a room. Their recording says they take reservations from 7:30 AM on. I called at 7:45. I was rudely told to call back at 8:30 and then hung up on. I called back 20 minutes later to speak with a manager. The same fellow told me no manager would be in today. I told him I had called earlier and that his recording said reservations opened at 7:30. He said that was wrong. I told him I was prepared to book 5 nights with him but because he was so rude I wasn't going to do that. HE HUNG UP ON ME!!! Apparently this hotel doesn't need the business in this economy. I would NEVER - EVER - STAY HERE!	
Mar 17 2009 	So perfect I will be back	My husband was having surgery at the VA Hospital and driving is difficult for me, so I needed to be as close as I could. At 63, alone and partially disabled, the Seal Rock Inn turned out to be the perfect choice. The location in a very quiet neighborhood, along with the layout of the overall facilities, gave me a very secure feeling - more so than any other motel I have stayed in. Very peaceful and quiet (excepting the garbage truck one morning). The bed was extremely comfortable. Nice and roomy. Appears to have been recently remodled.I was only 7 blocks from the hospital which made visiting my husband easy. The coffee shop serves very good food, and, even though it was only breakfast and lunch, I made do by ordering something appropriate (salads, etc) &quot;to go&quot; to take to my room for dinner.The staff was gracious and helpfull, including recommending a great Pizza delivery the evening my sister was visiting.Should my husband require more hospitalization, I definitely will stay at the Seal Rock Inn. I'm a native born San Franciscan as were both my parents. This Inn is tops.	
Feb 7 2009 	Convenient location for work event but ....	When I first booked the room, the person who took my reservation wasn't that friendly. When I called back to give my credit card information the day before my stay, the same person asked me several times what time I'd arrive. I told him I didn't know yet, and he told me curtly that if I didn't arrive by 10:30 p.m. I'd be &quot;out of luck&quot; as nobody would be in the office to help me. I assured him I'd be there before that time. When I checked in, the clerk immediately told me to disregard the message he'd left on my cell phone asking for my credit card information or my reservation was going to be cancelled. He hadn't noticed that I'd already given that information until after he placed the call. The check-in clerk was very nice. When I got to my room, the first thing I noticed was that there was no alarm clock. I was planning to set an alarm because I had to get up early for a work event. I called the front desk to ask for a wake up call, and was told to do it automatically on the phone. Well, it didn't work on my phone. Also, a light bulb was out. So, the clerk came up with a light bulb and to help me &quot;figure out&quot; how to program the wake-up call. The light bulb worked, but he couldn't get the phone to work. So, he told me he'd bring another phone from an empty room. He brought a filthy, dusty phone and set up my wake up call for me. Glad he set it up as I didn't want to touch that phone. The sleeping area was big, with one bed and a couch/futon. There was a divider so it would be a good room for a family. The bathroom was TINY, but nicely remodeled. The carpet was so filthy that I didn't dare go barefoot on it. The sleeping room area needs an overhaul/updating and a good cleaning. I found hair in the sink as well, which is my pet peeve when staying in hotels. I also could hear the conversation the next door neighbors were having; the walls were that thin. And I was right above the Muni bus stop so heard the buses. But, for the most part, it was pretty quiet. Would not stay here again for work, though I could see staying if I needed to stay in SF and wanted to be near the ocean, Cliff House, Legion of Honor, etc.	
Jan 25 2009 	Nice older hotel	We stayed in January '09. My husband was there for business, and I went along to be with family who live in the area. Overall we were happy with the location and the restaurant. We ate breakfast there twice and the omelettes were great. The room was a bit old and could have used some upgrading but it was clean and comfortable. The lobby is tiny and the elevator doesn't always work but we were OK taking the stairs. The area is beautiful, and wonderful for scenic walks. There are not a lot of hotels to choose from in the Sunset area and we decided to try Seal Rock Inn - we didn't regret it.	
Dec 28 2008 	Easy access to all major sites	We had driven past the Seal Rock Inn on several occasions during our previous stays in the city, always assuming that it would be out of our price range. We have tried several other hotels on the west side in the Sunset District with less than satisfactory results. Prior to booking the rooms I used Trip Advisor to look at past reviews and was somewhat concerned with a couple of reviews I read. The reviewers had been negative about both the motel and restaurant. We elected to give the place a try, and were glad that we did. None of the concerns addressed by the negative reviews were experienced by us during our stay. The location just can't be beat. We tend to spend most of our time with our 7 year old daughter checking out the Zoo, Exploratorium, Academy of Sciences, spending time along the ocean and in Golden Gate Park. The Seal Rock Inn is located adjacent to Sutro Park and trails are available literally just across the street. Very easy access to all out favorite haunts and easy to access Fishermans Wharf if so desired.The room was spacious and clean. The bathroom had been recently remodeled and was well done with new fixtures and new tile. The management and staff were friendly and helpful. The restaurant staff was pleasant, although the service was a little slow. The food was average and the pricing also average for the San Francisco area. Overall we were quite pleased with our experience and will return to the Seal Rock on our next trip, and subsequent trips as well.	
Dec 10 2008 	quiet and great value	I had stayed at the Seal Rock Inn some years ago and found it to be suited to my needs. I booked it again for one night. I was offered a regular single or a room with an ocean view for about $30 more - well, for that little I figured I could splurge.The room was really large, with a small bar/fridge/coffeemaker, two beds, a wood-burning fireplace, and of course that ocean view. Everything was clean except a weird splotchy spot on one window. (Maybe it was on the outside. I didn't get too close.) They have a pool, ping-pong, and badminton on a small deck.The Seal Rock Inn is way out of downtown so it was very quiet at night. Towards morning the Muni buses park on the street below and that does make a little noise.You can get a free bundle of firewood at the desk and have a nice little fire (gas jets get the wood burning for you). The fire didn't actually catch all that well but it was still cheerful.The Seal Rock Inn is convenient to the Cliff House, the Sutro Park, Sutro Baths, Golden Gate Park, the Legion of Honor, the VA Hospital, and shopping on Clement and Geary Street. I was able to catch the Geary 38L bus and go directly to Union Square without having to think about where to park my car downtown.	
Oct 10 2008 	great for West SF	I wanted to stay on the western side of San Francisco--visiting the DeYoung and Legion of Honor museums, walking along Lands End and the beaches. The Inn is perfectly located for that. Room overlooked ocean facing west. A little road noise from buses, but fine. Restaurant in the bldg. served breakfast and lunch, but not dinner, and no snack places immediately nearby, so car would be helpful (free parking at hotel). DSL line for computers. No alarm clock in room. I would stay again.	
Sep 21 2008 	Loved Seal Rock Inn	My husband and I were on an anniversary trip to San Francisco and had never stayed in this part of town before. I am so glad that we chose the Seal Rock Inn for our stay. We stayed three nights and would have stayed longer if the hotel weren't full for the weekend. Our room on the first floor was recently renovated and was very large and had a huge tiled bathroom. The room was spotless and tastefully decorated and the bed extremely comfortable. We also appreciated the convenience of the microwave and mini fridg in the room. The staff were very nice and friendly. The inn is in a great location with beautiful parks and fantastic ocean views nearby and lots to see within a short walking distance. The restaurant has great breakfasts very reasonably priced. Free parking is a huge plus in San Francisco. Not a luxury hotel but clean and nice and I highly recommend this inn.	
Jul 24 2008	We had a very nice time.	I stayed here for my cousin's wedding - actually we took over the hotel. The rooms were clean, the staff was friendly - and very patient with us, and the restaurant had GREAT breakfasts.The rooms open onto a common area with a pool, ping pong and tables and chairs for lounging around and (in our case) partying with family. There's a great view of the water from the roof.Be aware - their cancelation policy is rather draconian. And the parking is tight and not for the faint of heart.Overall, I definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jun 3 2008 	Stay here!	My family has stayed here several times. It's great for families who want a good deal and don't mind being away from the city. I paid $150 per night for two full beds, a full bath, and a kitchenette. We always enjoy breakfast at the restaurant downstairs. Parking is not a problem...we always find a spot no matter how late we get in. If this is your one and only trip to SF, then you'll probably want to pay more and stay in the city. If you visit regularly, then this &quot;quiet&quot; inn is unbeatable. Trust me, this place is quiet for SF...yes, the bus stops in front of the inn, but go vacation in Napa if you want peace and quiet. My only disappointment was being confronted by one of the house cleaning staff while I was standing in the lobby. I had pushed two twin beds together so my kids could sleep together...the beds had wheels and were much lighter than traditional beds. The cleaning lady told me, rudely, not to put the beds together because she could not take the sheets off. I'm not a snooty person, but even my kids were able to move those beds apart with minimal effort. The good news is that I just made a reservation and the front desk lady was super nice and professional...I think she's new and little more savvy about customer service. Enjoy your stay!	
May 6 2008 	The Seal Rocks.......	ok... here's the deal.... i've been staying here since the early70's... here's why.....firstly, it is NOT for everyone.... i like 5 stars and being ableto get rangoon crepes from room service at 3 AM as much as the next person, and a fountain side suite at the bellagio in las vegas is just fine, thank you very much.... it's also over a thousand a night, not including the 3 am crepes.... stayedthere, ordered that.....when i go to SF, i plan on eating out, going places, andhaving a good time.... and the seal rock works perfectly forthat... it's like saturday morning, and your favorite pair ofsneakers, hanging out.you want saturday night with stillettoes instead ofcomfy sneakers? nob hill is on the other side of town, and is 850 a night instead of 150 for a room.i just called up for reservations for next weekend, andwas in luck.... they were sold out, but had one cancellation15 minutes before.... so i'm in room 302... been there before.my wife is a gormet cook, and if SHE loves the fooddownstairs, you probably will too..... she loves the fooddownstairs.ok... the furniture is like visiting your aunt sophie...work it out in therapy, for god's sake. if you are traumatizedby the furnature, bring a copy of Architectural Digest forthe therapeautic value. what did you come to SF for?to examine hotel furniture? get out the door, and do something.i wouldn't normally post a review of this, as it sells outalmost all the time anyway, and i'd like to be able to geta room, y'know, without having to fight the rest of you for one.however, i happened to click on the revews, and afterreading a few, decided to post something here. a couple of them really plugged my BS filter, requiringcleaning with a toothbrush.....if you get a room, you'll probably be happy with theexperience. i've been coming back for 35 years.and if you are a hight maintenance pain-in-the-butt,who needs everything to be perfect for them to behappy, then go to the mark hopkins. that way i won'thave to sit next to you at the restraunt, and listen toyou complain, which would annoy me..... thanks.Randy Allenakirra@fulthrotl.com	
Mar 25 2008	Seal Rock Inn - On the Ocean side of San Francisco	I would like to recommend the Seal Rock Inn as a quiet place to stay in San Francisco, CA. Although it is not the most glamourous place to stay in San Francisco, it is clean, staff courteous /attentive and the bus line stops right out front without the hustle bustle at most bus stops in San Fran. You can walk one block down the hill to the ocean, Cliff House and thru a park to view the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge. You do not have all of the honking and city noise of downtown stays. The restaurant attached to the Seal Rock Inn is a very good one. They serve great breakfasts and good lunches. No dinner served. If you do rent a car - they have covered parking and more street parking. There is no extra charge for parking that most San Francisco Hotel/Motels charge. We were pleased with our visit - I believe this is a good San Francisco secret. Our visit was for a full week and we did not have any complaints.Jackson, Mississippi	
Dec 22 2007 	Outrageous Conduct	I went to meet some friends for breakfast today at the Seal Rock Inn. I was about 15 minutes early and was sitting outside in the back. The manager came out and told me that when I came in, I could not leave my two service dogs where they were (outside the restaurant and no where near the entrance. I told him he had no right to make that claim, and that they were service dogs. He then tried to get me to explain what they were in service for, an illegal inquirry. When I told him his actions were illegal, he said I was not welcome at the Inn and he would not even serve my friends. He refused to let my friends dine there. I will sue them for discrimination on the basis of handicap and suggest you seriously consider whether you would want to stay or eat at such at place.	
Dec 12 2007	Unable to book reservation	Contacted hotel directly and was not able to obtain a reservation. The employee that answered the phone, and latter his supervisor, have no patience to answer simple questions. They were very rude and actually hung-up the phone (twice).Fortunately, there are plenty of other choices for lodging in the SF area as I would not recommend staying at the Seal Rock Inn.	
Dec 10 2006 	Trying to be Fair	My husband and I have stayed at the Seal Rock Inn several times and have family who have stayed there in the past as well. We have visited in the past six months and so I feel up to date on its amenities and service and in that way qualifed to speak about this placeI think it is important to say that although we keep coming back to this hotel and enjoy it and certainly reccomend it to others, it does have a few drawbacks and would not be to everyone's tasteBecause I have read extreme reviews of Seal Rock on this site ranging from highly critically to very complimentary, I wanted to try to provide a little balance...this might help you see if it is for youWHAT WE LIKE ABOUT SEAL ROCK INNits charm , its history and uniquenss...it is really is from another era..1950's style, cozy , comfy furniture even &quot;funky&quot; today's teens would say, large open clean rooms, many with fireplaces, some with views. a real homey feel. A SF landmark for sure!Its interesting inner courtyard with a pool, table tennis and places to sit and relax in an atmosphere that is relaxed, safe and friendly. Great if you have friends/family staying in another room...neat place for adults to gather and visit.. Kids love it too and it is easy to give them some freedom while keeping them in sight. Its bright restaurant that serves great breakfasts with friendly staff who have been there a long time, know the area and who do not make you feel that you have to rush. Locals love to eat here too so that tells you something!!!Its location...out of the hustle bustle and pressure of downtown but with easy access to the sights of that part of the city -there is a bus right outside the door or by car it is direct and not far to travelIts right by the beach and with lots of interesting walks nearby, in a great neigbourhood, close to some quaint shopping, and good eating (both reasonably priced and more fancy dining), steps from the famous Cliff House and famous beach along the great highway.Its free and convenient parking :-) not so in many other parts of SFIts good value compared to what you pay elsewhere in the city for the same amount of room and spaceIts wide appeal to adults , teens and kids alike...we have seen it all. Great for family gatherings or romantic couple stays..we have done bothWHAT WE HAVE NOT ALWAYS LIKEDIts mangement do not always seem very flexible when there are special needs and requests and sometimes can convey an abrupt attitude with a focus on the rules and the bottom line instead of customer service. This is not always the case by any means but people skills could be something that they brush up on a bit. The staff though are generally very friendly and helpful. Its late check in sometimes seems difficult as the desk shuts down at 11PM and check out time seems firmly observed even when there are circumstances where some compassion could have been extendedIts bathrooms..There is either a bathtub or a shower stall in each room and neither are ideal in our view. The bathrooms are quite small and could use some updatingWell that's it. Would we go back?. Absolutely!!!!!! it is a very special place!!!	
Oct 28 2006 	Disappointing	I am an avid TripAdvisor user, BUT I did not check reviews before booking at the Seal Rock Inn...probably a mistake. I was actually going on &quot;nostalgia&quot; because my parents had stayed here for an anniversary or two many years ago. Now I've had my &quot;reality check&quot;.The third floor room was very spacious, but quite rundown. Peeling wallpaper, cruddy shower tiles, spots on upholstery, wobbly, crooked tables. No clock or radio or &quot;entertainment&quot; brochure or magazine. The bed was made very sloppy; bedskirt falling off; when I pulled back the bedspread the sheets were limp and wrinkled; for a moment I panicked that the bed had not been changed! I tried not to be paranoid...I got a stiff neck and shoulder from the &quot;sling&quot; type bed, the rolling toward the center thing with two people in bed.When will I learn that a hotel's description of &quot;direct view of the ocean&quot; is always subjective?? I've posted a couple of pictures; I got innovative in order to sit and view the ocean, because the windows are too high for just sitting at chair level (I'm 5' 5&quot; tall, not a short person). The fireplace was a nice touch, although a bit small for the room.The location is great for a different style of SF holiday. We walked to the Cliff House; had a great dinner and live music at The Beach Chalet restaurant, just a short drive down the Great Hwy. Our intention was a more mellow trip to SF this time, not right in the heart of the city. We will enjoy our beautiful San Francisco many more times; but I will not stay at the Seal Rock Inn again or recommend it to friends.	
Sep 20 2006 	Quiet side of town	My husband and I stayed at Seal Rock Inn in August 2006 and had a great time. The hotel is not luxurious, but we found it comfortable. We rented a car and appreciated the free parking. It was nice to be right by the ocean and parks, instead of downtown. You can take some really nice walks, right from the hotel. Staying out at Seal Rock forces you to see interesting parts of the city that tourists usually don't see. Also, the breakfast at the restaurant downstairs is good and convenient. The bus noise others have mentioned didn't bother us. If you like sushi, try Oyaji on Clement... the best we've ever had!!!	
Sep 19 2006	Moldy dirty and grimmy	I would never stay here again. The windows had fuzzy black mold growing on them. The shower was moldy. The wall paper was peeling from the walls and the wall behind was moldy. The base of the toilet was grimmy. It is the first time I've cleaned a toilet seat in a motel before I'd use it. The room was large and it looks like it was once -a very long time ago - a classy place. I don't know how the SF Health Dept allows them to stay in business.	
Sep 11 2006 	great neighborhood	Just got back from a stay over Labor Day weekend. My husband &amp; I stayed for 6 nights and found the charm of the motel to be perfect for our stay in SanFran. Since we rented a car and come from the East, traffic &amp; getting around through the city were no problem for us. The motel is in a great neighborhood with friendly local shops/restaurants. Gaspare's for dinner, Javacat for coffee. It was nice after a day of running through the city to come back to the quaint area of Ocean Beach and the bath ruins. The Park/Beach Chalet just down the road at the entrance of the Golden Gate Park was a perfect place to grab lunch or a good beer with a peaceful setting. The hotel was kept up well. Our maid service was excellent and the grounds, which consisted of a small pool, ping pong and small tables for the onsite restaurant were a charming touch to the center of the motel. The rooms themselves are huge. Yes, they need updating, but I wasn't staying at a Marriot. There was a small fridge and plenty of room to stretch out after a long day of walking. The only complaint I have is the shower. All I ask is they upgrade to a handheld shower, it was quite an experience trying to wash my hair everyday. The people were quiet &amp; friendly, not intrusive, but certainly not rude. The restaurant, a local favorite, offered daily weekday specials for breakfast and a friendly, personable staff. It does get crowded on the weekends so we only ate breakfast there during the week. Plenty of food for the money and a good start to a long day, they keep the coffee flowing. If you are looking for a comfortable stay near quaint settings in San Francisco this is the place for you. My husband &amp; I would definitley go back.	
May 12 2006	Decent Motor Inn in a beautiful location	Location Great:Seal Rocks nearbySutro Bath Ruins nearbySutro Heights Park next doorTrailhead toward Baker Beach (Golden Gate Bridge) across streetBus stops for 38L and 18 right at hotelGolden Gate Park not too far away (also accessible by bus 18)Pretty close to Legion of Honor by busGreat views of the oceanMore relaxed location than in the city (less traffic)Other positives:Seem to keep the place cleanRestaurant food is pretty good, especially breakfastFree parkingTV had a decent selection of channels and a remoteSmall refrigerator and microwaveKitchenette with stove, but cabinets locked up apparently if you don't pay extraNice little courtyard with a ping pong table if youcan believe that and a poolNegatives:Restaurant is a bit expensive, but not out of line witheverything else in San FranciscoNo laundry services or washer dryers on site and thenearest coin op is too far to easily walkDecor is a bit dated to it's 1959 originsLong way from the center of town and other tourist placesFurniture is marginal. Couches are twin bed convertablesand I found them hard on my back as couchesRestaurant closes before dinnerNo snack machine and nearest convenience store is 5 blocksaway (walkable but somewhat far for this purpose)Only nearby restaurants (other than in motel) are eitherclosed for dinner or very expensive (Cliff House).No air conditioning (though it was cool outside and nota problem for me)On balance I thought it was a good place for me to stay. It was more relaxed than the hustle bustle crowds in the city. It wasa nice location for visiting lots of things in the evening andsome (the trail to Baker Beach) even had views of the GoldenGate Bridge only about 10 minutes from the motel. I liked sittingin my room with the windows open and a nice cool breeze watchingthe sun set over the Pacific. I found the need to bring so many clothes (no place to wash) somewhat annoying as was the needto walk to the Walgreens 5 blocks away if I wanted a snack inthe evenings.	
Apr 26 2006	Mixed Feelings	We arrived at the Seal Rock Inn after a long day of driving. My first impression was that it definately did NOT remind me of a 1950's national park lodge as described in a travel book I had picked up. It is on a relatively busy street corner and the sound of city buses is prevalent. My second impression came to me as I looked out the window - yes, we could see the ocean from our third floor window- but in the foreground, I observed an apparent homeless drunk sleeping in the bushes across the street. After several minutes, he woke up, staggered several steps, urinated in the plants, stumbled several more steps and lay down to sleep again. As I looked around the fairly shabby room of questionable cleanliness, I thought &quot;Oh my God, I can't stay here with my family.&quot; But, I tried to set a good example for my kids and roll with the punches. Amazingly we had a quiet night sleep. The buses stop running and the traffic outside dies down. We had a roomy third floor room with one queen and two twin beds, so the kids were happy to each have their own space. The next day we took the bus downtown. The &quot;end of the line&quot; is right across the street from Seal Rock Inn. So the bus was empty when we first got on, and there was standing room only by the time we got off. But it was a great way to people watch and meet some of the locals who live by public transportation. Many were quite friendly. We did our sightseeing thing that day and returned tired once again by bus. It was nice to not have driven in the car for a day, but one day of bus riding was enough.  The next morning my husband and I got up and walked to a charming diner down the hill. We had breakfast and a spectacular view of the ocean and the Sutro bath ruins. The neighborhood was looking a little better. Later, we drove ourselves to Fishermans Wharf and found a parking garage for another round of tourist stuff, which worked fine too. Originally our reservations were for three nights, but we decided that two were more than enough. We cancelled our third night and opted to return to an airport hotel that we knew would be clean and reliable, we had an early flight in the morning anyway and we'd seen most of what we came to see for this trip. In summary, Seal Rock Inn has potential to be a very nice place in an interesting location, but it needs major updating. Most of the staff is friendly, but they reside behind glass in a small office off a non-existant lobby. It doesn't give the guest a very confident feeling about the neighborhood. Free parking is a definite plus. And the price of the room was looking pretty good after experiencing how expensive everything in and around San Francisco is. Still, if we ever find our way back to San Francisco, we will probably save our pennies and pay more for a hopefully nicer place.	
Mar 2 2006	Seal Rock Inn not for everyone	Based on a 4 night stay at The Seal Rock Inn in February...Pros:*Large rooms including separate sitting area*Near the ocean for spectacular views*Away from downtown so it's quiet and safe*Kitchenette*Very, very reasonably priced for SF*Close to transportation for easy commute to downtown and attractions*Walking distance to good eats and drinks w/ incredible views at The Cliff House*Walking distance to a convenience store*Convenient to western SF sites e.g. Golden Gate Park, The Presidio, Palace of the Legion of Honor, Ocean Beach, and more*Free parking*Nice, friendly, helpful staffCons:*Rooms are *not* clean...a major issue for me*Place needs an upgrade/renovation including new paint to cover up years worth of handprints and dirt on doorways and walls, new carpet, new bathroom (the floor tiles felt grimy and slimy under my feet...disgusting), better air filtering system (the place had a dank, musty smell that would not go away), the list goes on*Use of kitchenette requires additional fee*Takes about 1/2 hour to get to downtown by bus...fine for a couple of days, but then the commute up and down Geary Blvd. gets tired...take the 38L bus, which is faster than the local 38 or rent a car (the Hertz on Geary near 3rd Ave. has good rates)	
Aug 15 2005	Awesome!	Great last minute place to stay, ocean view and near alot of attractions. Very spacious inside, with a bit of romance by the fire place. I will absolutly stay there again...Oh and dont forget the resturant down stairs!	
Mar 23 2005	Affordable away from downtown	OK, so it's not a five star hotel. But it's clean, secure and very affordable. Ask for a room with a view ... and if you get a third floor room you can also have a fireplace! The rooms also come with a small fridge tucked in the cabinet under the television. (ignore the microwave in the photos. We brought that ourselves!)our third floor room was large and comfortable. The motel is quite a ways from downtown in a residential area near Cliffhouse, which is exactly what we wanted. If you don't have a car, it can probably be quite a ride to downtown, but there is a bus line that stops right across the street. We chose to drive our car everywhere we went. Traffic is a heavy and the roads are steep, but we had no major problems finding parking--minor ones, yes. Be warned, parking garages near the wharf are expensive.We stayed at Seal Rock Inn April 2004 and will definitely stay here again when we return to SF. In addition to seeing Fisherman's Wharf and Golden Gate Bridge, you must visit the nearby park. It's a tiny version of NY's central park. There is a windmill and in the spring the tulips surrounding it are beautiful! It was one of my favorite places in SF.	
Mar 12 2005	Quiet Spacious Room	The Seal Rock Inn is a lovely place. We had a bedroom plus a large sitting area and fireplace with an ocean view. The interior courtyard with swimming pool was a pleasant spot when it was warm enough to swim. Because the Seal Rock is quite a drive from downtown SF, the restaurant is a welcome bonus. We had several good meals there with fine service. Overall, laid back without being slack or lazy. A very good value.	
Mar 4 2005	Our favorite hotel in San Francisco	If you like a lot of space and an ocean view, this is the place for you. Housekeeping here is excellent and the staff is helpful. Free parking is a definite plus. This is a great place for a family and the bus at the corner takes you right in to downtown. We've stayed here on two occasions and we'll definitely be back!	
Dec 7 2004	Just Perfect ...	If you are looking for something different than the regular old corporate hotel room in a busy, crowded, overpriced central business district ... try the Seal Rock.I was in SF on business recently and just did not want to stay downtown. I remembered the Seal Rock In and it was just perfect. The rooms were clean and comfortable ... although not at all fancy. The location is perfecrt. At the end of Geary Street off Golden Gate Park ... with an awsome view of the Pacific Ocean. I never heard any buses, but even if they would have been loud ... it would not have changed my opinion.. A big thumbs up!!!	
Jul 19 2004	Very Nice.	Great !!!!! Very nice room. Great place to stay away from crowded downtown San Francisco.	
Feb 20 2004	Very nice night	I stayed at the Seal Rock Inn on Feb. 16, 2004 and really enjoyed my night there. I had a third floor room with a fireplace (though we didn't use it). The room was very clean and attractive and the view was stunning. The Inn has a great location just up the street from the Cliff House restaurant in the Sunset District of the city. After having stayed only days earlier at Robert's-by-the-Beach Motel, I was very relieved to find the room much more quiet and comfortable. The only noise was the sound of the wind in the chimney because a major storm hit the city that weekend.The restaurant was reasonably priced, had very good service, and decent food.I would gladly stay at this inn again!	
Jan 2 2004	Honeymoon	In December 1962, my new husband and I spent our honeymoon night on the 3rd floor corner room...it was a very romantic room, with murals of the sea on the walls. We had no complaints...then I guess there weren't many buses going by. I just remember the view of the glorious ocean from the big corner windows. We loved it.	
Dec 30 2003	Comfort with a view home away from home.	I always choose the same room. Great view, wonderful food at their restaurant, and close to the Cliff House and shops which are under restoration currently. Christmas time is great in San Francisco, the shopping is the best. A truly metropolitan atmosphere. I shall continue returning to the Seal Rock Inn, my favorite place to stay.	
Dec 22 2003	Nifty inn by the ocean	I'm actually a native of San Francisco, but I haven't lived there for many years, so it's nice to be able to write about the City's hotels now. I really like the Seal Rock Inn, as it serves its purpose well. The 38 Geary is right there, so you don't need a car to get you downtown. Just jump on the bus and have a ball. Ocean Beach, a real beach, is down the hill, along with the Cliff House and Louie's (best burgers). The sea lions left in the late eighties, but you used to be able them vie with the foghorns when the fog came rolling in. The hotel's restaurant remains one of my favorites. Tourists mix with the local residents, you can talk about the 49ers and Giants, and still get served by the same longtime staff. This is actually more of a motel than a hotel, but it's perfect for those of us who are city-bred and need to be in the outer Richmond. However, if you're an entitled, suburban American who thinks buses are evil, then please stay home in your tract-house....San Francisco really doesn't need you.	
Oct 12 2003	what a view!	Suite 304 rocks! Originally opted for a third floor fireplace unit but when we checked in and went to the room, alas, it had not been cleaned. the manager on duty apologized but made us wait in the lobby until it was cleaned, despite the fact other rooms were available. Manager, after being questioned about other rooms that may be available then upgraded us to suite 304 and it was bliss. It is a corner unit that could accomodate a family and a wonderful ocean view. The bathroom shower head is a big joke and whoever decorated this unit must be blind. Enjoyed the fireplace but was charged for wood beyond the first few logs, a fact that was never mentioned at check in or when making reservations. Also, we had to ask for the original logs to start the fire going. If you aren't into &quot;bus engine noises&quot; be prepared for early morning and late night buses as a major bus stop is right across the street. Experienced 3 different front desk managers and they all had a very unprofessional &quot;who cares&quot; attitude. The front desk has limited hours. The fireplace room was a bonus and although we didn't use the pool/pingpong table and net at the recreation floor, it appeared clean and well maintained. Because of the location and rate, we look forward to bringing our family back to this location next visit. I can't really way what we are going to be charged for the total because upon check out, the manager who could not be located, finally showed up and acknowledged we were checking out and that was that. he didn't offer any paperwork-like I mentioned, not too professional or caring.	
Aug 19 2003	Cool place to stay	We love the Seal Rock Inn...With the Cliff House..Sutro Bath ruins ... the beach and walking trails nearby we always have something to do when we're not hitting the other areas of the city. The buses are the only negative...but the cool ocean breezes and excellent restaurant more then make up for the noise from the buses...We really like the family size room so our daughter and her friend can screen themselves off at night and we all have our own space...We've stayed there at least 7 vacations and keep saying we are going to try other places but it's so comfortable we keep coming back!	
May 21 2003	What buses?	I don't know where the previous reviewer was sleeping-- possibly on the sidewalk? I had a second-floor room overlooking Point Lobos Avenue and the street noise was minimal, especially late at night. The decor is charming if a little eclectic, the rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable. I was able to hook up to the internet without much trouble. The rooms are reasonably enough priced that I will certainly stay here again. Other nice points: It's within EASY walking distance of Sutro Park, Cliff House, and the Sutro's Baths site, not to mention an ocean view to die for.	
Mar 3 2002	Lousy experience	Located at the end of the Geary Street bus line, the noise of the buses is horrible from 5am til midnight daily. Not to be outdone, the motorcycle traffic is unbelievable. At one time, there were four articulated (double) buses and one standard bus, all parked outside our room, with motors running. The bathroom in our unit was so tiny, we were forced to back in, in order to sit. It was virtually impossible to turn around. The restaurant served excellent breakfasts, but closed at 4 in the afternoon, too early to get dinner. There must be worst hotels somewhere, but I don't know of any.	
