	Helpful staff good value	Decent location to access many parts of the city, a breakfast that will keep you full until lunch and beyond and very helpful and friendly staff. We stayed an extra three nights - but our second room was a lot nicer than the first. The first was a little small and didn't have an outside window. The second was very comfortable, had a nice view of the street and was very spacious. Nice lobby.	
Oct 27 2009 	great deal for a good hotel	After reading some of these reviews, I was hesitant in booking here. My choices were limited, so I did. Pleasantly surprised. Clean, nice entrance foyer, friendly staff, comfortable beds/rooms. No complaints at all. The hotel is old and helps give it the character that makes it what it is. No smells or other problems that I have read about. I was not expecting a 4 star - I was expecting a 3 star and that is what the Opal San Francisco is. Location is not a problem at all. Everyone wants to ride the trolley anyway, so just turn right out of the hotel and walk a few short blocks to California St. That is where the trolley starts and will take you on a fun ride straight into Union Square. From there you can go anywhere. We like higher end hotels but they were not available for the time were were visiting. The Opal San Francisco was a nice alternative.	
Oct 23 2009 	Crooked low class hotel	We booked 3 nights at the Opal through Priceline and prepaid for 3 nights. We couldn't make it to the hotel for the first night of our stay because our flight into SF was canceled due to weather. When we arrived at the hotel for our 2nd night, they had resold the room we had ALREADY PAID FOR! They had to scramble to find us a room and finally gave us one at the back of the hotel with an outside entrance, basically a motel room.The area was extremely noisy; we were woken up both nights due to what I can only imagine was a garbage trunk. The room was old and stuffy. The breakfast was fruit and toast which they try to put away before 9AM even rolls around.I wouldn't recommend this dump to anyone.	
Oct 21 2009 	It's a high-class hostel - not a hotel	I booked the Opal Hotel through Hotwire.com. I prepaid for three nights, but the dangerous, smelly and otherwise uncomfortable conditions prompted my decision to only stay for one! Here's the story:The hotel was presented on hotwire.com as a two star hotel with various amenities including a gym, free breakfast, free in-room wired and lobby wireless internet. I was not expecting much from a two-star hotel, but the final booking ending up costing me just short of $150 per night - and my many years of booking with them always led to me clean, safe and relatively quiet hotels that are obviously inexpensive. The Opal Hotel smelled dirty, was definitely not safe and was loud (not noise from the street, but the hotel itself) - I felt betrayed by Hotwire.com for sending me to such a terrible place. Did you ever see that scene in Big (starring Tom Hanks) where he checks into that hostel/hotel and cries himself to sleep on the bed? This was similar - and it was the first time I've experience such a stay after using hotwire for over 7 years! Here's the timeline:10:00pm - My wife and I arrive at the address. There are at least two or three vagrants on all sides of the building. After circling the building we find the parking lot entrance, which is guarded by one of these vagrants who is obviously under the influence. There is no signage, but he pushes a small button to speak to a hotel employee and slurs out that there is a guest at the entrance and that he wants to use the bathroom. After telling us the cost for parking (about $30/night - standard for San Francisco), the gate opened. If the vagrant had followed our car in, I would have left immediately as the parking lot looked ominous and the entrance to the lobby wasn't clear. BTW - I'm from LA, love downtown urban centers, and I know the difference between a well-meaning homeless person and a vagrant. All these guys were drugged out, drunk and scary. 10:05pm - The vagrant politely stands outside of the gate (as though there was an understanding between him and the hotel staff that he should not enter), and yells directions to us while also asking for money. My wife and I take a circuitous route carrying our luggage up a flight of stairs, through the motel parking lot portion of the &quot;hotel,&quot; beyond the cramped gym with very poor exercise equipment, and into a musty smelling elevator with a loud level bell. We finally enter the lobby proper and are greeted with a curt gentleman who promptly checks us in.10:10pm - After a trip in another musty elevator, we walk down the hallway and just beyond another elevator, we find our room. Here's my criticism after staying in it one night:1. It was a bit on the small size (even for San Francisco), but better in size than other rooms I've been in. It was worse in all other respects. 2. The shower/sink water never got beyond warm, the bathroom was cramped, top bedspread looked stained - we just moved it off the bed though.3. The window treatments (covering a view of another building - again though, not a big deal in SF) were worn.4. The television image and sound cut out when you walked near it.5. I felt itchy just walking into the room. I'm glad we didn't get the bedbugs room that a previous reviewer got! 6. The air conditioning unit blew directly onto the bed - which led to me feeling too cold or, when the AC turned off, too hot. The AC also clicked a bit when turning on and off.7. The more annoying sound was the elevator bell going off every time it passed our floor - think of the sound a service bell makes going on right outside a normal (not sound proof or anything) door. There was also a tenant or employee in the room above us STOMPING up and down on the floor every five minutes (as though they were passing back and forth to the bathroom or otherwise pacing). Having seen a few of the hotel's clients, I would think that drugs may have had some influence in our upstairs neighbor's behavior. After checking with the front desk, they politely but firmly said they could not move us to any other room or do anything else to help us.12:00am - I knew I wasn't going to get good sleep, but felt stuck in the hotel that night. I went online and began looking for places to stay the following day - I could not have survived another night.9:00am (the next day) - The vagrants were largely gone the next morning (thought I drove by the next night and they had returned). I told the front desk that we were checking out early and the employee already seemed to know we were going too. Instead of asking what he could do to help, he simply referred us to hotwire.com for a refund. BOTTOM LINE: If I had booked a $50/night one star hotel, I would have been satisfied. This place felt like a hostel with private rooms. I'm a frequent traveler and would have preferred to stay in a roadside motel - this place had bad vibes. For Hotwire.com and this hotel to charge over $100/night for this supposed two star hotel is an outrage. After sending my complaint to Hotwire and requesting a refund of the two nights I did not stay, they said they would take 5-7 days to investigate the matter and get back to me. 24 hours later they responded, but with a generic $50 credit on my next booking. They did not address any of the specific complaints that I provided above and obviously didn't take the time to investigate it. I am very disappointed in their service and obviously more disappointed in my stay at this hotel. The hotel could take some simple steps to improve the experience - disabling the elevator bell and hiring a security guard would have gone a long way. Until they do, don't stay here and think twice before booking through hotwire.com. I feel their ratings and prices are misguided at best - and greedily designed at worst.	
Oct 12 2009 	Delightful slightly off center place to stay	I love to stay in old hotels that have a little personality left in them. The Opal fits that bill perfectly. The decor was not modern by any means but serviceable and tasteful. Rooms were large and comfortable but ours could have used a table and couple of chairs under the window. Lots of Foreign guests which added to the ambiance.The location was outstanding. I did not want to rent a car since we wanted to see what San Francisco had to offer. We were there six days and visited most of the suggested sites easily. The main bus route was right out the front door and cable cars were four blocks away. We got everywhere we wanted to go quickly and easily, from 8 am until after 11 pm. Tommy's, the restaurant across the street, should not be missed and Mel's Dinner is right next door. A light breakfast was available each day, which filled the need for coffee and toast but not much else. We started there about half the days we stayed.For a central location, a non-cookie cutter experience, very helpful staff, and good food immediately available. I strongly endorse the Opal. On top of everything, it was less than $80 bucks a night.	
Sep 21 2009 	Value for money	Spent our last night in the Opal before returning to England. We thought for $99 inc Tax it offered value for money. The complementary breakfast was varied and more than expected. Friendly &amp; helpful staff. Free coffee in lounge area all day &amp; free Wi-Fi. We would stop here again and we did not encounter any bed bugs.	
Sep 18 2009 	Convenient locaton	We stayed there in August. The room is ok nothing fancy but the space is ok to put your baggages, bathroom with old-fashioned light bulbs but it's clean though. However, there was a one day we came back from outside, the room door was not closed. It's probaby from the cleaning person who didn't close the door good, he/she also open the window wide and there were several flies flew into the room! Yuck! We checked our belongings and everything was still there. Fortunately our room was at the end of the hallway and probably nobody noticed the door is open.The breakfast is basic but good for the start of day. Bread, Bagels, butter, jam, cereals, juice, fruits. The lady there is very good taking care of the breakfast area and cleaning up when she sees people spilt the coffee and fill up the bread and coffee very quick.	
Sep 13 2009 	Terrific value and good location.	True the rooms are somewhat small. You need to remember the hotel was built in 1908 not 2009. There was a lot less furniture and items in a hotel room in those days. In our opinion the hotel was beautifully restored. Our room was very comfortable and practical. Everyone that we had contact with from the front desk to several service people were very friendly and helpful. Yes you do pay for parking. The hotel offers a substantial discount if you have AAA. You need to remember San Francisco is a large city and parking is at a premium so plan it in your budget. I honestly can not say enough good things about the hotel. We definatley plan on staying there on future trips to and through the bay area.	
Sep 6 2009 	Dirty smelly rooms in bad location	upon our arrival at &quot;The Opal&quot; we immediately noticed, what appeared to be, prostitutes, drug dealers and pretty scary surroundings. When we checked in, parking was more than stated online, , the room we booked in advanced was for two double beds....when we reached our room, which was like going through a maze, even the housekeeper had a hard time finding it, we entered a room with one king sized bed. We called the front desk, and they said we had booked a king....and didn't have another room, but offered a roll away bed....the room was small and so claustrophobic, I don't know how they could get a rollaway bed in there. The room had one small corner window with the view of the air conditioner ducts and excape routes which were filthy, and the room smelled like pee and musty carpets. As we sat on the bed, we immediately started to itch...we decided that it was time to go! Don't let the nice lobby fool you, its pretty scary. We were offered no refund, Then we left their also scary parking lot and were greeted again, with the obvious prostitutes and drug dealers which I would have felt safer with,	
Sep 5 2009 	A Very Pleasant Stay	First impression of the hotel was very good. The front desk staff were very helpful and pleasant every time I spoke with them. My room was quiet, clean and spacious. The bed was very comfortable. Although there were a few homeless people on the street nearby, they caused me no problems. Mel's Diner next door, provided good value food for the one evening meal I had there. I would recommend The Opal to anyone visiting San Francisco.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great for location friendly staff excelent value	I live in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, where I manage a small hotel together with my wife. Everytime we travel, we try to find a similar situation in price, location and services. The Opal was a very good option , which we visited before when we it was named La Quinta. We really enjoyied our stay, and strongly recommend this place to all the ones who like to sleep in a comfortable room, clean and safe, after a large day in the Bay. You can get really tired in San Francisco! But when the italian Carlo, the mexican concierge and most of the others will smile you when back, you will feel at home. A large crowd of young italians were asking for Carlo, the manager, who was always ready to help and repeat the whattodoes, while the breakfast resisted the assault of an important number of international and national guests afraid of spending few dollars of the budget before noon... A good internet access was available at no cost in the room, like the cable Tv and the big and clean bathroom. I could have been happier with an in room safe and/or a fridge, instead of the iron facilities we gently ignored. Al together, I would highly recommend this great hotel and thank the staff for their friendly help!	
Aug 30 2009 	Great value great location	Trip was Aug. 14th - 16th. Do not drive in SF. My fiance came in through SFO via the BART. Best way to go. The Civic Center station was not far from the hotel. A nice walk by the City Hall building. Felt safe at night on Van Ness. I checked in earlier that day. Lots of foreign tourists. I asked for a quiet room with Carlo. Carlo gave me a room on the 5th floor in the back. It ended up being too noisy because it was right across from an elevator. I went down and tried for another room with another front desk clerk which I was given a room on the 2nd floor. I believe it was room 208. It was an inner room facing Myrtle Street. Very nice. I liked this room much better. Very roomy. Comfortable bed. Checked the sheets, very clean. Toiletries included a packet of shampoo and lotion and one small bar of soap. Ice machine was on the 3rd floor. Plastic cups. Double pane windows kept street traffic at bay. TV worked fine. Didn't try the internet. Mel's Diner on corner (street level). Deluxe Continental breakfast was mostly bread items and some fruit. Great weekend. Kept luggage with them after checkout. Hotel not far from California cable car line. Must buy a City Pass if seeing the sights. The 7-day MUNI pass in it was worth the price alone. Didn't know about any bed bug stories until I got back. Saw the reports. We had none. Our room was just fine and a great value, especially in SF on a weekend. Would stay there again and would recommend it to others.	
Aug 21 2009 	clean 	Centrally located on a major road through the city, The Opal was clean and comfortable and reserving online made the hotel a good deal. However, housekeeping was very stingy with amenities like shampoo and soap...we had to ask more than once, and the quality of them was mediocre. Ceramic cups and glasses in the rooms instead of paper/plastic would have been a huge improvement (and probably save the hotel money and the planet's landfills over time). The beds were quite comfy and nicely appointed with linens. Desk staff helpfulness was inconsistent - some of them were snooty &amp; not terribly helpful, some of them were really great and eager to make suggestions and give directions. Parking in the back was convenient and secure, &amp; needs to be in this neighborhood. The lobby very nicely renovated, and although the complimentary breakfast was good, it was extremely crowded and disorganized. Overall, though, for the price, we would stay there again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Worst hotel experience - severe case of bed bugs	I have been severely bitten by bed bugs, which resulted from my stay at the Opal Hotel. I am under a doctors care and my house has been professionally exterminated as a result. (due to fear of bringing them back in my suitcase, etc.). The day I checked in I witnessed a guest complaining to Carlo (the person that checked me in) that she and her husband had several bites over their body. Carlo insisted they were from the hotel's parking garage. I did not think much of it at the time as I did not have a car and was not going to be in the hotel garage. When I woke up with bed bug bites over my entire body, I spoke with Carlo (I was told he was a manager). At check in, I had no bites or welts on any part of my body. When I confronted him after sleeping at the hotel (my face, neck and arms were visibly bitten with large welts), he became very defensive and abrupt. He immediately stated 'we know how to check for bed bugs and we will let you know if they are in your room'. I was shocked. At the very least I expected he would recommend moving me to another room. When he did not, I begged him to move me to another room. He continued to refuse until he checked out my room. I knew that I could not leave my belongings in the room. I went upstairs to retrieve my suitcase, etc. and found Monica the housekeeper and a houseman 'tearing the room apart'. They even had taken the head board off the wall. As I walked in the room, Monica looked at me and her immediate response was &quot;I have to get you out of here'. She instructed the houseman to start packing my belongings. That evening I returned to the hotel and was told by a Desk Agent that I was moved to another room. He admitted to my sister and me that he had been bitten severely by bed bugs, since working at the Hotel Opal, and he had more bites than me.FYI, my doctor counted 70 bites on my right arm, 23 on my forehead, 18 on my head, over 20 on my buttocks, several on my legs and back. It has been three weeks and I am still healing. I have ongoing histimic reactions to the bites. The worst part is there is nothing a person can do, but take antihistimine (very bad for the liver) and keep covered in ointments. Please be warned that you are endangering yourself and/ or friends. This is a very serious issue.	
Aug 8 2009	Comfy Cozy and good location	We spent 4 nights here in early August 2009 with a group tour from France. The staff were on their toes and very helpful. The lobby is tastefully decorated and well appointed - a comfortable place to &quot;chill out&quot;. ATM right behind the lobby as well as a laundry room, which can come in very handy. Wifi in the lobby area. Coffee/tea bar tastefully hidden in a little nook in the lobby. Our room was clean and comfortable, featured high-speed internet connection (with RJ45 plug). The breakfast buffet was more than adequate (bread, bagels, raisin bread + big toasters), but closes at 9am. Unfortunately, this means that by 8:30am there's nothing much left to eat. Do as we did, gather up your courage and go downstairs before 8am, fix your breakfast and take it back to your room! We saw lots of people doing this...If you miss your breakfast, there's always the diner next door (with a direct access from the lobby), or a bakery a block away from the hotel (exit right, leaving the hotel), with a huge array of donuts and hot breakfasts (eggs, bacon, pancakes). HOWEVER. Please do be careful with the homeless people in the area. Our tour guide had her suitcase stolen from the sidewalk in front of the hotel - but managed to get it back with the help of 3 guys from our group and a small &quot;tip&quot; to the homeless guy. This seems to be a recurrent problem in the area as there is a homeless shelter 1-2 blocks away from the hotel. Nothing to freak out over - just don't leave any bags unattended.Convenient location. MUNI (bus) in front of the hotel - and on both streets north and south of the hotel. Get a 1 or 3 day pass and a map. I read the comment from a previous blog about &quot;bed bug&quot; problem and was very concerned about this. I checked the Bed Bugs Registry (www.bedbugregistry.com). This hotel is indeed on the list, as are most of the hotels in the area. I'm happy to say that neither we nor anyone else in our group of 41 experienced a bed bug problem.Overall, the hotel was much better than expected.	
Aug 4 2009 	a Liiitle better than what you pay for	The area is not the BEST, but not the worst. It's right in between a nice neighborhood (Nob Hill) and a bad neighborhood (Tenderloin) - we were told by a local is called TenderNob. The hallways were a little musty, but the room was fresh and clean. Staff was helpful, breakfast was cereal, toast, and bagels. Bed was a little lumpy and old, BUT clean and fresh, room was quiet. Overall, I can't complain - I paid less than $100 to be right in San Fran.	
Aug 3 2009 	Bed Bugs....... be ware	I just want all who seek info on this establishment that I have had medical attention after I checked out due to bed bug bites on my head and both writs. They were not bad but none the less they were bed bug bites	
Jul 30 2009 	Bed Bugs!	Thanks to the Opal my husband and I have now brought bed bugs into our house. It has been a very stressful and costly lesson to us. Please be aware of the risks of bed bugs when staying at the Opal.	
Jul 15 2009 	Just Perfect!	The Hotel is perfect. Good service, Clean, close to restaurants and Safe at night! I recommend this hotel.	
Jul 7 2009 	I love it!!	Stayed here for only a night in July 1. I've got great rate from expedia since I've got 20 pounds discount voucher. Got checked-in early at 11.30 in the morning and the staffs were quick to register me. One of them gave me a map of the city right away and marked down where the hotel is.I got the room 205 which was quite comfort . Bed was comfort with 4 pillows. Sheet was soft. They provided a small coffee machine in my room, too. Bathroom was nice and quite big with a hairdryer and bathtub. However, no fridge (which I didn't want one, anyway).They have a diner next to the hotel which was typical American diner. I had a supper there which was nice, too. Breakfast was free and served in the room next to the lobby. It was only pastries, cereal, fruits and coffee. However, raisin breads was good!!! They also have a nice, little coffee corner in the lobby which you can have it anytime you want to. The hotel got free Wi-Fi in the lobby and wired free internet in room. However, I stayed at the 2nd floor and can use free Wi-Fi in my room.The location was great. You can take MUNI bus no. 47 to Fisherman's Wharf as well as no. 38 to downtown. Bus no. 49 will connect you to 16th. and Mission BART station which connect you to SFO.Overall, I love this hotel. For my one night stay, I didn't find any bad sides of it.	
May 28 2009 	better than expected	Note: the ratings should be 3.5, but I rounded up. Basically this was our only choice through my sister's points to get 2 suite rooms for 3 nights (for free) in san fran. I normally try to get 4 star hotels through priceline or vacation pkg deals like expedia. The suite rooms are bigger than the standard in that there is a sofa and coffee table. This &quot;living room&quot; area is not separated from the 2 beds. It's just 1 bigger room. There's a Mel's Drive-In attached next to the hotel. My sister ate there and said it was just okay, but note she's not that crazy about greasy food. Everything was to expectations for a 3 star hotel. The windows are double paned (soundproof?). We opened the window in both the room and bathroom because the weather was so nice, but since our windows faced the back/parking lot, sometimes you could smell the cigarette smoke outside below. The hotel does provide complimentary internet. Our room also had the flat screen LCD tv. You can hear people talking as they pass your door through the hallway, but that is to be expected. They do have a laundry room with 1 washer and 1 dryer across from the fitness room. There seems to be only 1 elevator by the front but we took the stairs once we discovered them since our room was on the very next floor. If you want to rent a car, there's an enterprise nearby, 1133 Van Ness Ave, but you can easily travel on the public transportation. I used this website: http://tripplanner.transit.511.org/mtc/XSLT_TRIP_REQUEST2?language=en to map out the bus routes. The bus stops themselves have a digital sign that shows how many minutes the next bus will arrive. We also took the BART to/from the SFO airport (www.bart.gov) - it's only $5.35 one way. You get off at the civic center. Then it's less than a mile to the hotel (12-15 min walk). Larkin street is very closeby and has a lot of vietnamese restaurants (5 min walk). Took the bus to the restaurant Thanh Long for their famous garlic noodles and roast crab.	
May 17 2009 	The Opal is perfect!	My husband and I stayed at the Opal a year or so ago. We had such a good time there that we wanted to sell our house and move there. The staff had a wine night for guests on the Wednesday we arrived and we drank wonderful California wines while listening to music. Our room was fantastic. Huge comfortable bed and a clean bathroom, stocked w/ lotion, soaps and shampoo. And lots of towels. The bed had extra pillows too.Staff was so helpful. Told us about restaurants, gave us walking directions, pointed us to great shopping and really potent drinks. The hotel is right across from an Enterprise Car Rental, so we were able to get a great deal on a car to go to Sausalito, where we drank more free wine. We were told that next time to book directly w/ the hotel-they will beat any price you find on-line.Oh yes, we had tons of fresh fruit every morning. They even opened the room early, so we could take cereal and fruit to the airport, since we were leaving before 4AM. They also set us up w/ shuttle service to the airport and got us a discount.When we go back and we will, it's always going to be The Opal for us. Why mess w/ success.	
Apr 19 2009 	everything I needed/wanted in a hotel	I've read several reviews on various resorts/hotels/destinations, and this is my first review. I realize these reviews are as much about the reviewer as they are about the destination, so a bit about me (I'll try not to sound like a personal ad): I'm Canadian (born and raised and live in Toronto downtown)I'm a 30 y/o male who is really active in working out, sports, etc. I have travelled quite a bit and stayed at luxury as well as not-so-luxury hotels.Having said that, I have read reviews in the past where people complain about a crack they found in a tile or a stain on the carpet of the hotel. My advice to these people: you are spending too much time in your hotel, get outside.I chose this hotel based on the price, as this was my first time in San Francisco and I did hear that its location is close to the Tenderloin district, but I'll give you some tips later on for dealing with that. STAFFCourteous and check in/out was quick. They greeted me every morning and &quot;Francisco&quot; checked me in and pointed out all the ammenities in the hotel. Every time I had a question, the person at the front desk was very helpful. I have stayed at hotels before and spent five times as much $ on my stay and not received the same warm and personal service as the staff at the Opal. Great job. ROOMMy room had a bed and I was happy. Ok, for those who want to hear about all the &quot;extras&quot;, my room also had a t.v, a dresser, a desk, a huge walk in closet, a clean bathroom with a shower stall (no tub). The views were of the street from the bedroom and in the bathroom the view was a brick wall ( which I enjoyed for privacy and also allowed for fresh air). I also had a coffee maker which I used twice. If you're looking for mints left on your pillow and turn down service- stay at the Ritz. INTERNETAwesome. Just plugged in my laptop and was up and running in 2 minutes. This is completely free and was very much appreciated - thank you.BREAKFASTAmazing. Something small, but I noticed: the person stocking the breakfast condiments was extremely effecient. In fact, the cream cheese basket seemed to always have 50 or so little cream cheese packages. Every time I took a few, she would replenish them. Good job. As for the breakfast itself - perfect start to the day. Coffee/Juice/Tea, Cereals, fresh bagels (very good), you can toast your bread/bagels and there are about 8 or so toasters so I didnt have to wait. Just one complaint (but I always complain about this) is that the cups for the juice and coffee were too tiny for me. I drink too much, I know. Actually I ended up bringing my own starbucks cups (venti) to fill up on juice and coffee much the the discerning looks of some of the foreign guests. Its either that or get up every 2 minutes to re-fill , so don't judge me. Some ADVICE: Get there early - it opens at 6:30, if you're like me and like to be in and out quickly. I found people just hanging around talking in front of the toaster and not using them, which I found a bit annoying, so I gave them a discerning look and they seemed to get it. :)LOCATIONSo, the majority of the negative reviews talk about the location. Here is the double edged sword. The hotel is close to everything - very good location in that respect. Not right downtown so to speak, but quite close to it. However, it boarders on Tenderloin - which is our equivalent to Gerrard/Jarvis area in Toronto. A lot of you have complained about the homeless people and sketchy characters and I thought to myself before I arrived &quot;whatever, I live in Toronto, I can handle it&quot;. Here is the thing (bear in mind I loved San Francisco) but San Francisco has a homeless problem. Sorry, but true. The only other comparable city to this would be Paris where homeless kids and breastfeeding mothers line on some of the most exclusive Paris streets. Ok, now that thats over with, know that I totally had an amazing time in San Francisco, but I wanted to call this out to say that it is not this hotel's fault that the city has more homeless people in it, therefore an area like Tenderloin will just have &quot;more&quot; homeless people. I did walk up and down Geary street (street next to Opal) without incident other than being asked for change, however I dont think I'd do it at night with shopping bags, etc. I have a tip though, and you'll thank me for it. Walk east just a bit - past Geary, and you'll be in Nob Hill area - expensive homes, nice area. You will soon be at one of the following streets: Sutter will lead you right to Union Square walk down there for 10 minutes and you'll be in the best shopping district. Bush street and California will lead you right to Financial District and China Town, again in 10 minutes. Or you can walk down Bush and once you get down far enough, you can come back toward Geary and end up at Union Square (if you're concerned about avoiding Tenderloin, this is your best route).Take a cable car on California Street to downtown (after you get a Starbucks around Van Ness and California) - trust me on this one...the cable car will not have any tourists - only local San Fran's and you. You will have a view of the whole city for a 10 minute ride which you 'll never forget. MEL's DINERI can't not mention this great little Diner next door (yes its also attached, but get outside and enter through the main entrance). It stays open late and is open early and I dont usually eat any fast food or greasy stuff, but I could not resist and every meal I got here was superb and well prepared. Staff was great too. Hope you found this review helpful. Not all travellers are alike, so if you're like me you'll have a great time here.San Francisco is an amazing city and I met a lot of people (locals, not other tourists). I'm the type who doesnt like to necessarily socialize with my fellow hotel patrons (the less time I spend in a hotel, the better), so I prefer getting in with the people who actually live in the city, which makes all the difference for me. However, for the time I did spend in the hotel it was great - everything I wanted for an enjoyable trip. I'd reccommend this hotel, yes. You won't have luxury, but for the money, this hotel is well worth it.	
Apr 10 2009 	great value nice rooms	I booked this on priceline for about $80 a night and was nearly double what the other hotel was i originally booked but much more well worth the stay here. Front desk is curtious and nice wouldve scored a higher service but i didnt really talk to them much. Rooms were large and CLEAN and the bed was a comfy queen sized bed. Right off Van Ness and Geary you are close to city hall and the neighborhood isnt quite as bad as it can be in SF(bum central in some locations). Just dont walk alone in dark alleyways which if your smart i shouldnt even need to tell you. SF is a great town and take advantage of this nice comfy botique hotel thats half the price of you staying at a chain hotel with a smaller room. Free wifi as well.	
Apr 2 2009 	Great location but another weird Hotwire experience	I booked through Hotwire and then read the reviews on this site and tried unsuccessfully to get out of my reservation because of the bait and switch mentioned below. Additionally, though it's on Hotwire as a 3-star, it's on Expedia as a 2.5 star and La Quinta, which is what it was, is usually a 2-star, so I had serious doubts going in. These doubts were increased when I called the Opal to make sure I could get a double/double room. Before I called, I looked the hotel up on Expedia and on their website to see if a room with double beds was available for our midweek stay. Both sites said that there was availability. However, when I called to request one of these double rooms I spoke with Bradley, who told me that he couldn't put me in a double room because it was a convention week and they were full and the only thing he had available was the single King bed room that I &quot;had reserved&quot;. Well, I had reserved a room with enough beds for one adult and one child, but in common hotel parlance that doesn't usually mean one bed, it means two. I pointed out that I was travelling with my son, and that I needed two beds, and that Expedia showed that the hotel had them available. There was silence on the other end of the line, then Bradley said &quot;OK, I've got you in a double room after moving some people around.&quot; Then he hung up. I fully expected to have to fight with someone when I got there after all this. However, I checked in with Carlo, who was perfectly reasonable and friendly. The room was small, and had a brick-wall view, but it was clean and had two beds. No bathtub, just a shower. No bath products to speak of, just a bar of soap and a ketchup-packet sized shampoo and conditioner (for two people for a 4 night stay- better bring your own!) The great thing about this hotel is that it is located at Geary and Van Ness. It's 2 blocks to Kintetsu Mall in Japantown, surrounded by good restaurants, 5 blocks to the end of the California street cable car line or the civic center. It is secure in an area that often isn't- the lobby doors can only be opened by someone with a room key or the desk staff. Our room was pretty quiet. The continental breakfast consisted of juice, coffee, toast or cereal and on at least one day the doors were closed before the advertised time of 9:30. Our in-room internet service didn't work (through a cat 5 cable) but I did see people using the wireless in the lobby. I had no problems with the hotel after the reservation weirdness and it seemed to be filled with world travellers- I heard more German and Arabic and French spoken in the lobby than English, which was wonderful, and one of the reasons I visit San Fran. I would recommend it, but I wouldn't use Hotwire to stay there again. Their normal rates are cheap enough not to have to, and the benefits of cleanliness and a great location truly outweigh the aggravation.	
Mar 31 2009 	right downtown!	This place has a very decent location - about 4 blocks from a cable car and near many buslines. 3 buslines right outside door go up van ness ave (fisherman's wharf). Service was a little weird. we booked a suite and got a very attractive room with a small living room separated by a french door. very nice! however, we weren't told that the door can only be opened from the bedroom side, and locked ourselves out. it took an hour for the first maintenance guy to come up and tell us he didnt have a key, and another 45 minutes for them to decide to break off the handle with a chisel and screwdriver. how does a hotel NOT have a key to one of their rooms?! in a suite?! The room was great however, very clean with comfortable beds and the hotel had a very upscale atmosphere. all in all, a decent place in the middle of the action. not a bad value for the quality of the hotel and the location.	
Mar 23 2009 	NYC Hula Girl in SF	Great value, great location, highly recommended! On arrival, I needed to change reservations from a king to double beds, high floor, QUIET room away from the street activity. Amelie at the front desk was very helpful with the room and informative about our other travel needs. The room (329) was a fair size for two people, TV, DSL internet, full bath, clean. There is also a small fitness room with four machines: elliptical, tread mill, stair master, bicycle. Coffee is self-serve all day in the lobby. The Opal Inn is four blocks from the California/Van Ness Cable Car, near all buses and streetcars, above Mel's Drive In for great American Diner food and next to the AMC movie theater. Many choices for food nearby. I recommend Swan's Oyster Depot, Post Street/ California Street: fresh seafood, friendly local restaurant, delicious. Enjoy San Francisco and get a good nights' sleep at the comfortable Opal Inn.	
Mar 8 2009 	Good Location - Noise Problem For Older People	Stayed at the Opal as part of a fly drive holiday from the UK so cannot comment on value for money. As other reviewers have said, this is an older hotel and the rooms are accordingly not up to modern standards and the smallest we stayed at in the USA. The lifts are also very small. We had to use the car park which from memory cost about $28 a night in 2007. We had the breakfast which was adequate but did not really use any of the other facilities. There was a major problem for us - we are (very active) retired - with Mel's Diner which forms part of the ground floor of the hotel. We were there on a weekend and loud music played from Mel's Diner until 4.a.m. The hotel staff did ask for the music to be turned down at our request but it was not. Our room was on the second floor. Beware, unless you want to join in the fun. On the plus side the reception manager waived our car parking charges in view of our lack of sleep caused by the noise and the staff were all friendly enough. Also on the plus side, the Opal is an easy bus ride from Fisherman's Wharf and other sights. You can buy a pass for SF buses and trams from another hotel across the road (reception advised us of this). There is also an old fashioned bar/diner across the road called Tommys Joynt which has an amazing choice of beers and very cheap, but good, food for those on a budget. We had no problems with walking in the immediate area and enjoyed our stay in SF despite the noise problem at the Opal.	
Mar 4 2009 	If you want breakfast bring your own	On business trips I choose a hotel that has a breakfast to save time.The Opal advertises breakfast but when I arrived I was told they were out of milk, cereal, and that these things - which were the only options - would not be replenished as they only had so much each day.So dont start your day here - go to MacDonalds!	
Mar 3 2009 	Location was Great for The Fillmore; Corner Room was BIG; GREAT VALUE!	The title says it all - the location is perfect to see a show at The Fillmore, the room we got was nice and big and clean, and the price was terrific. Be sure to show your AAA card!Also, it's a nice place and they take dogs. The parking is convienent too.	
Feb 9 2009 	Great price on special but...	The Opal is one of those places you hate to love. During Jan and Feb, it is possible to great some really great deals with AAA rates directly from the hotel's website (really great means &lt;$50/night). I've stayed there a few times now, using the hotel as a place to camp for the night after a night out with friends in SF.The rooms are adequate to nice (it looks like they refurbished some, but not all). The beds are comfortable enough and the bathrooms are fine (you might want to provide your own toiletries, but they do provide soap and shampoo). The rooms are fairly clean (the only exception seems to be an occasional stain on the carpet).My only negative about the hotel is that the walls are thin as parchment. If your neighbors make any noise, you hear it. I don't care, except while I'm trying to sleep. If you're lucky and get quiet neighbors, then the hotel is great. If you get noisy neighbors, well... The windows are doubled so there is little street noise, it's just the room-to-room noise that bothers me.The location is pretty good. Mel's diner next door (if you like that sort of food). Walking distance to the Civic Center (symphony hall, opera house, city hall, asian museum). You could walk to Union Square, too, but it's a bit of a hike through some marginal neighborhoods.	
Feb 2 2009 	Loved the location	I just got back to Washington state from a long tour in Afghanistan with the armed forces and was looking for a good place to get away with my wife. Before booking I read many reviews on the surrounding hotels in the bay area. I really like the reviews that the Opal Hotel received and we were not disappointed. The location is in the heart of S.F. Many attractions in this central location and off the tourist path. We were going to rent a car but found the metro to be eaiser and cheaper. The metro's are clean easy to navigate around the city. If you need a car though, Enterprise is right across the street. The hotel itself is very beautiful and cost effective. Mel's Drive-in Diner (not really a drive-in, just a 60's theme) is on the street level and there is a door in the lobby that leads into it. Prices are very inexpensive. The windows in the room are double pane so you don't get the outside noise (i.e. vehicles, people, etc.). We opted to spend a little more for our room and booked the 200 sq ft which we were very happy with. The bathroom was very spacious and there were lots of outlets in the room for all our electronic gadgets. Free high speed internet in the room, just plug in and surf. Room was very clean and housekeeping personnel were very friendly and kept the room well stocked. Special kudos to Joel at the frontdesk who helped us with sites to see (in addition to what we already booked), allowing us to check in early and check out late. He was very professional and friendly. We have already spoken to several of our friends and recommend this hotel to stay at. Great job to all the staff and keep up the outstanding work.	
Feb 2 2009 	Good value for San Frnacisco but be aware of the surroundings	I would generally recommend this hotel to younger travelers, since it’s a good value (I stayed for $69 per night). However, be aware of the seedy part of the city just south east of the hotel. The number of homeless people exceeded all my expectations. Avoid walking to and from the nearest BART station for the same reason, unless you stay on Van Ness. I didn’t feel particularly threatened, but was not all too comfortable either. My room and bathroom were somewhat small and I felt claustrophobic.	
Jan 26 2009 	Good stay in San Fran	I just visited The Opal and was a little nervous since it was my first time in San Francisco and reviews were mixed. But overall my stay was very pleasant. I was there for 4 days and the staff was actually very helpful and nice. They gave my fiance and I great advice on places to visit and where to eat and how to get around. The hotel itself I would say is pretty centrally located. You can get around easily in San Francisco so its really not far from anything. We took the BART train from the airport and got off at Civic center. We were having issues getting a cab and didn't know the bus system, so I pulled out my Iphone and used my GPS to walk to the property which was only about a 7-10 minute walk.  The rooms were ok...I stayed in room 210. I think they were pretty nice for the price. Clean rooms, comfortable bed, clean bathroom...not bad at all. The hotel has been around for awhile so you can tell its an older building but its well renovated and that oldness brings charm. There is free breakfast in the morning but its pretty scarce...just bagels, toast, and coffee but there is a restaurant attached to the hotel and the next block up is a 24 hour pastry /breakfast place that is pretty affordable. You do have to pay $28-30 for parking but we didn't bring a car.  So overall great place to stay in San Fran...when we go back to San Francisco we will definitely stay there again because its affordable, centrally located, and clean. Hope this helps:-)	
Jan 7 2009 	The WORST hotel I have stayed in	I booked this hotel through Hotwire. It has to be the worst hotel I have stayed in. The room had large stains on the carpet. The staff was not very friendly. I would not stay here again.	
Jan 6 2009	Opal is pretty Opulent	The Opal Hotel was a pleasant place to spend a romantic getaway, given the fact you have to get through a few challenges: parking (if you choose to, you can park inside their secure parking lot for almost $30.00 per day).Then, once you get to the lobby, it is pretty and classic on the inside. The room we were given was very comfy and and accomodating. By that I mean the comforter was soft, the pillows were top grade, and every aspect of the hotel room was positive.The only drawbacks were the 'stuffy&quot;smell of the lobby, and long wait for the elevators, and the parking. The sidestreets next to the Opal were, as I was told, &quot; full of shady characters&quot; so be prepared to take a taxi to get to union square !	
Dec 29 2008 	Opal - cheap and budget - style rooms through hotwire	We booked through hotwire - as a 3 star hotel in Japan town. When we first arrived we got a smoking room accessed outside, 1 star motel room. Travelling with a young child, we insisted on a non smoking room. They couldn't accommodate as the hotel is full - but provided a air purifier. The next day, I requested again for a non smoking room, and luck was with us, we were upgraded to a non smoking suite. It is fantastic. The lesson learnt re Opal - they have different standard rooms depending on your luck - the suite is fantastic, but the other room is shocking.- don't book through hotwire for Opal rooms as you will get a cheap, budget, 1 star room.	
Dec 27 2008 	Hmmm....cheap I guess!	This hotel is very well located with just a short walk to all the main attractions in the center of San Fran'. The rate is really cheap for a city hotel and when you get to your room you see why. We were told we had been upgraded but our room was really small for a family of four. Two double beds and that was pretty much it, no space for anything else. The room was clean, but was very old and shabby feeling, the same with the bathroom. Mel's diner, right next door, was great. This hotel does border the Tenderloin but we did not experience any problems, our cab driver was saying that its very rare for tourists to experience crime in the city, unless you are walking around a bad area at 4am or something like that. Overall, if you are in San Fran on a very tight budget I would recommend staying at this hotel, if you can afford to pay a little more, I would suggest you look at other options. I will probably look elsewhere next time.	
Dec 25 2008 	Shabby rooms bait-n-switch tactics	Booked a non-smoking room a week prior to my stay yet was given a smoking room upon arrival. They re-sold my room due to the fact I arrived at 2am for booking. The rooms are located in a maze of run down hallways and corridors which of course lead to the outside shabby smoking rooms. The best part of the hotel is the central location within the city and Mel's Diner downstairs. Other than that the parking was hard to find, expensive ($29/night) considering you are staying at the hotel already, and AAA discounts were not applied to any of the prices.All in all I know, due to the experience at The Opal, I will never book hotels with any other company other than reputable companies such as Hilton and the like. I've stayed at Hilton Embassy suites, Hilton Grand Vacations, Hilton Homewood Suites and all of these subsets of Hilton stick to their billing and don't take advantage of their customers the way the little no-namers tend to do. Stick with the real Hotels and you will be happy, try the little guys and you are surely to come away with a mediocre experience to the say the least.	
Dec 23 2008 	Great San Francisco property	After a business trip my husband joined me in San Francisco. It was a pre-Christmas present for him as he'd never been in the city before, and I wanted a hotel that represented the local flavor. I got an excellent deal at the hotel's webpage, and even though the reviews were mixed, I chose it because of the location, the breakfast and the fact that it was an old building. The room we got was in a pristine state, very cozy and warm. Brad, the nice gentleman at the Front Desk, was very friendly and very helpful. The dinner adjacent to the hotel was a life saver and when we asked for a bottle opener it was delivered to our room in less than 10 minutes. Although sometimes you could hear your neighbors, it was nothing disturbing. Parking was easy and inside the property, and yes, they charge $28/day but it is San Francisco. Both of us work for a hotel in San Diego, and were very pleased with the place and the staff. Would definitely go back there and recommend it to friends/family.	
Dec 12 2008 	Would NOT stay at the Opal next time	Booked with Hotwire. CLAIMED to be a 3 star hotel. I would not rate it more than a 1 star. The hotel is old and the hallways smell awful. The room is very small and the bathroom is very minimal - didn't even provide bath soap, a leaning chest for a closet. Parking is expensive.	
Dec 4 2008 	Comfortable stay	The room was very small for a deluxe room especially the bathroom. And since there wasn't any street parking available we had to pay $28.50 a night to park in their garage; therefore not saving any money by booking on line. The view from our window - the side of the next building. It was very clean and staff friendly but wouldn't stay again unless we fly down.	
Nov 19 2008 	good deal	got a room on the top floor.. got a good deal.. basic breakfast and kind of chemical smell in the room but it was clean and comfortable.. housekeeping staff did very good job also. good deal for what I paid and wanted..	
Nov 18 2008	Basic hotel central location	We booked this hotel on hotwire. It's definitely in the Tenderloin and that isn't going to be something every traveler wants to deal with. I was traveling with my inlaws who were a little unsettled by the dirty streets, homeless people, and general vibe of the area. I used to live in SF and live in a major city now, but like I said, that's not for everyone.That being said, it's centrally located - close to a bus line to the mission and a bus line to Union Square and into the Financial District.The rooms vary. We had two rooms - one really large and nice and the other quite a bit smaller. They were clean and basic.The breakfast offered is a great raisin nut bread, peanut butter, butter, jams, and cold cereal and some apples. Coffee is average. It's fine, but not something we used every morning. The gym has one treadmill, one stairmaster, and one elliptical trainer with a very basic set of free weights. Not a huge room either.Overall, a basic hotel in a city where hotels can get really pricey.	
Nov 14 2008 	Good for the money	We actually got a great rate directly thru the hotel web site. The beds are terribly uncomfortable but otherwise the room was pretty nice. It's an older hotel but well kept up. We were on the top floor which was very nice and quiet. Shower had great water pressure and plenty of hot water. Windows seem newer and kept out a lot of noise. It's not necessarily within walking distance of much though had a great little coffee/bagel place a couple doors down. I stayed here for the marathon and appreciated not being too close to the start line and away enough from the noise. I would recommend it to friends/family and would probably stay there again.	
Nov 1 2008 	Clean good location and excellent for the price-point hotel	We were looking for a hotel with proximity to downtown San Fran and a reasonable price-point. This one was a diamond in the rough. We have been to San Fran several times and stayed in different hotels, so we feel we can offer an experienced review of this hotel (and we felt compelled to give back to the TripAdvisor community -- commercial reviews &amp; corporate marketing gibberish is for the birds). We paid a bit more than normal, but it was a VERY busy weekend (June 7th/8th) in San Fran, so the availability was limited. However, for the price range, this is an excellent hotel. The rooms were surprisingly large, the hotel was charming, the staff friendly and the breakfast was decent. Everything you'd expect from a hotel in this price range.The only criticism we have (and it is minor) was with the way breakfast was setup. Likely not a problem under normal circumstances, but one morning there happened to be a couple tour-bus groups staying at the hotel, and the self-serve breakfast was not set up to accomodate such a large rush of people. In the future, it would be good if the hotel could open up some extra space or organize something separate for these tour-bus groups as it was quiet a chaotic scene. Regarding the location, don't be fooled by the fact that this hotel is close to a bad area (ie. Tenderloin). There are many good (and high-end) hotels bordering on the fringes of Tenderloin. The entrance and surrounding blocks to this hotel were completely clean and safe.We give hotel a &quot;pleasantly surprised&quot; and &quot;diamond in the ruff&quot; rating. We will definitely keep this hotel on our list of places to stay in San Fran.	
Oct 29 2008 	The Opal was Great	We stayed at the Opal Hotel during the Nike Women's 2008 Marathon and had a wonderful experience there. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The rooms were clean and much larger than we anticipated. We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 24 2008 	Reliable public bus service on doorstep and own bathroom !!	This hotel was the 4th one we stayed in on a month long trip to the US. We travel on a really tight budget and when I was doing my research for budget hotels in San francisco a lot of them stated that it was shared bathrooms. I am not prepared to share a bathroom with anyone , other than my husband, to save a few pounds !!!We took a shared van shuttle from the airport to the hotel and the driver took us through what I knew to be the Tenderloin district from my research. My husband was shocked and had a look of horror on his face, I told him not to worry as airlines use the hotel for crew so it can't be that bad and we did see several crew arriving and departing while we were there.We were greeted with a friendly smile and were checked in quickly. After the experience at the Vegas hotel I was just about to ask if a hold was going to be put on my credit card when the front desk girl told me they were going to put a hold of $550 DOLLARS on my card !!!!!! that was like a red rag to a bull. We had paid in full already for the hotel, I told them I wouldn't be using the phone, roomservice or any other offered facility and this was way too much. They agreed to drop the hold to $100 so we used our UK debit card for that as we wanted to use our credit card for any other purchases while there. We had a room on the 4th floor overlooking Geary street, noise from the traffic was minimal . There was one large king bed and was comfy though the sheets felt scratchy at first . The bathroom was tiny but had nice smelling lotion and shampoo and decent hairdryer. It was practical and had everything we needed for a 3 night stay. Complimentray breakfast was provided 6am-9am but we were never up early enough to catch it. Coffee was served in the lobby 24 hours from pump dispensers. Your room key acts as entrance key to lobby from the street .  Mel's diner attached to the hotel was great and we ate in there twice, it was very popular.Do try a milkshake , they were delicious. The number 47 bus stops outside the hotel and will take you to Fisherman's wharf for $1.50 . You can easily walk to Union square from the hotel. The hotel is situated in a flat area so walking from there is easy. Yes , there are several homeless /beggar types in the area but they did not worry us or make us feel threatened in anyway. We felt safe walking around at night as there were so many people about. We had no complaints about our stay there, for the money it was in a great location for us to see what we wanted in the short time we were there. the only negative was noise could be heard from the hallways when people were leaving their rooms, that is down to the lack of soundproofing in an old hotel which is to be expected.After this hotel we were off to an airport hotel to be close for our 7am flight back to the UK.	
Sep 2 2008 	Absolute Rubbish	Do yourself a favour, stay somewhere else. The staff are rude, the whole place is a badly laid out warren of corridors. Parking is tricky to get into and $29 per day. Room was badly laid out, shabby and the bathroom uninspiring to say the least. Bedlinen was grotty. The only upside is the location of Mel's Diner next door - otherwise not a great area. We decided to skip breakfast and hightailed it out of there asap. Never going back.	
Jun 27 2008 	Fantastic!	We loved the Opal! It was clean. VERY close to public transportation. Extremely helpful and pleasant desk staff. Tea and Coffee in lobby 24/7. Free internet! A perfectly adequate Continental Breakfast.Plenty of places nearby to eat.We were given an upgrade to a king bed, which was great. Our room had plenty of storage. Fellow travelers had a junior Suite that was really nice.There were homeless people in the area, but hey, it's a big city. I grew up in Philadelphia and this did not bother us in the least.We booked at the Opal website and obtained an AAA rate of $96 a night. Well worth it. We found the Opal to be a really nice experience and would stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Jun 17 2008 	Not worth the price	The hotel overcharged for our room in respect to what our reservation indicated. They do not pick up the phone timely. It takes several rings and/or tries to get someone to pick up. Parking is expensive (approx. $30) and difficult to get in and out of. Pet friendly, but called ahead to confirm and when we got there they said we had to stay in a smoking room due to the dog. If we had known that ahead of time (like when we initially called about it) we would have stayed somewhere else. Eventually we were able to switch rooms, but they failed to tell us that info ahead of time. Location is fairly close to Pier 39/etc, but we received below average service. The stay was not worth the price.	
Jun 3 2008 	Terrible Hotel	First off, the hotel said it wouldn't be charging our card at all when they ran it upon our arrival. Yet, immediately a $394 hold showed up on it. The second night of our stay, a $208 hold showed up on our card. Around $600 of pending debits that threw our debit card into an unexpected tizzy. We later found out that some of the charges were a $250 fee for smoking in a non-smoking room. We don't smoke!!!!! When we spoke to the manager we found out that housekeeping had &quot;busted&quot; us. Oddly enough, we had the Do Not Disturb sign on our door for the duration of our stay and housekeeping had never even been in our room. We finally got the manager to reverse the $250 fee but it was quite an ordeal. We left a bag full of souveneirs (spelling?) at the hotel. When we called to see if they found it and could send it to us, they said it was nowhere to be found. Being that we checked everywhere else, we wonder if housekeeping or the staff is now enjoying our expensive sweatshirts and trinkets. Also, the $28 a night parking fee is outrageous. They charge $25 and then a $3 tax. We didn't have time to do research on hotels since we booked it in a hurry BUT we have done research since then and other hotels do not have such outrageous parking fees. All in all, we will NEVER stay at this hotel again and we will warn everyone who listens to avoid it as well.	
May 13 2008 	Decent hotel in almost shady area	Based on the reviews I had seen on here, I was initially a bit afraid to stay here. However, I was not disappointed by my stay in any way.First off, Opal is an old hotel, so don't expect to be staying in the Hilton or anything like that.First impressions: The airport shuttle drove me straight to the hotel. The lobby is clean, and it appears that the hotel is well kept up. The front desk man who helped us was very nice, and answered all of our questions. He gave us a map and told us how to get to the places we wanted to go. So far, so good.The room: I walked in and was surprised at how large the bedroom was. Two queen sized (I think) beds for three of us, and more than enough room to stretch out. The room was clean, the sheets were clean, no problems there.The bathroom: This is where I usually worry the most, because this is normally the place where housekeepers neglect to clean as thoroughly as needed, and I've seen some reviews on here about that. But no problems there either. I always look for stray hairs on the floor, toilet, or sink, and didn't see any. It was clearly an old bathroom with an old tub, old sink... but by old, I don't mean unkept or kitsch. Just old-fashioned.Continental breakfast was fine. Just what you would expect - bagels, danishes, oranges, cereal. Nothing fancy, but nothing awful. It got us energized for the day.Location: On the edge of the Tenderloin district. Not the best part of town but not the worst. There were bums outside of the area at some points, but they were harmless and just asking for money. SF is a big city, and there are homeless people all over the big city, so that's just a risk you have to take if you're going to visit a large metropolis like this one. I did walk around a bit at night, but was cautious to stay in lit areas. I wouldn't recommend walking around too much just for the simple fact that again, it's a large city, and anything can happen, especially if you look like a dumb tourist.Close attractions: Not much in walking distance. Across the street is Tommy's, a bar that looked pretty busy every night I was there (4 nights). Mel's Diner is next door and part of the hotel, open 24 hours. It's just a greasy spoon, but if you're hungry and everything else is closed, it's not too shabby and the portions are huge. There is also a gym and an AMC theater on the block. I saw other restaurants, like a Persian restaurant, a bakery, a Quizno's down the block and a Thai restaurant, but didn't go into any of them.Transportation: Bus lines are very close to the hotel running north, south, east and west (Van Ness, Geary, and O'Farrell). you will have no trouble getting on these buses. very convenient. About 5 mins from Union Square. No more than 10-15 from any other tourist attraction.All in all, not a bad place. It won't exceed your expectations but if you value a convenient location and a decent stay, you won't be disappointed. The price isn't cheap, but it's the cheapest we could find close to the places we wanted to go without going to a dangerous area of town.	
Apr 27 2008 	I would stay there again	I booked this hotel 2 days before staying there and the only 2 double bed rooms left were smoking rooms. I booked it anyway because it was last minute and for the price of a little over $100/night, I thought it was quite reasonable. The reviews of this hotel on tripadvisor were a mix of positive and negative, so I had my doubts about how this hotel would end up being like. Much to my surprise, I really enjoyed staying there and it had such an old Victorian charm to it. I requested for a nonsmoking room when I arrived and they happily arranged for that. My room had 2 double beds, a television, a desk with telephone, coffeepot and cabinet/closet. it wasn't extremely big nor small either; it was a very good size. Our coffeepot broke the first night, and we called for a new coffeepot and vaccuum, and someone was there within 5 minutes. The breakfast is complimentary every morning from 7am - 9:30am and consists of sliced bread, bagels, danish pastries, coffee and tea, orange and cranberry juice, cereal (Cheerios and Raisin Bran) and milk. They also had a business and fitness center that I did not make use of.The location was within walking distance to downtown..about 8 short blocks but no hills. Bus was also very easy to and from downtown. Bus stop was just across the street. There is also bus right outiside to Fishermen's Wharf. It is close to the Tenderloin area known for lots of homeless people, but they are harmless. They will just ask for some spare change. The hotel locks its front doors after midnight and you will need your key to open after. so I thought it was good and quite safe.I read another person's comment about the narrow and steep stairway and small elevator. Turns out that the person was referring to the second set of stairway and elevator. The main one was fine and I walked up and down the stairs everyday. I read another comment about the slow drainage of the shower? I had no problem with that. The toilet was old style so the flush was very weak. It seemed like it will overflow, and then it flushes completely. But if you do #2, then you might need to flush twice.I would recommend this hotel and I would stay there again.Unfortunately, I missed the wednesday wine and cheese night. :(	
Apr 27 2008 	Beyond Expectations	We were very pleased with the one week stay we just had at the Opal. Upon arriving, we were told that they were upgrading us to a suite for the night at no charge because they were out of king beds as we had requested for the first night. We found the hotel staff very friendly, and proficient. The breakfast was very good and the location was great, we took the bus down to Fisherman's wharf for 1.50 and it came right in front of the hotel. We either took the bus or walked to many other locations as well. We really enjoyed the restaurants located nearby, Tommy's Joynt was just great, Chevy's Mexican down a few blocks on Van Ness had $3.00 drink and appetizer specials Mon. - Friday, can't be beat!!!! Would definitely go back!!	
Apr 22 2008 	Great location and value	We really enjoyed our stay at The Opal. We went for two nights and found everything exactly to our expectations. This 1908 hotel has everything that you would expect from a very old hotel: beautiful high ceilings, funky stairways, and charm. It also has almost all the amenities of an updated modern hotel: a business center and internet access in every room, a good workout facility, spacious and comfortable contemporary decor, and a full continental breakfast buffet. We even enjoyed room service provided by the famous Mel's Diner next door. It does lack pay-per-view movies, which we could live without. You also won't find a mini-bar. If you can live without these luxuries, you'll really like The Opal. The staff at the front desk is clearly a European collection. I believe I heard 6 different languages spoken at the desk, while I was enjoying my Weds evening free wine and cheese night. I knew I was in a reasonably priced, clean and comfortable hotel when I saw the pilots from major airlines and sizeable tour groups from Germany and France coming to stay at this locale. Of course, it's location of 1 mile walking distance to Union Square and a $7 taxi ride to Fisherman's Wharf added to its appeal. Don't expect super-fancy and you will be more than satisfied.	
Apr 10 2008 	Great Room and Location	The Opal was great. When I arrived I was tired and irritable after a hectic flight. The staff was very friendly and helpful even though I was a little cranky with them. My room was nice and very clean. The contintal breakfast was good. My only complaint is that the parking situation is not great. You pay $28 a day and they assign you a parking number, but then your spot may or may not be available. During my stay there were actually people who paid for a parking spot, but there were none available because the front desk had overbooked spots.	
Mar 25 2008 	shockingly bad	We booked our reservation online for two rooms with two double beds per room. When we got there they wanted a deposit of $50.00 per night which I thought was ridiculous. I work in the hotel industry and most hotels charge a flat deposit of $100.00. Well, after after checking in we went up to our rooms to find that they had given us two rooms with one king size bed rather than two doubles. Upon calling the front desk staff who were most rude to us to explain that this was not what we had reserved they explained that they didn't have what we reserved and that they gave us a free &quot;upgrade&quot; and that if we did want two double beds that we would have to pay more. So why would we pay more if the king size beds were an &quot;upgrade&quot;. So we accepted the room and inquired if we could at least get a rollaway bed. We were then told that if we wanted a rollaway bed it would cost us $15.00 a day. Need less to say some of us slept on the floor.The bathtub had a slow drain which made showering uncomfortable. The breakfast was severly lacking. The stairwells are extemely narrow and steep. And it took over a week to get my deposit back. I have stayed at motels that were better than this poor excuse for a hotel. I work in the hotel industry in Waikiki, Hawaii and they way we were treated by the staff I'm surprised you have any guests there at all.None of us will ever stay there again and we are all recommending our customers and friends not to go there.	
Mar 19 2008 	Great Value	We also booked this hotel on hotwire and were pleasantly surprised. For the rate we paid, I'd rate the Opal an exceptional value. The room was large and clean, the front desk staff was friendly and helpful and the location was just fine for travelers new to the City.	
Mar 8 2008 	Ok for the pirce	We stayed for 3 nights here and i found it to be nice and more or less clean (our WC didnt flush correctly) . Staff is ok and breakfast was rather poor. The area is definitely not the best but you can walk down to union square in about 15 minutes (i wouldnt recommend walking at night unless you're a big group) . Overall it was ok, specially for the price (80$/night on priceline) but i wouldn't stay again nor recommend this hotel. At checkout be sure to receive you account, we where charged 130$ for two 5 minute phone calls, pretty outrageous if you ask me, don't attend express checkout if you use the phone, check your bill or you will not be able to complaint later.	
Mar 1 2008 	Great deal for the price	I was in San Francisco for the Chinese New Year. I booked this hotel on their website and got a good price for the room. I asked for a quiet room and they gave me one facing the AMC movie theater next door. The room was well insulated, I could barely hear any street noise, even with the hotel facing Van Ness. The room was a nice size, clean, and nicely decorated. The bathroom was small, but fine for a single traveler. They need better pillows, they're not soft and felt crunchy, though the bed was comfortable. The continental breakfast was adequate. Access to a computer in the lobby and more tourist brochures would be helpful. The hotel is located just on the edge of the Tenderloin, but the bus system is great and you don't need to walk through that area. Overall, a good value for the price.	
Feb 29 2008	Nice spacious room great value	We were very pleasantly surprised by the Opal in San Francisco. The staff are very helpful, friendly, they even have a wine and cheese party in the lobby on Wednesdays. The room was spacious and very clean and the bed was comfy. The bathroom was a bit tight for space, but once again was impeccably clean. There is dining and transportation right outside the front door. I would definitely use this hotel again.	
Feb 20 2008 	Good hotel and good price	I booked this hotel through Hotwire and was kinda worried seeing some of the bad reviews here. But I'm pleasantly surprised. Ok, you will see some panhandlers outside the hotel but I don't see why it bugs some people so much. You can just ignore them, and nothing happens. There are some bus stops near the hotel that can bring you to many places. So, location is not bad at all.Room is clean and quite roomy. It's not soundproof so I heard kids screaming and running in the hallway sometimes. Many families seem to stay in this hotel.Breakfast is ample. Sometimes the room can get crowded. I woke up quite early so most of the times I don't face this problem.All and all, I'm happy with my stay here. It's a good bargain for a good hotel.	
Feb 18 2008 	Good for an overnight	When I booked this hotel through hotwire, I was a little worried about what I would find. They rate it a 3 star... I definitely would not. We stayed there for three nights. The room was okay, the continental breakfast was okay. The bed and the pillow were out of the middle ages -- like sleeping on the ground with straw-stuffed pillows. I think I could put up with this for one night, but three was TOO MUCH. The pillow was not down, but was a feather pillow. However, these must have been the cheapest feather pillows they could find. I was constantly getting jabbed in the face with the feather spines (if that is what they are called). I could feel no feathers, only the spines. It truly was like sleeping on straw. On a positive note, the staff was nice enough. There is a restaurant - Mel's Drive in Diner on the bottom floor of the hotel. It was okay food -- the clam chowder on Friday was very good. The hotel is within a 15 min walk from Union Square -- down hill all the way. We took a cab or bus back up.I would not stay here again. I recommend it with reservations. My sister is staying there later this week and for the price, it is a good value. I told her to pack a pillow.	
Feb 4 2008 	a great value	This was a great find on Hotwire for only $64! The parking was nearly half again what the room cost, but it was onsite and secure. The room was very clean. The bed was a little uncomfortable, but okay. The bathroom was very small but the towels were decent.	
Jan 29 2008 	Good location OK Hotel	The location and price was good. The room was average and the amenities were what I would expect from a 2 star hotel. It had a coffee maker and the heating control worked even if it was confusing (timed thermostat). There is a Mel's diner connected to the hotel. There is also a sandwich sports bar across the street. It was convenient to downtown and about 6 blocks from the trolley line (not a great walk in the rain). It is not walking distance from BART (over a mile). I was there for 3 nights on business and it was walking distance to the business location.	
Jan 8 2008	San Francisco Treat	I stay at this hotel for work and I have stayed at other hotels in the area and this is one of my faves. The location is great; a great walk down to the wharf or union square. Lots of great restaurants one block behind hotel on Polk St. The staff is nice and they have breakfast in the morning which isn't too bad at all. The rooms are old but very eclectic; the beds are very comfy but the bathrooms are pretty small and have great water pressure! I have always found it to be very quiet. The hotel is attached to Mels diner which makes it nice since it is open 24 hrs. There are some homeless people that hang around but if you can find a place in San Francisco that doesn't have a few hanging around then let me know! I just love this city and would definately recommend The Opal!	
Jan 3 2008 	A Good Bargain	I was questioning my choice of hotel when I first approached the exterior of the hotel but when I entered, the lobby was nice, and the bedroom was surprisingly decent. The room was good size and the decor reminded me of old English style. I felt I should have been drinking tea and eating biscuits in the room. The front desk was really helpful and upgraded me to a room with 2 double beds for no charge. Bed was comfortable, plenty of pillows, staff were friendly, room was cleaned everyday we stayed, complimentary cheese &amp; wine was a nice touch. The location was a little rough but the hotel seemed secure. It was conveniently located by the 38 Geary bus line and 47 Van ness line. I found it very easy to get to all the tourist locations.Downside was some ppl who stayed at the hotel were really noisy at night. Overall really satisfied for the price I paid. I would definately recommend this hotel for budget conscious travellers.	
Dec 27 2007 	Not bad at all	I rated our overall experience above average based on value for money. We stayed here twice during our two weeks in california. The hotel location was excellent, as others before me had mentioned. We bought 7 day passes and had unlimited access to the sf public transit including cable cars, buses, etc. We had no problems with bed bugs or noises in the room. It did smell musty though. However, since we'd paid less than $60/night through hotwire I thought it a great deal and good value for money. I wouldn't pay a whole lot more for this hotel though.	
Dec 2 2007 	Don't Let the Bedbugs Bite!	My friend and I just stayed at The Opal. My friend booked it through Expedia as the location was decent for a show we planned on going to. The front desk was disorganized/ frazzled, the room dated (think late '80's furnishings with nicks, etc.) Likewise, the room was not very clean (hair in the shower, dust all over the light fixtures, etc.). That would have been tolerable but the clincher was that the beds were full of bedbugs, both adult and baby bedbugs. My traveling companion received some nasty bites from them (and yes, I am certain that these were bedbugs after looking them up online and squashing one full of blood post-biting my friend's arm). When we checked out, we alerted the front desk to the bugs. The gentleman there just stared at us blankly. I wouldn't stay at this place again.	
Nov 25 2007 	pretty good value - no major complaints	This hotel is quite dated, slightly out of San Francisco centre in my opinion, wbesites said it was 1 3 block walk to union sq, its not - its about 10. The area isn't the nicest in the streets behind the hotel but to be honest we didn't even need to walk through them so was no issue.Its on a main road so great transport links including a bus stop right outside which goes to Fishermans Wharf. buses reaslly good and efficient - about every 7 or 8 mins. The cable car - Califorinia line was also quite close. As for the hotel they give a complimentary brekkie which for us was great - its just bagels, pastries, toast and drinks but was good that they included it in price. The rooms are an OK size - some look into a kind of central &quot;atrium&quot; and seem very close to other peoples rooms. The bathroom is dated but all works OK - ,decoration everywhere outdated. Large TV, 2 double beds - we were 2 girls staying here for 3 nights and overall I woukld say if yu can get a good deal here its a good base but do be aware it is quite far away from main attractions, when we went it was cold and def not walkable -however in the summer it may be fine...!!! Email me if you wanna ask anything : )	
Nov 14 2007	Had fun @ The Opal	Very convenient location as a city bus line stops right in front of the hotel. The bus line will take you directly to Fisherman's Wharf. Another busline right across the street will take you directly to Union Square. The hotel itself was clean and the staff was very nice. Highly recommend Tommy's Joynt across the street for cheap eats and drinks.	
Nov 14 2007 	Wonderful Budget Hotel	If you are not on an expense account this is a simple, clean, quiet and centrally located place to stay. Beds were comfortable and the showers had great water pressure and heat. Continental breakfast was sufficient to get you going before taking the bus right outside to Fisherman's Wharf or walking 5 blocks to Union Square. Great mix of Americans, Europeans, Football Fans and Airline crews all who came and went during the day. Staff was friendly and helpful. No need to drive as the hotel is a short 10-15 minute relatively flat walk from BART which directly connects either to SFO or OAK. A great find. We will be back.	
Nov 9 2007 	Nice Decent placegood location	Overnight business trip, which required me to take eitherpublic transportation or taxi, I opted for public transportationso I can get a feel of the locals and teach my daughter thattheres more to the city than wizzing by in taxis.Hotel location on Van Ness was close to everything.Staff gave me good advise to take BART system from theairport and take free transfer to 47/49 bus drops you off rightin front. The hotel reminded you of turn of the century which is veryquiant and comfortable. The staff was great,continental breakfast was more than donuts and coffee-we had goodselections of things to eat. Room was clean and roomy,stayed in Jr. Suite and also worked out in the small gym which was functional. Business Center printed my departureairline tickets at no cost. The Opal is good enough for even Pilots and Airline Stewardess as they usually make stop overs repeatedly.We saw alot of them in the lobby. The famous Mel's Diner,Roundtable Pizza,sushi place and AMC theatre next door. Great convenient location-Union Square only several blocks away which we actually walked-another way to see the city. Overall my daughter knows where and how to get around in SF when she gets her job there. BTW, parking garages is gated and lighted,which is a plus. Would stay here again.	
Nov 8 2007 	Great Hotel For The Price	Room was a little worn but was clean and the maid service was great. Location is great since the Van Ness bus is right in front of the hotel. Very easy to get around. Breakfast was fine. Overall, clean,safe, and enjoyable stay.	
Nov 8 2007 	Great Location Great Hotel!	My friends and I stayed at the Opal for a long weekend. The location os great, it's located at the corner of Van Ness and Geary. Union Square its about 6 blocks down on Geary, great place to stay if you want to be near downtown but not pay downtown prices. The room was VERY clean! The maid service was EXCELLENT. The front desk staff was very helpful and attentive to our needs. I strongly recommend this hotel to anyone that is visiting San Francisco!!!!	
Nov 6 2007 	nice room and good locations	I spent 5 nights of my vacations in SFO. I decide stay in Opal Hotel beacouse I get special discount rate for travel agents. When I arving I wasnt specialy suprise..not bad and not excelent. Locations is pretty good - 10 block away from Union Squere, prety easy acess to Market Str and Castro District.Room wasnt very big but clean and fresh. Furniture old but stylish. Bathroom was small but clean and very nice with big mirror. Hotel provide high speed internet acces in the room.Only issue which I can complain was breakfast..Only bagels and some coffie. thats it. Generaly it was good stay.	
Nov 5 2007 	Moldy smell maid came into my room	We booked 3 rooms for our family (all adults) to stay in San Francisco for 2 nights at the Opal. First of all, the parking was pretty ridiculous, you drive up to a gate with a sign that says to wait for an operator to ask you what spot you are supposed to be parking in. She never comes on the loud speaker so after 5 minutes of sitting there waiting and holding up traffic you have to put your car into park, get out of the car and press the button for pedestrians and then after maybe 2 minutes she finally asks, you and you get to drive in. If your spot isn't taken by someone else you are lucky, we were lucky but we saw others who werr stranded in middle of the parking lot with no spot and had to go in and speak to the front desk staff. Our rooms all smelled of mold and musk (it is an old building, but come on). The sound of traffic from one of the rooms was so loud that we had trouble sleeping. We all put the &quot;do not disturb&quot; signs on our door handles because we really did not want the maids coming into our rooms (we were only staying 2 nights so we did not need new towels or anything, and didn't want anyone touching our things).....but after a day in the city I came back to my room, and I noticed right away that the maid had come in and made my bed (touched all of my things, including my blanket that I brought because I don't like gross hotel blankets that are never washed)...I felt disgusted that a maid had come in into my room and handled all of my things, especially when I made it perfectly clear that I didn't want them to......There was an old apple under my bed, in the other rooms there were leaks, plumbing issues, etc......Its not in a horrible area of town, you are going to see homeless people all over the city, so that wasn't something that stood out to me....I would not stay here again.	
Nov 1 2007 	Very nice hotel!!!	This hotel is located in a district which is not very nice but close to the interesting streets. It is installed in a typical building and rooms are also very typical.Negativ items are: - One guy of the staff was not wery friendly, I use to be obliged to ask for an other one!!! - Car park is very expensive $28 per day!!! - Breakfast was no good at all without choice!!!Positiv items are: - Nice room! - Clean - Comfortable	
Oct 29 2007 	Great!	My friends and I stayed at this place during San Francisco Pride. It was close to where we needed to go. The rooms were nice and cheap. The staff was friendly and helful.	
Oct 28 2007 	Great Place	Great place to stay. Lovely Victorian interior. Got the stay via Priceline from 22-25 Oct 07. Initially wary of the location reviews on the Tenderloin. Turns out to be really nothing at all. Bus stop very convienent to all places in SF. Do not be afraid of the Tenderloin, the location of OPAL is on a very busy road, nothing to be afraid of, homeless people are few and do not harress you. Got a complimentary upgrade to the Executive suite, great place to stay.	
Oct 26 2007 	A few kinks	Stayed for a couple of nights in Mid-October 2007 ~ The hotel is centrally located in the city so it makes it convenient to all San Francisco has to offer.People @ the front desk are helpful and friendly, although I had to ask twice for my NW frequent flyer account credit because the daytime desk clerk did not know how to post the credit but the guy who was on the desk @ night accomodated the request right away.Continental breakfast is served from 6:30-9:30am. Cream cheese served with the bagels had gone bad (curdled) but other than that the other few items were O.K.	
Oct 18 2007 	Fire alarm went off every 3 hours smoky curtains	The good: room was overall comfortable, the location central however not very safe, for example, I wouldn't walk alone at night, it's close to the tenderloin and therefore a some transients may approach you. The bad: front desk are more or less indifferent, give terrible directions to their hotel from the airport, some really don't like to talk to interact with people. The room was comfy, typical hotel room, but the curtains smelled strongly of tobacco and the fire alarm kept going off for two nights, I couldn't get anyone on the phone to tell me if I was to exit the building.	
Oct 17 2007 	not bad	The hotel was not as bad as some of the reviews indicated. It is located in a edgier part of town, but only 7 blocks to Union Square and on a major bus route.We came off a cruise and checked in at about 12 noon, they put us to our 2 rooms right away - we had 2 kids and 4 adults.Got good info from Brad about buspasses and streets to avoid. We got a cab to the airport for only $45 for the 6 of us by asking front desk to arrange this.The 2 rooms were in the back of the hotel, 4th floor. It was fairly quiet.Things to know: watch out for fine print on some restaurant menus about mandatory tipping, we got dinged 18% for a party &gt; 5 people in a noodle house in japan town. Also beware of price gouging. At a corner deli up from the hotel, the price on the board was not what was charged, have to question why they did not blank out the prices if they were changing prices????Overall good trip to San Fran and would stay here again.	
Oct 2 2007 	Convenience	Close to bus and cable car routes. Use the $18 Muni pass and forget about a car. Rooms were small but comfortable. Lots of pillows and environmentally friendly china coffee cups. Breakfast room was always very crowded and could use more seats. We only saw one little elevator but it was quick and never busy. Maybe we just didn't find the others. Enjoyed our stay.	
Sep 21 2007 	Okayfor the price	Stayed for two weeks.The things we feared:Dirty rooms; theft of personal property; tenderloin beggars harassing us; tenderloin violence; poor service.Things we looked forward to: location; cheap stay; convenient restaurant (Mel's Diner); convenient movie house (half block down).The reality: Our room was clean and was kept clean, although there were 2 days when we had to request that the cleaning staff attend to our room at 4 p.m. None of the cleaning staff we spoke to were fluent in English.Nothing stolen. from our roomBeggars had their territory and pretty much stuck to it.They were largely polite.There were many (drunken?) nighttime yelling matches outside our hotel room (Geary and Vann Ness), but the double glazing shut out that noise. There was often garbage on Geary on the side of the hotel, and there is a persistent smell of urine in the same area, but this was not a problem in our 5th floor room.The immediate area down the hill on Van Ness is a little rough, but nothing to fear. The immediate area up the hill on Van Ness is more commercial and less tenderloiny.Location generally is very good for buses etc. (We relied on public transport using a Muni pass, and we got everywhere we needed to get -- includng Muir Woods and the SF zoo -- very easily.)The Golden Gate Transit buses to Marin County, Muir Woods etc stops one block up Van Ness (turn right out of the hotel) Buses to Muir Woods are limited, so call first.)We booked a package through Travelocity about five months ahead of time and got the whole two weeks, accommodation and R/T air fare from Hartford CT for two for $1,500. The hotel portion was about $700, according to Travelocity's money-back gurantee, which separates the airfare from the hotel costs.Overall, for the time of year (July 14 -31), we thought that this was an excellent price.Mel's DIner downstairs serves diner food. It screwed up a couple of orders that we took &quot;to go&quot; to our room upstairs, but, generally, was an okay place to eat.Tommy's Joynt across the road is overrated per its food quality. It serves cheap, institutional-type meat-and two-veg food.Overall, we were perfectly content with the accommodation. We asked for, and received, a room with a little bit of a view of the city. Other rooms, we hear, face a brick wall. (Our room was (I think) 516). Our room wasn't very big, but we weren't planning on holding any conventions in it. We spent most of our in-house time sitting on the bed.Coffee packets etc available but replenished in a very random fashion: sometimes none were replenished, other times there were three or four packets. None of the rooms have personal refrigerators. There is an excellent Whole Foods Market about five blocks up Van Ness and a half block up on California St.The bathtub did have someone's hair in it when we arrived. The water did not drain very well after a shower. The toilet got blocked one day (nothing we did) and someone fixed it in short order.The shower head was about a foot too low for me. (I'm 6 ft tall.) But the flow and temp were just fine.The &quot;king&quot; bed is actually two smaller beds pushed together. They did come apart slightly, but we really didn't notice that very much at all.The bed itself was not an issue -- we slept just fine on it -- and there were five pillows, which was plenty for us.Sheets and towels changed every day, if a little tardily at times.Overall, we were releived that we didn't have to deal with any of the negative issues recorded by some other TripAdvisor reviewers.A couple of the staff have a pretty aloof and arrogant demeanor, but that was not an issue. Other staff members were delightful.Use of the hotel's computer is expensive for the budget traveler -- min. $5 for 20 minutes. But there is (apparently) free WiFi service.The &quot;free&quot; breakfast is a familiar selection of cheap fat, dough and sugar. We both do pretty well on a bagel or two and a coffee for breakfast, so it saved us a lot of breakfast expenses. But anyone who actually likes to eat real food in the morning might be better eating breakfast somewhere else.We would consider staying at the Opal again, particularly if we got the same price. But we've stayed at better places in SF. (The Holiday Inn on Van Ness just up the street (Hotwire booking) was a much better deal.)The Serrano, on the other hand, was a largely unpleasant experience, including a very troubling incident in which the clerk tried to withdraw $400 from our bank account when we booked in to account for an &quot;upgrade&quot; we never asked for nor wanted. We've learned that we should only ever use credit cards that have barely a hundred dollars or so of credit available to secure the room, since places like the Serrano will charge undiscounted rates -- and add the difference -- to guests who prepay and book through discount brokers such as Tavelocity, Hotwire etc.One final warning: The Opal stocks its rooms with a booklet of local businesses restaurants etc, which is probably very useful. However, the chicken and noodle meals that we ordered delivered from Brandy Hos, Hunan Food (217 Columbus Avenue), which is a recommended restaurant in the booklet, was absolutely disgusting. It was in parts gristle and raw. The soup tasted like urine and the rice nearly broke our teeth. The chicken tasted raw and like it was just retreived from the hold of a Spanish Galleon after three months of sitting in salt. One bite and I was gagging. at $50 for two meals (a treat we allowed ourselves), it was an expensive lesson for two budget travelers.On the other hand, the Crepe Vine (Irving and 23rd Streets) offers excellent food. The N-Judah goes right there from Market Street.)Dottie's True Blue Cafe (552 Jones Street) is overrated per its food quality, but is an interesting dining experience per its reputation and intriguing menu offerings. Although, be prepared to line up outside and to be harrassed in line by local beggars etc.	
Sep 19 2007 	It's a decent alternative	I stayed here because it was the only hotel I could find for a decent price. The price is great for what you get - decent room, decent location, OK service.The Hilton it is not. But for the price, it is a good deal. Van Ness is a busy street, but the traffic noise was really low.If you want to be pampered, stay somewhere else.	
Sep 14 2007 	shabby about the edges	The location of this slightly shabby hotel is NOT, as advertised, anywhere near Japantown. It's on Van Ness, a very busy traffic corridor.Service, decor and amenities were markedly below 3-star standards. Information about parking across the street at another hotel (the Opal's small lot was full) was not offered--I had to ask, and the desk clerk did not volunteer to validate the ticket for a discount--again, I had to ask.There is a short flight of steps to get to the lobby and no one to help with bags. Some of the carpet in public areas is stained, and my room was stuffy and furnished in cutting-edge 1993 style. Free Internet access is a plus. A miniscule bathroom with off-brand toileteries rounded off the impression of just missing the mark for being a good deal, but I may have been lucky--while waiting to check in, the man ahead of me, a registered guest, was standing in line to tell the desk clerk, for the second time, that the toilet in his room was not functioning.	
Sep 12 2007 	keep your cancellation number	I made a reservation to stay here in August 2007 and just got charged for the night I canceled.So I would recommend that if you reserve a room here and cancel SAVE YOUR CANCELATION NUMBER!	
Aug 26 2007	Extremely poor service	I made a reservation to this hotel through hotwire.com weeks in advance and when we got to the Opal hotel they told us that they were overbooked and put us up at a really bad motor lodge near by. The service was extremely poor and we did not get what we had paid for.	
Aug 25 2007 	Do not waste you valuable time and vacation"	me and my family were three days guests in this hotel. However we booked for four nights!! We changed our reservation to four nights upon arrival, however the host could not print the confirmation out. The last night (we came from a late dinner with my kids..), someone was in our room.... They did not have the change of reservation and I had to go with my family at midnight out of the hotel. They had packed everything (some stuff was missing) and blame it all on us (very unfriendly staff member, whom said that this had to do with the fact that maybe he is from germany...., while we have good experiences with germany...). I had to find a hotel in the middle of the night, and the frontoffice could not help, charged me a late check out!! + extra parking charges. We found at two midnight a hotel at SF airport which is very good (Holiday Inn express). DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL WITH YOUR FAMILY (or at all!!) I 200% agree with the notes of Jun 18, 2007 dawnhare, Minden, NevadaThe best is to ignore the hotel!!	
Aug 15 2007	nice surprise	The hotel is very convenient for the price which was 89 dollars a night in high season. The breakfast was very adequate for what you would expect. (i.e. bagels, muffins, danishes, cereal, coffee, juice, fruit) and Union Square is about a 5 minute walk away. Some who have complained about the area probably aren't familiar with downtowns in large cities in America. There are some panhandlers etc. but it is not the ghetto that others have described. The room is clean, the staff is helpful, the bed was comfortable, which is all the hotel needs to provide. The lobby area even had a wine and cheese reception one evening while we were there which was a nice touch since you could talk to fellow tourists about their experiences and meet some interesting people. Mel's Diner was also quite convenient if you needed a late night bite.	
Jul 23 2007 	I real surprise!	I was really surprised by this hotel. It's older and on first appearance and doesn't seem to have a lot going for it. There are some homeless people in the area, and it's located on a busy noisy street.All that fades away once you get inside. The lobby was like walking into someones living room. The room was very well furnished and comfortable. My bathroom was tiny but I didn't care. I got a great night's sleep. I was on the alley side of the hotel and didn't hear much noise at all. The staff was very helpful with giving directions and advice on local attractions. The fitness room was small but adequate and well stocked with towels. There was free street parking at night on Geary and the classic Mel's Dinner is located next door.It didn't feel like an older run down hotel. More like a well kept comfortable old classic. A treat from a lot of the cheaply build modern hotels. I'll stay there again. Check their web site for rates. They will beat any internet rate by $10.00 if you call direct!	
Jul 4 2007 	priced ok for the location and amenities	I looked and looked for a hotel in San Francisco and chose the Opal because it had a better price and location was not too bad. I read reviews also to choose this hotel. My take, better than expected. It has free internet hookup in the room which was great for my labtop, adjacent to the bus, walking distance to trolley and 15 minutes from Warf. I would recommend this hotel. It was clean and clearly maintained. Parking on site was $30.00 per day which is what others charge. The only downside was the room smelled bad so we lit a scented candle and it covered the odor.	
Jun 30 2007 	Great for the Budget-Minded	Our room was very clean, comfortable, and quiet! The personnel at the desk were very helpful and friendly. The continental breakfast was the same every morning for the three mornings we were there, and lacks variety (i.e. only one kind of juice - OJ and only apples for fruit). The hotel provides free Internet access to print boarding passes. If you stay here, be sure to request a room with a window that looks onto the city. Our room was on the first floor on the inside of the building with a &quot;lovely&quot; view of the ventilation system. We could never tell if it was going to be foggy out or not.	
Jun 18 2007	Do not waste you valuable time and vacation	I booked my reservation one month in advance; when we arrived, he had the reservation but said it had been cancelled. He tried to blame it on us, had we cancelled it. I was very calm and asked why I would do that. He just stood there and said we are sold out I cannot help you, did not offer any additional assistance what so ever. I said you can find my reservation and there is nothing you can do. Once again, he just stood there. Never had such a poor experience with a hotel and we travel a lot. Went and stayed at the Hilton at the Wharf and was more than happy! Much nicer staff and nicer hotel in a much better area. Fisherman's Wharf is great fun for the entire family and it is central take the trolley or a cab any place, we would never stay any place else! Do not let the Opal ruin your vacation as they almost did our's skip them and book with someplace else.	
Jun 18 2007 	Decent place to crash	I booked a room at the Opal Hotel through Hotwire. It was an excellent value at $69 per night, plus tax. Upon arrival, I was told that it was not possible to get a room with two beds. They only give small rooms with one queen bed to Hotwire customers. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Fine, my friend and I could share a bed for one night, no big deal. The hotel is old but has character. The location is good, right on Van Ness and Geary. The lobby is nice. The room was small but had everything one might need. The bed was not super comfortable and the pillows were not great. We could not figure out why, but there was a very strong and pervasive smell of cigarette smoke coming from the bathroom. The floor was non-smoking and when I inquired about the problem at the front desk, she said the hotel was non-smoking. It was a very bad smell and quite annoying for two non-smokers. We did not try the breakfast (woke up too late) but ate at Mel's Diner, which is connected to the hotel. Pretty convenient. Parking is $25 per night and the garage is connected to the hotel. Also convenient and relatively affordable, as many hotels in SF charge upward of $40 per night for parking. I would recommend this hotel for budget travelers who are looking for a place to sleep and shower and are not expecting or wanting luxurious accomodations.	
Jun 6 2007 	Good value for money	We booked this hotel on a last minute website and got a very good rate. For the price we paid, we were very pleasantly surprised. We expected budget accomodation but found a quaint, Victorian looking hotel with some character. Our room was decently sized with a big bathroom. Location was OK. Not exactly central, but buses in front will get you to the the Wharf or downtown if you catch it at the side of the hotel, for just about US$1.50 one way if I remember correctly. Complimentary breakfast was a bonus in the US (which is rare), although it was quite minimal (bread, cereals, croissants, nothing cooked). The breakfast area fills up quite fast .. most of the guests seem to be French. Only downside is that the rooms have no safes, and there was none in the lobby either.	
Jun 5 2007 	good quality great price!	my boyfriend and i spent the two nights that we were in the sf bay area (before driving down the pacific coast hwy -- a must do, btw!) in this hotel. we chose this hotel because of the pretty positive reviews it got on this website and the very reasonable price per night. we were not disappointed. the room was very clean; lots of pillows and a comfortable king-sized bed; and free internet access in the room (as long as you bring your laptop; otherwise, they also have a business center downstairs that you can pay $5 to access their PC/printer). the opal may not be in the fanciest of areas, but its location is pretty convenient to public transportation, and lots of decent local restaurants and bars and within easy walking distance. the opal offers a free continental breakfast, but it isn't anything to brag about -- treat yourself to a meal at mel's diner, connected to the opal -- their hangover chili omelette rocks. overall, our stay at the opal was a very positive experience and we would definitely stay there again.	
May 28 2007 	Basic 	I got this hotel at $69 a night through hotwire.com and felt it to be very good value at that price.1. Booking:Did the booking on hotwire.com hence can't comment on the hotel's own booking process.2. Location:Location is this hotel's best feature. It's in the Japantown area, with muni buses in all direction available within a block. A lot of good eating places around the hotel adds to its locational advantage.3. Check-in:We checked in pretty late (around 9PM) but everything was done smoothly. They had the reservation waiting and the check-in process took barely 10 minutes.4. Room:Rooms are a little small. The room had 2 double beds , TV, Table &amp; Chair, and there was very little space left in the room after that. The view from the window was the building next door but since we were out almost the entire day on all the days, it didn't really matter.The bathrooms were small but functional. Not too much space to keep toiletries. The toiletries provided by the hotel were pretty good quality and the shower was hot and powerful.Rooms had 2 bottles of drinking water which we weren't sure were complimentary or not. As it turned out, they were.5. Complimentary Breakfast:The breakfast was good quality but a litle inadeqaute. They had bread, bagles, thomases, muffins (not too sweet, thankfully!), coffee, tea, cereals, apples, bananas etc. If they had added eggs and oatmeal then it would have been great.6. Check-out:Since it was prepaid, the check-out was smooth and quick. No additional charges.All in all a great stay. Would definitely stay there again if it is at a similar rate.	
May 12 2007 	I got robbed too	The maid, or another employee, found a credit card and some money I hid in my luggage and stole it from me. Do not leave ANYTHING valuable in the hotel room - you stand a good chance of losing it. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful otherwise. The location isn't the greatest but it didn't seem all that dangerous either. Getting around is easy by catching the Muni. The room was about as small as a prison cell, but it was clean and the bathroom was small but nice. The bed was not very comfortable at all.	
May 10 2007 	Great family hotel	Booked this hotel through the internet at one of the cheapest rates I could find for our family of four in San Francisco. We were pleasantly surprised!Arrived late on New Years Eve after two days of flying and no sleep! Receptionist informed us that there was no non-smoking room available for our first night. She was most apologetic and all we were interested in was to find a place to sleep. The smoking room we were allocated instead was motel style, clean and spacious and apart from the predictable smell of smoke fine. The next morning the receptionist upgraded us to a junior suite at no cost for the remainder of our stay. The suite was spacious with two double beds and a sitting area, the bathroom was a little small but functional. Breakfast was excellent and although the breakfast room is small we easily found a place to sit for our family. The hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful. They were happy to answer all our questions and gave us advise on public transport and how to get to places of interest. Hotel is centrally located with all the public transport right outside its front door. The city centre is at walking distance. Although the hotel is right on the edge of the Tenderloin, we found this no problem. We stuck to the main streets at night and did not experience any problems.Would highly recommend this hotel to families as the rooms with two double beds are spacious and there is plenty of room to spread out. Staff are tolerant of children and very helpful.If you after an affordable, centrally located, clean, quiet and nice but unpretencious hotel, The Opal is an excellent choice!	
May 10 2007 	Good Budget Hotel in convenient location	We stayed here for five nights in a double room on the third floor. As this is an older property it is quieter in the rooms. Good standard of cleanliness and nice bathroom with shower.Beds were a little hard for my taste but not too bad.good location right by bus stops. Best deal is to get bus pass which allows you on buses trams &amp; cable cars unlimited.Nice complimentary breakfast but get in early as gets very busy later.Lots of tramps and strange people in general around San francisco but do not cause any problems.Can recommend Mels Diner next door with great Steak &amp; Eggs.	
Apr 28 2007 	Was robbed by the opal	We just arrived in San Franscisco on April 14 from raleigh North Carolina. We where very excited to be there and to be on vacation. The staff at the opal seemed to be your run of the mill staff, nothing special. We went across the street to get a bite to eat and wait for the rest of our family members to arrive. My wife went back to the room to take a shower 2 hours later and she reports that her coat was gone, umbrella, sweatshirt, ipod and who knows what else. She said as she was walking in a opal employee was walking out. There was no reason for any opal employee to be in are room, we had only been there for 2 hours. I talked to the front desk they said they wold send whoever was in our room up. We waited 20 minutes before I went to the front desk. It took 40 minutes for them to find the individual who was in our room. I asked him where our stuff was, he said i will show you. He hid the ipod in the cosmetic bag in the corner of the bathroom. Which we found to be very odd. We then asked where our clothes where? After a few minutes of silence he responded &quot;in my locker&quot;. We went to his locker and he pulled out a huge garbage bag of clothes some in which where pulled out of our bags!!!!! I talked to manager on the phone and all he said is we will have a meeting on Monday. I asked for them to comp our room in another hotel because there was no way I was going to spend the night where we didin't feel safe. He said sorry I can't help you we will have a meeting on monday! So that is how i spent the first night in San Francisco. Hopefully this won't happen to you, but I wouldn't chance it!!!!!!	
Apr 25 2007 	Good Hotel with kids in tow!	After reading all the not so good reviews that people had mention I was really impressed with this hotel. Very easy to find and close to everything. We were able to check in early(noon) after driving 7 hours with kids. Room was average size but we got a great deal on the room online. Beds seemed to be on the short size and hard but we made due with them. Now a days with everyone having different allegy problems they should have non feather pillows! I was lucky that I brought mine from home, it would of sent me to the nearest hospital. The continental Breakfast was ok. Their website mentioned their famous waffles but there wasnt any. There is a MUNI stop(47 &amp; 49) right outside the door and take you straight to either California street(cable cars) and Pier 39 &amp; Fishermans Wharf. Parking for the hotel is $25 a day but there is a parking structure across the street for $20. Park across the street, the hotel's parking gate works when it wants to. We waited 15 minutes for it to open. The only that I didnt like about this hotel is DO NOT walk at night with kids. You will have to explain things to them that you dont want to. My daughter saw too many things that she shouldnt of and had alot of questions. Over all the hotel was great and we would definately stay here again. We are already planning on coming back in October for our anniversary, this time with no kids!	
Apr 10 2007 	Great Experience...Great Price	We liked the Opal Hotel alot and would stay there again. We were given a &quot;Junior Suite&quot; on the non-street side of the hotel. It was a very large room with two queens and a sitting area. Very quiet, very clean room. The beds and linens/pillows were large and comfy. Free internet. Very responsive and courteous staff. Wednesday evening there was a nice (and free) wine and cheese gathering in the lobby where the hotel manager chats everyone up...and he is good at it . He loves SF and his hotel. There was a very reasonable excercise room, and a clean laundry room. The location was very good with just about any kind of public transportation you could want within a couple blocks. Cheap and plentiful deli type comfort food across the street at Tommy's Joynt ...and at the other end of the spectrum, Ruth&quot;s Chris steak house a few blocks up the street. An 10 Screen AMC theatre was the next building down the street. Yes the hotel is on the edge on the Tenderloin district, and we were somewhat apprehensive about that before getting there, but it turned out to be a total non-issue. You have to walk several blocks to get into the thick of it, and if you simply skirt that area by walking a couple blocks around it...the neighborhood is fine. The area around the hotel appears very safe also. The local street population was present, but very reserved and polite. No problems in that regard.Overall a very positive experience at a reasonable price. I think if this hotel was 2 blocks closer to Nob Hill, their rooms would be going for twice the price. Oh...one more thing...the hotel mgr suggested that next time we book, we should locate the best internet price we could , then call the hotel directly...as they will give you an even better price.	
Mar 23 2007 	Great Experience	I went to San Francisco with four family members for a birthday outing. The hotel was older and very charming. The staff was helpful, the room was clean, and the &quot;bad neighborhood&quot; stuff is just a bunch of hullabaloo. Obviously the people who are saying this have no idea what a bad neighborhood really is. the hotel is also connected to mel's diner so after a late night of partying we were able to wolf down cheese fries! The continental breakfast was good and the location was great - especially for the price. The rooms were small but you're not suppossed to spend a lot of time in the hotel when you're on vacation anyways! I would most certainly stay at the opal again.	
Mar 20 2007 	Fun Trip!	I went to San Francisco with a friend for the weekend. Being two young women, I was a bit hesitant about the &quot;bad neighborhood&quot; reviews. However on arriving it seemed like a fine place to stay. Our room was clean and very nice for what we paid. The shower was roomy and the bed had 7 pillows (2 regular, 5 down)!! We parked across the street ($20/day) and used the bus/cable cars/transit system. There is a bus stop right out the front door of the hotel and it goes straight down to Ghirardelli Square &amp; Pier 39. A 1-day muni pass is only $11, so we saved a bundle doing this. Never once did we feel unsafe either. The staff at the hotel were friendly and gladly gave us recommendations on dining and places to visit. They have a very handy map of the area available at the front desk as well. We were pretty impressed with the place and I, for one, would happily stay there again!	
Mar 14 2007	Good and clean	We stayed at the Opal on 2 separate occasions and found the hotel to be clean and tidy. The hotel is of an older style and the decor matches perfectly.There is a gym in the basement of the hotel with good standard equipment with a water cooler and TV to use. We booked the hotel on the basis of the gym so we were happy with our choice. The breakfast provided in the morning is very basic - packet cereals, muffins, white toast, coffee tea etc. If you are at the breakfast by 8am there should be plenty of food available. There is also a staff member who tops up the food during the morning.All the staff that we met were very helpful and gave plenty of advice about the area and places to eat.The best places to eat around the hotel were...the diner adjacent to the hotel, Tommy's across the road is excellent.To get to Union Street is a hike from the hotel and you will be bombarded by homeless people wanting money if you walk around the area at night.	
Feb 7 2007	Happy visitor	As a first time visitor to San Francisco the hotel room and area was a great concern to us. Well, we were happy. The room was clean and a good size for the two of us. It was great to have parking on site as street parking was not really an option for us. The staff was very polite, respectful and helpful. When we got there the room heater wasn't working but was quickly fixed, great service. If your not looking for anything fancy but very nice, clean and in a great location to tour the entire city this is the place to stay. Reasonable rates for such a nice hotel. The reviews all said seedy people in the area but I didn't notice anything that isn't seen in every city all over the U.S. and nothing dangerous. The only disadvantage I could see was that the breakfast could have had a bit more variety (i.e. pastries) and the dining room was very small. Try it you'll like it.Tracy and Dawn from San Diego	
Feb 3 2007 	Good rate BAD room	The good: The convinience, it's on Geary and Van Ness, about 5 minutes drive away from Japan Town so you can get good food there.The bad: It's really close to the 'bad' section of downtown, be careful where you walk especially at night if you don't have a car or don't plan on renting one while you are there. The UGLY: I booked the room through HotWire and got a great deal on this hotel(supposedly 4 stars). The condition is no where near a 4 star hotel. First of all, we booked a king-sized bed for me and my wife. The so-called king-sized bed was two beds put together. The length of the bed was so short that my feet were hanging out of the bed, AND I AM ONLY 5'9!!! So for the two days there, me and my wife had to sleep diagonally so our legs wouldn't be hanging out of the bed.The condition of the room was not up to standard either. You walk into the room with a smell of mothball and stale air. The carpets are faded and clearly looked dirty. The sheet cover was not that clean either. On top of the sub-standard condition, the hotel also has a very old plumbing system, which means if anyone decides to flush a toilet or take a shower, you WILL hear it. THERE'S A REASON WHY OPAL WAS DROPPED FROM THE LA QUINTA FRANCHISE.All in all, if I were to stay in SF in the future, I would definitely NOT stay there, it's a cheap rate, but not worth the pain and suffering. And next time, I WILL NOT USE HOTWIRE EVER again, because they don't disclose which hotel you will get until you book it(and it's non-refundable), and the star ratings are way off!	
Jan 14 2007 	Clean inexpensive 	I stayed in a double room with two female friends for three nights just last weekend. We all enjoyed our stay and found the staff to be courteous and helpful with site-seeing/restaurant recommendations (Ti Piacera is an outstanding Italian restaurant to try!). The room &amp; bathroom were very clean and the shower stayed nice &amp; hot even after the three of us used it. We opted to use the parking garage across the street for $20/day with in/out privileges and found it to be very convenient. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you're looking for a simple, well-run, and friendly place to stay during your trip to San Francisco!	
Dec 17 2006	Would Definitely Come Back	The hotel was conveniently located. There were many places to eat aside from Mel's and the pub across the street. No fitness center, but 2 blks from 24hr. Fitness. Minutes from shopping, the Castro, Market St., Fisherman's Wharf and other sites. The hotel was really clean and quiet. It also looks much better than the pics. I would definitely return here.	
Dec 8 2006 	Pretty Good Hotel...good location	Pretty Cute hotel located right on Vaness! so its a great location. Parking is ok just really small. Bathrooms are really small. Our friends ended up upgrading to the suite and there room was nice but ours wasn't...i wanted one big bed and they gave us 2 small beds and that blew it for me.So the best thing about this place was the location...other than that it was a little pricey for what you get...and parking is not included!	
Dec 1 2006 	Nice hotel	Stayed at the Opal for five nights in july 2006. It´s a nice hotel, situated a bit from central downtown and the cablecars. The rooms are a bit small but okay for a couple of days. Staff is friendly and offers good service, but if you have (as we did) a room towards the main street in front of the hotel, you have to put up with some traffic noise.San Francisco is a great city - I have visited twice - eventhough you have to accept the seagust coming in and making even a summerday quite cold.Across the front of the hotel you will find Tommy´s Joint, which we highly can recommend for an evening meal.For a short stay in San Francisco The Opal is okay, you can find better budget hotels but surely also worse budget hotels.Tonnesen family, Copenhagen, Denmark	
Oct 31 2006 	The San Francisco Treat!!!	Was a little worried about the Opal after reading TripAdvisor comments after winning this hotel on Priceline for $60.00 a night. Fear not my fellow travelers.The Good: Great price...thanks Priceline. Comfortable and clean boutique hotel with lots of charm and character and all the things you would expect in a hotel of this class. Morning breakfast was a money saver with nice supply of bagels, muffins, fruit and corn flakes. Hotel is right on the 47 bus line which runs to Fisherman's Wharf and the California Street Cable Car. Van Ness Street is also the 101 through SF, so you have quick acess to the Golden Gate Bridge and SFO. Mel's Diner just outside the hotel entrance was very good and offered reasonable prices for food at all hours. Staff was very helpful on the few request we had and in giving direction on mass transit/driving.The Bad: Parking. The parking situation at the Opal is a little quirky, but your car is well secured and gated. the price to park though is outragous. $25.00 a night to park. It cost more to park than it did to rent the car. I suggest you rent your car for day trips outside SF at the Budget location 3 blocks away and use the bus and cable cars in town. Also, $9.00 a day to use the health club at the hotel. Equipment was very nice, but I didn't pay the price.The Real Story About The Neighborhood: Lot's of debate on the surrounding area. Let me say this, yes there are bums, panhandlers, homeless and a few strip clubs within a block or two. But this is a very high traffic area. I saw lots of folks out walking at all hours and I never once feared for my safety. The few panhandlers that did come up to me were more than happy to take no thank you for an answer. The area has several movie theatre's, including an AMC Theatre in a restored building right next store. Also within a thousand feet of the hotel was a Mercedes Benz dealership and a Lotus dealership. So my verdict, the neighborhood is no worse than Times Square. You have city elements that are good and bad, but the high traffic area makes for a pretty safe surrounding.The Opal was a San Francisco Treat. I would consider again at the Priceline price even with the parking fees.	
Oct 12 2006	Great choice	After researching several websites, we decided on the Opal. So glad we did! It's a precious boutique style hotel that is very clean with spacious rooms for San Francisco. We loved the fact that they have a computer available 24 hours since we didn't take our laptop. Breakfast was OK but it was nice having coffee available 24 hours, along with Mel's Diner connected to the hotel. Would definitely recommend for the price!Peggy and Ned, Williamsburg, VA.	
Oct 10 2006 	Short On Treating The Customer Right	The rooms were adequate but nothing special; the hotel well-situated for seeing the SF sights. However, if you've booked through an auction site, don't be prepared to be treated like a &quot;real&quot; customer. To avoid a long, long story, I'll just say that we made a couple reasonable requests regarding our accommodations. The management refused to ackowlege our requests, and even stated that with auction reservations, they only guarantee what was contracted for in the first place. So our request for a roll-away bed was ignored (we were willing to pay an extra charge), as was our request to move to the room next door after two in our party of five (who also booked via an auction) checked out of their room a day early (it had a king and queen which would better accommodate a party of three). Again, no dice. We will not stay at the Opal again, even though it was adequate and reasonable. They had a chance to have a return customer, even if they had made some effort to satisfy our requests. Heck, might have even recommended it to others.	
Sep 20 2006 	Handy cozy place but know where you're at	We stayed at the Opal for two nights. We chose it mostly for cost and listed amenities, and we were familiar with the area.The hotel is located on Van Ness, about 5 blocks from the Civic Center with bus service immediately outside. The California Street Cable Car line is about 6 blocks up the street in the other direction.The hotel is comfortable through the rooms are quite small. Rooms are air conditioned (nice in humid weather). An iron, ironing board and hair dryer are in the room. There is free high-speed Internet access in the room. The room was surprisingly quiet for a busy street. A free breakfast is served with a llimited selction of cereals, juice, coffee, bagels, etc. Mel's Diner is right next door for more substantial meals. Tommy's Joynt, across the street, is a great funky place for lunch and dinner -- the place has character.The hotel is several blocks from Japan Town / Korea Town, but ask for directions before you leave.The hotel is in a marginal area for night time safety, so don't wander too far without knowing where you are. Some of the street people are crazy and dangerous, so just keep your ears and eyes open.Taxis are plentiful and easy to use if in doubt. Bus service runs by the hotel to get you to Union Square and back, so invest in a multi-day transit pass and transit map to get around (available at the Holiday Inn at California and Van Ness, Powell Street and Hyde Street terminus points.All in all, not a bad choice, but just be aware of the surroundings.	
Sep 16 2006	Opal - Lovely Hotel with added 'style and luxury''	We have just spent 3 nights at the Opal Hotel and enjoyed the luxury of this stylish hotel. In fact we booked in for a third night after having booked in for a 2 night stay. The breakfast was one of the best we have had and it was great to get away from the usual modern sameness of quality inn's etc. When I read the reviews on this web site - I was worried but to put anyone's mind at rest - this is a lovely hotel with much character. Even the dreaded 'Hamid' was very helpful and even smiled a couple of times!!!! He would do well to read this site as he was really lovely once he got to know us! The hotel even invited us to a free cheese and wine evening - they did not skimp on the wine - hence a lovely evening was had meeting fellow travellers and the (as we later found out) general manager !! So enjoy your stay - we would definately return.	
Aug 30 2006 	Good Hotel for Price	We were quite worried after reading some of the reviews here before travelling to The Opal Hotel but don't worry!The hotel was VERY clean with one of the most comfortable beds we have ever slept in.The hotel staff where excellent nothing was too much trouble for them.Breakfast was basic but adequate but because the hotel was full there was limited seating. Some people took breakfast back to their rooms.Bus stop directly outside the hotelAlthough it is just on the edge of a doubtful area we felt perfectly safe walking to and from the hotel during the day. Only 15minutes walk into Union Square.We would certainly stay there again.	
Aug 2 2006 	Wonderful Stay	My fiance and I stayed at the Opal for 2 nights during a whirlwind photo expedition. We could not have enjoyed our stay more! In fact, of all the stays I've had in San Francisco, I would rank this establishment as one of the better I've stayed at. The staff was friendly and accomodating, common areas were lovely, and the room we had was charming. I loved that we were able to open the windows for fresh air! I found the beds to be of average comfort, but not terrible by any means.Of course, there are always areas that could be a bit improved. The bathroom in our room was on the small side with a lack of counterspace for our toiletry bags, and the breakfast offering was somewhat plain. (Cereal, toast, donuts, juice, etc.) However, the hotel is attached to the Mel's Diner if you would like something more. I do feel some of the other reviewers have done the hotel a bit of a disservice by saying it is in the Tenderloin. While it is Tenderloin-adjacent, the hotel is in Cathedral Hill - and located across the street from a Bentley/Jaguar/Range Rover dealership. An inexperienced San Francisco traveler could find themselves in the Tenderloin if they wander too far down past Van Ness &amp; O'Farrell, but you CAN walk to Union Square from the hotel without going through the Tenderloin as one reviewer mistakenly opined. Besides, there are bus stops right across the street from the hotel if you are concerned about walking inadvertantly into a dicey area of town. As far as &quot;street peoples&quot; are concerned, I do not believe that there are any more hanging out around the hotel than you would find hanging out in any other neighborhood in the city. Overall, I would definitely stay at the Opal again, and I would definitely encourage other budget-minded travelers to do so as well!	
Aug 1 2006 	Stop complaining	Based on previous reports, my wife almost avoided staying at the Opal Hotel on our recent trip to the U.S. I am glad that we ignored them and got a real bargain.It appears that some travellers expect to stay a five star hotel whilst only prepared to pay rock bottom prices. Try and get another hotel of this standard in San Francisco for $80 US including taxes.Our room was clean, spacious and well equipped. It was a non smoking room and had not the smell or evidence of smokers otherwise. The breakfast is simple but more than adequate. The hotel staff were friendly and kindly allowed us to check in 3 hrs early after flying for 16 hrs. They provide free Internet in their business centre which we something we never encountered anywhere else in the U.S.As far as beggars and the homeless go, well they are just a part of this city. They are not threatening or harrassing and are all over San Francisco. Public transport is at the door and is cheap.I would certainly recommend this hotel to my family and friends and would stay here on any future visit. Whenever staying at the Opal you must go across the road to Tommys Joynt for a meal, it's an institution!	
Jul 31 2006 	Affordable 	Got a great, last-minute deal through Priceline for a room at the Opal -- which is owned by the Cathedral Hill Hotel across the street on Van Ness. Paid only $50 for one night, but parking cost an additional $20. The hotel reminded me of a European hotel you might find in Copenhagen or Amsterdam. Shabby, but with lots of charm. The best feature of this hotel is the size of the rooms. They are comfortable and spacious. I had a great nights sleep. The worst feature of this hotel: as a business traveler, I was disappointed that there were only 2 electrical outlets in my room, and they were already over-plugged with lamps, TV, DSL connection, etc. I had to unplug several things to make sure I could charge my cell phone and computer, as well as use the iron. The decor was shabby--stained rugs, wallpaper peeling in places. The bathroom was small, but functional (pet peeve: the shower curtain made the already tiny tub even smaller because it was constantly blowing inward during my shower -- they should invest in curved shower curtain bars). The other major disappointment: the breakfast that was provided. Institutional cereal, bread for toasting, and hard-boiled eggs. Simply not substantial. But again, the price was right for what I needed! I got a great night's sleep and paid less than you'd expect for being centrally located in pricy San Francisco!	
Jul 27 2006 	Dangerous Area Unfriendly Staff	Located in an unsavoury, dangerous area. Risky to be out after dark, especially in the area between the Puccini and Pinneti restaurant area, and The Opal. Streets littered with homeless, druggies and shifty characters. Made the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end.Entrance has a night-time lock-down security approach, which gives some idea of how secure (not) the staff themselves feel after dark in this area.Staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. On check-in, other departing guests were extremely unhappy with their stay. Not a good start!Room was tired, bathroom tiny, and there was no ventilation, so that the bathroom was wet the next morning from the previous evening's shower.We will avoid this hotel at all costs on our next trip to San Francisco.	
Jul 27 2006 	Quite Good actually	I quite liked this hotel, got a nice confortable room with king size bed, very clean private bathroom and big tv.Nice decoration, nice place, good service, very clean rooms and a very confortable bed. Those are the most important things to us and got them at the OpalBus stop by the main entrance, no. 49 to the pier 39 and others. Mels diner next door and a coffee + bakery just over the road. Breakfast at Opal is very simple: cereal, bagels orange juice and coffee, basic but ok.So for the price we got it for I'd say it's above average!!	
Jul 27 2006	A decent place	It's a decent budget hotel thats unfortunetly located in the Tenderloin district (skid row to most people). The hotel itself is air conditioned, which is great this summer since theres been quite a nasty heat wave. The room was clean and quiet, with thick double pane windows, yet easy to open for a breeze. TV ad a lot of channels. Free internet access was a plus. The kind size bed was pretty good for the price. A complaint is that the area is pretty ghetto at night. I saw drug dealers out my window late at night. Its nothing about the hotel itself, they obviously can't do anything about it. I didn't get to eat anything at the free breakfast because there wasn't anything left. Definetly a feeding frenzy of fat tourists there in the morning.	
Jul 25 2006 	OK hotel not so OK neighbourhood	The rooms at The Opal may not all be OK, but ours was. Nice beds, TV, phone, bath etc. Only thing missing was a fridge or minibar but for the price paid (USD 65 for a twin room incl. tax and continental breakfast) we couldn't complain. Helpful reception and and a breakfast that wasn't too bad. The surrounding area is not that nice. Lots of homeless and weird persons, but we never had any problems with them. However, I would choose another area next time I visit San Francisco.	
Jul 17 2006	What a dump!	Beds from the Inquisition, bathroom mildew, peeling wallpaper, mediocre breakfast (corn flakes, bagels and juice). And, if that weren't enough, drunken young people wandering around on the fire escape landing outside our window late in the evening. Yikes!	
Jul 12 2006	Just fine...	Travelers, don't worry! I had previously booked this hotel through Hotwire (got a great deal) and then discovered this website! The reviews had me scared to death, but I was so pleasantly surprised by this hotel! It was so charming and the staff was very friendly and accommodating! The rooms were small, but perfectly fine. It was also convenient to the bus traveling to Fisherman's Wharf. The ONLY drawback I can think of is the staircase when you walk in. If your bags are heavy, it's tough trying to get them up the stairs, but we did it. We had our five year old and 8 month old girls with us and we were very pleased with this hotel. The beds are so comfortable! The workout facility is great and full of new equipment. Also, we used the laundry facility and were happy with that, too. As far as &quot;seedy&quot; people in the area, we saw &quot;seedy&quot; people all over the city. However, coming from Memphis, TN, the SF &quot;seedy&quot; people were nothing to be afraid of!!We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 9 2006	Not so bad	First of all, this hotel is in a geat location. It is very close to Union Square and the beautiful city hall area. It was also only 4 blocks from the California Street line of the cable car. You could walk the eight blocks to Union Square or take a $6 cab ride. Yes, as a single female traveler, I was very aware of the amount of &quot;seedy&quot; people in the area. These people were all over the downtown area (saw a deal going down outside the Marriot). That is downtown San Francisco unfortunately. I walked to Union Square and, as in any large city, made sure I was aware of my belongings at all times. The hotel itself is old, but in a classic kind of way. No the sheets weren't 600 thread count, but it still had charm and the front desk was always very friendly. The parking garage, at $20 a day, was by far the cheapest parking in all of San Fran! I also loved the fact that I got this hotel on Hotwire for $88 total. I would stay here again anytime.	
Jul 3 2006	Stay Away	Clearly the reason this hotel is no longer apart of the La Quinta chain is clear. This hotel doesn't come close to living up to the La Quinta standard. This hotel is VERY old and out of date. The bed might be the most uncomfortable I've ever slept on. Bathroom seemed to be an after thought. Wall paper peeling off the wall, dirty carpets, no chair for desk, and strong smell of moth balls was also present. TV would also intermittently go in and out. If looking for a value hotel on Van Ness, I would have rather stayed at the Holiday Inn a few blocks up. Also during my stay I also noted that the hotel had a problem with accepting reservations through sites like Hotels/expedia/travelocity without having the rooms actually available. Lastly, hotel local is a hang out area for the local homeless/drug addict population for the surrounding 5-6 block area.	
Jun 27 2006	Surprise bargain!	Wonderful hotel at a bargain price. Front desk staff was polite, helpful, and professional. The room was very clean, nicely furnished and quiet. The continental breakfast was adequate, but if you want a bigger breakfast, there are lots of good restaurants in the immediate vicinity. This hotel will definitely get my return business in the future.	
Apr 29 2006	Good value in a bargain hotel	Spent one night here, and it was exactly as it should have been: a quiet, unassuming, comfortable room at a fair price, convenient to the center of town. The continental breakfast is primitive, but there is much good food within a block of the hotel. Good value here.	
Mar 22 2006	Not bad hotel dodgy area	The hotel is just one block away from the fairly nasty Tenderloin area which you have to walk through to get to Union Square. I've never seen so many homeless people (this seems fairly typical of San Francisco) and my parents felt rather uneasy walking around the area. Luckily there is a very good public transport system with bus stop outside the hotel and also nearby to take you to Union Sq.The hotel is nice enough. Lobby was fine, check-in good and the room was of fair size. Some of the decor in the room and the bed linen seemed a bit dated but was clean. The hotel were able to accomodate my parents request for a smoking room.There is a small gym in the basement consisting of about 5 pieses of equipment and next door is a guest laundry. There is also a &quot;business centre&quot; with one computer but offers free internet access.Breakfast was adequate, bagels, cereal, bread, cake, egg, juice, tea and coffee though no sign of the famed waffle machine (though a sign was still there!)Good value for the money, pity about the area.	
Mar 8 2006	Great and close to everything!!	Easy check in. Close to transport. Room was clean, and comfortable. Staff were friendly, and knowlegable of the area. Great for the price, would reccommend.	
Mar 4 2006	A good effort La Quinta!	I was reasonably impressed with this hotel, check-in was swift and fairly simple and I received my room key. The room was a very good size and a huge king size bed awaited me.The decoration inside the hotel and rooms is sort of traditional, flowery wallpaper etc Its not really my taste, but for the money I paid $79 per night - I found it clean and comfortable.I thought the breakfast was fine, there was break for toast, bagels, waffles, apples, cereal, yoghurts etc Quite a nice mix of things really. The hotel stored my luggage after I checked out - very courteous and friendly.	
Feb 21 2006	Nice hotel in the heart of San Francisco	This is a nice middle of the road hotel conveniently located downtown; about 10 minutes walk from Union Square. The room was a good size, bathroom was small but clean and service from all staff was friendly and professional.This hotel is great value and we would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 13 2006	Nice Stay Good Breakfast	We got a great price through Priceline. I am all for saving a few dollars. A discount of about 75% off the rate posted in the room door and about 66% off the online rate @ laqunita[-]. We were doubly pleased to be right across the street from the last hotel we stayed (Cathedral Hill Hotel) for a couple of reasons. #1) We knew the area and how to get around to where we planned to go. #2) Parking. The Cathedral Hill Hotel has a public parking garage that offers $20 a day rate for hotel guests. La Quinta guests too. La Quinta’s parking is $28 a day. Check-in was a snap. I didn’t experience any of the overbooking problems I read from other reviews here. Our room was in the back of the hotel. The front desk called it &quot;The Terrace&quot;. Isn't not as pretty as the rest of the hotel, and has more of a motel feel with the view of the parking lot. BUT, the room we had was huge (Room 110). The décor wasn’t spectacular, though it was attractive, quiet and comfy. The hotel offers a nice extended continental breakfast (another great budget extender) where you can make your own waffles and as well as choose from other standard offerings. The lobby is bustling with breakfast eaters in the morning.	
Feb 3 2006 	Classy property good rates	This was my second stay at the property and I had the same good experience as the first. This place is a jewel on Van Ness. The place is not like other cheaply priced and basically appointed La Quinta Inns you'll see. The hotel is a charming place with Victorian accents and modern ammenities. I agree that Hamid at the reception desk is a bit abrasive, however. He needs a few lessons in courtesy and to ease up on the terseness of his check-in schpiel. The breakfast is hearty, the lobby pleasant and the rooms comfortable and affordable. I will stay here the next time I go to the city.	
Feb 3 2006	Excellent location nice room	Let me start by saying that my sense of adventure is using Priceline to get a hotel room. For this one, Priceline did not disappoint. I paid $55 room total for a weeknight stay, but had to pay an additional $20 to park in the garage across the street. Even without using Priceline, they charge the same price for parking.Front desk- Everyone we encountered at the front desk was efficient, but not friendly. Lobby was clean and well decorated. Room- Our Priceline room, usually the worst in the house, probably was. Our second floor room overlooked Van Ness Ave. at the busy intersection of Geary and Van Ness. I was a bit apprehensive when I saw this, but knew we had to be up early and thought the traffic sounds would wake me up right on time. This was not the case! The noise was actually minimal with the dual windows and curtains closed. The room was clean and well appointed (clock radio, iron, ironing board, coffee maker and coffee, desk, high speed internet conncetion, chairs, nice tv, and well lit, clean bathroom). The bathroom did only have a shower, but it was large enough for two not so small people. The water pressure was fabulous! This is a pet peeve of mine. I can take a shower at home in 5 minutes with great pressure or stand there 20 trying to get rinsed with the trickle. So the shower was quick and had hot water instantly.Service- La Quinta offers a continental breakfast. As a rule I check these out to see what they offer in reality. This breakfast was served 6-9:30 am in the lobby/dining room. There was the usual dry cereal, toast, coffee (strong) and juice (apple/orange). There was also a make-your-own waffle station, boiled eggs,prewrapped bagels and prepackaged peanut butter. The only disappointment was no fruit, vegetables, doughnuts or pastries. However, you could eat something and take a bagel and peanut butter for later. The whole dining area was immaculate and someone was present and cleaning the entire time.Overall- A pleasant experience. Also easy to find off the Bay Bridge. Directions from the front desk were much more direct than mapquest. My only complaint was the lack of fruit ( I really could, well should, do without the pastries).	
Jan 22 2006	Wonderful in spite of check-in hiccup!	I almost would be writing a negative review of this hotel if not for some fast turn-around on the behalf of the staff of this hotel. I had a nine hour flight from NYC and was tired as I walked in. Lovely lobby, charming without being overly done, very warm and inviting. I was met with by a man at the front desk (Hamid) who immediately put me on the defensive by telling me he had no reservation under my name! I immediately brought out my written confirmation and then he told me it had been cancelled! I had just reconfirmed with the front desk the week before, so I had no idea how this had happened. He did walk me in, not honoring the rate I had confirmed and gave me my key. I again questioned this to which I was told,&quot;You will have to fight it out with management tomorrow.&quot; As livid as I was I was in no mood to &quot;turn New York&quot; on him and went to my room. Room was nicely put together, king bed, desk, nice closet and on the inside right around the corner from the lobby so no traffic noise. Van Ness is terribly noisy so get one of these rooms if you stay here. Only drawback was a bigger dresser would have been nice as I stayed six nights. Bathroom was a nice size with good counter space, tub and shower were in a nice alcove. I was pleased with the room scheme and overall look. About a 1/2 hour later I received a call from the front desk from the overnight manager. She thought I was another guest who had extended and had no record of me being in the room! I immediately went to the front desk with my paperwork and couldn't have found a more accomodating and apologetic person to work this out. She was wonderful, honored my rate and also reprogrammed the key for six nights instead of only one as the guy before did. I then felt confident the rest of my stay would go smoothly, as it did. This is a wonderful hotel with nice rooms, wonderful breakfast each morning (the waffles are awesome) and close to everything. The rooms are kept clean and I would liken it to a &quot;no-frills&quot; Inn with a boutique feel. I would stay here again on my next trip to San Francisco.	
Dec 31 2005	Charming!	Charming, homey place to stay! I was a bit apprehensive at first when booking a room here since it was located near the not so nice part of the city, but I was pleasantly surprised by the Victorian charm of this hotel. Our room was quite big compared to other hotel rooms I've stayed in. The buffet breakfast was quite filling and delicious. Transportation is also very convenient. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful.	
Dec 22 2005	No Room At the Inn...	We arrived at this hotel at 11pm, worn and weary after a long flight from the UK, only to be told that the hotel had overbooked and there were no rooms left. This was somewhat disappointing given I had booked and paid for our accommodation in full over a month previously. In addition, I had called earlier in the day during our stop over in Philadelphia to say that we wouldn't be in until about 11pm and check everything was OK - I had been assured it was...And so we found ourselves shuttled off at 11pm to a what we were told was an equivalent-standard, family run hotel nearby. This turned out to be a tired and grotty motel in the red light district that was crawling with prostitutes and drug dealers. We were put on the first floor which had patio doors with a dodgy lock that was easily accessible. We spent a very uneasy night then headed with our luggage straight back to the La Quinta in the morning. We demanded a room or an upgrade to a better hotel rather than one of inferior quality to what we had paid for. Fortunately they now had a room available and the rest of our stay there was fine. I must say the staff did apologise for what happened and were nice enough trying to sort things out. The error had occurred at central booking and wasn't their fault, but it did create a pretty poor start to our holiday. If you make a booking here you'll really need to make sure the hotel is ready to honour it!	
Dec 21 2005	Awful Stay	For all you princesses this is not a place for you! My boyfriend and i stayed at the La Quinta Downtown from Friday December 16th to December 19th and we couldn't wait to get out of this hotel. When we got to the room, we were flabergasted by the size of the room and bathroom (#302. It was so tiny. After touring the city and walking 10-15 miles in one night, we came back to the room, turned down the sheets and on the right side of the bed found a very odd stain on the sheets. This was totally unacceptable for any hotel, let alone one that got 4 stars on many websites including this one. We have stayed in many hotels that were in the $90-$150 night range hotel and have never had this experience. Don't stay here if clean sheets are your priority!	
Dec 19 2005	Excellent	Pros:Beautiful room, comfortable bed (it was king size), great complimentary breakfast (waffle, yogurt, orange juice,apple juice, coffe, cereal, bread, bagle, boiled egg), adequate room space and bathroom. Fancy lobby. Good access to everywhere. Good price when booked through Priceline or Hotwire. Cons:Limited vending machines, no business center, slow WiFi, thin wall and floor.If you come here from SFO, you can take BART($4.95) to Powel station, buy City Pass($42) in information center, take muni bus from Geary (short walk from the station).Walgreen is several blocks away. I recommend Swan Oyster Depot.	
Nov 23 2005 	one of the best hotel service	I booked for three day stay in this hotel. All I can say is that they provide excellent service plus the fact that they are one of the cheapest. The hotel was nice with gold accents from the front door to the reception hall. They have a free breakfast with waffles, cereals, fruits, eggs, bread and whole lot moree. My room was awesome (try to get 413). It has a big window showing san francisco view. It is very clean as well as the bathroom. They provide highspeed internet and cable tv. Everyday the housekeeping cleans the room and replaces everything with new ones. I would recommend this hotel and would like to stay once more if i visit sf again..tahnks hermie, hamid and all the staff!	
Nov 3 2005	great value..excellent staff..world`s best pastrami across street	this place is a downright bargain..helpfull staff (bryant &amp; peter)really take care of you..centrally located in town..many resturants nearby (the hof brau across the street is great with super low prices and the worlds best pastrami)and a restaurant on the premises..a Vietnamese restaurant around the corner has an excellent bahn type meatball sandwich for $2.50...many bars, some with music..2 movie theaters within 3 blocks (didnt come to SF to see a movie)...had a great stay.	
Oct 25 2005	Don't!!!!	we came all the way from Israel, paid 2 months in advance just to find out they &quot;over bookd&quot; pepole for the hotel and &quot;they are very sorry but you can't stay here&quot;. as an aleternative they sent us to a cheap and ugly motel.The lady at the frount desk admited they have been overbooking pepole for some time and that we are not the first to be in that problem. For your own good please stay away! No way you can trust what you order is what you get.	
Aug 16 2005	sleepless nights and mornings	Stayed in this hotel for five nights july 2005. Unlss you wants no sleep from 5.a.m. onwards, do not stay here. The walls have to be made of cardboard! Also, not a great location as the area was quite unpleasant and rundown. When I returned home, I discovered that as well as settling the bill with cash, the same amount had been charged to my credit card. All and all, a very disappointing experience and certainly significantly overpriced for the cost. Would not recommend this property at all.	
Aug 15 2005	Good stay at the La Quinta Inn 	We stayed at the LaQuinta Inn and Suites from August 6-9 after getting a great price on Hotwire (less than half of the rack rate on the company web site!). The hotel was very conveniently located along Van Ness Blvd. (near City Hall) and had a really great bus line for tourists right outside the door. The #47 bus had a stop less than a block away takes you to Ghiradelli Square, Fisherman's Wharf or SBC Park. There are other bus lines very close that were convenient to take to Union Square or Chinatown. Although other reviews had us skeptical of the neighborhood (maps show the hotel on the edge of the Tenderloin- tour books note this is a bit of a rough area), we didn't feel unsafe or have any problems in the area. However, we were not out late at night, so maybe the area is not as safe late. The hotel is also a moderate, but uphill, hike from the Civic Center BART station that we took from the Oakland airport. I would recommend jumping on the 47 or 49 bus going north from near the city hall rather than hiking up the hill with luggage to get there if arriving via BART. The hotel is adjacent to a movie theater and also has some restaurants (fast food type) and a Walgreens a short distance away. For bus transportation (and streetcar and cable car), we found the Muni Pass to be a good value. We rode the buses a lot, so if you only ride once or twice a day, pay cash instead (it'll be a better value at $1.25/ride). Part of the benefit of the muni pass was the ability to jump on any transportation (including cable cars that were normally $3/ride) at any point in the day and not having to have exact change on you. Just show your pass to the driver and go. The hotel staff was helpful in giving directions and suggested buses to take to get to our destinations. The room was small and so was the bathroom, but both were clean and in pretty good shape. The bathroom could use an exhaust fan though for clearing out steam from a shower. The room looked out onto Van Ness (a busy road), but from the 3rd floor street noise was not a problem. The hotel feels a bit aged throughout, but not run down. The hotel offered a free breakfast each morning. You will want to get to that early, as the breakfast room is small with few tables and it fills fast. Breakfast included bagels (not fresh), cereal (could have used skim milk- they only offered 2% or whole), yogurt, fruit, toast and belgian waffles (make your own). I would stay here again if I'm in San Francisco, especially at the rate I got on Hotwire.	
Jul 7 2005	Convenient Place to Stay	Stayed one night on a quick trip in and out of town. Had booked a Hotwire rate of $72.95 (with taxes), but were surprised with a $28.50 per day parking fee (on premises) when we checked in. Have seen &quot;park free&quot; rates quoted for $114. Rate was still competitive and we were very pleased with the hotel. Staff was great, acted like they truly enjoyed serving. Location is excellent for driving quickly to all the tourist sites. Would go there again for sure.	
Jun 27 2005	Fabulous for the price	I am giving this hotel an excellent, because I only paid $51 thru priceline a night and believe I got a bargain. The room was small, admittedly, but nicely decorated and clean. The hotelstaff were all very courteous, and the two complaints I had (toilet stopped up once and noisy neighbors Friday night) were taken care of within 30 minutes. The breakfast is pretty good for a continental breakfast: fresh waffles, apples and oranges, Yoplait yogurt, bagels, toast, danishes, boiled eggs. The location is pretty good as well. It's about a ten minute walk to the cable car stop at Market Street, and a less than ten minutes bus ride to Fisherman's Wharf and less than 20 minutes to Golden Gate Park. There's a bus stop right in front of the hotel, and they come about every 8 minutes. My only word of caution: stay away from Mel's diner - the food's no good for the price.	
Apr 20 2005	Pretty good hotel	Hotel was clean and staff was very courteous. I would definatley stay here again. They have a free continental breakfast in the mornings with waffles, bagels,cereal and toast, also an assortment of fruit. The hotel is right along a main bus line so getting around is easy.One thing that I did not like was that the walls are very thin and when your neighbor got up to take a shower in the morning you could here the shower going pretty loudly. Also make sure you get an inside room if street noise is a problem because like any other city it is a problem here. If you are not comfortable taking the bus then this hotel might be a little far from all the sights. If you want to be right in the thick of things then stat at the wharf. Also recommend North Beach District for resturants.	
Mar 28 2005	A great hotel	We stayed here for two nights off of a last-minute Expedia vacation package.The hotel is nicely situated, making it possible to walk to a variety of SF area attractions. The really nice Hotel lobby is the first thing that you see when you walk in- not typical of a La Quinta: the hotel is an upscale La Quinta. This ranks up there with some of the nicest hotels we have stayed at. Would definetly stay here again and would recommend it to others.	
Mar 17 2005	Good overall experience	The overall experience was positive. We stayed there for a night in January 2005. The hotel is clean and in a very good location. Here are the quirks. In the first room we were assigned the phone was not working. They did change our room promptly. They do have Internet ports in each room and they are free of charge. Also, the front desk told me that there was wireless Internet in the entire hotel, but it turned out they only had wireless in the lobby.	
Feb 1 2005 	overauthorised creditcard for services they dont even sell	this is the old hotel richielieu-it used to be very expensive-nwo that it is a 'la quinta' (in name, anyway) its a bit cheaper-HOWEVER- i would ONLY reserve rooms here at lq and use promo code 'lmd' otherwse, you will get hit for a c-note or better.-that said, i would only use your CC for ID, and pay CASH-becuase they will 'double' charge your card 'temporarily' for 'incidentals' you MIGHT use, (such as pay-per-view)(this wouldnt be so bad, but they don;t HAVE pay per-view available-they don't even have HBO!.-other than that its pretty much the same as any la quinta-also, no tub, just shower.	
Jan 30 2005	overauthorised mastercard for services they dont sell to begin with.	Pros: location, location, location.Cons: 100% overauthorization of mastercard for nonexistent services REALLY annoying.now, if any of you read my la quinta review of the boulder/louisville property, you know that i had a devil of a time when they 'fixed' an overcharge on my debit mastrcard-as happens, tho, THIS time, i was aware of the '10%' temp surcharge for incidentals (such as pay-per-view)-so i made a reservation using code 'LMD' at la quintaroom price 49.99 'temp over authorisation' for 'incidentals' such as pay-per-view and laundry: $49.99 yes, thats right, my card was overauthorised not the standard '10'percent, but rather 100% of the price of the room. heres the kicker:the hotel did not even HAVE pay-per-view for sale, nor did they even have HBO. the laundry wasnt billed to the room key, either , it was COIN-so said overauth was just STUPID. la quinta,CORPORATE however, to their credit , gave me enough points in my returns account for a free night elsewhere, when they got wind of how long (possbly two weeks)it was going to take to get my extra 50 bucks back. also, unlike most la quintas, no tubs, just showers.	
Jan 24 2005	Great location good value for families of FIVE!	We just came back and I was very pleased with the hotel. The location is really excellent. You can walk to many places or use the public transportation with ease. The staff is extremely helpful. I was watching them for a while and they are always ready to explain and share information. They give you the best options without you even asking!! Their breakfast is perfect to start the morning. Waffles, juice, hard boiled eggs... We are a family of 5 and we asked for a &quot;roll-away&quot; bed. The hotel is NOT luxurious, but the shower has a 5 star pressure! Just lovely after a long day walk. If you are planning to visit San Francisco, spend little time in the hotel ... this is an excellent choice. Is really a budget oriented choice but very very convenient!	
Jan 8 2005	Great value real character	Stayed here for 4 nights over Christmas 2005 and was very impressed from start to finish. The place shows its late-Victorian heritage and has real character (winding corridors, decor, etc) as opposed to the cookie-cutter layout sometimes encountered in chain hotels.The decor in our room and some of the common areas could do with a refresh, but the hotel was otherwise clean and well-maintained.Check-in and -out was efficient and courteous, and hotel staff were very helpful with suggestions on local transport and activities. The fitness centre was small but pretty well-equipped for the size.It's a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel to the California St cable car, or about a 30 min walk to Fisherman's Wharf, so well placed for getting to the major visitor attractions.If you want to stay away from the tourist masses in the Fisherman's Wharf area, the La Quinta Downtown is great value at $60/night (including the basic continental breakfast), although this was a special rate booked several months in advance so may not always be available.	
Dec 15 2004	Good place for a 'home base' for a San Francisco Visit	If you are going to visit San Francisco for to visit the tourist attractions, this is a great place. The breakfast is soooo yummy, and the tours pick you right up from the hotel. (Just avoid the one-day Yosemite tour - it was HORRIBLE!). THe rooms are clean although small. THe staff were very nice and helpful. If you have time, the winery/muir woods tour is great. The restaurant next door was good for diner food, but definately venture to Chinatown and other areas of SF to eat.	
Nov 29 2004	Great place!	I stayed here for three nights over the Thanksgiving holiday. It was a very pleasant experience. Very friendly and helpful staff. Large room on the backside away from traffic. The best was the pre-paid parking. I booked on Expedia and included parking. A great deal! Parking was just behind the hotel and connected. Very easy and safe. Didn't use the breakfast buffet. Just went to Mel's Diner right in the hotel. This is my new place to stay in San Francisco! Only improvement would be high-speed internet. Otherwise, perfect!	
Nov 17 2004	Great value and helpful staff	After reading the reviews at Tripadvisor scheduled a two night stay at this hotel. The rooms were well maintained and clean. The staff were especially helpful seeming to go out of their way to help. The complimentary breakfast included boiled eggs to satisfy those on a low-carb diets, plus fresh waffles for those requiring a sugar boost to last the day. Excellent value for money.	
Nov 12 2004 	Great place to stay	I had the pleasure of staying at the La Quinta on Nov 4 &amp; 5 for a nearby conference. The room was clean, quiet and very affordable for the San Francisco area. In addition, the hotel staff were pleasant and efficient. The conference I attended was across the street at the Cathedral Hill hotel. Thanks to the reviews on Trip Advisor, I chose to stay at La Quinta rather than the conference hotel. After hearing many of the conference attendees complain about the rooms at the Cathedral Hill, I made the right choice. The La Quinta Inn and Suites is a wonderful hotel for business as well as pleasure travel and I would definitely stay again.	
Oct 27 2004	Great price and location - jackpot of a deal!	We were only in SF for one night on Sept. 25 on our way to Yosemite - so I tried to balance price with convenience and hit the jackpot with this hotel. We paid $89 and the car stayed free! There was a little bit of confusion with the parking when we arrived but it was straightened out immediately and we had a nice spot right as you drive in the lot. We came and went so I feel the deal with parking was incredible. As for the continental breakfast it was one of the best either of us has ever seen - hot fresh waffles - yum. Sure beats the pre-wrapped packaged sweet rolls we have had to settle for in many other places. Maybe we just hit the timing right - it was about 9 AM - because the food was plentiful and as for the crowd, we shared a table with a lovely couple from Florida and there was room at other tables too.Our room view was of the center shaft of the building (but we always keep the drapes closed anyway) and the room was pretty well filled with king size bed, but it was clean and had enough room for one night. My only recommendation is to try and avoid getting the room ( I can't remember the number - 236?) right behind the lobby if you are a light sleeper- you can hear the bell from the elevator every time the door opened. This place is one great deal!	
Oct 22 2004	We'd stay here again	We are big walkers, so we found this a great location. If you're not, there's LOTS of public transportation. The room was adequately equipped, clean but a little dated. Didn't really bother us. The continental breakfast is a mob scene: here's what to do instead - buy/bring some coffee filters and some ground coffee and make your own in the room. Bring back the stuff from the buffet and eat it in the room. There's not enough room to eat and it's not well organized. The area's not that great at night (lots of shady looking characters who beg), but if you walk a few streets North, you can head to Union Square and feel OK. And, if you want to buy an expensive car for say $250,000 the opportunity is available just diagonally from hotel. Also, there's tons of movies within walking distance. Staff REALLY friendly and helpful.	
Oct 22 2004	Great Deal	We stayed 4 nights in September 04 in this hotel. At first, I have to say, we reached it very easily with the public transport from the airport, a busstop is in front of the hotel. So it was also very easy to go around the next days. The last day we had a car and found a parking place in a street next to the hotel. So we didn't have to pay the high rate for parking the hotel wanted to charge. The area around the hotel is in fact not the best, but we kept on Van Ness St. and nothing happened.The room seemed to be a little bit old, but it was very clean and equipped with A/C and TV. It was spacious and quiet.The breakfast is okay, you can make your own waffles, bagels and toasts. But there are missing fresh things like cheese or ham or bacon etc. They got fresh fruits. But the chaos each morning is horrifying-there are missing some tables and chairs. The staff was friendly and very helpful.Overall a good place to stay.	
Oct 13 2004	La Quinta La Great!!!	Great property! The staff were awesome and you can't beat the price. A little bit out of the way, but great if you like walking and want to get to know the public transport.	
Oct 6 2004	Overall very satisfied with hotel	My partner and I stayed at the La Quinta hotel for price, location and consistency. The hotel is fairly well located, within 10 blocks to the Muni and Union Square. The location, however, also is in the midst of a lot of SRO hotels with homeless and strays, but they presented no real problems. The hotel was very comfortable and the room enjoyable, and an excellent price of $99/night (king room) in SFO. The hotel has a good restaurant, Mel's Diner (from LA) which is open nearly all night. We took the BART from SFO and exited at Civic Center, and didn't mind the walk to the hotel (go west 3 blocks to Van Ness and then turn right for 8-10 blocks), a better deal at $4.95/person versus shuttles. The BART plus walking took about an hour.Hotel staff very nice, room comfortable, breakfast good (although crowded and a bit chaotic) and overall a very pleasant stay.	
Sep 30 2004	Nice staff frenzied breakfast		
Sep 23 2004	nice area?!		
Aug 22 2004	A Clean Well-Located Hotel		
Aug 5 2004	Awesome for the money		
Jul 12 2004	On a budget this is your hotel.		
Jun 23 2004	Great Stuff		
May 4 2004	Perfect/Reasonable		
May 3 2004	Great on a budget!		
Feb 10 2004	Great find for the price		
Nov 16 2003	Excellent stay...would go back		
Aug 13 2009 	Furto in stanza e comportamento sgarbato del personale		
Aug 6 2009 	Schlimmer geht es (fast) nicht		
Jul 2 2009 	Bonne affaire grand séjour ! ! Je le recommande !		
May 16 2009 	hotel sympathique trés bien placé		
May 13 2009 	dai in fondo va bene!		
Mar 19 2009 	Une direction peu scrupuleuse...		
Jan 18 2009 	nos defraudo el hotel		
Nov 28 2008 	Hotel vieillissant		
Nov 26 2008 	Opal und SF. Was will man mehr?		
Aug 22 2008	Bon hôtel		
Aug 20 2008 	Correcto y buen ubicado		
Aug 14 2008 	Überbucht! Überparkt! Überfordert!		
Feb 13 2008 	Una buona scelta		
Feb 12 2008 	Zentrale Lage		
Nov 8 2007 	Super endroit		
Jul 17 2007 	Sauber ruhig günstig und gute Lage		
May 5 2007 	Wir waren begeistert		
