	Roomy!	Stayed in room that was one up from standard room (free upgrade). Room was super roomy, with various furniture but I felt comfortable. I remember a great view of the cityscape at night and spotlessly clean bathroom. I had forgotten my PJs so slept in their really comfy robe. There's also free wifi in the rooms and in the lobby. Very elegant rooms, and the staff was super nice.Located right near market street - pretty good base to then go to explore the city.	
Nov 12 2009 	Fabulous!	I loved everything about it and the Tea Service was excellent!	
Nov 11 2009 	Excellent location	Beautiful and historic hotel in the middle of downtown. Only a few blocks away from Chinatown and good shopping and very close to BART. The room was nicely furnished, although a little small. Some of the street noises could be heard from the room. Hotel services were excellent and the breakfast buffet was very good.	
Nov 11 2009 	Worst stay	This has to be some of the worst customer service around.The employees are on strike and have incessentally pounding drums the whole time and all the management will offer are ear plugs.The rooms are not cleaned properly, you get harrased going in and out of the hotel.	
Nov 10 2009 	a step above four points	We checked in and out the same day. We had fond memories of the hotel, yet the seven years between our visits were unkind to the Palace. It's in dire need of a makeover. The hallways seem dirty, the rooms are old and musty, the bathrooms outdated. For a one night business stay it's fine, but anything else I would advise looking elsewhere. We went to the St Regis and although we paid a few hundred dollars more it was well worth it.	
Nov 8 2009 	Beautiful hotel - Small rooms	This is a very beautiful classic hotel that has been around for a very long time. They have done a great job of keeping up the hotel. However, because it is so old, the rooms are very small. The gym could also use some upgrading. We really enjoyed our stay and thought that the staff was very attentive.	
Oct 19 2009 	Beautiful hotel in a great location but the front desk staff needs improvement.	The room was spacious and clean , but a bit noisy. The hotel is older and needs new windows. The location is very convenient. The front desk messed up our reservation several times and our bill wrong. We were overchanger by over $400. They did credit back the error amount.	
Oct 16 2009 	Nice Hotel	I stayed here on business and the hotel itself has an old style. The rooms were clean and well proportioned. Only damper on the experience was noise from the room next door while they had shower each morning. The bar in the hotel was small and packed most nights. It is located 1 block from the conference centre, so very central.	
Oct 16 2009 	Plush Classic Charm.	Beautiful hotel, looks exactly as it does in the photos they have on their official website. Lobby is beautiful, so is the garden room with chandeliers and glass ceiling. Swimming pool lovely to unwind in.Great location. If you want to feel like you are having a treat everytime you step into your hotel then stay here. The gold and marble are very regal. We didnt eat in hotel or have breakfast there so cant review that.Overall vibe and look of hotel is absolutely beautifull and a real treat to come back to after a long day sightseeing. Definately would recomend to friends, sisters, parents etc etc.	
Oct 13 2009 	A beautiful hotel with a rich history	I stayed at the Palace Hotel recently and thoroughly enjoyed it. The hotel is quite beautiful inside with beautiful ceilings, architectural details and decor. There is a nice bar (The Pied Piper) where we relaxed and enjoyed drinks before dinner. The room (king) wasn't huge nor was the bathroom, but that didn't matter at all to us, there was plently of room for our needs. The bed and linens were very comfortable and everything was very clean. There are high ceilings in the room with crown molding which adds a nice touch. The only comment I can make about the room is that for a hotel of this caliber, I found the towels quite substandard. I'd expect large, plush towels (they do provide you with terry bathrobes) but they were instead small and kind of rough. That's about the only negative thing I can say.The bellmen were very attentive as well as the other staff. I had two minor issues to call maintenance about: Although they said the windows are able to be opened, I couldn't get ours opened. When I called for help (at 10:00 at night) they had a maintenace person to my room within 5 minutes to help (and he did!) I liked the fact that the windows opened as I enjoy fresh cool air over the air conditioner. The next day I noticed my refrigerator didn't seem to work and I mentioned it to the front desk as I left for breakfast. They promised to get someone to fix it right away and they did - by the time I returned from breakfast, it was working properly. Our flight was very late in the evening the day we checked out and the bellman happily held our luggage all day so that we could still enjoy the sights of San Francisco. The BART is right outside the hotel door, which couldn't be any easier or more convenient to get to the airport or any other sights on the BART line. And it was quite convenient to walk to Union Square, or North Beach or China Town, which I did several times. I would definitely stay there again without hesitation!	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Family Hotel in Downtown San Francisco	We stayed at the Palace Hotel during a brief trip to San Francisco and loved our time there. The indoor pool was a tremendous hit, as was the downtown location. We loved our windows looking out over the city, and being close to a number of restaurants and public transport. The hotel itself is lovely, the staff courteous and attentive, and the rooms are spacious.	
Oct 8 2009 	Old World Elegance	The Palce Hotel is everything we were hoping for. The hotel is a piece of history, very beautiful and the staff was great.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful hotel and rooms but service (concierge valet) lacking	Best points: Proximity to waterfront and other attractions, beautiful historic hotel, very clean room, small but functional fitness center.Not-so-great: 1. Parking fees exorbitant like most downtown hotels. 2. Walls are thin. I could hear people having a conversation in the next room and people down the hallway sounded like they were right outside the door. 3.Service was bad-- Concierge: I tried using the concierge 3 times and all 3 were unpleasant experiences. I called down once to ask what bus to take and after being on hold for a couple of minutes, they told me to come down to the desk, where I waited for 10 minutes, ran out of time and had to leave. Second and third tries unsuccessful as well. Bell service: I felt like the bellman was very rude after I gave him his gratuity. Overall: I got a great price on the hotel, so it was well worth it. It is a beautiful, centrally-located hotel. The French boulangerie down the street is delightful.	
Oct 8 2009 	Elegant but pricey	I stayed there for a business trip and it was nice, but kind of dated. The service was great, but a bit on the pricey side.	
Oct 8 2009 	Best night's sleep!	Clean, comfortable and luxurious hotel. It's older, but I appreciate the charm. The bed was so comfortable I didn't want to get up in the morning. My only complaint is the internet access -- spotty and unreliable.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very Nice Old-Style Hotel	When you first walk in the front entrance to the hotel, the first thing you see is the grand dining room with the high glass ceiling with a huge chandelier hanging down in the middle. The whole hotel has that 1930's-1940's feel to it. All the hallways are wide and the rooms (at least the one we were in) have high ceilings. The room size was decent. The bath was a bit small and nothing fancy. The bed was OK, but not the Heavenly Bed that I have had at other Starwood properties. Our room faced Market Street, which can be a little noisy, but it wasn't that bad. If you can get one that doesn't face Market, that would probably be advisable. The location is great as Union Square is just blocks away along with all the shopping you want. The Montgomery Street station for BART/MUNI is on the same corner, so it is convenient to take BART from the airport as you walk right out of the station and walk right into the hotel (the $8 BART ride is much cheaper than a cab or shuttle). The historic streetcar line also runs down Market with a stop right outside if you want to take it down to the Wharf. We didn't have a car, so I can't speak to parking, but there is a garage right across the street next to the best little sandwich counter (you'll see the line out the door). Overall the service was great. The doormen out front were helpful, but not pushy like some can be. The location was the key for me as it is in a busy area in the middle of the action.	
Oct 3 2009 	Gorgeous Hotel!	I took my wife to her favorite hotel for her b-day. We've been here twice before. The first visit was on our wedding night and they gave us a free upgrade to great room. The second time we were celebrating an anniversary and they surprised us with free champagne and chocolate covered Strawberies in our room. This last time we ate in the hotel on three different occasions and each time were surprised with a free birthday dessert complete with sparkling candle. Needless to say our experience with their service has been great.The Common areas in the hotel are incredible. There is no other space on the west coast like the Palace's Garden Court. We also love the Pied Piper Bar.The rooms are nice but not extravagant, although the upgraded room was very nice. They are clean with plenty of room for two and come with a nice large flat screen t.v. The walls tend to be a bit thin IMO. (I think the couple in the room next to us was on their honeymoon, if you know what I mean)The location is excellent. We left our car at a BART station and took the train to Montgomery Station where we popped up right in front of the hotel. It is a short 3 block walk to Union Square where you have tons of shopping, restaurants and theaters.Yes, the parking is expensive at the Palace but this is SF! Parking is expenxive everywhere...$45 - $50 is the norm in SF. However, there is a Hearst Garage behind the Palace where you can park your own car for around $20. This garage is not open 24 hours but it is one of the cheapest in SF and it is pretty secure.The Palace is gorgeous, don't miss it!	
Oct 2 2009 	One of the nicest hotel experiences I've had...	went to San Fran with some friends for a long weekend and an excursion out to Wine Country. We got a killer deal on a suite, which I couldn't pass up. I had considered the Westin Market Street, but we got a much bigger room at the Palace for only a little more. We went all out for this trip, and started it in style. We had a Rolls transfer to the hotel from SFO, and the bellman kindly snapped our picture. Check-in was easy.The room...was huge. We had a view of Montgomery Street below, and tons of room for the 4 of us to lounge about. The sauna was broken, which was about the only downside...the other being the long line for coffee in the mornings. The pool was nice being on the roof. I love nicer hotels for one main reason: the lack of children! The pool and hot tub were vacant of them. The maids were unseen, as they should be, and arrange the mess of clothes every day...nicely trained, and appropriate tipped later.Likes: Understated elegance, location, price, and size of suiteDislikes: line for coffee and the stream of tourist in the lobby also scamming on the aforementioned coffee.Overall: A San Fran institution. Once the largest hotel, if memory serves me. Worth a visit, if only to drink the coffee in the lobby, haha	
Sep 21 2009 	Poor service the Palace Hotel is very disappointing	I wanted to stay in this historic Palace Hotel since I had a couple of free SPG weekend free nights to use. I've stayed at most of the SPG hotels in San Francisco. Check in was terrible - ended up waiting 15 minutes in line because there was only one person working the front desk. No one would help her. As a platinum member, I am use to getting free upgraded rooms or at least put on the top floor with a view. I was given a honeymoon suite in pH Las Vegas and a suite over looking the La Ramblas in Barcenlona - and this was a total 180.At the Palace Hotel, I was given a room with NO view, one of the inside rooms. The room was bland, and there was nothing luxurious about it. Since it was a free weekend stay, I guess we didn't complain about it that much since we would be out and about. I also know noticed I was one of the select few on my floor to get a paper, so I know there wasn't that many platinum status members staying at the hotel. I found out the SF 49ers were having a dinner for the former owner Eddie D that night. I saw former 49ers stars which kinda made my day.The maid staff was the worst. I even left a good tip for them after my first night. We used up the shampoo, conditioner, and soap and they did NOT replenish it. And as a platinum guest, I didn't even get another free bottle water. How cheap is this hotel??!! The gym was quite small and they didn't even provide water. At least the Westin SF gives ppl working out bottle water, but NOT this place.The atrium is nice I will admit. The only thing this hotel has going for them is the name because I will not stay here again nor recommend it. There are plenty of other fine hotels in SF to stay at. Disappointed in the service and room quality.	
Sep 20 2009 	Good hotel but not a great value	The Palace is a very nice hotel. It is in a great location. Within a short walk of the Ferry Building, Union Square, and Chinatown. Also, it is across the street from the Montgomery St. BART station, making it very easy to get in from the airport or travel to the East Bay. The rooms, while not enormous, are very nicely furnished and clean.Now the downside...This hotel has a very high opinion of itself. Sure, it is a very nice hotel. The ballroom is incredible, but charging more than $30 for an average breakfast is outrageous. A concierge who scoffs when you ask for an inexpensive dinner option seems uncalled for. And a $100 security charge which they leave on your credit card for up to a week after your stay is completely unnecessary, especially when they don't tell you about it or ask for you to authorize it.In the end, this is a very good hotel but you can probably do better and maybe even get a room with a view.	
Sep 20 2009 	It may LOOK like a Palace on the surface but that's as far as it goes.	I'm a Starwood Platinum Preferred Guest (also Platinum with Marriott Rewards), so I have stayed at my fair share of hotels. When I had the opportunity to use 3 free weekend nights in San Francisco, I decided on the Palace Hotel because I've already experience Westin, W and Sheraton...and the St. Regis wasn't available. So I wanted to give the Luxury Collection a chance.Upon check-in, there were no upgrades available. I don't mind staying in a standard room, but this room hardly met any &quot;standards&quot; I have for a &quot;luxury&quot; hotel. The room had an unpleasant odor (mildew, mold, perhaps). And regardless of the fact that I turned the temperature down to 70, the thermostat never dropped below 72 and that still felt more like 75. I also had an alley view. And the cellphone reception was awful - so my internet barely worked. I'd seen similar complaints about the room temperature and reception in other reviews...I wish that I would have listened!!!I contacted the morning manager after hearing from a front desk attendant that the rooms will not get any cooler than 72 degrees. The manager said that she'd send engineering up right away. They did not come during the 90 minutes I waited in my room. And when I returned 3 hours later, I had no indication of whether they'd come or if anything was done. I walked down to the front desk and the evening manager had no information, but looked into it and found out there was nothing they could do about the temperature. I called SPG to see if I could be moved to a different hotel, but there were no options that night. So SPG contacted the Palace Hotel who said that I could try a different room. On my way downstairs to get the new keys I bumped into a couple who had their door open and were trying to adjust the temperature in their room because it was too warm. I kindly informed them that was as good as it gets.Upon inspection of the new room - a Deluxe Room on a higher floor - I found it had no odor and also felt cooler (closer to a true 72 degrees). So I relocated. The downside, the room had a connecting door to the next room and I could hear the conversations as if they were in the same room. I was able to stuff towels under the significant gap beneath the door, which helped.The next day I woke up thinking I could tolerate staying my last of three nights. But my positive feelings quickly faded as I attempted to use the fitness facility and found that my key would not open the door. I had to go back down to the front desk, only to find out that my keys were still active and the door should open. She said that she'd have security meet me at the gym. I tried my keys again several times, until another patron opened the door for me. I inquired on whether he had any trouble getting in and he said that the door was a little tricky. In hindsight, I also remember the guy in front of my the day before having trouble opening the door. I waited for security and he reiterated that the door can be tricky. If you know that a door only works SOME of the time, why wouldn't you fix it?I reached my final straw when I got back to my room later in the day after sightseeing and neither of my room keys would open my own room door. Apparently the front desk attendant who switched my rooms didn't do the due dilligence to ensure that they were programmed for my two remaining nights. I went straight to my room and called SPG to be transferred to another hotel. To top it off, the same front desk attendant informed the SPG agent that I would be charged $100 for an early departure. After the steam finished exploding from my ears I told the SPG agent I would walk back downstairs and speak with the front desk attendent myself. The agent put me on hold to allow the Palace front desk attendent to drop from the line. When she came back she said that they'd decided to waive the $100 fee - as if they were doing me a favor after 3 consecutive days of problems.If you are interested in experiencing the legacy of the Palace Hotel, might I suggest you simply stop by, walk around the lobby and perhaps even visit the bar/restaurant. But do NOT pay for a room, unless you can appreciate a warm bedroom, possibly the odor of mildew/mold and you don't mind POOR SERVICE!Oh...if I had to say something nice about the hotel...they have a really nice pool, with windows all above it. And they have individual TV monitors for the cardio equipment, but they only have 3 ellipticals and 3 treadmills, so get there early or you'll be stuck on a bike.	
Sep 20 2009 	Excellent location but pricey	After much deliberation and hours spending on trip advisor's review pages, finally decided on the palace for our week long trip and had a great deal from hotels.com website.The palace is a very historical hotel but is up to date. It is in an excellent location if you want to explore San Francisco. 5-10 minutes walk to union sqaure for shopping and the same to powell street for cable cars. The Montgomery BART station is right outside the hotel the escalators bring you right next to the market street enterance of hotel, so if you want to take the BART trains from SFO airport, it is not a problem at all. This is what we did.Also the MUNI underground is in the same place and the buses and F-line street car to Fisherman's wharf all are right outside the hotel.The rooms are a decent size with reasonable amenities such as safe, TV, ironing board, toiletries, bath robes but no tea or coffee making facilites or complimentary water bar a small bottle on arrival. You can go to the lobby every morning for complimentary hot drinks but most hotels i have stayed provide this service in the room facilities. The room service costs are ridiculous and there is no mini bar but a fridge is available in the room. The internet charges are ridiculous in the room with a hard wiring to the computer. I recommend you go to the lobby where they have free wi-fi.The conceirge advice was hit and miss but they were friendly. There is free online check in service next to the conceierge desk in the lobby which is a nice touch.Didnt have time to use the restaurants or bar on site or the swimming pool/gym so cant comment on those.Do recommend the cafe which is attached to the hotel on market street for breakfast and this is open 7 days a week. There are lots of eateries for breakfast/lunch within a block of the hotel but only during the week since most were closed at weekend but guess you are in the financial district.Overall great location with reasonable service. Would recommend if you ae staying in San Francisco.	
Sep 19 2009 	THE PALACE IN SAN FRANCISCO DON'T EXPECT A LOT on a Free Night!	There I was checking in at one of the greatest legend hotels in North America &quot;The Palace&quot;. As I stood there in front of the hotel Concierge while being checked in, he advised me that my room was not ready and there were no upgrades available. The hotel had no extra amenities and the parking was $48.00 per night for my rental car!!My room has a terrible view of the back alley and the four poster bed was in fact a three poster! my advise to any Starwood member trying to get any kind of amenities at any of the luxury collections including the Grand Hotel in Rome, The Planet Hollywood in Vegas and the Palace in San Francisco, forget it! These hotels do not recognize Platinum members and are seemingly cold at the front desk. Desite the elegance and beauty of the hotel lobby and restaurant, my free night stay ended up costing me more than $205.00 including Parking, Room Service, Breakfast and tips all around.	
Sep 17 2009 	Affordable style in a great location.	The Palace Hotel is a great base for a visit San Francisco being just a short walk or ride from almost anywhere. We really enjoyed our stay there, the place has a sense of character and history, presumably being built just after the earthquake. The best part – the ridiculously cheap price! We paid less than 240 pounds for three nights through Expedia, and that was for a slightly upgraded ‘superior’ room. That said, best to consider it room only, as you would have to be wealthy to use the bar or restaurant. Who needs to with all sorts of eating places just outside.The room was not particularly spacious, but had two comfortable beds and plenty of storage space, in all nicely furnished. We did not notice the deficiencies in housekeeping noted by other reviewers. The only downside was the lack of internet access, really 20th century. It is said there is a hefty charge for internet in the rooms, but no mention in the room guide and the receptionist I talked to denied it existed. There was supposed to be wifi in the reception area but I couldn’t get connected and other people seemed to be having the same trouble.We used the Hearst parking centre mentioned elsewhere, but it would be better not to have a car at all. The Montgomery stop was right outside with vintage streetcars, buses etc on the road, trams below and Bart below that. Cable cars only five minutes away, although get there early to avoid the queues.In summary, a great hotel in a great city.	
Sep 15 2009 	Practically lived in this hotel	While working for a consulting firm in San Francisco, I would stay at the Palace during the work week for almost a full year. The hotel was always very clean, the staff is very helpful, the room service is fantastic, and the dining area is very elegant and the food is fabulous. I had my choice of hotels and I picked this one because it gave me everything I needed and even though my company was paying for it, the prices are in-line or even a bit less than other hotels in the area. There is a reason that this hotel has been around for 100 years.	
Sep 14 2009 	Very good hotel in great location	Stayed for 5 days over the Sept long weekend and was very impressed with the hotel. Easy check in and out. Maid service was excellent. Great locations with the all forms of transport right next to the hotel. The room was somewhat small but more than adequate for our needs.	
Sep 13 2009 	Everyone Loved It--From the 20-somethings to Grandma	Our stay (for a family vacation to celebrate my mom's 75th birthday) was everything we could have hoped for--great rooms, excellent service, convenient location. Everyone loved it, from my 21-year-old niece and her boyfriend, to us middle-aged folks, to Mom.Although there were some initial missteps with the room assignments for my family, the hotel staff quickly and politely gave us new rooms. Moreover, the entire staff--to a one--was notably pleasant, efficient, responsive. The rooms themselves were immaculate, comfortable, and pleasant, classy without being pretentious or trendy. The sizes varied quite a lot. The street-facing handicapped room was enormous, but kind of noisy--even for noise-hardened New Yorkers like us. The whistles they use to summon cabs began to drive us crazy after a while. Some of the bathrooms had fancier showers than others, but all were very nice.We enjoyed the indoor pool, but the room was freezing and the Jacuzzi was a bit rundown.TIPS1. Ask for a room that overlooks the glass-roofed swimming pool (floors 5 and up). You'll get light and relative quiet that way. 2. Breakfast at the Garden Court Restaurant is a transporting experience. The food is decent--but the setting is to die for. Despite what the menu seems to say, you CAN order a la carte. Just ask the wait staff.3. The BART station (Montgomery stop) is literally outside the hotel's front door, so you can do your bit for the environment (and save $$) by taking SF's excellent public transportation from the airport. The streetcar stop is also steps from the hotel's door.	
Sep 12 2009 	Lovely hotel	We stayed here in August for 3 nights as part of a family holiday. We got a good deal on price &amp; had a great time there. We loved the grandeur &amp; history of the hotel. The stained glass roofed dining room is absolutely stunning and although we couldn't affod to eat there (£25 per person for breakfast), the hotel provided complementory tea/coffee at braekfast &amp; were relaxed about bringing in food. Theres a great bakery just around the corner. For 4 of us the room was small compared to normal US standards - however was very nicely furnished &amp; decorated &amp; we really enjoyed the stay. The pool is a decent size &amp; we used it every day. The hotel is right on the main street so convenient for getting trolleys &amp; buses &amp; places to eat.	
Sep 5 2009 	A Great Stay at a Great Hotel	My family and I stayed at the Palace Hotel August 22-27, 2009. Like everyone else who has seen the negative comments about this hotel, especially about the noise factor, I was a little apprehensive before we arrived there, but most of the negative comments turned out to be in my opinion, unfounded. It is a beautiful old, classic hotel in a great central location. The public sitting area was a bit small considering the size of the hotel but that meant nothing to us. It is nothing short of a great historical place. We booked a junior suite for a great price through Expedia and had no problem with room size which was approximately 450 sq. feet. Housekeeping did an excellent job and the nightly turndown service was a great touch. We heard absoutely no noise at all from adjacent rooms or the hallway. The AC could have been a little better but we were able to open the windows and remain very comfortable for the whole stay. As for people writing about problems with wireless internet, I have Verizon mobile broadband and had no problems with connectivity. The kids really enjoyed the pool which was much larger than I expected. The pool was also very clean so I don't know why people would write to the contrary. We only used the hotel parking lot for 2 of the five nights since we found parking directly across from the hotel right on the street. We left the car there for the whole weekend which is allowed and found a cheap nearby lot afterwards but only used for 1 day becaiuse it did not have in-out parking. The number 5 bus is right across the street and that was main mode of transportation to Fishermans Wharf where we ended up a few of our nights there. For anyone travelling with a family, I highly recommend the Muni Passport which can save quite a few bucks on an extended stay. I would definately stay at the Palace again and to get the get best deal, you should check out the travel sites, because the Starwoods site does not seem to offer any decent bargains without having to pay fully non refundable rates. Atl least with the travel sites, you wil be only penalized 1 night for cancellations in most circumstances.	
Aug 30 2009 	A Truly Wonderful Hotel	The traveler photographs on this website really don't do the Palace justice.We had a wonderful experience and couldn't fault a single aspect of our stay.The perfect mix of traditional charm with modern amenities.A truly wonderful hotel in a truly wonderful city!	
Aug 29 2009 	All fur coat - no knickers	Dont get me wrong the Palace is impressive, the downtown location is impressive, the lobby is elegant and lush with its red carpet and ornate chandeliers- its only when you get to the rooms that the disappointment kicks in. Staid, unimaginative and a little bit grubby if im being honest. The bathroom was small with off white sink and plastic bathtub dubious grouting. The toilet flush broke the first time i used it which i think summed it all up.No free tea or coffees in the room (on our road trip we had these in all our other hotelrooms even the cheaper ones- and come on you do call yourself a 'palace')Internet free in the lobby!!?! but not in the room - so if i needed to use my laptop had to sit down with everyone else in the foyer, yes i could have paid $16.95 but why should non-paying guests get to use it and not me.So not to end on a low the fitness centre and indoor pool were great. The Palace is good for those just wanting to dumping your bags in the room and spending the day exploring the wonderful city of San Francisco and making the most of the hotels location.	
Aug 13 2009 	A "Palace" It's Not!	I stayed two nights at The Palace Hotel while attending a conference there. It's a beautiful old building in an excellent location in the Financial District. It's right across the street from a BART station, making it very convenient to get to from the airport. It's also within walking distance of Chinatown, the Ferry Building, and Union Square, and a short trolley hop from Fisherman's Wharf. The front desk check-in was very good, and they had a room ready to accommodate my early arrival. The room itself has high ceilings and wonderful moldings. There is a mini-fridge, and a nice new flat screen TV.That's about it for the pros. Now for all the cons.There was a desk in one corner that's something of an afterthought, with a cheap office chair that wouldn't go high enough to comfortably use a laptop. There is one heat/air conditioning vent high up on the wall over the door to the bathroom, and it blows directly across the bed and straight at the desk. If you're trying to use the desk, you end up sitting in a continual stream of ice-cold air. So every few minutes I would readjust the thermostat to stop the cold air, and the room would get hot and stuffy in no time. I would have liked to use the window, which was supposed to open, but it was stuck shut. Same problem at night, since the AC also blows right across the bed.There was wireless Internet in the lobby, which was being used by all of the people at the conference. I wanted to use it in the room as well, but couldn’t connect. I called the front desk, and was told that Internet in the room as $16.95 per day! All of the non-paying people in the lobby could use it for free, but the paying guests in the room had to pony up 17 bucks. Absolutely ridiculous!The bathroom is cute, but definitely on the small side. The door partially blocks both the toilet and the shower. Some of the grout was missing or dirty between the tiles, and the tub definitely shows its age.Housekeeping and maintenance were terrible for a 4-star hotel. Some of the furniture – which is on the battered side –was dusty. The front cover was coming off the desk phone, which also had a layer of dust on it. The soap dish in the shower still had remnants of old soap in it. The carpets were showing wear and dirt. The wall lamps in the bathroom were hanging crooked, and the shades on both of them had frayed edges and spots of who-knows-what. There was not even a pen and a pad of paper in the room!There was no in-room coffee. (I assume that’s because they would prefer that you order breakfast in the room, which with tax, tip, and delivery charge would have been pushing $40 each for just a basic breakfast.) There was, however, a bottle of some type of fancy water next to the TV, which you could have for a mere $7. It was covered with dust and the seal on it was partially broken, so I wouldn’t have trusted drinking it despite its hefty price tag.Then there was the noise. I could hear every banging door and every conversation out in the hallway. Worst of all was the snoring coming from the person in the next room. It was so loud I literally felt like he was in the room with me. I realize that this is an old building, but the walls were worse than a cheap motel. Other than the great location, I really don’t see anything special about this hotel, especially for the price. It’s definitely seen better days, despite its supposed recent renovation. There are any number of good hotels and motels in San Francisco, so do yourself a favor and choose something other than The Palace.	
Aug 8 2009 	Best in San Francisco	After seven trips to San Francisco this is the best. Got off the Bart at Montgomery station and walked into the hotel. We had the junior suite which was quiet , spacious and close to the pool . Took the tour of the hotel. Fantastic! Nice thing was that it was close to everything from Union Square but not with the Tenderloin problem. For wine it was close to K&amp;L winesand for food it is close to Whole foods, and Capital in Chinatown for Salt and pepper chicken wings and salt and pepper crab. Most of the Muni Buses and f-street street car stop right outside.	
Aug 7 2009 	Very nice and good location but nothing special given the price	This is an impressive looking, even &quot;grand&quot; traditionally styled hotel, but for the price you pay it was definitely overrated. Even though I was upgraded to a suite for free and found the service from staff very good, I still would not go back.The rooms in my suite were nicely furnished, but quite small. I would have been happier with a large single room. Though the hotel seems designed for conferences, it is not all that business-friendly. Cell reception was poor and the internet access is wired and expensive. I was never able to get it to work during my stay despite multiple calls with customer support (have travelled frequently and never had this issue in other hotels), so I had to go to the lobby to check email with the free wifi there. Might be time to put it in the rooms, folks!There are so many wonderful hotels - chain and boutique in SF and even this central neighborhood, that I have a hard time recommending The Palace.	
Aug 5 2009 	the palace is perfect	My husband and I spent 3 nights at the Palace while on a weekend getaway to San Francisco. The hotel exceeded all expectations - the room was large with high ceilings, and it was very quiet. It overlooked a courtyard of sorts, which turned away from the busy streets, which was peaceful. Our room was on the same floor as the pool and sauna, which we used twice a day - a fantastic contrast to the bustling downtown streets, and a pleasant way to wake up in the morning. We loved our stay at this hotel, and we will definitely return if we visit the city again.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great stay	Just returned having spent 6 nights at this beautiful hotelWould thoroughly recommendThe BART from the airport stops literally outside and convenient for other transportIf food and drink is too expensive at the hotel many options nearby but happy hour at the hotels Japanese restaurant is recommended	
Aug 4 2009 	Classic Hotel in a super location	Stayed here for 1 night for free. The public areas are gorgeous - the staff is very nice. We were upgraded to a junior suite which meant it had a sofa in the room and had two large windows. The beds were a bit lumpy and the room was a little worn....scuffed paint, tired sofa, etc. I also can't say the room was immaculate - but decent.The location is great for walking to Chinatown, restaurants, all the shopping, convention center, public transportation etc. I had stayed here about 10 years ago and it feels as though it hasn't changed. The valet parking is about $50/night. There are some public lots nearby for about $10 less per night. I would stay there again for the ambiance and the location and if the price was right!	
Aug 2 2009 	Majestic Historic Convenient Hotel in SF	OVERALL: this is a majestic hotel from the past, but well appointed with all the modern conveninces in the middle of SF.LOCATION: an easy subway trip from the airport straight to the hotel. Just cross the street and you're a the hotel.HOTEL: beautifully maintained old building that retains the glory of the past, while upgraded with modern conveniences. STAFF: polite, thoughtful, and very five star.POOL: make sure to check out the indoor pool and hot tub. A nice, unexpected treat.ROOMS: small, but comfy. Nice beds, linens, and bathroom. No complaints at all.TIP: ask for a quite room which faces indoors. Less of a view, but completely quiet experience. Spa was nice for a massage but pricey. But if you're looking for a mani/pedi check out the affordable nail spa right across the street hidden in the alley way. Leave your car at home. Take advantage of the location and fabulous public transportation.	
Jul 28 2009 	The Palace Hotel is absolutely beautiful	We loved the location of this hotel and once inside, I can see why so many people recommend staying there. The rooms are very clean and spacious, the food is excellent and every form of public transportation stops at their door. We were on the same floor as the pool/exercise room/hot tub and not only was their no odour from the pool, but there was also no noise whatsoever. Staff was very friendly and helpful. We couldn't have asked for a better place to stay.	
Jul 24 2009 	Wonderful Hotel - go there!	Think the previous poster must have been at a different hotel to me or just very unlucky. I agree with the poster before, PL Ramirez. The location couldn't be better for access to Union Square, or the tram/trolley /bus services( sorry from the UK can't remember the different names) access to Market Street or New Montogomery so to get to SFMOMA was simple.Our rooms were huge, very clean, fabulous comfortable beds, lovely desk and leather writing chair, plasma TV, robes for us both. The bathroom was small but who cares really when it does what it is supposed to do. Plenty of thick fresh towels, lots of Gilchrist and Soames toiletries, we were there for four days and the beds were changed everyday, so not very 'green' but it was nice. No problems with plumbing or noise from anyone other than kids running in the corrridor.Only complaint would be the pool which our kids said wasn't too clean and when my 19 year old dughter was in the sauna area( with her costume on and towel around her) had to leave when some men came in and despite the notice to keep towels on took everything off and sat on the bench near to her, not on really even if they were Scandinavian.The Concierge was a bit stuck up too so only spoke to him once and didn't bother after that. We got the most brilliant rate for this room which I booked back in January and was totally ( apart from LV perhaps) the best valuse for money ever. Would go back in a flash if I could get the same or similar deal.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great Location nice hotel rooms not quite as grand as in the past.	Mellia, the concierge, made my stay -very knowledgable and friendly. The other hotel staff could take pointers from the two female concierges. They know how to provide top-notch service.When you enter, the public spaces will wow you. The rooms are nice, but don't feel as grand as the public spaces. Large flat screen tv's are nice, fridge, safe, plenty of storage space. Walls thin! Temperature difficult to regulate. Beds comfy.GREAT LOCATION. Muni across the street, close to Union Square, museums, restaurants, etc.I recommend the tour to wine country. The concierge can set it up for you (take the smaller of the two tours).If the price is right, I'd stay at the palace again.	
Jul 24 2009 	GRAND OLD HOTEL - kids wanted to go back - super convenient location	Started out on our 15 night trip out west with 3 nights here. Arrived on an AM flight, grabbed car and drove downtown to find the hotel. It was only about 1pm and I didn't expect them to be able to check us in but they did have rooms ready. I had hotwired it for $109/night and knew it was a lower class room - I mentioned my SPG number and was upgraded to a street view room instead of inner room. We had considered mor expensive hotels near Fisherman's Wharf and after touring that area are very glad we stayed FAR AWAY from that area.....Very pleasant staff - Fantastic Pool - Steet car and subway right out front, cable car nearby as well. Great shopping 3 -4 blocks away - californai pizza kitchen takeout counter 2 blocks away made for easy in room chillaxin with movies at end of long day.Park at garage around corner to save $$$ - Free Wifi in lobby only - in room connection very expensive.	
Jul 19 2009 	not bad	Did get a decent rate of $156.00 per night for 2 double beds, deluxe room for 3 nights. Not a bad deal, with taxes etc. around $200.00 per night. The beds were old and uncomfortable. The plumbing was VERY noisy from neighbouring rooms. All in all, the rooms were so so. Not that clean nor spacious.The hotel itself is beautiful. Location is good. Very central. We went to the North Beach twice for food and coffee. Concierge hit and miss. The female staff was very knowledgeable and helpful. Male staff not so much	
Jul 19 2009 	Fabulous	I took my husband here for a romantic weekend. The hotel is one of the finest we have ever seen and have the opportunity of staying in. We especially loved the Pied Piper Bar, sister bar to the King Cole Bar at the New York St. Regis.Our room was above Market Street and had enormous rounded windows, a very comfortable bed and stunning bathroom.Sunday brunch is not to be missed. Bring your appetite!This is a great business or vacation property. Impress your spouse! Book a room here.	
Jul 18 2009 	Could use some TLC	Walking into the lobby at the Palace, expect to be completely awed by the gorgeous, historical first floor. The rooms themselves, however, I found disappointing. Dust was everywhere--hanging on the curtains, along the crown molding, along the top row of tiles in the bathroom--like nothing I'd experienced at a hotel that I expected to be of a higher caliber. It looked like the hard-to-reach areas of the room hadn't been touched in months. That said, the location is great. Unfortunately, there are other hotels nearby that we'll choose instead in the future.	
Jul 15 2009 	Very Comfortable Bed Great Location Sharp Concierge	Had an perfect stay at the Palace. Great Staff, exceptional location right off BART stop and MUNI stops. Stayed 4 night and didn't have an bed soreness- important and difficult to find. Fantastic housekeeping crew. No faults found- and beautiful building to top it all!	
Jul 12 2009 	Beautiful Hotel-Needs Updating	Had a very short one night stay here after a 4 day biking trip to Sonoma. The common areas of this hotel are amazing. If you like the older-style, classical grand hotels like the Waldorf Astoria, etc., you will like this hotel. We had a small room that was in need of updating although it was comfortable. But it was very noisy. We could hear lots of conversations and activities through the thin walls. Service was perfunctory. Unless you get a great deal or like the location of this place, I would think you have lots of better choices in San Fran.	
Jun 28 2009 	Call the Palace and check on specials	The Palace is one of the oldest hotels in San Francisco but has been updated. I thought the rooms were great--big with high ceilings. It is located in the financial district which means lots of restaurants do not keep late hours and some aren't open on the weekends and that the closest coin laundry is 7 or 8 blocks away. But both the Bart and cable cars are just steps away from the hotel entrance on Market. It is easy walking distance to Chinatown and North Beach so good food can be found close by. If you are there on a Saturday the library sponsors a hotel tour that is fascinating and you get to see rooms that are generally closed to the public. The hotel has had its share of famous people and scandal. The staff is helpful and friendly; the concierges went out of their way to accommodate us. We got a terrific deal on our rooms from Thursday through Sunday--$135 per night plus a coupon worth $25 ($25 for each room) at one of the restaurants or for room service. For the days before the room was $200. I'd suggest calling and see what can be arranged. Because of its location, this is a hotel that is most likely full during the week so is more likely to have weekend specials. The downside of this is that the fitness room is chock full of people at 7 am. during the week. It has a good assortment of equipment but I had to use it after 8:30 or so. There is an indoor pool and hot tub along with a nicely appointed women's locker room (I can't vouch for the men's). Here are my gripes about the hotel. WiFi in the rooms costs $18.95/day plus tax. I presume they do this because many travelers are on business and this can be charged to their expense accounts. There is free WiFi in the lobby and public areas of the hotel. Parking is $48/day. The Hearst parking lot is located very close to the hotel (main entrance is on New Montgomery--turn right at 1st street (Jesse) and then right again on Annie, then left an into the parking lot. If you miss this turn right on 3rd St. and enter from there.) They charge $20/day with no in and out privileges---however, all you have to do is pay and then re-park and it doesn't cost any more (unless you take it out more than once the same day). It is important that you check the hours for Hearst--it doesn't open until 10 am on Sunday.	
Jun 27 2009 	A Palace -- in 1900	The lobby is gorgeous, but the rooms are old and tired, with furniture that doesn't seem to have been updated for a century. And if your room is facing Market, be aware... it's going to be VERY LOUD!! When I was there, the city was doing construction at night, which they are apparently allowed to do until 11 PM, which was something that the front desk conveniently failed to mention when I checked in. I won't be back.	
Jun 25 2009 	Elegance in San Francisco	LOCATION: Good location. Close to a tram stop and metro stop. 5 minute walk to Union Square. Quieter location away from major attractions.ROOM: Small but adequate size. Kept up well for a historic hotel.STAFF: Nice and knowledgeable staff.HOTEL: Detailed and well kept interior. Elegant.CITY: San Francisco is cool. Tons to see and do. We only had a couple days, so we rented bicycles for a half day. Rode across the Golden Gate, through Sausalito, then took the ferry back to the Piers.	
Jun 25 2009 	A Gorgeous Old Hotel	I love gorgeous old hotels with some history and character. The Palace Hotel fits perfectly into that category with its opulent ceiling in the Garden Court to the mahogany bar in the Pied Piper. And only minutes walk to Chinatown and the downtown shopping adds to the lure of staying at the Palace Hotel. A hidden bonus is the dry sauna located next to the indoor pool. With some of the deals they offer, you can get tremendous value for your hard earned dollars.The only inconvenience is the long lines which can accumulate at the front desk.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great Place and Location	Having just spent several nights in the hotel, I can tell you it is great place to stay with friends and family. If you are looking for a great location, and a comfortable place to stay, this is it. You are a few blocks from Union Square and the SF MOMA. A quick cab ride to Golden Gate Park and easy walking distance to some of the great restaurants in the city.The room rates are reasonable for a major city hotel. Be sure to shop online for the best rates. Look on the major travel sites and find your best deal.I did have an occassion to email the hotel for extra services prior to my arrival and they did respond quickly with everything I asked for and it was avialable upon arivale.The Garden Court is a fun way to eat breakfast in the morning, but expensive. So be sure to take your time and enjoy yourself. The history of the hotel is very interesting. Take the 90-minute tour if you are there. Hotel is near Bart so if you are coming in from the San Francisco or Oakland airports it is an easy Bart ride. Otherwise a cab will cost your between $40-50 + plus tip.	
Jun 24 2009 	Beautiful Hotel with a lot of character at a great value price.	This hotel is in the financial district, making it easy to walk to most of San Francisco's major tourist attractions. The hotel is an older hotel that has been beautifully maintained, with large, spacious rooms. Despite the hotel's beauty and excellent location, the prices are very reasonable for a central San Francisco hotel.	
Jun 17 2009 	Loved the Palace!	Stayed at the Palace Hotel for a week. Was a little worried after reading some of the reviews posted but I had no problem at all with the quality of the room or service. Very comfortable bed and decor keeping the old-world elegant charm of the hotel. Great, central location. A short walk to Union Square area without being too close to the crowds. Free coffee in the lobby, and many coffee shops just a stone's throw away if you want to grab a quick, cheap breakfast. Wonderful Sunday Brunch and Lunch Buffet at the Garden Court...yes it's a bit pricey but worth trying even just one time.	
Jun 16 2009 	Not too bad..a little pricey..excellent food..bad cell signal though..	I got the pleasure of staying at The Palace Hotel for work. The building is neat from the outside and the inside lobby is gorgeous. The room I stayed in was also beautiful. The bed was comfy and the LCD TV was nice also. The lady working the concierge desk was nice and helpful - the guy, not so much. The check-in staff was friendly as well. And, the food at lunch was amazing - definitely eat in the hotel at least once. The conference rooms were ridiculously cold though. The biggest problem that I had with this hotel was the lack of cell signal availability. I could not get a signal to save my life unless I sat in the hallway outside of the lobby. And I have AT&amp;T. Also, to use the Internet in the room was very expensive. Internet was free in the lobby but I spent over $40 for 72 hours of Internet in my room. That was on top of the $200+ my room cost. Overall the hotel was nice. The cell signal issue was a huge problem though.	
Jun 9 2009 	Beautiful lobby. It stops there.	I stayed at the Palace for 2 nights. Was very impressed when upon arrival at 11 AM, I was given a room. The lobby is breathtaking. Upon getting to my room, I noted that my “view” was of other windows. Understandable. When I started to look around the room, I noticed a thin layer of dust on just about everything and rings from glasses on a wood and glass table top. When I went into the bathroom, the floor did not look clean to me. After taking a shower, I took the hairdryer off the wall only to see it had lipstick on it. This was the last straw. I complained to the front desk and was told I could change rooms. I declined as I had already unpacked some things and was on my way out to a meeting. I was told that my room would be re-cleaned and that a member of management would inspect it. I said this was fine. When I returned after 8 pm it looked like nothing had been done to the room save removing my used towel. The dust, water marks, lipstick, and floor grime remained. My used towel was not even replaced. I called down to the front desk and was told nothing could be done but that management would contact me. They never did. Additionally, water pipes in the bathroom alternately ran and dripped through the night. No newspaper in the morning. I have never had an issue with a Westin property before and was dismayed at the poor service quality at this property. Let me emphasize it was not the age of the property that was an issue for me. I would only stay here again if I got a great deal.	
Jun 4 2009 	San Francisco Palace with 10 year old boy	For Spring Break in March, we took our 10 year old son to the Palace in San Francisco for 4 days (after time in Arizona, the Grand Canyon and vegas). We had a very nice one bedroom suite, with a comfortable pull out couch in the living room and a large bedroom but a small and dated bathroom. The hotel, an old style and elegant hotel with extremely long hallways, was well located to Union Square, but we found that we spent most of our time down by the Wharf, so we probably would have been better off staying down there. I picked the Palace because it had a pool, but we never had time to use it! Breakfast was in the beautiful garden court -- a delicious but expensive buffet. There are less expensive places nearby but my son really enjoyed it so we went every day. The concierges were helpful as to children's activities as well as restaurants that were good but still family friendly (we went to Two (near the hotel, not so family friendly), Houstons, Fog City Diner). He loved the Exploratoreum -- we went twice, Alcatraz, and Pier 39 where they have a bungee trampoline thing overlooking the marina. We had a ball on the famous Fire Engine Tour, and learned all about the fire history of San Francisco (tour leaves from the Cannery and goes through the Presidio and then over the GG Bridge to Sausalito and back) -- the husband and wife team that run it are a real hoot with great stories and even songs -- she will even tap dance for you when you get back!! It is corny but very fun and made you smile! We also went to Muir Woods and Sausalito on our own, rode the cable cars, went to the Cable Car Museum, Coit Tower, Lombard Street, walked through the Little Italy and Chinatown (all the things you would expect). We also took a behind the scenes tour of ATT Park -- the guide was so knowledgeable and the park was so nice-- I think that was the highlight of the trip for my son! Luckily the weather was beautiful and sunny every day, if a little crisp. There is definitely enough to do for 3 days in San Fran with a kid, but beyond that you really need to hit the road to the environs.	
May 30 2009 	Worth it for $150 per night or less	My husband and I stayed at the Palace for Memorial Day weekend. The lobby and dining area of the hotel are beautiful. We were in a Grand Deluxe room, which was OK. If I were to go back, I would spend less on the smaller room b/c the only difference seemed to be a higher ceiling and a few extra feet of space. The rooms are clean and &quot;old elegant,&quot; but the bathrooms are small and need an update. There was no turn down service. We mentioned this at the front desk our last night and they said you have to request it... No one told us in the beginning! The concierge was not very helpful, and actually recommended a restaurant that was overpriced and poor quality (Aqua). The Palace is in a very good location, but there are plenty of other choices in Union Square. Breakfast is outrageously priced ($60 for two). Room service is a fortune as well. Overall, the hotel is charming and we had a pleasant stay. We're not ones to spend much time at the hotel, and we didn't visit the pool or anything. Only book it if it's a bargain!	
May 26 2009 	Great hotel - but overpriced	This is such a nice hotel - great location, decent sized rooms - no problems to speak of. However for the price we paid (I can't quite remember how much we paid) the hotel just seemed a bit average. THe decor was 'dated' and a tad old fashioned. Maybe we were not their target market - but it was a bit chinzey. We stayed here for the last 3 days of our trip in California, but on our first night we stopped in the Hilton further up the street. This was a lower stared hotel with a cheaper price tag - but was of the same qualitity of the Palace. We paid a highter price to stay at the Palace and I don't know what we got for it.THe hotel was good - but not special. I wish we had saved our money and stayed at the Hilton.	
May 22 2009 	Beautiful old building	The Palace has a beautiful old building, from the lobby to the rooms. It really feels like going back in time. The rooms themselves are nice, but perhaps a little bit dated.	
May 18 2009 	Great service but sort out the Internet access!	Great location, lovely historic hotel and atrium. Spacious gym and pleasant pool (plus immpecable service from the staff in this part of the hotel). Some of the concierge staff stuffy and aloof and overly reliant on large tips to be motivated to truly serve you. The most frustrating week ever for getting Internet connection. The price per 24hrs is a rip off so you have to keep going downstairs to the lobby. In this day and age Internet access is critical and changes my views on where I'm going to stay.	
May 15 2009 	They don't make them like this anymore!	Even though I looked at many pictures before arriving, nothing prepares you for how beautiful the lobby is. with the glass atrium restaurant right behind the front doors. The rest of the first floor is not such a show-stopper but is beautifully appointed. Check-in was fast and courteous, and I was upgraded because of my SPG Gold membership w/o having to ask. I was given a larger room on a higher floor. The room was very pretty, with a nice, elegant formality. The bathroom was tiny, this is the tradeoff for staying in an historic property, but the towels and toiletries and bathrobe were all very nice.The concierge gave me a nice recommendation for a neighborhood sushi joint that I enjoyed very much. he also arranged a car service for me the next day. Service was top-notch until the next morning when my breakfast arrived late, a serious cramp for my day as I had to leave on-schedule. I grabbed some of the coffee (very good) from the lobby and hit the road.The hotel later refunded my breakfast in return for it being late, I thought that was very nice.One thing I loved was the marble interior staircase that goes all the way to the top of the hotel. If you want to take the stairs in a modern hotel, you find yourself in a cement shaft that is almost always dark, dirty and a bit scary. Here you can ascend/descend in style if you want to skip the elevator, I really appreciated that.Everything was luxurious and I found all the complaining on this website to be absurdly overstated. I very much enjoyed my stay and would come back again without a second thought.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great location with old style charm and character	We stayed at The Palace for 4 nights in a room overlooking Market Street (which is worth paying the extra for).The room was more than adequate for our needs and by the standards we were used to (i.e. the UK) we had no gripes about the size of the room. The bed was huge and very comfortable.The service we received from everyone was first class, from the time we first arrived to the day we left when we wanted to leave the bags at the hotel as we had an evening flight. We arrived late in the day not knowing the city at all and got a great recommendation for an Italian restaurant just around the corner from one of the doormen. We were fortunate in getting a really good late deal on the room but eating in the hotel would have been well beyond our budget, buffet breakfast was $29.50 per head but there were plenty of places to eat very near by. We did venture in the bar on my partner's birthday for a cocktail, which was fantastic, but at a price!Minor issues - the pool was really cold, although the setting with the glass domed roof was pretty spectacular, there were no bathrobes in the room, although this was sorted out very promptly and, as has been mentioned in previous reviews, there is no tea and coffee in the rooms. It is however available in the lobby.The hotel itself is in a great location, right by the BART stop from the airport, within easy walking distance of Union Square and a short streetcar ride to Fisherman's Wharf.All in all though this was a great hotel with real character and style and it provided a great end to our holiday in the US.	
Apr 15 2009 	Great value excellent service historic	We stayed at The Palace March 13 and 14, 2009. We booked online at hotels.com, $139 standard room, plus a $25 food &amp; beverage coupon. We appreciate the history and grandeur of The Palace. We think the Garden Court is one of the most beautiful dining rooms in America. The price was certainly right, but next time we would upgrade to a higher room category, a larger guestroom. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet each morning in the Garden Court, and had cocktails and snacks in Maxfield's. Service everywhere was top notch. While in San Francisco, we had dinners at Fleur de Lys and La Folie. Both were outstanding and very memorable as we re-discover the great American cities with our two grown sons, ages 22 and 24. We absolutely recommend The Palace, but if you are traveling as a couple, consider a room category above their standard rooms, which are on the smaller side.	
Apr 14 2009 	Comfort elegance and convenience all in one hotel...	The Palace Hotel had all the features we were looking for - great location, indoor pool and proximity to theaters and museums, etc. This elegant hotel is in the financial district and was a good choice for us to stay during Spring break. Transportation in all forms, BART from the airport and trolleys and street cars were all very close. The concierge desk was outstanding and very helpful. The concierge arranged our tours to Alcatraz and assisted in helping us get tickets to see &quot;Wicked&quot; at the Orpheus theater. We made great use of the atrium-covered indoor heated swimming pool, hot tub and sauna. The room was well furnished and above all, clean. Chinatown and Fisherman's Wharf are and easy trolley ride away. I recommend this hotel to families who have the opportunity to visit San Francisco.	
Apr 4 2009 	Nice and convenient hotel - good service	Stayed one night as part of a business trip - the Hotel is conveniently situated near SFMoMA and several other museums and restaurants. The room was of average size by US standards although with nice furnishings. Check-in and check-out were efficient as was airport transportation. LAN Internet connection a bit pricey at over $16. Hotel restaurant (supposedly the best Japanese restaurant in town) was unfortunatley close for refurbishment.	
Mar 30 2009 	A beautifully classic hotel	Ever since I was a child growing up in the Bay Area, the Palace Hotel was considered the classiest hotel in San Francisco. My one day business stay did not dissapoint.Keep in mind that this is a historic hotel, so some of the modern amenities in newer hotels may not be quite the same. The rooms are beautifully appointed, though a bit on the smaller side. There is no closet; rather, there is an armoire. Depending on the length of your stay, this may or may not fit your needs.When I was there, the restaurant was closed, so you had to go outside the hotel for dinner. Not that there's a shortage of restaurants in the general vicinity, but it's a minor annoyance. The Garden Court is absolutely beautiful and THE place to go for afternoon tea (on a splurge).I loved this hotel and would eagerly return on another occasion.	
Mar 25 2009 	Charming old hotel but some shortcomings	This hotel has a great location in the financial district, and conveniently located next to the BART station. Its a short 40 minutes away from SFO via BART, and I did not have to worry about wasting time and money with a taxi. Check in was quick, efficient and courteous. The lobby is absolutely beautiful ! I guess the lovely lobby with the high open light glass ceilings and chandeliers is the main thing that qualifies this hotel to be part of the &quot;luxury collection&quot; of Starwood. The room was of a decent size, had a 42&quot; LCD TV, and bathroom was on the smaller side. Wifi was free, which is a great plus. On the minus side, the carpets were really worn out and had lots of ugly spots. Room service took quite longer than promised, and this was probably the only Starwood property I have been that charges for an extra bottole of shampoo! The rooms are arranged in 2 sets of parallel rows, so if you are unlucky like me, you get a view of of the opposite window. Overall, I think this was aninteresting hotel but next time around I am going back to the Westin or Le Meredien.	
Mar 21 2009 	Over rated train station	I had my reservation here and was so excited to return to a grand hotel I once stayed at about 10 years ago. I walked in the door and could tell something had changed, or rather something has not been kept up very good. The couches in the hallway leading to the front desk had stains on them and looked like they were dragged in from the back hallways. The lobby in front of the front desk was full of furniture from what could easily be an airport or train terminal. I could have been invisible, not one employee was around to greet me. I walked over to the Concierge desk and asked for directions to another hotel and left.	
Mar 15 2009 	Outstanding service nice hotel.	This is a nice hotel at a descent price for San Fran. Located at Market &amp; Powell, 10 minute walk or a cheap cab ride to Union Square. Very quiet. Beds ok. Room service ok. Dog friendly. Our room was very clean &amp; moderate size. nice bathroom, some rooms have tubs. Has a pool &amp; spa, we didn't have time to go. We would stay there again if we get a similar price.	
Mar 13 2009 	Not a good value. Better deals elsewhere	Stayed here on a business trip. This is the worst 5 star hotel I've ever stayed in. The lobby and the conference rooms downstairs are beautiful, but the rooms are no better than a clean motel. Cell phone reception is impossible to get inside this hotel, and don't bother using the phone inside your room as the charges are over $3 / minute. They also managed to charge both my roommate and I for 5 days of internet access each. Too bad there is only one LAN port in the room and I plugged it in once during my 6 night stay. Good luck trying to call and talk to someone about your bill, they just route you to an answering machine and hope you'll forget about it. I had to call back several times and finally demanded to speak to a manager before anything got resolved. After the week long business, I ended up staying at the Parc 55 hotel for the weekend and had a much better experience. There a much better values around Union Square than the Palace.	
Mar 8 2009 	Elegant Good Value Financial District Quiet	Simply Elegant, wide halls, hospitible doormen, hot Friday Evening Bar, Right on Market Street in the heart of the Financial District, yet within four blocks of Union Square. The lobby reminded me of the Plaza in New York City. Very posh. The room was quiet overlooking Montgomery Street, 7th floor. Beautiful linens and down pillows. I had to leave very early on Saturday morning, and the head cab organizer tried to get me into a cab, even though I had arranged for a shuttle. He was representing the hotel, but not wearing a doorman's uniform. Very bad form.	
Mar 5 2009 	Not what I expected	I stayed at the Palace for one night. My boyfriend and I upgraded to a suite room. The lobby of the hotel is beautiful but everything else was disappointing. The room is outdated and not worth the money. The Concierge desk was not helpful. I waited a long time every time I had a question. And whenever I called on the phone they would say they would call youback. It got very frustrated. The location is nice. It's about a 20-25 minute bus ride to Fishermans warf. Overall I would probably suggest looking at another hotel this wasn't what I expected.	
Mar 2 2009 	Beautiful lobby	Rooms so, so. Best to upgrade to Market Street view...worth the price.Avoid eating and drinking here...way too expensive.	
Feb 27 2009	Lovely hotel/Excellent Customer Service	These areas were excellent: Rooms - very clean, large, fairly quiet, great TV. Hotel staff - very nice, friendly, polite. Greeting - the staff at the front door and the front desk were so nice and accommodating. I love smiling people! I work in HR and was very impressed - good hiring!On a side note - Restaurant/Bar - So different than the rest of the hotel. There's a fine line between discreet and absent. Wondered where the server was. Not a true &quot;hosting&quot; at the restaurant or bar. The server at the breakfast buffet was attentive, but the service at Maxfiields bar needs a little prompting in making you feel welcomed. The waitress was distracted. Had no desire to eat or drink there again. With some changes in this area, making people feel welcomed, especially in this economy when people are stressed out and go out to feel good, they could do well. You can always eat elsewhere, so if it's the hotel - stay here - absolutely!!	
Feb 16 2009 	A excellent choice	From the time we arrived I knew that this was going to be an excellent experience the staff at the hotel treated us with first rate service, they were very helpful. the rooms are also very nice, we are a family of four and did very well. the pool was also very nice. and of the hotel itself is very nice, it feels like your walking back in time, but with a modern falir. a must for San Francisco.	
Feb 13 2009	very nice	We received excellent customer service at check in with a free upgrade. The room was lovely and large, the linens/bed was wonderfully comfortable. Everthing was quiet and the assistance from everyone quite nice. The only drawback was the breakfast in the lovely atrium. Service took forever and the food was just so-so. Otherwise the location is fantastic as far as going anywhere in the city.	
Jan 26 2009 	A Grand Old Lady	(This is my first review on Tripadvisor so I will give it my best!).We are a family of 4. We spent 1 night at the Argonaut Hotel and 3 nights at The Palace either side of a fly drive vacation to California in July last year. The Argonaut is undoubtedly a fantastic hotel but we thought the Palace was even better, and the cost was exactly the same for a room for 4 people at that time of the year.We had a couple of very minor problems when we arrived. For example, there were only 3 sets of towels for the 4 of us. There were only 2 bathrobes. The housekeeping Department were rather quirky. It took several phone calls and trips to the room before we had the full compliment of linens.But putting these niggles aside, the rest of our stay was superb. We had a suite.It consisted of a double room with 2 queen sized beds. Then leading off the bedroom was a small 'parlour' with a comfortable sofa, coffee table laden with magazines, tv, and writing desk. Furnished with smart 'classic' antique-style furnishings, the rooms were spotless, as was the gleaming marble bathroom. There was a power shower and crisp white bedlinen.The public rooms are opulent. This is a grand old hotel with quite a history. We particularly liked the cosy wood panelled 'Pied Piper Bar' with its black and white photos of famous visitors (everyone from Kruschev to the Kennedys). Unsurprisingly, food is pricey, but the quality was good. If you decide to forgo the buffet breakfast there is a Starbucks on the corner of the block. It is in a great location. Convenient for SFMoma, Yerba Buena Gardens and the shops at Union Square. It is also on the edge of the financial district, so wonderfully quiet at the weekends. We heard no noise from other rooms and we had the pool to ourselves each afternoon. In short, I would highly recommend this hotel for a family on vacation. A stay here is a real treat and was one of the highlights of our trip to California.	
Jan 23 2009 	Wonderful Stay!	We were a bit apprehensive about staying here after reading mixed reviews, but were pleasantly surprised. Very helpful staff allowed us to check in early, and then check out a bit late. We had a Superior King Room (nothing superior about the size, but plenty large) and it was VERY clean (our first priority/concern) and very comforable. We requested a &quot;quiet&quot; room which of course did not have a view, but we preferred quiet to views anyway. The BART from the airport dropped us off right in front of the hotel and the bus/cable cars run right there also. Very convenient for public transportation anywhere as well as easy walking around downtown. We had a great 3 night/4 day stay and would stay again.	
Jan 19 2009 	Not what we expected	The website shows it to be a very fancy luxury hotel. It is very expensive but it is not as fancy as one woudl hope. The room was tiny and not well maintained. There were elevator sout of order. The restuarnat was ultra expensive. The locationw as as avertised close to the BART. There are some people the property will appeal too but we would nto stay here a second time.	
Jan 15 2009 	Not Luxury Collection in My Opinion	Not going to lie, the initial impression I had when I first walked in was impressive. Too bad it all went down hill from there... I was given a room on the same floor as the pool and the ENTIRE floor smelled of chlorine. I got a headache as I walked down the hall to the room it was so strong. The room itself was alright, but defiantly not what I except in something that is a part of a luxury collection. The sheets were nothing superior and most of all the as advertised pillow top bed, non-existent. I called the front desk to see what the deal was and was told all the beds were the same. A very nice manager from house keeping came up to see if something might have been wrong, and confirmed for me the mattress was how they all are. She then told me she agreed and to say pillow top was indeed misleading and her thoughts of pillow top were the same as mine. She said there were 2 feather beds floating around the hotel, and she would see if she could get one from our room. Clearly they were taken but other ppl expecting pillow tops, lol....The biggest problem was the guests in the room next to us the last night there. To cut a very long drawn out story short, the couple were in some kind of a big fight, lots of yelling (we know their names as a result), the guy locked the girl, who then proceeded to scream, out of the room, and so on. This lasted for a couple hours, even with calls to hotel security. It was a mess and very upsetting. Next morning on checkout I discussed this with the manager, who told me I could have changed rooms, at 1am??? And then proceeded to tell me they were sold out, but I could have had some super small room?! I didnt pay for a smaller room and all this drama! He then told me he would take off the movie we rented in the room. I told him he had to be kidding. Eventually all room incidentals were taken off. However, after checking my CC a week later, no credit appeared and I had to call twice before the credit was indeed issued.All in all, I should have stayed at the Westin around the corner and had a much better experience for less. I will not be staying there again, and the term luxury, should not be granted o this hotel. Its nice, but NOT what you would hope for going into it.	
Jan 15 2009 	Worn....	We used to really like the Palace because it had that old world feel. During the last trip we found ourselves feeling not like the old world, but more like worn out... The room we received was a suite (thanks) but it didn't feel clean or hospitable especially for the cost. Mainly because the furniture was so worn and used. The room had a moldy smell and we never noticed before but its super noisy due to the old windows. For the same money the W, St Regis, and Le Meridian are better choices.	
Jan 14 2009	Comfort class and a sense of history	The hotel is not cheap, but this is San Francisco, and equivalent hotels, many with less history, cost more. We paid about $190 a night, including taxes. Prices can vary by night, as is common among hotels. The highlight is the enclosec courtyard, where horsedrawn carriages used to arrive. It was well decorated for Christmas. It is now the site of an overpriced breakfast buffet and afternoon tea. There are many, many less expensive options for breakfast and other meals within a 5-minute walk of the hotel. There is a nice restaurant, and adjoining historic Pied Piper bar, at the other end of the hotel (again, not cheap, but far from outrageously priced). The room was not large, but comfortable. We expressly requested a quiet room, so the view from our window was of other parts of the property. We did not have time to use the pool or spa. We did take a free tour of the hotel, given occasional by a local historic society. The hotel's location is excellent for tourists: immediately off of Market Street (with bus and trolley lines, and in front of a BART subway/tram station). Hotel is a 15-20 minute walk from the Ferry Building, One could also walk to Union Square without a great deal of effort. There are other upscale historic hotels in the city, so it is worth comparing prices and amenities, but this is one to consider.	
Jan 7 2009 	Good Hotel	Booked the hotel with SPG points for one night. Wanted to get away to the city from the peninsula for my kid's birthday. Was looking for a hotel with good Christmas decor, swimming pool and overnight parking nearby. San Francisco hotels normally charge over $40 minimum a night for parking. There was Hearst parking next door ($20 for a 24hr period) ; no in-out previleges but was good enough for me and also has a CPK in the same buliding. About 10 minute walk to Bloomingdales and San Francisco Shopping Center. The rooms are nice with LCD HDTV with actual HD channels including HBO. The Christmas decor was very nice in the lobby and the restaurant. Had a traditional European feel to it. Kids loved it. Swimming pool is nice and indoor but the was definitely not warm and a little bit salty, yuk. Kids had fun nonethless, so, apart fron the pool everything else was good. Will probably return for my other kid's birthday.	
Jan 5 2009	They call this the Palace!?!	really wanted to be a fan of this place, just by stepping into the lobby and meandering the halls of the first floor. (Wow, that atrium is amazing!) Looks and names can be deceiving, right? The rooms, the &quot;spa&quot;, the pool are dreadful. I had anticipated the rooms to be on the smaller side (duh it's San Francisco!) so that wasn't an issue. However the carpets were dingy and the bed and linens were circa 1990 just by their overused feel to them. The fiance and I had booked services at the &quot;spa&quot; which were just hotel rooms converted into spa rooms! what?!? And it seemed as if whoever administered my massage also distributed the towels at the nearby indoor pool! The pool a lazy little rectangle in the middle of a damp smelling indoor space w/windows that haven't been cleaned, maybe the person in charge was out giving a massage.And they call this the &quot;Palace&quot;! please.&quot;	
Jan 3 2009 	Warm and friendly staff at the Palace.	Stayed at the Palace in SF 12/2008. Location is absolutely perfect. You are at a walking distance to practically everywhere! Taxi is cheap too if you do not want to exercise. Staff here is amazingly kind.. The housekeeping staff is superb. The lady at the health club is also great. Pool is old but so wonderful. I loved my experience!	
Jan 2 2009 	Great location but........	What a beautiful hotel and AWSOME location. Right in the middle of down town San Francisco. Located on Market street, a main road through downtown, this hotel is a very old hotel but has wonderful charm. REMEMBER THAT THIS IS PART OF THE LUXURY COLLECTION HOTELS!!Valet parking is VERY expensive, $48 +tax a day with in and out privledges but we never needed our car. There is NO self parking. The valet guys and the doormen were more that willing to help you with any directions that you need.The &quot;F&quot; cable car will take you down to Fisherman's Warf. To pick up the car you cross Market Street to the depot. Cost is $1.50 a person and the ticket you get is usually good for 3 or so hours so be sure to hold onto it. The only problem with this mode of transportation is that once you get down to the Warf it is really difficult to get back. We waited over 30 minutes for a car to come and finally decided to walk back. It's about a 1 hour walk but very, very enjoyable, just be sure to get a map form the hotel before you venture out. There are alot of bums in the area which was a little wierd but I guess that you get that is a big city. They really weren't a problem.There is a lot just in the hotel area to keep you busy. The genuine cable cars run in the area which was really fun to see. Union Square is a must. Like I said before, be sure to get a street map at the hotel it will REALLY help people that have never been to the area before. Now to the hotel itself. Very nice but.........the sheets are AWFUL!! They felt like paper and the bed was old and VERY uncomfortable. When you are staying in a 5+ star hotel and may be paying alot of money then why can't EVERYTHING be top of the line?? We are Starwood Gold members and so we were hoping for some sort of an upgrade. When we checked in we went to the preferred check in area and were told that we were given a superior king room. Cool right??? Well, wrong. When we entered the room it was a little small, understandable as to the location of this hotel and space is at a premium in the city. The room and bathroom were nice but cramped. When we looked out the window all that we could see was a part of the hotel. Brick wall with windows of other rooms. We thought if this is what gold and a &quot;superior&quot; room (To get gold status you have to either spend $30,000 or spend 15 nights in any SPG property in a years time. Not that easy.) then we wonder what a normal not updated room was like. Don't get me wrong, the room was nice, it had its small problems but it was still nice. Room service which we didn't use seemed VERY expensive by looking at the menu. We visited the bar, Maxfield's to have a couple of drinks. We sat at the bar and waited several minutes to get waited on. We finally ordered and they also gave us a bowl of &quot;snack&quot; type chips. As we were sitting there enjoying ourselves we noticed that when people left they took the &quot;snack&quot; bowls and emptied part of the chips leaving some in and then refilled them....without washing them!!!! OMG!!! We talked to a rude manager and he said that he would take care of it. So BEWARE of Maxfield's and the drinks were VERY expensive around $8-10 for liquor and $6-8 a beer. That was the only experience we had with dining. We did notice that the buffet in the morning was around $28-30 a person. We went to the Starbucks and the McDonalds down the street instead. There is also a Del Taco, Subway, Westfield shopping center and several other stores and restaurants in the area. Also if you are down at the Warf go to Chippino restaurant and eat. VERY GOOD!! Just remember that you are smack dab in downtown and this is a great location. Just beware that if you are spending a lot of money that it's not always what you think it is. You also have to remember that you basically need to add $48 a day +TAX to the room for parking. We don't think that we would stay here again as I'm sure that there are other hotels in the area that may be just as good if not better that we would investigate first. Don't be fooled by the name or the look. It was a great experience but not really worth it. Sorry that this review is so long but if you are about to spend the money to stay here we wanted to make sure that you know what to expect.	
Dec 31 2008 	Perfect for an Engagement!	My Fiancé and I stayed here 11/28-11/30. It was our 10-year going out anniversary. When we arrived in our room we have a complimentary dish of chocolate covered strawberryies congratulating us on our Anniversary. I was referred to the hotel by someone at work, who said the brunch was wonderful, so I checked out the website and totally fell in love. While we were on our stay my boyfriend proposed to me. It made our stay even more memorable. Our concierge China Tsu made our stay great, with a wonderful dinner spot and a congratulatory bottle of sparkling wine. I can't wait to stay there again!	
Dec 29 2008 	Excellent Location...Great City!	We booked a 7 night stay via Expedia back in April. There were 6 of us in the party. After an 11 hour flight and a 3 hour delay we arrived at San Francisco airport and were transferred by Shuttle Express direct to the hotel, this took about 30 minutes.Check in was quick and we were all allocated a Superior room. The rooms were spacious, with king size bed, plama tv, fridge, safe and bathroom with shower.Throughout our stay the rooms were cleaned daily and new towels given, we had bathrobes in our rooms also.There is a good sized pool and jacuzzi and sauna on the 4th floor.We only ate once for Christmas Day breakfast which was pricey for a buffet but excellent nevertheless.The hotel itself is stunning. Huge dining rooms and due to it being Christmas week very nicely decorated.The bar service was efficient but again pricey.The location of this hotel is excellent with the Bart and bus stops outside the hotel door.This was our first visit to San Francisco and we think it is a great city with plenty to explore. Our visit to Alcatraz was very enjoyable. We took a 30 minute helicopter ride which was a great experience especially when the pilot looped us under the Golden Gate Bridge and flew over the top again!!! Christmas Day was spent riding bikes across the Golden Gate Bridge, we also visited Fisherman's Wharf, took a 1/2 day wine tasting trip in the Napa Valley region and also hired a car to explore Montery and Carmel - stunning locations!Overall we all thoroughly enjoyed our holiday - a week just wasn't long enough!!To return to the Palace Hotel each night made our holiday even better.A stunning hotel in a great location!! Enjoy!	
Dec 28 2008	Consistent quality	I stay at the Palace 2 or 3 times per year and have never had bedbugs (as the previous reviewer described) or anything else unpleasant. I just returned from spending two nights at the hotel, and observed the staff giving their usual good service to guests. During a stay in July of this year, we did have a toilet overflow just before checking out. The housekeeping staff did not deal with it to my satisfaction -- mostly, I suspect, due to a language problem. I later communicated my concern to the general manager's office in writing and received the appropriate letter explaining how the matter had been investigated and dealt with. I was offered an upgrade on my next stay, which I have since enjoyed.I have read several recent reviews and can state that I have never had the service problems that others described. The Palace offers consistent quality, not 5 star, but 4++ star.	
Dec 28 2008 	Dont stay: BEDBUGS!!	I stayed here for 4 days for a work function. I was bitten by bedbugs and even worse, I ended up bringing some back to my apartment! I called and called and no one ever got back to me to offer an apology or say that they had taken care of the problem. Bedbugs are horrible and if you don't want any I suggest booking a different hotel!	
Dec 25 2008 	Nice But The Room Size Dilutes the Brand	I was trying to stay one night in San Francisco in early December for a conference but the conference hotel and everything around it was booked out solid. When I discovered it was the only property available on a corporate rate I was thankful and happily booked it.The hotel has an unbeatable location, as many have pointed out. To be able to get to it by BART was worth the 15 block walk to my conference the next day. The lobby was beautiful, it reminded me a little of the Peninsula in Hong Kong. The service at check in was impeccable. What is somewhat peccable is the room sizes, mine was quite small and I had a view of a large internal granite roof on the third floor. That was when I remembered I'd stayed in a very similar room maybe 14 years ago for an interview. The furnishings were fine, lots of blue fleur-de-lys type insignias and a dark wooden closet that was attractive enough.When I arrived I was still jet-lagged from Asia, so finding the nice bath products and then retiring in a fluffy bathrobe made it overall a very satisfactory experience. Perhaps they only put guests on corporate rates into rooms like that but when one is coming from Asia the overall effect is underwhelming.I appreciated the coffee and fruits downstairs at 6am when I had to check out, it was a nice touch. I would stay again if I knew I was getting a big room or a really great price, but wouldn't go out of my way.	
Dec 16 2008 	Splendid Stay!	I have stayed in many hotels in SF and this is one my favorites. I got an excellent rate through Priceline. I'm sure I got the cheapest room but it still was quite nice. No view to speak of but everything else was 1st rate. Decent size, comfy King bed, big flat screen TV, robes,Gilchrist toiletries etc. The Hotel is about the most convenient for public transportation you can get with a MUNI/BART stop right at the hotel entrance. The mini fridge didn't work but they fixed it at my request within a couple of hours.Internet is $$$ (16.99 per day) but I managed to get a wireless signal in the room although they say its only free in the lobby. Possibly a higher floor wouldn' get the signal.( I stayed on 3)	
Nov 30 2008 	More attention to customer service	I just returned from a stay at the Palace Hotel. We have family in from Paris and I wanted to find a classic San Francisco hotel for our stay. I found a good deal on a 2 double bed suite and decided to book a reservation. The property is very elegant, especially the atrium where we enjoyed a nice, but very pricey brunch. I know our guests will remember their experience for years to come. The location is also noteworthy but parking can be a challenge.I do have a few complaints, however. When we arrived I headed for the concierge desk believing it to be the reception area. The concierge took two long phone calls before acknowledging me standing before him. I waited for almost ten minutes until he finally directed me to the reception area. I had to wait almost 25 more minutes to check in as they only had one person at the front desk. Guests became very anxious and frustrated- including me. I had to wait ten minutes to check out because of the same problem.The room was also not without fault. The bathroom fan and hair dryer didn't work, the windows didn't open (as promised) and the bathroom curtain had a very suspicious stain on it. The light fixtures in the bathroom were cracked and the bathroom floor was not as clean as I would have liked. I am not very picky when I am getting a cheap room, but this was not a cheap room (the going rate for it was $400) and as such, it should reflect the elegance and class of its category.	
Nov 16 2008 	Beautiful and grand	We were very fortunate when using Hotwire and searching under 4 stars to get the Palace Hotel. I was not from the area, and my girlfriend had heard only good things about it. Much to our benefit, the Palace was extremely gorgeous both in its interior and exterior. The ball room, bar, and restaurant are lovely in their aesthetics and glitz. The room was large with a big closet, mini-fridge, nice 30 inch flat screen TV, and superb washroom. The bed was also extremely comfortable and perfect for long nights and late mornings. There's also a very convenient BART/Metro exit right next one of the Hotel Entrances so very convenient for travelers and tourists. Checking out was not made entirely clear, because when using the TV/Online service it failed to work, so we went downstairs where we waited about 20 minutes to check out. That was about the worst part of our experience at the Palace. I honestly cannot say much good or bad about the service as it was not fully tested by our stay. I will say every time I called the front desk, I was put on hold for good lengths of time to simply ask for more towels or a local question. I would not hold this against them entirely since they were rather busy the Veterans Day weekend. Overall I think anyone traveling to SF either first time or regular should check out the Palace. If you can get a deal via one of the website brokers even better.	
Nov 14 2008 	Hotwire problem	beautiful hotel in good location. Excellent service from bellman , housekeeping and restaurant staff. We were very unhappy with our room and lack of any help from Hotwire. Many of the rooms are small, particularly for a hotel Hotwire gave 4.5 stars. After booking , we immediately asked Hotwire to switch us to another hotel as reviews indicated many rooms were small and some lacked bathtubs. Hotwire responded that they called hotel and were assured we would get a room with abathtub. We arrived after a 7 hour flight and were given a handicapped room with a shower that flooded the room if not used properly. The other alternatives were small rooms which could not properly fit our luggage, which include d 4 suitcases. We stayed in the handicapped room and called housekeeping both nights after the shower flooded the room. Hotwire was no help and basically said you are on your own, deal with the hotel. The hotel manager on duty had never heard of the person Hotwire supposedly contacted.	
Nov 10 2008 	Great Location Beautiful Hotel	We spent the night at the Palace Hotel, a Sheraton. 9/15-16 Great location and service. I highly recommend it. The hotel has a nice pool and hot tub too. Note: the room was expensive, parking was expensive, and food and drinks were pricey.	
Nov 4 2008	A stunning hotel in the middle of SF!	Had read many of the reviews on Trip Advisor which I generally found very helpful - especially the advice to take the BART from SF International airport - the easiest transfer from an airport yet!We arrived after a long flight from the UK to a very warm welcome at the front desk and then took the lift to our most wonderful elegant room. It was not a vast room, but was spacious enough and was very tastefully decorated. My husband and I stayed for 4 nights and found the service throughout the hotel A1, apart from a rather grumpy old concierge chap! We treated ourselves to the fabulous breakfast in the Garden Court restaurant and were not disappointed, although for the cost consious, there are many good delis nearby. A couple of evenings we had supper in the Pied Piper Bar and were served by a delightful waitress named Delice. The food was great and good value with nibbles for those who just wanted a drink. If you want to keep fit during your stay, try out the pool area on the 4th floor - stunning!Overall we were made to feel very welcome and would thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 26 2008 	good hotel good location - some pricey bits	Stayed here for four days on business The hotel is very well located in the centre of town. Pretty much everything is walkable from here. Moscone centre about 10 minutes. Pier 39 about 25 minutes, Chinatown about 20 minutes. Room spotless but in my case not massive. My colleagues room was massive and equally spotless - pot luck I guess. Good big TV, nice bathroom. I was on the third floor pretty much over the main entrance and did not have any noise issues what-so-ever. Internet connection is wired and about $20 a day. Nice fitness centre and pool.Restaurant is impressive to look at and all the public areas are in good condition. Staff friendly. Bar is in a kind of gentlemens club style and feels a bit starchy and quite pricey. Breakfast was very impressive but also impressively expensive. Would I stay again - absolutely.	
Oct 23 2008 	Lovely and Gracious	I did a lot of research on this hotel beforehand, but there were some nice surprises. This is a very beautiful, historic hotel with some unusually breathtaking architectural features. The courtyard, formerly where horses and buggies arrived, is stunning. There is a pool one of the upper floors, which we unfortunately did not have time to visit. High ceilings and marble everywhere. The rooms are lovely and clean. The most outstanding thing about the hotel, however, is the people that work there. They really seem interested in making your stay exceptional. Extremely friendly and efficient, but not pushy. We paid less than half of the AAA rate for the room for two days, but we were treated very well. I was fully expecting an attitude at check-in, but the gentleman was very helpful, beyond the usual. Asked for and actually received a quiet room! The only bad aspects: I always find hotel beds way too uncomfortable, didn't expect anything else, so almost no sleep. Yikes! The parking is $48 per day, with unlimited use. I was a little miffed because I read another review that mentioned $40 per day parking. Oh, well. I researched parking before we went, and that's not terribly out of line. We loved it.	
Oct 17 2008 	Beautiful hotel but overrated	The Palace Hotel is a beautiful old-style hotel-- tall ceilings, beautiful lobby, pretty meeting and eating areas. The staff was very friendly.But as far as hotels, and specifically, luxury hotels go- it is way overrated.The rooms are spartan with the basics- comfortable bed, a desk and a reading chair. There was, at least, a nice flat screen TV.If you're planning to try and get any work done- go somewhere else. The desk phone is antiquated and cheap, and because cell-phone coverage within those beautiful brick walls is pretty much non-existent, you'll end up having to use it anyway. There is wired internet for a exorbitant daily rate (no wireless in the hotel, so your daily rate won't help you in the lobby or meeting rooms).I wouldn't stay here again. There are better hotels, nearby.	
Oct 4 2008	Not a Luxury Hotel	Calling this a luxury hotel is a joke. It should be out of the Starwood Luxury Collection chain. Doors slam and most floors are noisy. There is no chance of sleeping past 8 a.m. with all the noise. Any trash or room service left in the hallway can stay for days. I saw one package of used wine glass sit there for two days. The phones in my room did not work properly. Maintenance is deferred. I like staying in historic hotels and I stayed here soon after the renovations were completed about ten years ago. Then the windows worked. Now, most windows do not open, so you can not get fresh air. They will send someone to prop open a window if you ask (my wait time for that was one hour, after they said it would be 10 minutes), but then you are stuck with the window in one position. Most rooms are VERY small. Most amenities are lacking, such as slippers and bath supplies. The front desk is spotty. Some nice people, some not. One front desk lady had her name tag on upside down and I think she could have cared less. The public areas are beautiful, and the dining room is historic, but the hotel is only worth it if you can get a rate for under $300. I have had more enjoyable stays at two star hotels.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great building but lousy service	We enjoyed the beautiful old building and the flawless room interior. We didn't experience the noise problems that many other reviewers faced, despite our room facing Market Street.The front desk service at this hotel is however lousy. Perhaps up to par with a two star hotel, but definitely not adequate for a 4+ star hotel. When we checked in, there was one person at the front desk taking about 30 minutes to process a single guest. Despite our request to just hand us our envelope with the keys and several calls for the general manager, they just kept us waiting.When we left, there was nobody at the bell desk to help retrieve our luggage. One lady at the front desk could care less about calling someone for us. Finally, someone showed up after about 15 minutes, and another 10 minutes later we finally got our luggage.While this is a beautiful hotel, with so many displays of incompetent service and management, we recommend you to stay elsewhere if you plan to have any contact with hotel staff.	
Sep 25 2008 	Worth the money!	We loved this hotel! The entrance will take your breath! The dining room is one of a kind. Overall our room was very comfortable although a little tight with a rollaway. Be careful, the lady at the counter tried to charge me 50.00 a day for a rollaway but she later took this charge off. The staff overall was incredible. Especially the doorman Julio. Dont worry about a car. The public transportation is clean and dirt cheap. This hotel is seconds from everything. Myself and my family would definitely like to stay here again. The pool area is great!	
Sep 25 2008 	Glamorous Lobby but then you get stuck in a hideous room	Our stay was for Set 19th through 23rd. Because the Oracle Convention was beginning on the 22nd, prices for the hotel, as were all nice hotels were off the charts. We managed $359 a night which seemed to be a steal because we came in on Friday. Still, all that got us was the lowest delux room without a view.I'm a Gold SPG (Sheraton) member, so I'm usually upgraded and afforded a little better -- little -- at check in. Not here. I might as well have been chop suey. For example, we checked in at 1:00 and of course, in this huge hotel, I was told rooms were not available until &quot;3:00&quot;. Turns out they pre-assign a room early in the day and if that room isn't cleaned, they will not look for another. The clerk also said a few other condesending words to me, which in turn led me to step aside and ask the porter to find the front desk manager. I received a vague apology but nothing more. I came back after lunch -- about 2:45 -- and my preassigned room was still not available, but this time a different clerk was able to find a clean room for me on a higher floor -- &quot;with an outside window.&quot;After seeing the over-the-top balcony and staying at several luxury SPG hotels throughout the world, I had some expectations. The standard hotel rooms don't even come close. (I have heard that, as with most hotels, the suites are emaculate - but as a standard traveler, this hotel does not live up to its reputation.) The beds (two doubles) squeeked and were not the Sheraton/Westen sweet sleepers. Yes, there was a nice duvet cover over the standard insert (instead of one of the Ralph Lauren's) but it wasn't the luxury fluffy duvets found at the other luxury resorts. And neither were the other linens or towels. All standard hotel class. No high count linens. No large or special towels. No special amenities in the bathrooms -- the extra small sizes were found. No cloth bags -- only plastics. Not even an ironing board -- but the iron was left on the floor of the closet! The TV, however, was new and flat and large. Ice buckets were cheap plastic. The doors to the hallway SLAMMED so you knew when everyone came and went. The walls were paper thin so we heard all conversations with the guys next door. ALL conversations. The shower had rust on the ceiling and didn't have the standard SPG bowed shower curtain; the bathroom in its self was lack-luster: the &quot;marble&quot; was 8 inches around the sink and that was it. The rest was white porcelen with a few chips. The mirrors not treated and steamed terribly.I will commend the GREAT conceige and the GREAT porters. But the maid staff was hap-hazzard - failing to empty the ice-bucket and other random things. And none of the reception staff knew how to smile: of course, each time I went by, someone was talking or at one point, yelling, at a manager -- it appears, I wasn't the only one not happy!!! The front door staff (the guys who call the taxis) were also non-attentive and very poor and making sure there were enough taxis -- often there were long waits. I would suggest talking to the concierge for trips to the airport.Next time, I'll try the Weston or go back to the LeMeridian. This place was not worth anything!	
Sep 21 2008 	My New Favorite Hotel	After reading some of the reviews on this site, I had contemplated choosing a different hotel for my San Francisco stay. I am so happy that I chose to read other objective travel reviews/guidebooks, which encouraged me to choose this hotel. The Palace Hotel was beautiful. I have stayed at many five-star hotels around the world and my mouth dropped when I entered this hotel...absolutely beautiful. The hotel has so much historical significance for San Francisco. We took a walking tour and the tour stops at this hotel...you know you've chosen the right hotel at that point. Our room was beautiful and luxurious. The bed was extremely comfortable. The iron-work on the guest staircase was incredible. You can feel the history exuding from this place. We had breakfast in The Garden Court restaurant on several mornings; however, I found it hard to concentrate on the food. The restaurant space was breath-taking. Even if you do not stay at this hotel, you must visit just to see this. The check-in/check-out process was very easy and professional. All staff members that we encountered were very professional and friendly. We normally arrange private airport transportation; however, we chose to take BART on this trip. The trip was very easy. You board the train at the airport and exit at the hotel...the hotel entrance is across the street from the BART station. You never even have to change trains. If you love historic hotels with a prime location, modern amenties, plush rooms, and beautiful common areas, you will fall in love with this place. I have decided that The Palace Hotel is my new favorite hotel.	
Sep 13 2008 	Love the service	Service-wise this hotel is outstanding from the greeter at your car to the bell hop to the order taker in the restaurant. I have never, ever, had better service including at Ritz Carlton... any downsides? Yes, the walls are thin and noise comes through. The bathroom lock in our room had a broken catch so you could never really lock the bathroom.... not sure dusting was a regular part of the routine... but, like many, I wasn't here to spend time in my room... it was sufficient, and service, WOW.....	
Sep 12 2008 	Old World Style	I stayed at The Palace for seven days during a business trip in mid-August 2008. The large building takes up a city block and appears to be about a century old - from a time of the grand hotels. Given its age it is well-maintained and has been updated appropriately. The classic architecture is rife with detail and the decor is stately without being snooty.I took a cab from the airport so can't comment on parking. But, the bell staff and check-in personnel were professional and friendly, getting me to my room quickly and offering to provide advice on restaurants, etc., if needed. My 6th floor room ($260/night including taxes) faced Market Street and was comfortably appointed including a personal safe, a flat screen HD TV and small refrigerator, but no mini bar. As an older hotel, the room was a little smaller than many 4-star+ hotels and closet space was limited but it was nicely appointed with high ceilings, a dresser, a good sized desk and a feaux-antique chair and ottoman.The king bed was very comfortable (the Sheraton Heavenly bed) and the air conditioning worked well on the rare occasion it was needed. The room was generally clean, although based on the residue on the floor-to-ceiling bathroom shutters it appeared that no one had dusted them in quite some time. The room was also noisy at times. To a certain extent this is to be expected in a downtown hotel but the walls are thin and I could clearly hear the details of phone calls occurring in rooms across the hall and over the TV. Also, on two nights, I was kept awake by the sound of diesel engines as heavy machinery raised supplies to the upper floors of a renovation across the street at around 3:00 am. (The view is not that special so if quiet is important to you, ask for a room on the hotel interior.) The bathroom was reasonably spacious with 1920's style tiling and sink and a nice glass-enclosed shower, but no bath tub and limited storage area for my toilet kit. The soaps and other toiletries provided were high quality and the towels were nice and thick. I had a room service dinner on a couple of nights during my stay. Neither was remarkable and I would only recommend this in a pinch. I did not sample the restaurants in the hotel, but they appear to be high-end. There are also a number of highly-rated dining choices within walking distance.I enjoyed my stay at The Palace. The bygone-era charm with expected updates made this an interesting stay that I will remember. Having said that, if the firm had not picked up the tab I'd probably have been less impressed.	
Sep 3 2008	It is the most beautiful!	Truly the Garden Court restaurant must be the most beautiful restaurant in North America. We had booked for lunch from Australia and were delighted to see that we were expected and warmly welcomed. It was hard to decide what to look at first. The surrounding tables. mirrored doors or the beautiful domed ceiling. The service could not be faulted and the lunch unforgettable. A delight.	
Sep 2 2008 	Glamorous and comfortable	My husband and I really enjoyed the Palace Hotel. It is conveniently located, the door to the hotel being right next to the exit for the Montgomery BART stop. It's walking distance to Union Square, the shopping centers, and Chinatown.The inside of the hotel is very grand, with a lot of gold gilding and embroidered fabric. Our room was on the small side but elegant and very clean, with a big comfy bed, flat screen TV and good quality furniture. The shower was hot with good water pressure, which I appreciate! Their pool is very nice. It's indoors with a glass roof, and there is a big exercise room. We didn't use either though, we just walked through.We had afternoon tea in their Garden Court, which has an astonishingly grand glass roof, lots of chandeliers and marble pillars. The tea was very expensive ($40), so I would say, eat there for the experience and the surroundings, but not for the food. You can have afternoon tea elsewhere for cheaper.We ordered room service for breakfast, and the food came promptly and was excellent.We found a good rate for the hotel as it was Labor Day Weekend. When we decided to stay another night they not only honored the special rate but actually discounted it even more.I highly recommend this hotel. We felt very pampered. I'd look online and ask carefully for discounts, as we found they are available, especially on weekends.	
Aug 31 2008 	Good Hotel in the center of town	I travel to San Francisco for business. I was my first visit to the city and I decied to take my 11 yr old to see some of the sites. The Palace was a great hotel. I read several reviews before deciding to stay here. My company has a list of hotels that we can stay in and out of several including the St Regis, I thought this was the best location and comfortable for my son and I. I had the king deluxe. We arrived on Wed at noon check in was a breeze and i guess being a SPG member is a plus. The room was ready when we arrived so no waiting for the 3pm check in. Room was clean a well appointed with its crown modling and wood features. This hotel seems to have a little more character than some of the others. As I mentioned I read the reviews and request an inside room. It was quiet.. no noise from the street or slamming doors. The locationis great just outside the door we hopped the F trolley to fishermans wharf.. also close to where my office was located. The hotel was also with in walking distance of China town, Union Square( lots of Shopping) and just a block or to away from the Westfield mall. Staff was great, helpfull and friendly. Also pleanty to eat nearby I bought a 3-day muni city pass for $18. At first I thought it was a waste.. but when we decided to rise orginal trolleys that run on hyde street.. it turned out to be a bargin as the rides are $5 a piece. With the pass you ride all Muni transport( above ground tolleys, buses) unlimited for the days you buy. Took my son to alcatrez.. bought tickets ahead of time. go early as its a good half day and tours fill up quick. it was great. Loved Sanf Fran, and would stay in the Palace Hotel again.	
Aug 28 2008 	Excellent stay after initial problems	When you arrive at a hotel after travelling halfway across the world with 2 children, you need to have everything as it was requested. Therefore, as a desk clerk, when you tell a tired and sweaty 40 something dad that there is only one double queen room available on one floor and the other on another floor, and not the two adjoining king/queen rooms booked, you are taking your life in your hands. This particular dad expressed his dissatisfaction in no uncertain terms. Th clerk placed the blame squarely on the travel company's shoulders for not making things clear. I produced the travel vouchers outlining what was booked and was advised that although we had requested adjoining rooms (several weeks before) this was not guaranteed. Therefore we were faced with a stark choice. Our children of 9 and 11 on a separate floor (unthinkable) or myself and my wife on separate floors with a child each...hardly the perfect start to the dream luxury holiday we were promised. We opted for neither and all bunked in together on the 7th floor in an ok room. (We then had the same problem with Chinatown as a previous reviewer. we just walked there and looked for a restaurant. In the end we had just an 'average' meal). We were tired, but mostly we were disappointed with the first day. The next morning we set off for Alcatraz (highly recommended), but not before I had been to the desk to enquire about our prospects for an adjoining room for the next 2 nights. We were promised action would be taken and so it came to pass. That evening we were moved to the 4th floor and the rooms were excellent. A vast improvement. Things were looking up. The holiday took off from there. The pool at the Palace is great and very well maintained indeed. They offer free good quality coffee and juicy apples at both the pool and the front desk. There were free papers each day and the staff throughout were friendly and efficient. The concierge organised a great restaurant (Kuleto's on Powell) and were were treated with care and attention throughout. We finished our stay with breakfast in the Garden Room, and this was very pleasant and a beautiful setting. We never found time to eat in the hotel restaurants, although I didn't think Maxfields looked very child-friendly and so that was probably best. All in all, we really enjoyed the Palace despite the false start. Perhaps the nicest part was when I was checking out. At the front desk was the same clerk who had checked us in on the night we arrived. He couldn't have been more gracious and apologetic. I know these people are trained to make you feel better (or should be) but he certainly succeeded. They say the English are rubbish at complaining - well I gave him both barrels on that first night and yet he had the decency to tell me that he would have done the same and that I was within my rights to be unhappy. He sounded very sincere and seemed genuinely concerned to know that things had later improved. I left the Palace a happy man and will certainly return when I'm next in San Francisco...which i certainly hope I will be one day - it's a great city!	
Aug 28 2008 	Go For Lunch	A Super hotel in centre of San Francisco.My wife wanted to see the hotel as she had read about it in a guide book.Took a tram from Fishermans Wharf and asked directions.This hotel is all it is made out to be and worth a visit just to look as,its rates we outside our price range but they do not seam to mind people just taking photos.We decided to have lunch and were not disapointed and although the prices were a little high it was well worth it.Pay it a visit and just relax for an hour or two and see how the other half live	
Aug 26 2008 	Wow experience	When you are looking for a truly historic experience, this is the place to stay.We stayed for three nights as a part of our honymoon. We were welcomed with champagne and strawberries. Staff was professional, helpfull and friendly. The room was big to European Standards, clean and had everything we needed.The location was great to, shops, china town, cable carr, public transportation, moma, all in walking distance.	
Aug 25 2008 	Fabilous	I would highly recommend Palace Hotel. It has great downtown location just steps from the BART station (their subway). You can get from the San Francisco International to the hotel for 30 minutes. The hotel and the rooms were clean. I found out that I have an allergy to the detergent they wash their linen with and requested our sheets not to be treated with chemicals and indeed they did it! Great place to stay! I highly recommend it!The hotel was cheap and fabulous at the same time.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great location beautiful hotel	I stayed here several days on business for a conference. It's located close to the convention center which was convenient for me. The dining area is just beautiful and the pool was very nice as well. The concierge was very helpful and recommended excellent restaurants.	
Aug 24 2008 	Beautiful almost Luxury	We loved that the Palace had a very old charm European feel to it. It was built in 1875! Location is very good for downtown. Rooms were nice enough but not amazing. Valet parking was $48 per night! Which is CRAZY! and internet access was $17 per night.. so even though we got a decent rate on the room, the bill was still very high. We did get an upgrade to a jr. suite.. which had a bit more space. Shampoos and towels have a lot to be desired.. very cheap and small. Not at all what i would expect from a property of this reputation. Staff were helpful. No views of anything from the rooms since we were downtown. Close to Union Square and China Town which was nice. In the future we would probably find something with a water view or bridge view to really feel more like San Fransisco!	
Aug 21 2008 	Good Hotel/Great Location	I visited The Palace with my 3 kids--we don't usually travel without my husband--but I felt very safe at The Palace. We considered the Fairmont--but I am glad we chose The Palace--I loved the location. We took BART in from the airport &amp; it is right across the street from a BART stop. Also, walking distance to Chinatown--which is nice for an inexpensive dinner. There is a Boudin bakery across the street--we had breakfast there each morning--Boudin is amazing--great food &amp; the people working there were exceptional.The Palace is an older hotel--lots of charm. The room we had was a bit noisy--we were put on the pool floor because of the kids &amp; it did get a bit loud at night. The room needed a deep cleaning--lots of dirt in crevices &amp; corners. Beds were doubles--not as comfy as they could have been--but ok. The pool area was nice--but the air temperature in the pool area was chilly.The concierge was grumpy--but the front desk staff was fairly helpful. Check out took longer than at most places--they don't have a quick check-out option--which I love. Also, the preferred guest desk was not used for preferred guests--so I had to wait in line with everyone else.All in all it was a decent stay for the price--I would stay again for the location.If you go to Chinatown, I would advise finding a good restaurant in advance---we chose to wander &amp; find one that looked good. The first night we tried the Floating Sushi boat which was pretty good--but the second night we had a bad experience at Four Seas restaurant--it is right on Grant (the main drag of Chinatown)--&amp; they get a lot of business because of the location--but we hated the food there--it was served cold--meat was way over cooked &amp; service was extremely slow. It was a bad eating experience--I would avoid &amp; find a place that is recommended by someone local.I would recommend Chan's Art &amp; Gifts for touristy shopping--the owners are very nice &amp; have great deals for purses, jewelry, etc.	
Aug 20 2008 	fantastic hotel	I booked the flight and hotel through Orbitz before I checked Tripadvisor about the hotel. Then I worried if I made a mistake when I read some of the reviews about the thin walls and noise. That was wasted concern because the hotel was fantastic. The hotel was built in 1906 after the earthquake so the rooms are not huge but the are beautiful and clean. We didn't hear a peep from the rooms on either side, it was very quite. If you opened the window facing Market Street, yes there was traffic sounds. Close the window and all was fine. Maxfields Restaurant in the hotel was a total surprise.. the food and service were excellent as was the decor. Breakfast in the Garden Court was a little average,but the room is stunning!!! You should try it once. When I return to S.F., I will certainly stay at the Palace.	
Aug 18 2008 	Good Experience	We visited the Palace Hotel with my two kids and nanny. We were able to get connecting rooms, which was difficult to find in the city. The rooms themselves were not big, but still comfortable. We were on the 6th floor facing an alley which was nice because it meant we didn't hear too much traffic noise. The rooms were very clean, but as another member mentioned they lacked some things. There was no mini bar so we never had any snacks in the room for the kids to munch on. We had breakfast in the main dining room which is beautiful. Glass ceilings almost 40 feet tall with gorgeous chandeliers all around the perimeter of the room. The staff was very nice and attentive. We had the buffet breakfast and the kids (4years old) were not charged, so that was a nice bonus!! Concierge was very helpful and when we asked for a late check-out (1pm), they were very happy to oblige :)Overall, this is centrally located hotel. Across the street is the BART that takes you directly to SFO. Union Square is about a 10 minute walk. We didn't take a cab the entire time we were in the city. We either took cable cars, or walked. It was great! Palace Hotel is a nice hotel, but I wouldn't expect all the amenities of a 4 star hotel. They are lacking in that somewhat.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great stay; bring earplugs	We've stayed here twice, and were very happy both times. This review is for our most recent stay.Check-in was easy for us (they have a Starwood Preferred line); but there were some tired and frustrated-looking guests (lots of families) waiting in the lobby. It was a Saturday afternoon, big day for check-ins, but only two front desk agents (and one was just for Starwood guests).Our room was ready (and upgraded). We got a Junior Suite, which was large and comfortable. Bathrobes were missing, but housekeeping brought them promptly when we called.LOTS of amenities in the bathroom (I'm a sucker for that kind of thing), including bath salts. Nice touch.The hotel has a nice old-building feel (heavy wooden doors with original hardware, etc.), but nicely kept up and in good condition.I saw lots of families. We were here for our anniversary, and would have liked a quieter place. The toddler in the room next to us started crying at 7:00 a.m. Sunday morning and didn't stop for over 30 minutes (I timed him). When the adults started arguing with each other in loud voices I finally banged on the walls -- nearly broke my knuckles! Those are thick, plaster walls, so I don't know how the noise travels so well, but it does. Between all the families here, and the proximity to Market Street, I recommend earplugs.VERY convenient to BART (Montgomery Street Station). Save yourself the cost of parking, taxi, etc. Do a little research on www.bart.gov to figure out where you want to go -- it's all pretty convenient.We opted for room service instead of the famous Sunday buffet. It was expensive, but still less so than the brunch, and a lot less wasted food (not to mention the convenience).The lobby is pretty small, and usually full of tired people waiting to check in. It would be nice to have a place to hang out, when you don't want to go up to your room.The indoor pool has a really nice skylight. We didn't go there this visit because I figured it would be full of kids.I'd stay here again, but probably not for a romantic anniversary.	
Aug 15 2008	Beautiful and Elegant But Bring Plenty of $$$	The Palace is a beautiful old hotel on Market Street. The building is one of the few that survived the earthquake and fire and it has all of the touches from that period that you do not see in modern hotels: high ceilings, crown moulding, wide hallways with large wooden doors, large rooms, and a gorgeous and ornate dining room with a glass ceiling. The rooms are clean and comfortable. Service is crisp. The hotel is centrally located and within a 10 minute walk of the Embarcadero, Union Square, etc.Having said that, the hotel and the restaurant are very expensive. Parking is nearly $50 a night, and the local San Francisco taxes add a substantial amount to your bill.	
Aug 15 2008 	Beautiful Old Hotel Not the best experience	We stayed at The Palace for a long weekend. The Hotel came almost exactly as most other reviews on this sight state. The old hotel is very ornate and has the feel of a very classy old hotel. While they have done a nice job of trying to upgrade the rooms as much as possible (flat screen TV and new bathroom fixtures) the buidling is still old. The room we had was failry small. Not cramped but also not much extra room. The major problem is the sound. The walls are very thin and the sound moves throught the hall. If a door closes in the hall you can hear the loud bang. You can also hear your neighbors conversations pretty clearly. If you have an outside room like we did the noise from Market Street is also pretty substantial. If you are a light sleeper this hotel may not be for you. Other than that the experience is very nice. The staff was wonderful. Room service was a little slow but the food was good and the server was extremmelly nice. The location is good but may be a little uncomfortable for someone not used to city living. We had drinks and ate at the Pied Piper bar downstairs which was very good. Overall a nice stay if you get a good price on the room and don't mind the noise.	
Aug 13 2008 	Nice but completely lacks ambience and soul	Easily reached by BART from the Airport , the station is practically at the hotel - you can save $50+ in cab fares - or the $140 town car charge that the hotel concierge gave me as the only transport option.I had booked a reasonable rate online for five nights, though still not cheap and to find that my 'Starwood Points' wouldn't be credited was the first 'niggle' of my stay. When your paying an average of nearly $300 per night that isn't what I expect to encourage customer loyalty. They did however recognise my entitlement to a 'late checkout' of 2pm.The rooms are well appointed and a reasonable size - though few have any views. I was on the 4th floor - which is a bit of racetrack to the gym - but overall there could be no complaint about the rooms.What the hotel lacks is a 'soul'. The grand nature of the building should lend itself to a great experience - yet the 'cold' attitude of the staff and the 'rail station' like ambience of the public areas does not result in you feeling that this hotel cares. As a simple example locking the Market Street entrance at night - which undoubtedly has some 'security' rationale - just means you inconvenience those actually staying at the hotel who have to walk round the block! This is hotel with a premier location and elegant architecture and facilities but it deperately needs a customer service overhaul and a reminder to staff that 'smiles' and common courtesy cost nothing and reward much.As a footnote, a flight cancellation on my last day, left me with an amended departure from SF to Taiwan of 2am - hence I requested a late checkout of 10pm - which I assumed would cost me a charge - and maybe naively I thought would be a 'half-day' charge as I was a Platinum customer - no it was out by 2pm or a charge of $320 for any checkout after that time - no discussion, no apology - pay it or leave. And leave I did, disgruntled, annoyed and not enjoying what should have been a perfect stay in what could be a perfect hotel.	
Aug 7 2008 	Bring some earplugs	I`m an event director and meeting planner and stay in hotels at least 150 nights a year. I stayed at the hotel for a week in July on business with the additional purpose of assessing the hotel for a future corporate function. The hotel staff was not made aware of my potential future business so I would not receive special treatment.I was told that I was upgraded due to my Starwood status. My room had a king bed and very little floor space. The room also had an old, musty smell. The furnishings were nice in keeping with the hotel`s charm and a flat panel television was a nice addition. The bathroom was functional. The walls are very thin, though, and I could hear the phone conversations, television and (4 a.m.) alarm clocks in the neighboring rooms. I asked the front desk if I could change rooms but the hotel was full. I mentioned the problem to the front desk clerk when I checked out and he responded that I should request an inside room the next time.The concierge, bell and housekeeping staff associates were exceptional. I was not impressed with the front desk staff.	
Aug 6 2008	Gorgeous hotel at bargin rates	This hotel is stunningly beautiful and has service fit for a king or queen with a beautiful pool and state of the art gym. Fabulous breakfast buffet, bar and Japanese restaurant. It offers a lovely tea if you are interested. The location on Market Street is right on bus and cable lines for easy exploration all over the city, or you can take a cab, which I find are cheap. The price is the best part, though. I've stayed at the Ritz Carlton, and the Palace is just as nice. It is less expensive than any decent hotel you can name. And it's not just decent, it's outstanding. It is quiet and restful, just what I need when I'm not out having a last. It's view isn't write-home about, but when I'm there, I only go to the hotel to eat, sleep and exercise. It's my jumping off point, and a wonderful location with great class it is!	
Aug 5 2008 	Old World charm; good service; clean if a little spartan rooms.	I stayed at the Palace Hotel in San Francisco in early August to attend a wedding. I was pleased to see that while it maintains its Old World, European charm and classiness, it has not become outdated or musty (which cannot be said about a few of SF's other old hotels). Before my stay I'd read about the historic hotel, how it goes back to 1875, was gutted by the 1906 quake/fire and then restored to its regal elegance; about how it hosted celebrities and world leaders, even hosting a gala to celebrate the creation of the United Nations. The hotel appeared to fit the description of a &quot;grand dame&quot;. My concern, however, was how it was going to stack up as a luxury hotel with the &quot;Luxury Collection&quot; brand that Starwood Hotels uses for its top-tier hotels. The visit was positive.Upon arrival, we used our Starwood Preferred Guest status to upgrade the room. Since we had friends in the hotel, a comparison of rooms revealed that our upgraded room was larger in sq. footage, but had no additional furniture or visible perks. The room, like all the others, had very high ceilings (a plus for the claustrophobic) and a European character. Our room faced busy Market Street, but the room air conditioner was able to drown it out fairly well. The furniture didn't include too many places to set things down, and the closet was average. The bathroom was a bit of a disappointment, it didn't have very much counter space, had below-average ventilation (not catastrophic, but not good), and the sink's tap appeared to need an upgrade to something more modern (i.e. something that wouldn't spurt water everywhere). The shower was good. There was a nice, large flat screen TV in the bedroom. The breakfast buffet was very good; its pricey (no surprise), but the quality of food is very good and the service was attentive. The overall hotel service was good. The highlight of the hotel is the lobby, in particular the exceptional Garden Room that hosts breakfast, an evening bar and can be rented out for special events (the wedding had its reception here). Many tourists stop by just to take a photo of it. The entire hotel benefits from light colors and skylights that bring in a surprising amount of light for a building of its vintage. Location can be important for any hotel, particularly one in a city with as tough a parking issue as San Francisco. In this aspect the Palace Hotel is well off. We were able to land at SFO, hop on the BART (subway) and get in front of the hotel in short order (there is a station directly in front of the hotel). The MUNI (street car) also stops right in front of the hotel on Market Street, and its only a few blocks from the Moscone Convention Center, MOMA and Union Square/Cable Cars. The Financial District is also close by. Definitely nothing to complain about here.The Palace Hotel is an above average hotel with adequate-but-not-outstanding rooms but enough charm and convenience to carry itself and satisfy most.	
Aug 5 2008 	Nice Hotel 	Alot of choices for hotels for our first visit to San Francisco so I was a bit overwhelmed when deciding where my husband and I should stay. Most rates were about the same but then I stumbled upon a $142/night pre-pay special on The Palace Hotel's website and I was sold since most of the places I had checked were between $200-$250.We couldn't have been more pleased with our choice! I did read some of the reviews about the thin walls and noise so I came prepared with ear plugs in case I needed them (I'm a light sleeper.) We could hear our neighbors on occasion although it was kind of muffled and it was never at a time when we wanted to sleep so I never had to use the ear plugs.We had a room on the 8th floor - no view since it was an interior room but it was nice to not have any street noise. The rooms were on the small side (it's an older hotel but with updates) but very well appointed with nice furniture, flat panel TV, comfy bed, etc. so not a big deal.They have free coffee and apples available daily in the check-in area.We had drinks at the bar a couple of times - good service and drinks.The doormen were great with the luggage and with some directions when we were looking for something in particular. In fact, everyone we encountered there (front desk, etc.) were very nice and accommodating. We told them we were celebrating an anniversary and when we checked into our room there was a plate of chocolate covered strawberries and a lovely note from the manager to start our celebration off just right!Loved the items in the glass cases along the main corridor which were from the hotel back in the 1920's (old menus, photos, etc.)The location was perfect - right across the street from BART, the F Line Streetcar (which will take you to the Ferry Bldg and Fisherman's Wharf), and a number of buses. We went to the muni station and purchased a 3 day muni pass so we could use anything and everything (except for BART) with the pass.We would definitely stay at The Palace Hotel again!	
Aug 4 2008 	Great Hotel	We Stayed here for 4 nights on the 5th floor, we didnt have a view but we didnt mind as we got a good night sleep, the bed was so comfy, the room was big. we had no problems with thin walls!! All the staff we came in to contact with were very nice and helpful.The hotel close to shops and buses never far away from anythingThe breakfast was good but at $28 a little over priced so only went in once.Stay here i'm sure you will love just like we did.	
Aug 1 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	My husband and I spent one night at the Palace, July 26th, as part of our anniversary weekend. We only had about a week to plan and hotels were scarce. I always comparison shop and rooms were coming up in the $250 range with no extra amenities. I was surprised when I found it for $179 through AAA. I called to be sure the rate was correct and it was! We stayed in room 791 with a king bed. We paid for the smallest room and we were upgraded to the next size. The room was beautiful and spacious. We were in an interior room, so there was no view. I didn't care. There was no street noise at night, so I slept like a baby, which is rare for me in a hotel. We always adjust the room temp, but for some reason, it was very comfortable, and we never changed it. The bathroom was large and there was wonderful pressure in the shower. For once, I left all my own things at home, shampoo, hairdryer, etc. All of their products were fine for one night. Having read that the walls were paper thin, we kind of braced ourselves when one of our neighbors returned to their room next door about 9:30 pm. They laughed and talked, which was easy to hear. By 9:40, no noise. It stayed that way the rest of the night. We had a drink at the bar. One glass of wine and a bourbon on the rocks was around $13 plus tip. We did have breakfast on Sunday morning, $28 per person. It's a bit much, but there were plenty of choices, we both went back for seconds. The brunch was starting soon. It was much more expensive, no need to spend that much money! Plus, the room is like dining with the queen! Dinner on Saturday night was at the Daily Grill on Geary, just past Macy's. Great place, mostly tourists, but we've eaten there before and the food was good every time. Friendly wait staff is a bonus.One of my favorite parts of the stay was going for a swim at 7 am on Sunday morning. The pool is on the 4th floor under a glass dome. There were a few others who came and went while we were there, but it was a very relaxing swim for an hour. The hot tub was closed for maintenance. I don't like to use public hot tubs, so no great loss there. The gym was very busy by 7. I would say there were at least 7 or 8 by the time we left the pool. The pool is traditional chlorination. I am used to saltwater pools now, so the smell was a bit strong and the water did sting our eyes. But for one hour it wasn't a big deal. We parked behind the hotel at the Hearst Parking Center. The address is 45 Third Street. The rate was $20 for 24 hours. That's a great price, the hotel charges $48. One important fact to consider. The garage we used is not open 24 hours. Sundays, it is open from 10 to 10. If you have to be out early, don't park there, you'll never get out! None of the rest of the week is 24 hours, either, so you will want to check their times. But the $28 savings over the hotel parking basically paid for one breakfast. If you have a chance, go to the De Young Museum in Golden Gate Park and see the Chihuly Glass Exhibit. It ends in September, but it's magnificent! If you bring a camera, you can't use a flash. My Nikon worked fine without the flash, but about a third of the pictures were blurry. I have a pretty steady hand usually, but I am happy with the rest of the pics. We also walked over to the Conservatory of Flowers in the park. Just wonderful there, but very humid inside for the tropical plants.On Sunday, we went to AT&amp;T park to watch the Giants. Parking was $30! We parked in one of the ferry buildings. Amici's Pizza, across the street from the park is great East Coast pizza. All in all, I would stay at the Palace again. The price was great for San Francisco. It felt very relaxed, no stuffiness from the staff and a perfect location for Union Square. I will take my daughters there in December for our (almost) annual window shopping trip. They will love it!	
Jul 31 2008 	Handy location	The Palace hotel is a nice hotel. The lobby is very impressive, check-in went smoothly. Our room was a decent size with traditional decor but the view was really disappointing. Our room looked out onto 2 brick walls which was a shame as it was our first time in San Francisco. We arrived from the airport on the BART and the hotel couldn't have been handier. It was well placed for shops, trams, ferry building, union square, etc.The walls are as thin as the other reviews say though.. I didn't sleep very well any of the 3 nights we were in the Palace; the people in the room next door weren't talking particularly loudly but they did talk til after 2am and had the tv on.The pool area looked nice, although we didn't use it as we were happy being out and about sight-seeing.	
Jul 21 2008 	Solid 4.5 but thin walls	My wife and I stayed at the Palace for three nights, having driven up in our rental car from Santa Cruz. I booked the room on Hotwire and got a great deal--a huge room with king bed for 150 dollars a night plus tax. The lobby and first floor of the hotel are remarkably beautiful, and our room was very nicely appointed in terms of linens, towels, furniture, etc. Beautiful vintage solid brass hardware on the door of the room, monogrammed, etc. Very nice. We did not demand much of the staff but our experience was with them was just fine, nor did we use the beautiful pool, much to our regret. Others have commented on the very thin walls and it is true--and weird for a hotel of this caliber. Bring your earplugs or sleep with a pillow over your head if the guy in the next room has a cough. A couple of things you should know: they charge for internet in the room (still!) but there is free wi-fi in the lobby. A small biz computer in the lobby is for printing out boarding passes and not for e-mail. Otherwise checking your e-mail in the business center will cost you 5. 25 min. charge (please). The hotel is in the middle of the biz district so night time there is dead, but three blocks aways is Union Square, and a few more in the opposite direction is the Embarcadero. Better location imho than Nob Hill etc. Re. coffee in the a.m. they supply it in the lobby and it is fine. We did not check out the bar or restaurant because there are so many within walking distance. Less than a block to to the right as you exit the hotel is a Starbucks if you need latte (which we do). Parking by the hotel is 50 bucks per night (highway robbery) but they will tell you that right around the corner on the same block are two garages where you can park for 20 dollars a night--fine for a big city and plenty convenient. Very easy walking distance (2 blocks) to SFMoMa (and other museums such as the Jewish Contemporary) and the Yerba Buena Arts Center. Be sure to grab dinner at The Slanted Door at the Ferry Bldg. on the Embarcadero. You can walk there (and make your rez online, early). Would I stay there again? Sure, but keep in mind the thin wall problem. Everything else was 4.5 in my book.	
Jul 15 2008 	Don't Trust the Palace to Honor Reservation -- Even for Gold Starwood Member	Booked ahead through American Express travel. Hotel advised me when I arrived that they were oversold -- that a larger than expected number of guests did not leave as expected. Upshot for me was not being able to stay in the hotel I had reserved. Hotel sent me to the nearby St. Regis, which is Starwood's luxury brand but whose rooms are nowhere near as charming as the Palace. After being agitated at midnight (after a seven-hour flight from JFK) when the room wasn't ready, I had a sleepless night at the St. Regis -- windows could not be opened, annoying remote electronic control device glowed brightly all night, AC blew right over the bed, room lacked iron/ironing board, toilet ran all night, privacy deadbolt wouldn't engage. I had to go back to the Palace for breakfast, and a room still was not ready by 10 a.m. My morning change of clothes was in the hotel's bathroom. Recommendations for Palace:-- When you oversell, call the customer to alert them of the situation so they don't show up and get disappointed-- When you send someone to another hotel because you have oversold the Palace, make sure the new hotel can accommodate the guest for his/her entire stay (so the guest is not inconvenienced by having to repack and return to the Palace)-- Have the room cleaners come in early on mornings when re-routed guests are coming back to check in. I am sure the rooms vacated by early leavers could have been cleaned by 10 a.m.-- Delight those who have been bumped with ample Starwood points, or a dinner in the hotel restaurant, or both, so they understand that management is apologetic. (Nothing was offered until I asked)Despite using a Starwood Preferred Guest American Express card, booking the room with Amex Travel, and being a Starwood Gold member for years, the Palace really let me down.I am a swimmer and have used the Palace lap pool for many years. Now I'm on the hunt for a new SF pool and hotel.	
Jul 11 2008 	Fabulous - Great Value	The Palace was even more beautitul than the pictures capture and the service was fabulous. We were touring San Fran, and the concierge was so helpful; she was our first stop every morning. Rooms are a little small, but if you go for an interior deluxe room instead of exterior with a view it's a bit roomier (of course you can go even bigger for a price...) There is no coffee pot in the room, but you can take a quick ride down the elevator for free coffee by the reservation desk. Don't miss their Sunday Jazz Brunch! The food (and champagne) was fantastic ~ we stayed for 3 hours! The hotel location is perfect, with MUNI right outside the door. Did have a little trouble getting a cab from the hotel, leave extra time for that. We visited several of the other hotels that we had been considering within the same price range and were certain we made the right choice with the Palace.	
Jul 10 2008 	Top Notch Hotel Great Service	We stayed at the Palace Hotel during the 4th of the July Weekend and it was a very pleasant experience. As most people have said in their reviews, the hotel has a classy elegant feel to it. the lobby is very nice. The garden court is beautiful. The rooms are spacious and have great high ceilings with a big flat screen tv. The only bad thing about the rooms was that the walls were pretty thin. i could hear people talking in the next rooms. But it wasn't loud enough to keep me awake at night. The hotel is also within walking distance to union square so it's close to all the shops and restaurants. And the hotels is just a few steps away from public transportation such as the bart, trolley, bus, etc. But it's not close to any of the major tourist attractions such as fisherman's wharf, golden gate bridge, lombard st., etc. But we rented a car so it was fine. The best part of the hotel in my opinion was the staff. Everyone was so friendly and helpful. The bellmen and valets would always greet you and ask if you needed anything from water to directions. For example, whenever we were waiting for our car from the valet, as soon as we took out our maps, a staff member would come over right away and ask if we needed help with directions. The front desk was also great. The cleaning staff was very friendly. And the concierge was very helpful. If you're looking for a fun, hip hotel this is not the place for you. This an elegant, classy, refined hotel with great service. i would not hesitate to come back.	
Jul 8 2008 	Just loved it!	This hotel has total old school charm with modern amenities, like flat panel TV &amp; updated washroom.It is walking distance to so many great things, ie. fisherman's wharf, chinatown, little italy, saturday ferry market.No complaints, especially for the price we paid, $120/night.	
Jul 2 2008 	A Hotel with Character	My girlfriends and I stayed at the Palace hotel from June 27th to 30th. All in all, it was a very pleasant stay. I will say that the hotel looks much more dated that the photos on their websites made it look, but hey, I probably should have expected that given the place is over a hundred years old. Here's a summary of my experience:- Hotel check in: Went very smoothly. We arrived much earlier than the 3pm check-in time (we arrived at 11am), but the clerk checked us in promptly without question. She didn't even charge us any extra for the additional friend we brought, which was very nice. The best part of the check-in are the apples! There are complimentary apples for the guests at the front desk. These are the best apples I have ever tasted! Simple, but great idea on their part.-Hotel room: A little smaller than usual, but nevertheless clean and comfortable. The flat screen tv was a nice updated touch. We had problems turning the tv on when we arrived, and the front desk sent up someone immediately to have it fixed. Our view looked out into a stone-filled pit in the middle of the hotel, so it wasn't a great view, but unless you plan to look out the windown 24-7, this was really a non-issue. The beds had clean sheets with lots of comfy pillow to prop yourself up so you can watch TV in bed. The bathroom was clean, but definitely looked dated with some discolorations on the ceiling and the tub. Don't mistake this with it not being clean. The toilet was slower-flushing, but worked fine. The bathroom amenities included your usual lotions/shampoo/conditioner-but also bottled water! This was replenished by the maid daily. There were actually two hairdryers in the room, one in the washroom and the other in the cupboards under the TV. Also under the TV was the mini-fridge, which was empty. This was great for us because we would have never purchased from the mini-bar and it came in very handy for the storage of leftover foods and little extras we got at the nearby convenience stores.-Hotel Location: VERY VERY central. Don't bother cabbing from SFO as the BART station is 1 minute away from the hotel (5.35$ one-way). Bring your walking shoes because you can walk pretty much anywhere from this hotel. Lots of banks nearby, so its very safe as well. There are beggars on the street, but they aren't the types to hound you once you say no. We were there during the gay parade and the parade ran right in front of our hotel.-Hotel Amenities: Small workout facility and pool. There is about 10 cardio machines in total with some weights/weight machines right behind. All the equipment have TV attached, so bring some headphones. I didn't go into the, but it definitely looked a lot less majestic than it did in the photos. My friends tell me its good enough though.	
Jul 1 2008 	Elegant and relaxing	We stayed in the Palace Hotel whilst on Honeymoon to California and had a wonderful stay. We were in a Deluxe room and whilst it didn’t stand out as particularly different to what one would expect from a high quality hotel room we had no complaints. There was plenty of room to relax and the bed was fantastically comfortable. Despite the central location, the noise from the city was minimal.The roof top pool in the conservatory was a lovely place to relax after a day of sight seeing and there was a great vibe in Maxfields bar were we often ended the evening watching sport and drinking cocktails! We found the central location really useful, with only a couple of minuets walk to Union Square, the local shopping malls and easy access to all the bus and tram routes around the city.The hotel concierge was always helpful with everything we needed from directions to reservations for dinner and organising tickets for the theatre. We would certainly stay here again, and next time will ensure to have a leisurely breakfast in the beautiful garden court.	
Jun 28 2008 	Two-room suite great for visiting with kids	We stayed with our 14-year-old daughter in a two-room suite that, thanks to booking well in advance online, was an outstanding bargain (for S.F.). Our room seemed extremely well maintained, high celings, comfortable beds, rather elegant in fact. The amenities are a little expensive (room service, parking, internet). it's a great place to stay with kids or on business. And there are plenty of places within a block's walk to grab coffee or breakfast inexpensively.	
Jun 17 2008 	Ornate common areas but rooms are not so great	The interior design is ornate and implies living in a palace, but after coming directly from a Cabo resort, the room was a huge let down.No coffee maker in the room. Coffee was $12 list price from room service, which means over $15 after add-on costs. Room was not very clean. Room was old with wall cracks and ceiling cracks. Bathroom was small compared to a resort. The tub was small and old. The sink had a large crack through it, but it did not leak.The bed was ok, but not special. The pillows did not live up to the price tag of the room.The work out room was better than some hotels, as it had some weight machines. The pool was designed as a lap pool with 3 lanes. It was just my wife and I so, it did not matter, but if we had brought kids, we would have been disappointed with the pool area.Basically, the stay at the palace was overpriced for the room you stay in. For us, the fact that the common areas were ornate, did not make up for the room.	
Jun 7 2008 	Good value for classy and convenient hotel	I loved the Palace! It was every bit as elegant and charming as I thought it would be. I stayed here while attending a convention at the Moscone Convention Center. The rate was really good for a downtown San Francisco hotel as nice as the Palace. The Palm Court breakfast buffet was delicious and well presented. Complimentary raspberry lemonade was served in the lobby, which was very refreshing in the summer. The room (two double beds) was spacious – much larger than I expected. There was in an indoor pool with a glass domed roof. It was not very crowded. The concierge staff was helpful with restaurant recommendations and directions. It was right downtown, walking distance to the cable car, right next to the BART and muni trains, near Union Square shopping, SOMA short walk to Embarcadero and ferry terminal. I would stay here again.	
Jun 6 2008 	Good Place to Stay	Good place to stay. The hotel staff was very nice. Room surpassed our expectations, except for the paper thing walls. We got lucky that our neighbors didn't stay up too late. Cost of hotel parking was on the high side, but the convience of having the parking garage across the street and not worrying about our rental car being broken into was worth it. Everything was in walking distance. Would stay there again.	
Jun 4 2008 	A classy establishment	My boyfriend and I have just come back from our first trip to San Francisco and the Palace is in a great location to experience all sides of the city. Our room had nice high ceilings and was spacious and the large bed was comfortable too.Breakfast is served in the magnificent old coach hall, with it's grand glass ceiling. It was too expensive for us to have breakfast there everyday but it was good food when we did.A welcoming bar which was perfect for a night cap and great to meet the locals.	
May 27 2008	Palace - SF an elegant place!	This was such a great deal, I had to cancel my Marriott's reservation. This was the first time I've heard of the Palace, so I read up on it. My heart still belongs to Marriott, but for the rate given &amp; it was 1/2 star higher than the Marriott SF, I thought I can't lose.Upgraded to a bigger room (interior location, vs view). I was told the view rooms are smaller, so I took the interior room. It was pretty big - the ceiling so high. Location is very good. Staff was wonderful. I think if you come in with a good, positive attitude, everything works out to your advantage &amp; it did for my daughter &amp; me (celebrating her bday). The experience was just marvelous!!	
May 22 2008 	A Palace	Elegant, historic, and well situated in the beautiful city of San Francisco, this hotel has it all. It is grand and impressive, with beautiful rooms and romantic ambience.	
May 21 2008 	Great business hotel	I was in San Francisco for a business conference at another hotel a few blocks away. Generally I stay where a conference is being held, but there were no rooms available, and the booking agent put me in contact with the Palace. I was so glad she did! My hotel experience for the three days I was there was outstanding. My husband and child joined me, and she was treated like a little princess by the hotel staff.Because I was booking for business, the view and size of the room were not very important, so I got the smallest room with a king sized bed. There wasn't really much choice available, as the whole town was packed. Even though the room was truly tiny, it was appointed with a decent sized television, a very comfortable queen anne chair with footstool, an end table and a desk. There was room enough for a crib beside the bed as well. When I booked, the agent was very apologetic about the size of the room I would be getting, explaining the room in detail. Frankly, she made it seem much worse than it was. The bedding was luxurious with a gold embroidered quilt, navy throw, soft sheets, and duvet. (FYI, this is the &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot;, but with the added luxe comforter on top of the duvet. The crib was appointed with a soft blanket, which you don't usually get at all in most hotels. The carpeting was clean and ornate. The bathroom was small, and when I booked, the booking agent informed me that I would not have a tub, but only a shower. Because I was traveling on business last minute, even though my family accompanied, I didn't mind. Frankly, I just needed a room somewhere in San Francisco close enough to the conference, so I wasn't picky. However, when we got to the room, there was a small tub, oddly shaped to fit the small space, and enough to bathe a child. It had the same tile and marble vanity as the other rooms, just a tiny tub/shower, enclosed in glass.We ordered room service the night we arrived, just dessert and fresh fruit, but it was prompt and tasty. We took advantage of the breakfast buffet spread in the giant part of the lobby, and it was fabulous. The wait staff was courteous, we never wanted for coffee, and the french toast was tasty.The front desk attendants and concierge were helpful in giving me directions to my conference and in helping my husband find the places he wanted to visit during the days. The bellmen were nice, as were the valets. They helped with everything, and with a smile.The Wall Street Journal is stocked in the Mezzanine elevator lobby, and can be brought to your room if wanted, so there's more than just the crappy USA Today you see at most biz hotels.I highly recommend Kyo Ya, the Japanese restaurant. We had sushi and sashimi, and the inventive rolls, albeit not really authentic Japanese, were out of this world. The sushi is absolutely on par with the best places in Tokyo. Better than most places in Tokyo, actually. We didn't go for the Kaiseki set dinners, so I can't comment on how good they are, but given how good the sushi is, I would venture that if you have a little extra money burning a hole in your pocket, you'll be happy with the food.	
May 20 2008 	Classic Historic Hotel? or just plain old?	I was quite unimpressed by my stay the Palace Hotel this May, especially after staying at the new Intercontinental San Francisco the two prior nights. The problems started even before we entered the hotel. We walked to the hotel after returning our rental car with my wife pushing our 6 month hold son in a stroller and me lugging a carry-on, a 26&quot; rolling suitcase, and carrying a large backpack/baby carrier. As we came up the ramp at the entrance, NO ONE came to our aid to either help with the bags or even open the front door. We were directed to the front desk by the bellhop, who also offered zero assistance.The front desk clerk was nice enough. I inquired about upgrading our priceline booking with starwood points and he mentioned there the only availabe upgrade was from the superior to a deluxe and that was not much of a difference. He looked into getting us a &quot;courtesy upgrade&quot;, which I knew should be offered anyway for a SPG Preferred Plus member. Then as I left the front desk, without receiving directions to the main elevator, wandered around the lobby for a bit before finally finding it.Yes, the lobby and dining room is very opulent and grand, but that was about the only nice thing about the hotel. We finally got to our room on the 8th floor facing the adjacent hotel. Everything just looks old, from the wooden door, to the dated furniture. I guess some people would consider this classic, but I much rather prefer the modern furnishings of the Intercontinental SF. As with many of the hotels we checked in at this week, the room was quite warm when we entered. I guess everybody is trying to save energy and have motion activated thermostat controls.The bed is so far the worst of our stay so far in SF. Very springy with average linens, three small pillows. The bathroom had a nice marble counter, which is all I can say good about it.I guess the age of the building limited the number and placement of the electrical plugs because they were on the floor and not so easy to find. The ceilings were quite high as others have stated. Oh, and somebody finally opened the main entrance door for us when we returned from dinner...too little too late though.We will definitely not be staying here again.	
May 18 2008 	Nice old hotel good downtown location	Actually, I give this a rating of 3.5.Stayed for three nights in early May. Although I am only &quot;Preferred&quot; with SPG, I was upgraded to a junior suite. It was a nice, large room with a giant closet. I like this hotel because I get SPG points and you can get to many restaurants and the financial district easily. It has a beautiful interior and offers an afternoon tea service for those into that. Bed was a typical heavenly bed, which are always nice and comfortable beds. Bathroom wasn't huge but certainly suitable for one person. Large flat screen TV with some HD channels. High speed connectivity was $18 per day which I think is ridiculous. Also, no wireless which meant I could only work at the desk and no where else in the room. I wanted to send some emails while laying in bed and couldn't. The walls were thin and so too was the door to the adjoining room. The person next to me left the TV on two nights in a row, and I could hear the broadcast clearly. Overall, this is a nice place to stay for business or pleasure although there might be better places to stay in SF for the $325 per night that I paid.	
May 16 2008	Lovely old Hotel Comfortable Rooms Great Room Service	Lovely hotel. Gorgeous lobby. Very comfortable rooms. Terrific location. Very friendly staff. So much history. I can't say enough. I've stayed at the Palace before, and very glad I crossed back over Market Street to the beauty and comfort of the Palace. The newer hotels just don't do it for me. Recommended.	
May 13 2008 	30th birthday weekend bash	The Palace was a pleasant surprise. The location is fantastic! So convenient. There is both a bus stop and bart exit right in front of the hotel. Great shopping in union square steps away! We went to SF for a 30th weekend bash, 3 girls and 3 guys. WE got an amazing deal from hotwire. They gave us adjacent rooms and were very accomodating. Check out was at 1pm which was great for us. The lobby was beautiful and the shower was nice and strong. The beds were comfy as well. WE stayed at the Four Seasons last year which had amazing service but for the price The palace is a great deal!	
May 12 2008 	Don't waste your money here!	This Hotel was horrible!I booked a suite for the LLS Man &amp; Woman of the Year Awards event on Saturday, May 10, 2008. Check in was at 3:00pm but they made me wait until 4:15pm before letting me up to my room because they weren't done cleaning it.I called room service to send up 3 extra ice buckets. After 30 minutes, I called again for those ice buckets. After waiting another hour, they only sent up 2 buckets, not 3 like I requested.The dinner event ended a 10:30pm and I had a small get together with other LLS guests in my suite. At midnight, a hotel security guard with a heavy Russian accent banged on the door. He told me that no private parties were allowed and all non-register guest had to leave immediately. His attitude was so rude... like he was acting like he was the KGB or something.I was shocked and angry!!!My guest didn't want any problems for me, so they all left.I highly recommend anyone and everyone to consider another hotel when staying in San Francisco. Either the Hilton or the Nikko is way better that this place.	
May 8 2008 	Great Hotel	This is a fantastic hotel! Everyone was nice and friendly and helpful. The rooms are large with plenty of space. Great for the business traveler!	
May 8 2008 	Meh - Pretty Average for a Palace	Through work, I was booked into this hotel for a business conference for 4 nights. The hotel lobby is probably the most impressive part of my stay. The room was updated recently; the styling is decent but the bed was not the most comfortable. The size of the room was larger than I expected. The bathroom was a bit outdated, and the toiletries were poor. I actually used the Moulton Brown products I received from my 2 night stay at Campton Place Hotel prior to coming to the Palace instead. The towels in the room were rough as sandpaper.All these I could over look if I could get a good peaceful night's sleep. Unfortunately, that didn't happen on most nights. The Palace, being an old building, had extremely thin walls and sound traveled easily between rooms. My room also faced New Montgomery street and during the night I often heard the whistles of the bellhops hailing cabs. I ate breakfast twice in the immaculate grand room, but it costs about $30 per person and was nothing special. The location is very good - very close to Market street and all the shopping and close to the Moscone Centre where my conference was being held. However, next time if i need to stay close to Moscone, I would pick the St Regis instead.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great location ...spa needs some help	This hotel is very close to union square. So, the location is great. The lobby was very impressive. We are gold members so we were upgraded to a higher room class than we had booked. I am not sure what our original room looked like, but there wasn't much that was special about the upgraded room. We booked our room here because it was one of the only Starwood resorts that mentioned they had a spa on site, and we do a spa weekend once a year in different areas of CA and AZ, so we thought we would give it a shot. The Message therapist was great, she did a fantastic job...but the facilities were so NONLUXURY that I would have a hard time even calling this a spa. there was a tiny waiting room, right where people came in, so there was no serenity there. the locker rooms, and I call them locker rooms because it felt like I was in a city recreation centers locker room. I originally thought they were like my Gym's ladies room, but then I thought, the gyms locker rooms were a heck of a lot nicer than this was. They had 1 bathroom stall, 2 showers, old broken tiles on the floors and no amenities like hairspray, gel's etc. The pool and hot tub area was very &quot;cold&quot; feeling and there was no privacy between the men and the women. There weren't even any hooks to hang towels or robes. This may seem a little petty, but you would expect this from any resort spa. It needs a complete face lift in my opinion to be part of the luxury collection for Starwood.	
Apr 27 2008	Great location beware of amenities	Great location at corner of Market / Montgomery but beware of the hidden costs and lack of amenities. No coffee pot in the room. No WiFi in room (but free access in lobby). Hard-wired Internet in room for one computer. They charge $17 per day &quot;per computer&quot;. If two people in same room have separate computer that need Internet access, the charge will be $34 total per day. Very nice 37&quot; LG flat panel TV in room. Nice sized desk with 6-outlet power-strip is convenient.	
Apr 26 2008	lovely historic great location - would stay there again....	charming hotel with grand lobby (great martinis at Maxwells bar), comfortable, clean and more like a 3.5 star quality but a bang for the buck given excellent location, etc. if back in SF, would stay there again.	
Apr 10 2008	Great Lobby and rooms	Another historic hotel in SF. This is located right off Market St. in the Financial District. Rooms feel big and are well appointed. I would recommend this place to anyone. Maybe not ideal for Tourists but it is easily accessible to most locations by BART and MUNI.	
Apr 7 2008	Don't miss out on the Sunday brunch	This hotel is a must visit for people who come to San Francisco frequently. If you are a once in a lifetime tourist, I'd recommend to stay at the Fairmont or any of the other typical places, but the palace hotel has it's own charm. My favorite is the brunch on Sunday morning, I think it is the best I had in my lifetime (in terms of food, atmosphere, room, music). So even if you stay at another hotel do not miss out on the brunch on Sunday at the Palace.	
Apr 1 2008 	Beautiful Hotel and Fantastic Location	My Husband and I were very impressed with our stay at The Palace Hotel. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and the staff was quite helpful. We liked the ambiance of the hotel and had a nice visit to the Pied Piper pub in the hotel. Our only complaint was that the sound from a wedding reception carried into our room until the wee hours, but it was not too bad. We would definately stay at The Palace again.	
Mar 30 2008 	just OK	Expected more from this luxury hotel. Maybe because we booked a special rate through Expedia, we didn't seem to be treated as Starwood Gold members (which I am). Room had no tub, no coffee maker, no turn down service, no wine glasses...things you might expect in a luxury Starwood hotel. Beds was older and too soft and the pillows were too small and there were not enough of them. Beds were doubles, not queens. Service was neutral. Concierge were too busy with virtually no time to provide appropriate level of care and service (not their fault). Only one on shift at any one time. Hot Tub was closed for one of the days. While a beautiful property and a good location, it did not live up to my expectations.	
Mar 24 2008 	They don't build hotels like this anymore...	As a frequent traveler (over 100 nights a year), I often receive upgrades in hotels and this one was no different. They upgraded me to a beautiful suite with great views of market street.The bedroom itself had a comfortable bed and we did not have any of the issues hearing other guests that have been noted. The bathroom is nice, but would benefit from the shower rod that is present in other starwood properties. Otherwise, it's a good size.The fitness center and pool are very nice with an atrium view of the city. Only downside is that if you are on a vacation with your wife (like I am) and want some alone time in the whirlpool, you have to share it with a bunch of young children (at 9pm no less).Good service, especially the bell staff, great room service (although slightly expensive). Look forward to returning.	
Mar 24 2008	Great hotel - wonderful stay	Always wanted to visit SF and the West Coast. Found this hotel on Expedia and booked based on other reviews. Very happy with the choice. Great location, extremely helpful staff, big room (especially compared to London), very comfortable bed, big clean bathroom, huge HD LCD TV, mini-bar.No tea/coffee in the room, however available from reception in the morning. I completely understand that being a hotelier myself, who wants dozens of kettles and hundreds of cups to take care of.Not to mention the most wonderful gym and 18m swimming pool - great for relaxation after the extensive shopping. We would always go back there. Recommended	
Mar 18 2008 	Great atrium lobby few amenities	Palace Hotel is one of those &quot;Grand Dame&quot; hotels that has seen the best of her days go by. While the enormous glass atrium is gorgeous, and we had a nice breakfast there, the rooms are definitely NOT up to par for a four-star hotel. First, the rooms are extremely small. Not enough room to even place luggage next to bed and be able to walk by. Then there's the lack of normal amenities: no coffee maker and no mini-bar even though there's a small fridge! One can only assume the hotel doesn't want to service these amenities. Unfortunate considering the relatively high cost of the room!The hotel plasters its logo on every soap and water bottle for marketing purposes, but no service? Come on.Finally, I have to tell you about our check-in experience, which was unbelievable. I was trying to check in while my husband was having the car parked, and the clerk refused because we have different last names. She called his cell phone, and although he said of course I should be allowed to check in, she again refused and continued to grill him on how and where he had made the reservations! He didn't know because &quot;I&quot; had made the reservations! We had to go to the back of the line and wait until he returned! This is &quot;security&quot; taken to ridiculous heights and she was extremely rude. Very disappointing.	
Mar 17 2008 	Enjoyed our pleasant stay at the Palace	My hubby and I stayed here last week for a few nights for my first time in San Fran. My father-in-law paid for the rooms, so I don't know how much they were, but we stayed in the king bed room on the 6th floor. The hotel is really pretty; grand, ornate, made you feel special and fancy. The room was nice too, although our layout was wierd. Our bathroom faced the bed, so when you opened the door, it swung out about an inch from the side of the bed. I hated that, everyone could hear you pee. It also had a huge mirror on the door, so you could also SEE yourself pee. Not all the rooms are like that though. The bed was really comfy, the shower was very nice, and I loved loved LOVED the indoor pool and hot tub. Some gripes: I'm not sure if the in-room AC was working well, but my husband opened the window a bit (which was heavy as hell, I couldn't even lift it) so that kept the room nice and cool. Yes the doors are heavy and loud. We didn't hear anyone staying around us, but we did hear housekeeping start coming by, yakking loudly in the hallways starting a little before 8AM. A little early, no? Keep the Privacy Please sign on your door unless you're a very early riser. All in all we had a great stay. One afternoon we walked to the Haight and caught a bus that dropped us off right in front of the hotel. And it was only a few blocks to Union Square. We even walked up through China town to City Lights and that wasn't too far either. But we're young outdoorsy walking people, so a few miles up big hills is nothing. Oh and I saw that some people didn't have such great luck with service, but we found everyone there to be extremely polite, even when we did have a snafu. One of the valets even stood in the middle of traffic so we could get into the far left lane to park in another lot. Their valet parking is $50 a day, so if you don't need a car, don't get one. The BART train is right outside and takes you straight to the airport.	
Mar 10 2008 	Grand Old Lady in great location	Beautiful old hotel with updated amenities like LCD flat-panel HDTV. Stayed for business and within walking distance of most things downtown. Like most old hotels, rooms are not large but perfect for the purpose. Booked a AAA rate for under $200. A steal. Definitely will return if the opportunity (and price) presents itself.	
Mar 8 2008 	Great for a family celebration	I booked three rooms at this hotel for a birthday celebration for my daughter. We had one King Suite, which connected to a Superior Double, plus one Deluxe Double. The rooms, while smallish, feel larger because of the tall ceilings and large windows. Bathrooms were small but nice. This is a historic old hotel, so don't expect the immense bathrooms of modern hotels. Public spaces and corridors are grand and the beautiful hardwood doors to every guest room really make you feel like you are living in the early part of the 20th century.There is also an enclosed heated pool on the roof deck, which my children used and loved.Service was friendly but mediocre. Our rooms were not ready when we arrived and at one point we were told that we might not have access to the rooms until after 5pm. Obviously, that was not acceptable. Room keys did not work in two of the doors, etc.We ate only one meal (breakfast) in the Garden Court, which was nice as was cocktail hour in Maxwells.Despite the small inconveniences, I would stay here again. The rooms are a great value for the location (just a few blocks off Union Square and tons of shopping, restaurants, etc.).	
Mar 5 2008 	Very nice hotel excellent location!	We stayed at the Palace Hotel recently as part of a 2 1/2 week trip along the California coast, ending in San Francisco. I had stayed at the Palace Hotel many years ago, and was impressed by its elegance at that time. Although the hotel remains elegant, we felt quite comfortable in casual clothes. We were able to get an excellent senior rate of $139 per night for a room with king bed, and we were very satisfied. The room was fairly large (15' X 15&quot;) with high ceilings, and a large flat screen TV. We were aware of the excessive cost of certain items (internet and parking), and worked around them. Since San Francisco was our final stop on the trip, we turned in our rental car when we arrived at the hotel. And the hotel offers free wireless internet in the lobby (it gets heavy use), although we used our laptop via a telephone internet connection. Even then, we had to pay for outside telephone calls, but it wasn't a problem considering our low hotel rate.The hotel is in an excellent location, just a few blocks from Union Square (easy walk) and in walking distance from the Ferry Building. You can also catch the trolley to Fisherman's Wharf right in front of the hotel. There is also a BART station in front of the hotel.We always request a quiet room location, and on this stay we were given an inside room. In San Francisco, unless you are in a room on a very high floor, you will get more than your share of street noise. So at the Palace, I would recommend the inside rooms -- no view but also no noise. Some other travelers noted the sound from the adjacent rooms and also from the hallway. We also had that experience, but fortunately not in the middle of the night. We could hear the couple next door whose bed shared a wall with ours, but mainly when they woke up a 5am and engaged in loud conversation. We also had hallway noise -- the doors were inclined to slam shut unless you closed them slowly (and many people didn't).The bottom line is that I would definitely stay at the Palace Hotel again. It was a quality experience at a very good price.	
Mar 4 2008 	Location great room just okay.	I stayed here recently for a conference. I found the hotel very convenient to the BART and walking distance to China Town and Union Square. As with most meeting rooms in hotels, the A/C was very cold. Hotel staff was somewhat helpful with sightseeing and dinner reservations. They did a great job getting us a table at Pier 39, but did not appreciate waiting outside Kayoya (hotel restaurant) on a Saturday night only to find out that it was closed weekends. The rooms have high ceilings with nice furnishings, but I would recommend a thorough cleaning. I HATE to find previous guests hair in the bathroom. The hair dryer and light switches were dirty and looked well used. I actually cleaned them myself because they were so grimy. Hallways were noisy during the early morning hours (I think I was by a service elevator). Overall, the hotel was just okay and nothing special.	
Feb 26 2008 	Beautiful Historical Hotel	Got a great rate, so thought we would take a chance on staying downtown. We usually stay at the wharf. When we arrived we were informed that the valet rate was $50.00 Wow that's steep. This trip I decided to take my dogs. My fault... I did check if they accept animals and I was told yes, but was not told of their $100.00 non refundable policy. My room was $185.00 and $150.00 for my car &amp; 2 small dogs. We did find our room on the smaller side but with the high ceiling it seemed bigger. Bad for noise. Everything echoed. We went downstairs to have a drink then off to the wharf for lunch... Well, we never made it. The hotel called because my dogs were barking. We were so worried about distrubing the other guests we left and drove home. I have no idea what the bed felt like or the shower.. With the building being so old everything echoed. The building is beautiful from what I did see. What an expensive day trip	
Feb 16 2008 	Don't tell Cinderella...	as this Palace is not up to her standards.Stayed here in early January on business so I will give you my review from that perspective. A very impressive place upon arrival. It is very clear that there is a tremendous history to the hotel and they have done an excellent job of keeping up all of the public / common areas. This place makes a great first impression, but once you get below the surface, things start to fall apart a little bit.The meeting room temperatures were either fit for storing sides of beef or for firing recently glazed pottery - nothing in between. The meeting rooms however, were well maintained and refreshed on a regular basis. The banquet staff was very attentive and responed well to our needs an/or any special requests (minus temperature adjustments). The food was just fair but I'm not sure if my group purchased the &quot;bargain&quot; meal plan or not so I'm not so sure I can entierly blame the hotel for that one.My biggest complaint came in guest rooms. Counter space in the bathroom was limited and the tub shower was in need of some care as it we quite worn. Some form of an eternal exhast fan ran day and night. The shower pressure was decent (one of my pet peeves). The mattress was firm but the bed linens were lacking in quality and a bit stiff. Big flat screen TV (42&quot;?) was great - a very nice touch. All of this could have made for a passable room if it wasn't for the paper thin walls on all four sides. This turned out to be the deal breaker for me. I could hear conversations in the rooms on either side of me and there was constant noise from the hallway. The traffic noise was last straw. On the first and third night of my stays I was shaken out of a deep sleep by a trucks horn that I could have sworn was coming just a few feet from my bed. When this happened the first night I was sure that I was a gonner. Needless to say after four nights at this place I was exhasted and couldn't wait to get home for a good nights sleep.In summary:Common / Public areas - GreatMeeting rooms - attractive but lack any form a climate controlService - Awesome (but limited by the physical constraints of the building)Beds - Great mattresses but horrible linens, comforters, &amp; pillowsTV - AwesomeWater Pressure - goodNoise - Unacceptable, close to the worst I've experiencedI would not return to this hotel unless forced to by my company.Sulu	
Feb 15 2008	Worst service ever!	This is simply the worst luxury hotel experience we've ever had. The hotel was beautiful, but the management and front desk have no idea how to treat a guest. They refused to bring my packages up before my arrival that came Fedex and at check-in asked if I wanted them brought up. Yes, please. They never showed up. I then called in the morning before our show and they said yes right away. I waited almost an hour and then had to go do our show without some very key items. One package was awaiting me AFTER my show when I arrived back and it being no use to me I put a note for housekeeping to return it to management to send to my office at checkout. It never arrived back of course. They also lost about $350 in sample in a completely different package and I have spent the last two weeks trying to get them to return my emails OR when I call for a manager to actually be on duty. I won't even go into the room service issues in detail but I will say that when they left a MAIN ingredient out of my salad, they were disgustingly snooty when I asked for it to be removed from my bill. They are absolutely unapologetic. This place treats it's guests like garbage. I wouldn't pay more than $39.95 to stay here again.	
Feb 13 2008 	Very grand good location	I just got back from staying at the Palace with my wife this past weekend. I knew going it was an older hotel with smaller rooms, and I wasn't sure about the location, so I was skeptical whether I would like the hotel. But I must say I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was very grand. The lobby was much prettier than I expected. There was a big crowd checking in when we arrived but the front desk handled it smoothly and efficiently. Our room was larger than I anticipated. We had a king size bed, flat screen tv. , lounge chair and a desk that was sufficient for me to work from. The bathroom was small, but since I knew that going in, it wasn't a problem. But there was definitely no way more than one person at a time could be in the bathroom. The bed was comfortable and room quiet so I had no complaints. The only meals we had in the hotel were the breakfast buffet. The buffet was nothing spectacular but it was good. In addition to the usual scrambeled eggs, bacon and sausages, there were blintzes, waffles, pancakes etc. Nothing to complain about. The restaurant in which the buffet was served however was spectacular. The room reminded me very much of where they served the buffett at the Alvear Palace in Buenos Aires. For that matter the common areas of the hotel (not the guest rooms) reminded me of the Alvear. The location of the hotel worked out very nicely for us. It is in close walking distance to the convention center, china town, and good shopping. All in all a positive experience. The only negative comment either I or my wife had was that when she gave the concierge two packages already sealed with fed ex forms filled out and ready to go, the concierge charged her 5 dollars to out in the hotel's fed ex pickup. I thought a formal charge to basically put a package in the mail was kind of chintzy but nothing worth complaining about. I would stay there again.	
Feb 1 2008 	Charming weekend stay	My husband and I stayed at the Palace for a weekend getaway. He had stayed several times, but it was my first time.The lobby and common areas are beautiful, and the location is great -- right on Market St., a few blocks from Union Square.We were upgraded to a suite with separate living room. Bed was comfortable, 2 plasma TVS, spacious, clean, no complaints.Would happily stay here again.	
Jan 26 2008	Beautiful Common Areas but Room Details Lacking	The Palace Hotel has beautiful and grand common areas. The staircase is marvelous with the original granite steps and ornate balustrade. Each day I walked up and down these stairs to enjoy their timeless beauty - and also to warm up from the drafty room. There is a spectacular atrium room for breakfast, lunch and tea. Be sure to bring your credit card though, because &quot;Tea for Two&quot; is about $100. The room had nice high ceilings, great crown moldings, cornices, etc. The room was simply and tastefully decorated. It contained a king bed, chair with ottoman, desk, bench, large flat screen TV, frig and iron. There were spots on the duvet cover and carpet. The mattress was too a little too firm, pillows were lackluster. A DVD player would have made a nice addition.The bathroom was small with insufficient counter space. A magnifying mirror and hair dryer were included. The shower head was great. Toiletries included uninspiring shampoo, conditioner, lotion, shower gel, and bar soap. The bathroom exhaust vent ran constantly and could not be turned off - it was not connected to any light switch. Not only was the noise from this annoying, but it made for very drafty bath time. The bathroom floor came complete with black hairs about 5 inches long which were not removed during this stay.Bottled water was replenished - that was nice. Evening turn-down came with a sweet. Apples were complimentary at the front desk all day, and good coffee there in the morning.I believe the thermostat was pretend. No matter how high the temperature was set, the room never became warm. The fan could not be turned off - just adjusted low, medium or high. The room was very drafty, and since the weather outside was rainy and cold, it made it impossible to ever get warm. There was a gap between the window and the frame of about a half inch, so a breeze came through there, along with all the street noise. It sounded like the sirens were right at the window on the 6th floor. There were nice heavy drapes that could be closed - but who wants the room dark during daylight hours??? Drafts also came from around the door frame.There was no soundproofing whatsoever. I was privy to every word spoken and every other &quot;activity&quot; of the neighboring room. I even knew when a throat was cleared. Which means, of course, that they were privy to everything going on in my room. Upon arrival, the lamp plug was broken off - and was sitting several feet from where it would be plugged in - meaning it was obvious to housekeeping - yet it was left that way for me. This lack of attention to detail carried through the stay. There was no room service menu in the room - one had to be requested to be sent up. There was a rusty metal panel on the bathroom ceiling that steam would condense on, and then drip rusty brown water onto the toilet seat - creating a somewhat unpleasant image.Internet was $17/day and parking a shocking $50/night. Yikes!! A room service hamburger and beverage came to about $30 delivered.The Palace location is surrounded by lots of shopping and dining. Walking distance to Chinatown, the Ferry, etc. Pay attention to where you're walking though, as a few blocks in the wrong direction can certainly change the tone quickly to something disconcerting.Overall impression is the Palace is a beautiful hotel. If they'd just pay attention to the details, it could be a fabulous experience, instead of just average.	
Jan 23 2008	Excellent Hotel	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights for a weekend getaway. We loved how centrally located the hotel is. It's easy walking distance to Chinatown, Union Square, shopping and the Ferry Building. The BART station is right outside the hotel, convenient when coming from the airport. The hotel room is a little small, but in great shape. Considering how old the hotel is, it is well maintained. We had not problems with &quot;thin walls&quot; as other reviews mentioned. Tip: Take the BART from SFO instead of a taxi. It's a 1/2 ride for about $5. Unlike the $50 taxi trip.	
Jan 22 2008 	Very Disappointed	My husband surprised me with a weekend getaway to SF, and booked us a Junior Suite at the Palace Hotel in SF. Upon arrival, we were &quot;upgraded&quot; since our room was not ready yet. The room we ended up with was #798, it had 2 rooms and was very nice... at first. We went out for the evening and on the way back to our room we noticed that the people in the room next to us had left out their room service cart. There were cigarette butts and empty cigarette packs all over the table. I opened the door to our room and was immediately hit with the disgusting smell of cigarette smoke. Our room was non-smoking and did not smell like this earlier, so we knew it was from the folks next door. We called down to the lobby and they took the cart away. We called down again and they asked if we wanted a new room. It was after midnight, and we thought the smoke just came from under the interior door joining our room to theirs, so we said no. A custodian came up with spray freshener and an air purifier that only ran for 20 minutes. We stuffed a towel under the adjoining door, opened the windows, and went to sleep. The next morning it still smelled like smoke - and I realized that the smell was coming from the ventilation vents in the ceiling. The custodian told me that room next to us was a smoking room, and ours wasn't. Why would they put a smoking room next to a non-smoking room when they share the same ventilation system? Anyway, we checked out as soon as we could. When the valet brought our car, we noticed that they had backed into the wall in the parking garage. It's not like the bumper was falling off, but it was dented and paint was missing. The security guys took our information and we were told the Director of Security will get in touch with us in about a week. I was so excited to stay at the Palace; it's a lovely old building with a lot of character and is in a great location... but we will never go back.	
Jan 18 2008	Praise for the Palace	We stayed at the Palace on the first leg of our San Fransisco to Carmel trip, 4 nights-- we loved the location -No car needed--With 2 teenagers the pool was great--Great location--walk to shopping, cable cars , Embarcedaro--We cabbed to a SF Giants game and then walked back (instead of waiting for a cab)...and not a bad walk at all....but away enough from all the hub-bub to make it pleasant..Once we checked out Union Square... nice to visit ....but wouldn't want to sleep there!The hotel itself : The room was a superior booked through AMEX Vacations--good value--spacious, service was great, housekeeping superb.Maybe we're used to the family stay hotels..but this was nice luxury in a well kept hotel with some history--they don't make them like this anymore...walk to patissrie for coffee and a croissant..down the block to Four Seasons and other fine hotels and upscale shopsWill definately recommend	
Jan 14 2008 	Very nice hotel great location	We stayed at the Palace in SF for the week between Christmas and New Year's this year and had a great time. We stayed in standard rooms which had really comfortable beds, a flat screen TV, wired and wireless internet, a good mini-fridge and other amenities. We took advantage of the hotel's other services and were particularly impressed by the exercise room and pool. Although somewhat expensive ($69/person), the jazz brunch in the Palm Court on Sundays is well worth it and the rest of the hotel's food is also good and reasonably priced.No real complaints except that it is perhaps located a little far from some of the core tourist stuff like the Cable Car lines but frankly we didn't see this as a problem. We'll be back for sure!	
Jan 10 2008 	Great Location.	Can't fault the location, a few meters from BART station so very easy to get to from the airport. Room was nice, facilities were what you'd expect for this standard of hotel. Breakfast was vast, if a little expensive. Would definitely recommend.	
Jan 8 2008	Can't wait to go back	We loved everything about the Palace Hotel. The location was superb. We've stayed in other parts of San Francisco, but this was by far our favorite location for proximity to great restaurants, transportation, convenience to the heart of the city. The rooms were lovely and beautifully kept. The bathrooms had old-fashioned ambience, but with modern amenities. The concierge service was first rate.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants big city ambience in an elegant hotel, close to the &quot;action&quot;.	
Jan 6 2008 	Just OK	I stay in this hotel all the time on business. I have recently noticed that it is getting tired (rooms/common space). The service has also gone downhill. In December, I was upgraded to a suite and noticed; dirty carpet, broken tiles, an iron that did not work, and no movies on the very old TV. The food is expensive and just OK.	
Jan 5 2008 	Good location nice hotel but not luxury	Hotel in a great location and the public areas are spectacular. Room was spacious and adequately furnished and carpeted but I would not call the decoration (magnolia and white emulsion paint) or the fixtures and fittings in the rooms (pictures, lamps, etc) &quot;luxurious&quot;. Service in hotel courteous and fine. Avoid the very expensive (but beautifully decorated) bar where service was rather surly, considering the amount spent on 2 glasses of wine.	
Jan 1 2008	Holiday Inn "Luxury Collection" Awaits You	Complete with a Holidome and the ubitquitous $10 brass hotel lamps with the pleated shades, this is not a luxury hotel under any circumstances. This place has gone a long way (for a long time) on a grand lobby and interesting architecture but that does not a great hotel make. The rooms are very small, the furnishings are tawdry, it's noisy and seems to be a haven for families. The lobby should become a registered tourist trap and the rest of it closed and completely renovated and sound-proofed.	
Dec 27 2007 	Older But Very Nice	I've stayed at the Palace on a number of occasions. Service has been well above average every time. Rooms have been very nice. Always clean.Public areas are attractive and well maintained.	
Dec 26 2007	Fantastic hotel let down by silly thing!	Fantastic hotel, excellent service but parking is EXTORTIONATE at $48 a night!!! and internet service at $19 a day!!Apart from the above the rooms, hotel, staff were fantastic. Hotel was clean comfortable and i would 100% stay here again in a heartbeat!! i just wouldt take the car!	
Dec 18 2007 	Grand Old Hotel	We spent the weekend in San Francisco and wanted a hotel close to a BART station. We decided to fly into SFO and wanted to walk and use public transportation in SF because of the holiday traffic. We chose the Palace Hotel because it was located directly across the street from the Montgomery BART station. It is a lovely old grand hotel with a very European feel. We walked past the ornate and very busy bar to the efficient check in area as well as to the helpful concierge service. Our room was adequate, although the bathroom could have used some renovation....little counter space, plastic shower curtain over tub, and poor ventilation. The beds and bedding were comfy but next time I would make sure that I had a room with more efficient blackout curtains. Keep your voice down, though. We heard conversations on both sides of our room, so clearly some improvements need to be made. Breakfast in the ornate, gorgeous room was lovely and plentiful. The dining room and the entire hotel were decorated tastefully for the holidays. We enjoyed being able to walk to Union Square, the shopping area on Market Street, and to the MOMA. With just a few improvements, the Palace could become just that....a palace.	
Dec 13 2007 	Nice old hotel!!	Booked this online and got a GREAT internet rate. Hotel is a classic old one and in a great location. High ceilings, good bedding, nice views of the city. Don't expect a &quot;spa&quot; hotel but similar to the solid ones -- Fairmont, St. Francis, etc.Had brunch in the main dining room and the buffet was extremely well done (I am not a big buffet person). Would love to stay again. Valet parking was a bit pricey ($45), but the room was cheap enough to overcome this.	
Nov 25 2007	Bad Service OK Rooms	The rooms were fine, but the service was definitely not 5-Star. The majority of the service we received was unhelpful or completely non-existent. We went to get our car from the hotel garage, were told they'd have it in 15 minutes. The guy left and never came back. 35 minutes later we walked to the garage and the attendant got it for us after another 15 minute wait. We also went to the concierge desk for help finding a place to ship the wine we bought on our trip and were helped by a bell hop who had no idea where to tell us to go. They also charged $17/day for internet access which seemed completely over the top, we opted for going to the coffee house down the street. If you're looking for an upscale service this is not the place to go. The hotel was definitely understaffed, but if you're just looking for a decent room in a good location it's not a bad spot.	
Nov 12 2007 	Great Stay!	I had made a change from the Omni to this hotel based purely on price. I was able to get a standard room for 169 a night for the 2 nights that I was going to be in town to see the Cal vs. USC Football game. I was very happy with our stay!First, it was also an anniversary, and when we checked in, there was a courtesy card with a half dozen chocolate dipped strawberries....which were very good! We enjoyed the pool, sauna, but the spa was currently being reparied.Service was amazing, and everyone was very helpful and friendly from the moment we arrived. We used room service several times, and each time the food was great.The room itself was smaller than some that I have stayed in, but it was more than enough for just the two of us. The bathroom had a great shower, and the soaps and shampoo were above average in quality. The bed was a king size that was comfortable, but the sheets and blankets could probably be updated a little.Overall a very nice stay in a great hotel, and much cheaper than many of the competitors.	
Oct 27 2007 	Okay	Hotel stay was simply okay - defiantly not a traditional five-star, possibly not a four-star. Historic, yes, but in need of a renovation. Hotel services, however, were outstanding.	
Oct 24 2007	Nice Hotel but thin walls and expensive	The hotel was nice. I stayed there for a conference, so I was less concerned with the price than if I was there on vacation. If I was paying, I would say that it was on the pricey side (over $400 a night). Actually, I wouldn't have paid that much for a room.The room was nice, clean, and I had a king bed. The location of the hotel is great...within walking distance of Union Square, SOMA, and the Ferry Building. Overall a good stay, except when the patrons in the room next door woke me up in the middle of the night as they were...how should I say this...getting to know one another...if you know what I mean.	
Oct 23 2007 	Great Hotel in the Grand style of yesteryear	Got a great deal on this property through Hotwire.com. It was my first time in SanFrancisco and I had no idea where to stay. I certainly lucked out with this property.Room was impecible - A little small but very luxurious. Marble Bathroom - King Size Bed - Big TV (not LCD) and impecible service. Pool and spa were beautiful.Location is perfect - right in Union square. Get a good deal and youre laughing with this grand hotel	
Oct 10 2007 	Loved the Palace!	We loved our stay at the Palace. Check in was easy and quick. Our room was on the 6th floor facing New Montgomery. The rooms are well appointed and very clean. The standard rooms are a bit small but the high ceilings really open the small space right up. It was perfect for 2 people. Concierge was helpful. Complimentary bottled water was left every day. The pool/spa/gym complex was very nice. There were always bowls of apples at the front desk. Coffee and papers were available every day. There was a City Guides free tour (they have them all over the city)at the hotel one morning, so we took it. It really gave you insight to the history of this opulent hotel and all the dignitaries that have stayed there over the years.I must say that I was really hesitant about staying at the Palace because of some previous reviews. I am glad to say that we had no problems at all. The city was easy to navigate from the Union Square area. We purchased a 3 day MUNI pass that we didn't even wind up using (other than to ride the cable car once) We walked everywhere and felt very safe even though there were lots of homeless people everywhere you went.	
Oct 10 2007 	Very nice stay even if room was small by today's standards	We chose the Palace due to it's location near the people we were visiting there. Overall, we were very pleased with our stay all the way from check in to check out. The only &quot;drawback&quot; is that with it being a hotel that was originally opened in the 19th century, the room, at least the one we stayed in on the 5th floor, is so tiny by today's standards some of you may feel a bit crowded. I believe most modern rooms in big hotels are at least 350 square feet. This room was smaller and the bathroom tiny. Still, everything worked out nice as far as the room was concerned. Room includes: Free bottles of water, robes, and the usual(blow dryer, iron, small tv). Service was polite and professional. Morning coffee and newspapers are provided. We did not eat in any hotel restaurants. The lobby is a nice place to relax and finish that coffee and paper. The location, as others mentioned, is somewhat less than wonderful from the standpoint that the homeless wander the streets pretty regularly. Still, we strolled the nearby streets at night so I would not say be fearful, just be prepared that people digging out of trash cans and holding a cup up to you will be pretty common. Also, you are only about a 15 minute walk from some of the touristy-sights, like the Ferry Plaza and Chinatown, and a rather tough two mile walk from the biggest draw to San Fran, the Fisherman's Wharf area. There is a nice indoor pool and jacuzzi. Unfortunately, the jacuzzi was out of order on the second day of our two day stay. I was a bit disappointed because this is the second time in the last couple of months a Starwood Chain hotel I stayed at has been been hampered by a broken hot tub. Oh well.. Our triple A room rate was $259/night plus about $36 dollars tax for a king size bed room. Note about charges: If you use a debit card, even with a VISA or Mastercard logo, to charge your room, the hotel charges you an extra $100 dollars per day for incidentals. Apparently, we were told the money is not credited back to you for 15 to 30 days. We checked-in using a credit card but paid with the debit card at check out and avoided those charges. We did not have a car so I do not know the parking charges. In summary, if you are a couple looking for a nice place and expect to be strolling the sights more than staying in the room, the Palace should be fine. But based on the size of the room, I would suggest parties of more than 2 compare the room size to other places first. .	
Oct 9 2007 	Loved The Palace	I had to book a last minute hotel for my boss. This was amazing. It had old world class, but was very laid back . The restaraunt was an amazing dining experience. If you want luxury, try The Palace. Only 10 minutes walk to The Moscone Center.	
Oct 4 2007 	A touch of class in a somewhat depressing downtown area	We began our honeymoon at the Palace hotel.........wonderful tradition, very tastfully decorated, a world class hotel overall.The rooms are a bit small which is to be expected in a major city - but the wonderful high ceilings with crown molding make the room seem larger which is great.........the bed was heaven!The hotel staff were some of the most friendly helpful people i have ever encountered.one drawback of staying here, if you are going to be there during business work week, there is a large population of homeless people in san francisco - we found out they begin their early, and i do mean early morning banging on drums to resemble some type of music to raise money from passerby businessmen/women on their way to work - we thought it was a parade at first it was that loud! very distracting and annoying!	
Oct 1 2007	Beautiful Place!	I tagged along on a business trip with my husband and we stayed here - very impressive! It is quite pricey though - good thing we could expense it! Rooms were quite large - very exquisite - excellent service and great breakfast. Would highly recommend!	
Sep 27 2007	The Palace was fabulous!	I spent many many hours online trying to book just the right place for a 5 day reunion with three childhood girlfriends. The Palace Hotel turned out to be exactly what we were looking for! A spacious room just doors down from the spa/pool/hot tub/sauna, a friendly bar on the premises, a wonderful concierge...Thank you, Debbie Lew! (The only thing we would have liked would have been to have had bigger beds, but then again, we didn't sleep that much because we were having such a good time.)The location was terrific with transportation at our doorstep, but within easy walking distance to museums, Union Square, Chinatown and Bloomingdales. The lobby and the dining room were stunningly beautiful. The entire staff, from the doormen to the desk staff to housekeeping were so friendly and at our beck and call. I highly recommend the Palace Hotel and will try to stay there on my next visit to San Francisco.	
Sep 21 2007	Our trip to the Palace	The Palace Hotel is a cool place. It has a grand elegance and appears to have history. The location was great for us. It is within easy walking distance to the Ferry Building. The staff was great and the room was clean and comfortable. Two things to know. The walls are thin. When the folks next door decided to watch TV at 11:30pm, I could hear every word (we had to get up at 4am for a flight!). Also, the charge to keep your car in their valet garage is $48 per night! They don't tell you this until they have possession of your vehicle. Beware!	
Sep 5 2007 	very quiet 	It was abeautiful hotel, in a great location, it was very peaceful, it was very quiet and there is nothing to complain about. The room service was good and the staff was very nice and helpful, we really enjoyed it :)	
Sep 4 2007 	Grand hotel in shopping district	Hotel is a grand old property near Union. Square and the shopping district. This is not a contemporary hotel but a grand old hotel with a historic background. Rooms are not overly large but beautiful. I have stayed here numerous times. Restaurants are fantastic and the bar offers friendly service and a good selection. Would recommend this to anyone visiting San Francisco.The only disappointment would be the service. The property is well kept but they really don't go the extra mile on friendliness and service compared to other similarly priced hotels. I stayed there on my honeymoon for a few nights and they didn't even acknowledge it. However the two prior hotels we stayed at in Hawaii on our honeymoon went above and beyond ackowledging it.	
Sep 2 2007 	Not on par with luxury collection	We stayed at the palace for one week end of August 2007. The hotel rooms are very small and extremely plain. We booked the deluxe room which is the same size but on a higher floor. I didn't know that until we asked what we were paying for. I really wanted the bigger room instead if we were going to pay more. The bathroom is also very small. We are used to staying at Marriott or Hyatt's. The pros are they provide water daily and USA today. However, there is no coffee maker in the room and the coffee in the lounge is often empty. The cons rooms are all white or very pale yellow not very inviting. The temperature on the high floor never gets below 76 degrees. I know because it was so hot we kept checking the thermostat. The walls are incredibly thin and you can hear &quot;everything&quot;. Also the cleaning staff seems to come so early at 730 to 8 in the morning. The TV has maybe 12 channels on it and the internet is the most expensive I have ever seen 18.00 per 24 hours. There are 5.00 internet cafe's right around the corner but you can only use the net there. The concierge all are effective but also not very nice. The biggest test of a hotel's service and &quot;luxury&quot; class caliber is when a problem arises. The manager does not seem to want to help or let you know when things are being taken care of. I would not stay in this hotel again especially since there are so many nearby that are much better.	
Aug 29 2007 	Way Overpriced and in Need of Renovations	Just returned from a week's vacation in northern California. We stayed 3 nights in The Palace in Union Square. We booked through Hotwire because the rate seemed good at $169.00 per night for a so called 4.5 star hotel. I would not give this hotel anymore than 2 stars. On top of the room rate they charge you $48.00 per day for parking plus if you use the internet another $18.00 which is not even wireless. With taxes you and everything else you push almost $300.00 per night, which just makes it seem way overpriced. Now for the hotel, the location is great but aside from that, its all it has going. The room was about 12 X 12 and has no closet. It has a little armoire to fit a few hanging items. In addition we were traveling with an infant. We could not walk around the room with our luggage and other stuff. The bathroom was very small as well. There was a big area of paint peeling on the ceiling of the room which is unacceptable in a so called 4.5 star hotel. I will add that my standards are high and I usually stay in the Four Seasons or comparable but being a 4.5 star I figured for the price it was worth it but I will not make this mistake twice.	
Aug 28 2007 	Lovely Hotel Expensive Phone Calls!!!!!	As a former San Franciscan, I have always wanted to stay in this gorgeous hotel. I finally got the chance ! The rooms were very nice, and quiet. Honestly, we didn't encounter much service, as we are very familiar with this area of the city, and didn't require help navigating. The rooms are fairly austere, but very high quality, and very comfortable. This may sound odd, but the air conditioner was very quiet and the air felt clean.The Pied Piper Room with its Maxfield Parrish mural, and rich wood interior is not to be missed. I went there for drinks when I lived in SF, as well as each time I have returned home. The truffle french fries rock!The hotel is in the Financial District, so be aware that during the weekend a lot of restaurants in the immediate area are closed, or have limited hours. For those concerned about coffee (and believe me, I AM concerned about coffee) there is a Starbucks about a half block away on Montgomery, and place called Specialy's about 3/4 blocks down @ Montgomery &amp; Mission. They have coffee, pastry, and are known for their excellent cookies and bread. On the other side of Market St. on New Montgomery, there is another Starbucks as well as Peets Coffee, and Tulley's coffee in the Crocker Galleria.If you are staying at the hotel during the week, consider lunch at Belden Lane , a small street in the Financial District that has several great restaurants (French, Spanish &amp; Italian). If it's warm, you can eat outside. Belden Place is about 4 blocks from the hotel, and out of awful Union Square, where oddly, there is not much good fare.On to the bad news about the hotel....$17 PER COMPUTER/ PER DAY for internet service. Now, c'mon --There is something very wrong for a hotel of this caliber in tech saavy SF to charge for internet at all! Why don't they have wireless??? A 17 minute long distance phone call was $47. The cell phone reception in the room was not great, and we had to make an important phone call to the tune of $47. We had to send a fax from the business center which was grossly expensive (I'm not sure, I think that it was $8 per page),and the woman at the business center was less than pleasant with her huffy-puffy attitude. All in all, this is a beautiful hotel, in the best location, and most importantly, the best public restrooms in the city.	
Aug 24 2007 	Beautiful and Friendly	My wife and I arrived here for a conference on a weekday.Doorman and bellhops were great when we arrived, and throughout the rest of our stay. I did sprinkle a few singles around to everyone well worth the money in the NY area this would have got you nothing. Concierge was very helpful filled with good ideas and knew all the restaurants I wanted to go to and made my reservations. He seemed to know the people when he called the restaurants and did a great job.This is a grand Hotel that has kept all the wonderful Stained glass ceilings furniture and the like in the lobies just great.Our room was perfect with extremely comfrtable bedding and bath was as expected very high ceilings as one can only find in the great old hotels. Housekeeping staff kept rooms immaculate.Excellent Location by all transportation and easy walk to all.TIP: Best crab cakes in all of San Fran in the Pub downstairs all meat enjoy.	
Aug 21 2007 	Charming great location	The Palace Hotel is beautiful. My husband and I and our 2 daughters spent 4 nice nights at this splendid hotel. The location is great! It's just a short walk to incredible shopping, Chinatown and great restaurants. The moment we got out of our car, the service was nothing short from great. They took care of our bags and our car as we proceeded to check-in. We had reserved a one bedroom suite, which turned out to be quite nice. We were a little nervous about the noise, as an aquaintance had just stayed at the Palace and said that the walls were a bit thin. I inquired at the desk about the noise and they assured us it would not be a problem with our room. The suite itself had a great old world charm to it. The rooms were clean (although the sofa in the living room needed a good cleaning) and the king bed was extremely comfortable. The bellman unloaded our luggage to their respective places, showed us the room and welcomed us to the hotel. The only problem we had with the room was that they gave us a king instead of 2 doubles so our daughters had nowhere to sleep. I immediately called the front desk, they quickly apologized for the mixup and said they would send up two complimentary rollaways. The rollaways were brought up within 10 minutes of the call and fit perfectly in the livingroom, since the room was quite large.The concierge service was very nice, they were very helpful in recommending restaurants and making reservations and giving directions. The steakhouse in the hotel (Maxfields) was decent, not overly great, but we didn't want to walk to a restaurant outside the hotel after walking all day long. We ordered room service for our daughters a couple of nights so that my husband and I could go out on our own, they enjoyed it ( and loved eatting in the room while they watched High School Musical 2). The front desk was correct, our room was relatively quiet. The mixup with the beds worked out great, since it gave both my husband and I and our daughters privacy after a long day of being tourists. My daughters found the long hallways a bit &quot;spooky&quot;, but they enjoyed themselves as well. We'll definately stay there again, if we return to San Francisco.	
Aug 16 2007 	Nice hotel good location	We stayed at The Palace Hotel for 3 nights and found it to be a very nice hotel. It was clean, the staff was very helpful, the pool and exercise area were very nice. They only have a lap pool, but my young daughter still enjoyed it. It starts at 2' 8&quot; and goes to 4'.We did not have to pay for our stay here, since this part of our trip was business related. I'm not sure we would of stayed here, if we had paid for it ourselves. They didn't have a coffeemaker in the room and room service was very pricey. For three small breakfasts and coffee our first morning there, it cost us over $60, so we didn't do that again. There is a room service charge, plus a 15% gratiuty is added on automatically. The mini bar is also very pricey. I had an 8 ounce bottle of soda one day and it cost $4. I needed my caffeine in the morning and without a coffeemaker, a caffeinated soda was my only option.The room itself, was very nice and we had plenty of room to spread out. My daughter and I could watch tv in the evening, while my husband worked at the desk in the sitting area.The concierges were all very helpful. We left early in the morning for the SFO airport and were planning on taking a taxi. We were told that it would cost $45 for the trip, but when we got downstairs to check out, the bellhop told us that they had a towncar available for $50, so we took it. The ride in the towncar was worth it! We had some not so fun taxi rides during our stay, so a relaxing trip to the airport was wonderful.	
Aug 10 2007 	high expectations...	We had high expectations of this hotel, and certainly the lobby and garden court room was spectacular to look at. However a very beautiful hotel was marred by surly and below standard service.On our arrival reception staff were brusque and unwelcoming with mininal communication. Our first room was ok, but disappointing as it was on a lower floor and on the &quot;backside&quot; of the hotel -completely the opposite of what was requested. (though we do understand , requests cant always be met).A second room was slightly better but we were eventually upgraded to a junior suite on the following day.There was a large wedding taking place the evening we arrived and as a consequence it was impossible to get a quiet drink.Reception suggested there was no altenative but to request room service -however room service was going to take 30-40 to deliver 2 soft drinks (the mini bar was empty).Having arrived on a Saturday evening, we tried to order brunch for the following morning, to be told they were fully booked.We suggested we might take brunch in another hotel, and at 7am there was a message on our phone saying they had could accommodate us at 11amBrunch was $64 pp and the restaurant staff were insistent we should pay this for our picky daughter who wanted ONE pancake.Becoming increasingly jaded at this point, we asked to see the manager.He was new and &quot;learning the ropes&quot; but he did eventually arrange for us to be accommodated in the garden room to have our brunch, with just a $12 charge for the pancake.However we had lost our &quot;slot&quot; by then and had to wait a further 30 mins.Brunch was excellent,hot, fresh, lots of choice.Concierge seemed busy, and mildly impatient.The hotel did offer some recompense by way of a slightly later check out time to accomodate our flight and a complimentary breakfast on our final morning, however we were left with the feeling we would have to &quot;do battle&quot; over each little thing.Despite our experience we would give this hotel another try as the surroundings are lovely.We may just have been unlucky-and everyone deserves a second chance.	
Aug 9 2007 	Nice place but a few changes could make it great!	We had two rooms at the Palace for three days. The rooms were very nice with great beds and soaring ceilings, but they lacked a few basics that have become standard in most average quality rooms. For example, there was no coffee maker. There was coffee in the morning near the front desk, but two days out of three they were out and the guests were lined up waiting for the pot to be refilled.We did order tea from room service once. With all the charges and tip it came to $20 for a pot of tea and we had to wait 45 minutes for it to be delivered.The bar, however, was lovely and the mural of the Pied Piper of Hamlin is not to be missed.The Garden Court is lovely too, but it is given over almost completely to a restaurant that was almost abandoned and one did not, therefore feel comfortably hanging around it it. Too bad. If the Garden Court was treated as a lobby and made into a true public space, it would really make this grand hotel come alive. Instead, it felt a bit sterile...like its grand days were past.I will say that the staff was very friendly and helpful.	
Aug 6 2007	Hit and Miss in San Francisco	We stayed at the Palace Hotel in mid July 2007. We did a fair bit of homework before booking, via Trip Advisor and other sources, but no hotels in San Francisco seem to be perfect. We excluded a few due to ongoing refurbishment works, eventually we figured that Starwood are usually a safe bet and seemed to have a good price. Originally we had asked for a high floor suite but got allocated a suite on the third floor as that was all they had available. We had chosen the Palace in part because it had a pool for our daughter, which is on the 4th floor. It turned out that being able to walk to the pool up a single flight of stairs right outside the room was very convenient. The pool was usually quiet with a few other kids in it. The changing rooms were a bit basic and did not offer the usual spa-style luxuries you might expect. There is no life guard nor, it would appear, any rules or restrictions. The two room suite was not exactly the most luxurious we have ever stayed in and was looking tired and old fashioned. Flat screen TVs and computers haven’t made it to San Francisco yet. The rooms were small and the two double beds quite cramped in the bedroom. They were also bit soft for our taste, not the usual Starwood “heavenly beds”, but at $900 for 3 nights the suites were fairly priced. The bathroom was very small with an over bath shower only. Large wardrobes, safe and minibar were available but no tea or coffee making facilities and you have to pay $17 a day for internet access which is ridiculous when you can get it for free at MacDonald’s down the road! The room was quite noisy with thin walls, rattley air-con and traffic and building work early morning, so take your ear plugs. We had expected more of this hotel both in service and quality. For example, on arrival we had asked housekeeping for extra robes, a missing hotel services directory and few other things. I wonder if they have arrived yet? Another bizarre thing was turndown at 5pm some days!The hotel is well situated for Union Square and shopping access and for trams and buses. The doorman was helpful but most of the staff we encountered were indifferent and there was a constant queue for the concierge. Eventually we only used her to order a car to the airport and she got that wrong. The Garden room is pretty but only open for lunch and breakfast. You would think they could open part of it as a lounge in the evenings. We had lunch here and the food was very good, however the waiting staff were totally forgetful and disorganised and got our orders mixed up, leaving us with the wrong meal. We tried the Japanese restaurant in the hotel which was nice enough though not spectacular. The “famous” Pied Piper bar is very busy and noisy but there aren’t any other lounges to relax in for a drink and a game.	
Aug 6 2007 	Nothing Special	We are platinum american express members as well as gold starwood members. We chose to stay at the palace because we chose it from the leading hotels magazine american express gives its members. Although we where upgraded to a suite and receieved all the platinum perks we did not feel the hotel was really up to par when it comes to service. We travel alot and I have to say that this hotels staff did very little to make me feel like coming back to it. No one was friendly and inviting, The bell staff was extremly rude dropping one of my duffel bags on the floor because it was on one of their bell carts and they needed to use it. This was a 1500 louis vuitton bag and I asked him not to put it on the floor that I would go over and take it myself. He just said &quot;well i need this cart&quot; with an attitude and procedded to drop my bag. There are tons of great hotels in the area some are the Renaissance (smiliar grand look as the palace but they do it right!) the W and the Ritz carlton. I dont recommend this hotel at all. The decor in the rooms isnt much either not warm or cozy although they tried to make it look classic and traditional it just didnt work, there is no color on the walls which adds insult to injury.	
Jul 27 2007 	Peaceful Hotel in Chaotic City	I decided to stay at the Palace because I was not in the mood for the generic, business hotel where my conference was being held. I wanted to stay in a place that reminded me of another era, which had some history and elegance - I was not disappointed. From the beautiful dining room with the amazing ceiling to the cozy Pied Piper Bar, to the pretty staircase near the elevator, to the 14 foot high ceilings in my room - this was definately not a generic business hotel!! My room was small and faced the interior but it was extremely peaceful. The bed was very comfortable and there were no noises at night. The bathroom was a nice size and very clean. I felt alot of peace in this hotel. Even though it's very old, the rooms don't seem old at all though there are the nice details such as large windows, closets, etc.I changed my hotel reservation 5 times because I'm very picky and know that I made the right choice in choosing the Palace!	
Jul 25 2007	Wonderful stay at Palace	I stayed at the Palace Hotel from July3-7, 2007, and I thought it wasa wonderful hotel. I got an AAA special rate of $159. per night for adeluxe, preferred room. The offer included a room upgrade if available. As far as I know I did not receive an upgrade. My room was elegant and I thought it and the bathroom were big (maybe that isbecause I often stay in Marriott and Hilton properties.). I was really pleased to find that the bathroom had a window. I was on the 6th floor in an inside room and everything was very quiet. It was hard for me to realize I was in the middle of a busy, noisy city. I was a little hesitant about staying here because of the comments on Tripadvisor about thin walls. Once or twice, I heard water running either in the room next door or perhaps upstairs. And once or twice I heard someone in the hall. But those are noises I expect to hear in any hotel. None of these noises were loud. I really wondered if anyone were in the rooms next to me. So one morning when I left my room, I checked and found “Privacy Please” signs on the doors of both rooms on either side of me. I found all the hotel staff from the bellmen to the desk clerks to the maids and even the concierge to be friendly and cordial. One day when I was leaving my room, a maid was coming out into the hall from a room she was cleaning to get supplies. She not only acknowledged me but asked me how I was doing. She seemed ready to engage in conversation if I had encouragedit. The concierge were wonderful and knowledgeable. They were busy every time I passed by. But when I actually stopped to get information from one of them, she acted like I was the most importantperson she had to wait on that day. One day after breakfast, I asked one of the restaurant employees a question about the hotel history. She did not know the answer to my question and suggested that I might check with an employee in the lobby area. I went on my way and was admiring furniture and fixtures. I looked up and saw the restaurant employee. She had asked one of her fellow employees and then she looked for me until she found me and gave me my answer.I thought the bed was very nice. I probably would have preferred that the mattress be a tiny bit more firm, but I thought it was a moderate level between soft and firm and I had no problem with it. I was glad to find that there was an alarm clock in the room by the bed. However, I did not use it except to see what time it was. I used the wake-up service the mornings I needed to be up by a certain time. And that service was great. In other hotels, I have found that such a service is sometime early or late in calling. At the Palace, it was “right on time”.The hotel public areas were luxurious. As others have mentioned, the hotel is in an excellent area for public transportation. I used BART and the MUNI and walked a lot of places. I enjoyed having a small refrigerator in my room and it was easy to walk to Bristol Farms (grocery store) in San Francisco Center to get a few things to put in the refrigerator. I took BART back to the hotel because I didn’t want to walk back with my groceries. Walgreen’s was also a couple of blocks away.There were homeless people around but for the most part they kept to themselves and did not bother anyone on walking on the street. I found the area safe, even after dark. One night I went to a play at the Curran Theatre and walked the 5-6 blocks there and back, coming back around 11:00.a.m. The first few blocks were crowded with people, but by the last few, everyone had disappeared.I did not have a car so I did not have to pay for parking. I did not have a computer with me, so I didn’t have to worry about connections and fees.I would consider staying at the Palace again. And I would consider it even if the rate were around $200 a night. That seems to be the rate in a lot of hotels in San Francisco. And I really liked the areaand the room. For this trip I was considering several other hotels. Most of them would have cost more than the Palace and I doubt if any of them would have been as nice. Regarding the negative comments about the Palace Hotel (or any other hotel), I think a lot of them could be avoided if people would check out hotel websites to get information and call the hotel to ask questions. Then perhaps there would not be so many surprises. Some people might say that they don’t have time for that. I would say that is interesting because they sure have time to write negative comments and gripe about everything	
Jul 24 2007 	The Palace right for the price.	Stayed at The Palace and came away with no regrets. The hotel is centrally located on Market Street. About a 5 minute walk to Union Square or the business district of the Embarcadero. The staff was pleasant. The room we stayed in was large and more importantly clean. The gym was modern with about 8 aerobic machines along with free weights. The indoor pool looked inviting but was unable to take a dip. At a rate of 109.00, a night, purchased by calling Sheraton, it was a good deal. The only complaint is having to pay for internet access. If 'cheaper' chain motels can give you free internet access why can't a high end 'hotel' give you the same service. Definitely a consideration when going back to San Francisco.	
Jul 23 2007 	Nice Hotel just a bit boring	I returned to the Palace for a long business trip this July, the hotel is nice, its just not very exciting. The room I had was decent and the bed was very comfortable. The room faced Market, this became a problem several days into my trip, as construction started late at night. The front desk assisted me with a room change. The second room I received, inner room, was really dark and small. It would have been a bummer to have stayed in that room for seven nights; however, it was quiet and I was only in the room for two nights. The photos in the review are of the first room facing Market. The gym is average to below average. The cardio equipment is really old. The pool area is nice. As for the concierge, two of the female staff members were really rude. One gentleman who worked the concierge desk gave some great advice... however, stay away from the female staff. They were mean, rude, and never smiled once. If you like old grand hotels and you intend to spend a fair amount of time in the lobby, this is the place for you. If you want a flat screen TV, free internet service in the lobby, nice cardio equipment, or a friendly concierge... go elsewhere. Its nice, its just not great. I would only stay here again for my starwood points... but the W is down the street as well as the new Westin!	
Jul 19 2007 	Great location to cable cars streetcars BART	Stayed three nights at Palace using reward points. Was a little concerned about some of the less than stellar reviews. Well, we were VERY pleased with the Palace. The public areas are beautiful. We got a slight upgrade to a larger two double bed room so we could better fit a rollaway. The rooms were well maintained with nice bathrooms. Wide, majestic hallways. The Montgomery St. BART station is literally outside the door of the hotel - very convenient if you fly in via SFO or OAK. The streetcar stops outside (to take you to Alcatraz pier/Fisherman's Wharf, etc). And the cable car station is a few blocks away. TIP: Don't queue up at the end of the cable car line (it could be a huge line) - go down a block or two on the cable car route and wait for the cable car to come to you (they don't totally fill them up at the end station). YOU HAVE TO BE SOMEWHAT AGGRESSIVE if you want to wedge your way into cars that may appear to be full. Check first to see if the car has any open spots on the running boards (BEST place to ride, hanging on to the rails).Breakfast at the hotel was a kings' ransom - but there are literally dozens of places within seconds of the hotel for breakfast. That's your better bet.	
Jul 19 2007 	Location and Charm!	My husband, 4 year-old-daughter, and I stayed in a superior room (#406) July 3-8 for an AAA rate of $129 a night. We were pleased with the location and most of the services but would not spend over $200 a night for them. As mentioned in previous posts, the location is awesome, especially if you are intending to use public transportation. The BART station and streetcar stops are right there. We either walked or took public transportation to all our activities in San Francisco. The area felt as safe as a city area could feel at all times. There were always homeless people visible on Market, but they did not disturb us.  Our room faced the entrance of the hotel; some noise was heard from the hallways (mainly in the morning and early evening), but not from the street. The noise did not interrupt our sleep. We thought the room was simply but nicely appointed. The mini refrigerator in the room was appreciated. Two bathrobes hung in the closet and bottled water was left each day. The pool was wonderful and relaxing, and the staff at the desk there were helpful. The check-in desk was often busy, but the wait was never more than five minutes. The concierge was extremely busy but was helpful enough; however, nothing recommended stuck out as being superb. One small irritation was the internet service. My husband never could get the wireless to work, and neither the front desk nor the business center they sent him to could help. In fact, the business center claimed they couldn’t help at all because they were completely separate from the service (why did the front desk send my husband there for help then?). After being frustrated with that, he paid for the wired connection in the room which was rather which also was a pain to use and slow. Since the hotel is charging $13.99 a day to use its internet services, you’d think it would be more helpful and up-to-date. All in all, we enjoyed our stay at the Palace and thought the rate we paid was a deal for what we got!	
Jul 11 2007 	Great Location-Very Clean	Stayed one night for a conference.. I know the rate was $259 for the room and $43 to park. The location was terrific and the room was not fancy, but very clean and very comfortable. I would stay here again if I could get a lower rate.My room number was 350... along the outside near the street and it was fairly noisy so next time I would book a room on the inner hallways.The Pied Piper Bar was very comfortable and a nice place to wind down after a long day of meetings. This hotel is historic and beautiful, not modern luxury but I kinda liked it!The staff from the valet attendants to the doormen to the check in people were all very kind and helpful... they know how to make their guests feel at home!	
Jul 7 2007 	Overpriced for an okay hotel.	For a 250-300 dollar/night room, i expected way more. Granted the lobby is gorgeous, but who spends time there anyway. The location is convenient though, near Union Square and Market Street. My biggest problem is total lack of value for the money you pay here. The rooms are okay, not really 4 or 5 star as they claim, just plain old standard rooms. The room size is small, the beds and linens are like the sheraton sweet sleeper types, but then I am not paying to stay at a sheraton. The bathrooms were new, but very small and the towels had that &quot;hilton&quot; feel to it. The amentities were not so good either. And also they charge and arm and a leg to park here. Its a decent place, not really for a family though. Would only pay max 150 dollars/night for this type of place. Not worth it in my opinion.	
Jun 19 2007 	A Great Way to Start A Honeymoon	I wanted to treat my wife to a nice wedding night in the city in June 2007, and so we picked the Palace hotel because it offered the overall look we were looking for. SF has many wonderful 4 and 5 star hotels, and I wondered if the Palace was the right choice, especially given some of the negative reviews here.After spending the night there, our only regret was that we had to leave so early in the morning to catch our flight to Hawaii. It was a great choice, and my wife and I had a wonderful time there.I booked the site about 2 weeks prior to the weekend we wanted, and I booked a deluxe suite directly through the hotel website. After booking, I e-mailed the hotel, explaining this was going to be our wedding night, and I received a courteous reply from the hotel manager, informing me that they would give me a complimentary suite upgrade.When we arrived at the hotel around 8:30pm, we were greated at the curb with friendly concierge service. At the desk, we were quickly checked in to retire to our 8th floor suite. That's when we were further surprised -- they upgraded us up to the Govenor's Suite. Whoa!!! Talk about a luxurious place to spend your first honeymoon night. My wife and I are usually frugal in our hotel choices, and so this easily became the best hotel room experience we've ever experienced. I don't even want to know our ask how much that room would normally cost! But it was amazing -- a gorgeous outer room, beautiful bedroom, and a marble floor bathroom with shower and jetted jacuzzi. Oh, that jacuzzi was a great treat after a long week of wedding madness!!Breakfast came early for us in the beautiful Garden restaurant, one of the most beautiful courtyard-like rooms you'll ever see in a hotel. Probably overpriced for what is offered, but the food was good....and it was our honeymoon, so it was worth it! Our waiter, Donny, was particularly friendly, taking a nice picture of us and giving us some tips on how to check out more quickly.One other note -- the guys at the parking garage were very friendly. My wife left her contact solution in the back of our car, and so we had to retrieve them in the wee hours of the night....but they were very friendly and helpful to get them for us out of our car. I don't remember the guy's name -- the same Chinese guy who took our car when we arrived -- but he was great!We certainly didn't have the experience that many other here have relayed. People that complain about the high food prices and high parking obviously failed to mention that just about every other hotel in SF is going to charge you around the same. Don't blame the Palace -- it's a SF thing....and if you don't like it, don't come to SF to stay in a hotel!Our honeymoon could not have started any better. For the amoung of luxury we received, we cannot imagine a better deal on a gorgeous and spacious suite overlooking Market Street. Thank you, Palace....and we will definitely be recommending you to others!	
Jun 16 2007	It's just okay for the price	The Palace is a lovely urban property within walking distance of Union Square, Bart and Market Street transportation to points west. During my recent stay, some problems presented themselves, however. The walls in this property are so thin that, after returning to my room at about 12:30 am, I called home to speak to my husband for a few minutes (in a very normal &quot;inside voice&quot;) and almost immediately received a call conveying a complaint from another guest. I've never encountered walls this thin, even in budget-class hotels.The other major problem was that, very early on the morning of our departure, the Bay Bridge collapsed due to a major fire. The hotel never contacted guests who were checking out and, as we waltzed out to grab a cab two respectable hours before our flight out of Oakland, the valet informed us that we needed to take BART. We sprinted to the station and, because it was a sunday, only three lines were running. We missed our flight and had to completely rebook on another airline in order to make it home that night. In a &quot;Luxury Collection&quot; property--in any property, really--guests should be apprised immediately of any emergency which may result in transportation delays or missed flights.	
Jun 11 2007 	palace ok overpriced	stayed at hotel for 3 days....beautiful decor in dining room...ok location. right next to bart, walking distance (sorta) to chinatown. Expensive bar in hotel...no close bars or restaurants otherwise. (was surprised). So I suggest if you are staying here have a car (though I hear parking is big bucks too). For price of room was expecting better ...but i guess for san francisco this is typical. I would try another hotel next time. Ordered room service. food was very bland, outrageous price, but brought to you in the room which is nice. Shocked at how bad the food was frankly. Except the baked apple was delicious!If its a busy day..they dont have enough front desk staff to accomodate you quickly. No chairs in lobby while your waiting. sigh.Windows very old, they slide up, IF you can lift them...may take a few tries.Mattress comfortable.	
Jun 10 2007 	Nice stay at Palace Hotel	I stayed at Palace Hotel for 5 nights, and found it a very enjoyable experience. The staff is excellent, and Debbie Law is hands down a sensational concierge. This is a Luxury hotel with great service and amenities; the rooms are a bit retro, but still lovely. Would stay here again.	
Jun 5 2007 	elegant lobby with ordinary rooms	we stayed four nights in Palace Hotel for our wedding anniversary. the staff were very nice and helpful, however upon arriving they told us they will upgrade us to a deluxe room, but it had a view of a brick courtyard(very depressing). room was small and not elegant at all. shower head fell on my husband's head and the payperview movie that we bought did not work.The bed was very uncomfortable. mattress was not a luxury hotel mattress. no mattress pad and sheets were very rough. pillows were not comfortable either. we stayed in that room for 2 nights but requested to be moved to another one with a view. the second one was in seventh floor, much smaller than the first one and alot noisier with the same uncomfortable bed and linens.On the other hand, concierge was excellent, they gave us the best info regarding restaurants and all recommondations were very good. Location was unbeatable, very close to union square and lots of good shopping. Pool and jacuzzi were really good too.	
May 31 2007	Great location	We stayed here 6 nights during May 2007.Location! Location! Location! The hotel is just blocks from the convention center and Union Square. Every type of public transporation is right outside the door.We had an interior room on the 7th floor. We thought it would be quiet. Wrong! The walls here are paper thin. You won't get any sleep here if you have noisy neighbors.And, please, I thought in-room coffee makers were standard.	
May 19 2007 	Bad apple ruins the bunch	I've always enjoyed the Palace Hotel despite its totally worthless desk chairs, but I will not be staying there anymore.I spend ~100 nights a year in hotels, and no hotel employee has ever been as rude to me as Remy Lirios of the Palace's gift shop.I was feeling very ill and after several frustrating misdirected calls the wonderfully helpful concierge Blaine Patterson who connected me to her to get Gatorate and Pepto Bismol sent up to my room. I explained that I needed Gatorade and Pepto Bismol. She said &quot;We don't have Gatorade&quot; and hung up on me, as I was telling her to hold on.I called back and said that I was not done, and that I needed her to send up Pepto Bismol. She told me to call the front desk, and I said why doesn't she do it or transfer me, and she wouldn't call herself and claimed she couldn't transfer. When I said that I had tried 4 times to get this done, she mocked me and not having had this experience at a hotel before, I didn't know what to say and she hung up.I called the bellman and got everything sorted out (the service at this hotel is usually pretty good), but I don't pay $250 a night to get heckled and hung up on. I'll be staying at the W from now on (great Starwood property only 1.5 blocks away)	
May 15 2007 	Beautiful Elegant Hotel in the Heart of San Francisco	My husband and I booked the Palace Hotel for our 29th anniversary. When we checked in they upgraded us to a deluxe suite. We went to our room, but it the view was looking into a courtyard with just a brick building. I called and said I was hoping for a view of the street. They immediately had the bellboy meet us and move us to a grand room that was twice as large with 12 foot ceilings and 2 floor to ceiling windows. It had beautiful, large marble and tile bathroom with all the emenites. The closet had fluffy robes to use. The room was so quiet. The bed was fabulous with down pillows and comforter and feather bed. The lobby is beautiful and the garden court where the buffet is magnificent! Breakfast is not included, but they do serve coffe in the lobby and at the pool. The best part is the pool/spa that is covered by a atrium with a jacuzzi and sauna. It had a nice workout gym with glass floor to ceiling windows to look over the pool and atruim. It had beautiful bathrooms with showers and all the essentials to bathe after a swim or workout. You could order room service there or get a pedicure, manicure or massage in the tent by the pool. It was a fabulous experience. I would go back again and again for that!	
May 6 2007	Rooms needs more sparkle - rather pedestrian for a Luxury property	Stayed for a 2 night getaway - booked a deluxe room with SPG points. This is my third visit but the property has lost some of it's sparkle. Reception staff was sparse on check-in and not overly welcoming. Prior reviews are right on about rooms being bland - As this is now a luxury property. I thought maybe we would have a flower or plant within the room - like others Luxury collection hotels I have stayed in. Turndown service seems to be on request only. Walls are very thin - Since there is no in room coffee maker or mini bars within the room - cup of morning coffee for 2 will set you back $17.00.Having a fridge is nice but we didn't really want to shop for food. Room service menus is 24 hour but late night menu was not too appealing. If you stay - Suggest you check with reception and bell staff to see if there is any guest complimentary coffee available in lobby. Several chain coffee shops are around the neighborhood although hours are limited on the weekend. The pool is still nice - which is why we chose to return, and staff at the spa desk are very helpful.	
Apr 26 2007 	Not worth it for the money!	Stayed at the Palace for a conference. As a SPG Gold Star member I was expecting an upgraded room. They said they gave me an upgrade but it was no different than my non-SPG coworkers rooms. My view was of another wing of the hotel. The beds don't consitute the usual comfortable beds that you get with other SPG hotels such as Sheraton and Westin. Being that I got a &quot;special&quot; conference rate of $259/night, I expected much more than what the Palace provided. I would expect at least to have a stocked mini-bar, a coffee pot, better mattresses, a desk that allows for working on a laptop (the desk was too high), a larger bathroom, and better tv channel selections. Also, parking is $48/day!! Overall, I was disappointed in what I paid per night versus what the hotel provided.	
Apr 25 2007 	great location and service	We used Starwood points. It was great. The hotel is older, so the bathroom is a little small. Unless you need to be on Union Square, it is a great location. A good compromise, near Union Square, near financial, etc.Parking! Ouch $53 per day. The bellman suggested a near self park that was better priced, but no Sunday nor in and out. Worked for me.	
Apr 18 2007 	An Average Luxury Hotel	It would be a real stretch to call this a luxury hotel. The relatively spacious rooms (we had a deluxe) are dated, with small bathrooms, old mattresses, and old CRT televisions. Starwood is going to have sink some money into the rooms here to truly make this a luxury accomodation.In contrast to the rooms, the public spaces are grand. The Garden Court is one of the more beautiful spaces in the city, and the entire main floor has that sort of turn-of-the-century glamor. It's unfortunate that this sense of design doesn't carry upstairs.The pool looked nice, though we did not get a chance to use it. This is certainly a major positive of this property. The gym was serviceable--service in he gym was quite good. They brought us towels and bottled water before we began our work-out.The hotel is in a good location--it's a five minute walk to Union Square and SFMoma, and a 15 minute walk down Market to the Ferry Building. This hotel is definitely not a bad place to stay, but for the money, and because it is a member of the so-called Luxury Collection, the rooms should much, much nicer.	
Apr 16 2007	Enjoy my stay- It was wonderful	I just stayed at the Palace Hotel on April 14-15. I didn't know what to expect from some of the reviews, but I had a blast. The place is well-run. I had no complaints. All employees at the Palace were extremely pleasant. They were definitely on top of their game as far as service is concerned. The purpose of my stay was for a weekend convention. My husband booked the rooms with the convention rate, so I'm sure we did good. Our room was on the sixth floor. The location faced Montgomery Street, which gave me the view of more high rises. It was expected. I did not dine at the restaurants during my stay. I did use the exercise room and pool. Everything was clean and well-maintained. Staff at the fitness center was very helpful. There's only have one caveat about staying at ANY San Francisco hotel: It's NOT a cheap place to park. It was necessary for us to use valet parking at the Palace Hotel. Parking was 48.00 for the night. Then again, this is a high end hotel. If you stay at any high end hotel in San Francisco, expect to pay a hefty parking fee. I really didn't feel safe about finding cheaper parking farther away from the hotel. It wasn't worth it.Anyway, the Palace Hotel is a beautiful place, and I want to come back.	
Apr 7 2007 	A grand (and bland) old lady	We stayed at The Palace for four nights in April 2007. It is a good hotel. However beware that some of the rooms lack a view of anything other than the other wing of the hotel and are very small and dark. It took 3 attempts to find a room that had more light, space and a street view. When you get one of the right size they are well appointed if somewhat bland and featureless. The pool and spa area are good and we found the concierge service to be excellent.	
Mar 31 2007 	Beautiful ornate hotel	This is a gorgeous hotel! Great location. I upgraded to a deluxe room, which was a nice size. Beds are okay but not like the heavenly beds at the Westin. We had a window on the street and it was horrible because the bar across the street had loud music until 1 am!! So..we didn't get to sleep much. However, room service did bring us ear plugs :) The dining room is ornate and beautiful. We had breakfast there. Very pricey but a great experience. Good food and excellent service. Spa services were awesome (and I am very picky :) I loooovved the indoor heated pool and jacuzzi in the middle of San Fran. That was the reason I picked this hotel..	
Mar 17 2007 	Perfect Stay	Second time at hotel. Stayed for one night - received nice upgrade thanks to SPG Platinum. Outstanding, attentive staff, especially Malia at the concierge desk. Well maintained, wonderful atmosphere. Cannot recommend highly enough. Added plus - usually offers quite good rates, substantially lower than Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton, yet much better value.Note standard rooms (billed as superior) are somewhat small - fine for one person for one or two nights. If two people are in the room, or staying slightly longer, recommend paying the extra $20 are so for a deluxe room.	
Mar 5 2007 	Grand Dame of a hotel close to all	We spent one night at the palace hotel in San Francisco for an awards gala and dinner for our company. We typically stay at the Fairmont on Knob Hill, but this year our company moved the location. While this hotel was built in the late 1800's, it has all the modern ammentities needed today and does not feel like a musty old hotel. We used the Valet parking, but the lot, is so close I would say park yourself, we were also charged for a large car an additional $5.00 due to the size of the SUV, we personally love the character of this hotel, with the tall ceilings and decorative moldings, the tile bathrooms and hallways. We did not use the spa or fitness center, nor the restraunts' and bars, we had food at the event and it was just ok, but I imagine when serving over 500 people, the food isn't going to be spectacular. The proximity to Union Square, Bloomingdales, Nordstroms etc. is great, for a quick stroll away. Yes if you are not used to Market Street or big cities, you might be offended by the quantity of homeless individuals, just ignore them and keep walking. Starbucks is just a block away for those that can't go without a fix. We found a great rate of $199.00 on the Luxury hotels web site after searching on the Palace hotel site, we jumped over via the link. This rate was less than our company's corporate rate as well, another couple in our group spoke to someone at the hotel who also gave them the better rate which is always much appreciated. We had an interior room, not the best view (the ceiling of the atrium, garden room, but quiet none the less. We will stay here again.	
Feb 7 2007 	No good for working	Just checked in to find a chair and desk totally unsuitable for working, $48 per night parking, and $17 per day internet. These combine to make this hotel really unsuitable for a business trip. The low rate was basically a trick - while this location is good there are lots of nice boutique hotels nearby that would end up being cheaper and probably have usable desks, too. I'm sitting on a phone book in order to reach my laptop to type this. The TV is smaller than the one at the Hyatt Santa Clara where I stayed last night, and they're renovating that place. Luxury Collection? This place barely ranks as a Sheraton.	
Jan 3 2007	Avoid at all costs if you're looking for a luxury experience.	Service is severely lacking, and my experience generally is that the staff (excepting some bright stars at the Concierce desk) is disinterested in their guests' experience. I am an elite member of Starwood's guest program, and have stayed at a number of their properties. In my experience, this 'Luxury Collection' property ranks no better in attentiveness, quality of rooms, and quality of service than their Sheraton brand. The location is the thing here, folks. This is a tired old place, in desperate need of a renovation. The bathrooms are small, the furniture tired, the t.v. small and cathode ray, the bedspread frayed... I could go on. My first room was dirty and so had to wait until 5:00 p.m. for another room. Stay elsewhere. I personally will try one of the many smaller boutique properties in the downtown area on my next trip, or the Four Seasons....	
Jan 2 2007	A great getaway!	My sister and I did a 3 day weekend away in San Francisco in mid December 06. It was our first time stay at this hotel and we were so excited and happy about our experience it total.The check-in was great and no stress despite us coming in close to 2AM due to airline delays.The service was top notch without being overbearing and the concierge was incredibly helpful with maps, suggestions and arrangements to the airport. The hotel has a shuttle that leaves at half past the hour to SFO and OAK for about $25 (to OAK).The rooms were nice- yes, they are not &quot;fabulous&quot; or modern, but they were clean, tastefully decorated, quiet, and had wonderful beds. We hardly spent time in the room so for us, a good night's rest was most important and that's what we got. Despite various events occuring through out the hotel, we were not disturbed by the noise.The location was central -we walked to the Ferry Building and just about everywhere else and when we got tired, we took the cable care and trolley to our next destination. We even got some Christmas shopping in.The breakfast buffet, though a bit on the expensive end ($28/person) was worth it to just sit in the grand lobby, eat and talk. Taking time for breakfast is an indulgence for me and I truly enjoyed it here. The lobby was decorated for Christmas and the atmosphere was festive. We also ordered room service twice - once for dinner and once for breakfast and were not disappointed. They estimated wait times were accurate and the food was great.High speed internet is available for about $17/day - though I would have expected this level of hotel to offer free internet access, the hook up was simple and we got a lot of use out of it and so it was worth it to us.We booked our stay on the hotel website and got great AAA rates - even better or just a few dollars more than expedia or hotels.com without the need to prepay.Overall, we would highly recommend this hotel - we will be returning and perhaps making this a yearly tradition.	
Dec 25 2006 	outstanding staff and awesome hotel	I proposed to my now beautiful wife at this elegant hotel last year. The staff went out of its way to help me make that special night as romantic and intimate as possible. As soon as I told the receptionist of the special occassion and of my plans, she arranged to have our room upgraded to a beautiful suite with a view of the city. The concierge was more than helpful in helping me arrange and set up our room for rose petals (placed on the bed and floor), chocolate covered strawberries, and bottle of Martinelli's. As soon as my wife saw the set up, she couldn't stop crying and off course said yes. So much applause and my many thanks to the staff at the Palace.	
Dec 21 2006 	Just Average... should not be Luxury Class	Having been a Starwood Platinum member and stayed at multiple Luxury Class hotels all over the world the Palace Hotel should not be ranked as one of the Luxury Class in Starwood. The lobby was impressive but other than that nothing special. The location was great and easy to get to, the rooms were average in size. At times the hotel seems a bit dead nothing going on. We were there a 2 weeks before x-mas and the hotel didn't seem at all that festive. In all, just average and actually quite disappointing. I would probably stay some where else next time unless they have a great deal on rates.	
Dec 17 2006 	Great for business travellers	Located in San Francisco's business district, the Palace Hotel is excellent for almost everybody. We stayed there for a week last november and everything was perfect. The rooms are enough for two, very quiet and very clean. The hotel in itself is very beautiful, food during breakfast or dinner is excellent and not to be missed. The staff is very professional and discret.With walking distance from almost everything in San Francisco, you can be sure to have a great experience @ the Palace Hotel.	
Nov 28 2006 	Lots of charm	The Palace Hotel has a lot to offer, it is centrally located, the rooms are tastefully decorated and the service is very good. Isabel, the hotel concierge, is particularly efficient and the staff was very courteous.A wonderful stay at this hotel, would highly recommend the Palace.	
Nov 18 2006	Loved the Palace	Had a wonderful time at the Palace! Room was upgraded. The bed was comfortable. The room offered plenty of space. Nice decore. Lots of extras. Surprised with chocolate, fresh fruit, liquores and turn down service after we arrived back to the room that night. Hotel employee came by in the evening to bring anything else needed, bottled water too. Parking was only downside - try $45 per night. Location was near Market Street, within walking distance of lots of shopping and restaurants. Front desk and Conceirge were polite and helpful. Valet and Porters were there to assist also. You will enjoy your stay, as we are picky about noise and smells in and around rooms. Very, very nice. We will want to come back!	
Nov 14 2006	Beautiful	My husband, daughter and I stayed at the Palace for a week during October. We were very impressed with the hotel and especially the staff at the check-in desk. They were so helpful in every way and upgraded us to a Junior Suite due to our Gold Card status. The large room was perfect and the bathroom was huge with lots of vanity space for our stuff! The concierge at the hotel was also very helpful with restaurant reservations and directions to attractions. We would definitely stay here again and highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 9 2006 	Great deal for luxury!	Extremely elegant hotel and got a great price from starwood. Right in the middle of the city - walkable to Union Square, Moscone, and I even walked to the Giants games twice!	
Oct 30 2006 	Exceptional service at the Palace	I recently stayed at the Palace hotel for a week. I needed to be there for a 4 day conference and my wife and I decided to come out early for some hanging out in San Francisco without kids. She returned once the conference started. I can say that my experience as a business traveler was excellent. As tourists, my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. I have the good fortune to travel extensively and can say that the overall experience at the Palace was one of the best experiences I have had in a long time.First, the property is centrally located. We found it relatively easy to get around. Because it was blocks to Union Square, we found transportation easy to obtain and most things were close by. Second, we found the rooms to be spacious and well maintained. In fact it had one of the best showers I have ever experienced. The Pied Piper Bar was nice, but a bit overpriced (to be expected) and the famous Palm Court was as majestic and beautiful as I had read. The hotel is indeed historic which added something to the place. Interesting notes, President Warren Harding died at the hotel while President, other famous celebrities and world leaders have stayed at the Palace, and it played a role in The San Francisco earthquake in 1906 which all gave it some historical relevance. All that being said, it still felt like a modern hotel. There was just more to it than your usual Hilton, Hyatt, Marriott etc. It had a boutique hotel feel to it.More importantly, we found the service to be exceptional. Because I was both a business traveler and tourist I had a great opportunity to experience their service in different circumstances. I found the business service with packages to be prompt and well handled. As far as tourist goes, I found the concierge staff to be the best part of the entire experience. When we arrived I asked the bell man where we could obtain 2 Giants-Dodger tickets that afternoon (last game of the season). Within minutes, they had arranged 2 box seats reasonably priced for half the price I expected to pay. This experience was followed with 4 perfect recommendations for dinner and 2 recommended tours that were exceptional (one to Yosemite and the other of San Francisco). In each situation I felt the staff listened to what I was actually looking for and made a recommendation based upon what I wanted. I never felt that I was sent to a place they had a deal with or where they could just send tourists without giving it much thought. When I left they even arranged my car and driver to the airport which was almost the same cost as a taxi (it was their suggestion!! I didn't even ask and it was a nice Mercedes sedan). Of course I tipped appropriately for this good service. I usually scrutinize service at hotels to determine their value (although you should always be respectful of the people providing the service -- they are just doing their job). I was very impressed with everyone I encountered. I think this speaks highly of the management.I have stayed in other locations like the Fairmont and Mark Hopkins. After this trip I will stay or recommend the Palace when I am in San Francisco if the budget allows.	
Oct 10 2006 	Classic Beauty	I spent three lovely days at this historic hotel. The main public rooms were well decorated and the linens were top drawer. My large double room was comfortable, quiet, elegant and clean. The bathroom was spacious filled with high end personal sized toiletries.Maid service was efficient and timely.If you want the latest in electronic gizmos, then this is not the place. TV had just basic cable programs for free. I did not bring a laptop, so I cannot comment on internet connections.The concierges were all quite knowledgeable in local events, restaurants, shopping and touring.The location was perfect for shopping, Moscone Convention center, SFMOMA, and general touring. If you are taking limited baggage, the Montgomery Station of the BART is just outside of the hotel, making the trip from the airport in about 30 minutes, which interms of time and money , beats a taxi during rush hour.The only negative is that downtown is jammed with unfortunate beggars who are often aggressive, filthy, rude, intoxicated and persistent. You can hardly walk 1/2 block without getting accosted, and I am not talking about the Tenderloin area ,which should be off limits to anyone. Truly, this is a social problem of major proportions. Unfortunately many of the top hotels are here including the Four Seasons, W, Mariott, Hilton, Saint Francis, Clift, and many others. There is also a Ritz-Carlton going up across the street. I don't know how the city will deal with its homeless and social misfits. At night one can see gang members walking several abreast in the SOMA area. No, the police were not evident save for the foot of Powell Street and parts of the Union Square area.	
Oct 9 2006 	Good spot in business district	We recently attended an event headquartered at this hotel. It is a very attractive older property in a great location. We were able to walk to supurb shopping and musuems, and the cable car to the ferry area was just outside the door! Our room was spacious, clean and well appointed for both business traveler and tourist. Our dinner event was beautifully done, food was buffet style, beautifully arranged, varied and full of local treats. Food served with meetings was excellent. We did not bring bathing suits and could not take advantage of the lovely pool in a rooftop gazebo, which was a shame since the exercise room is small and crowded. Concierge service was top notch.	
Oct 7 2006 	Simply Fabulous!	What a fabulous hotel! Great food, great breakfast room, great dinner. Excellent location. Staff attentive and helpful. Would stay again in a heartbeat. One negative, bathroom is small, very small sink area. Oh, and the cheese cube on the floor when we first came to the room..... Housekeeping either missed it, or they feed the mice. We saw no mice so I assume it was housekeepings error.	
Sep 8 2006 	That's all we get for 'Luxury Collection?'	We go to San Francisco several weekends per year, so we've seen plenty of hotel rooms there. For my husband's birthday, I wanted to kick it up a notch and splurge on one of the &quot;Top Ten&quot; hotels in the City. I even booked directly through the Starwood website so they would know we are frequent Starwood users and hopefully -- as good luxury hotels often do -- appreciate us and/or welcome us with personal touches or an upgrade. Worst of all, I went over the $200 per night range, thinking that such a splurge would solidify an even greater room for our special weekend.Nope. For Starwood's &quot;Luxury Collection,&quot; I was expecting something along the lines of Fairmont or Ritz-Carlton, but the &quot;Deluxe Room&quot; I reserved was a pretty standard Hyatt or Sheraton-type room. No special details beyond some marble in the bathroom. Only one bathrobe... plastic shower curtain... plastic garbage can... old smelly mini-fridge, old TV, basic alarm clock. THIN walls and NO view. I called down to the front desk to see if I could spend some Starwood points to upgrade to a better room, but the operator unapologetically said nothing was available. I was so disappointed and wondered if all the talk of this hotel was only about the common areas. (The lobby and Garden Court cafe were lovely.) I had told my husband he would be staying at one of the grand dames of San Francisco hotels for his birthday... Instead, we got a grand disappointment.	
Sep 4 2006 	Wonderful Family Getaway	What a great choice. We knew nothing of Hotels in San Francisco so we were thrilled we made the right choice. Tip - upgrade to a Deluxe room. This is actually larger than a superior room. Since we did bring our young daughter we spent much more time in the room/hotel than normal. TV was good...the Disney channel is always popular as well as the indoor pool. It was a hit with our 7 year old. Room Service was slooooow so call early. The Staff was very nice and very accomodating. They made extra efforts to compensate for a couple of tiny issues at check in. Everyone made us feel welcome, especially Melia at the concierge desk. The Palm restuarant was also good but expensive for everyday. We ate most Breakfasts at the bakery down the street . Trolly stops were close by. Cable cars were way to busy so we never rode on them. The Palace was a wonderful adventure. Definitely one of our favorites!	
Aug 28 2006 	Wonderful hotel fun stay!	My husband, young daughter and I stayed for four nights over the July 4 holiday and I cannot say enough about the hotel. It was a beautiful place. We had a lovely, quiet room, spacious quarters, a terrific bathroom and lots of room. Our daughter loved the pool and I thought the location was great. The only disappointment for us was the annual closing of the Courtyard Restaurant fell during our stay so we didn't get a chance to have tea there (which we had hoped to do).The very best part was I had booked this hotel three weeks before we left for our vacation. I had been on every website possible looking for a nice place that was safe and comfortable and affordable, logging about 4 hours a day. I found this hotel on several websites but couldn't afford the price. On a whim I went to the hotel's own website and was able to get an unbelieveable price of $149 a night for a two queen-size bed superior room. Completely worth it and then some! I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 25 2006 	Shocking Customer Service	I was attending a conference at the hotel and had confirmed my room two weeks and two days before arriving. i arrived early in the am, but only checked my bags. later in the day, went to check in and they said they didnt have my room and they didnt have any other rooms. while i was standing there, somewhat shocked since it was late, another man walks up and they say &quot;we have a room for u&quot; . of course, im shocked so i ask what is possibly going on &quot;because he was in a group, they found him a room&quot; that is TOTALLY LAME. i was with a group but had not booked thru the group, but more importantly who cares - i had paid, confirmed and should have gotten the room. they then gave me a letter and had me walk to a great hotel - the st regis down the street which was fantastic. of course the next day, the palace wanted me to pack upo my things, lug them back over, etc all while i was working - my answer was no way, and after way too much hassle they relented and said they would cover me staying at the st regis. of course when i checked out a day later, they had not done that. i paid the bill and havent bothered to call and pester them because instead of having the attitude of doing whats right without a hassle these guys dont get it. now they have created the opposite of an advocate - ive already told 5 or 6 people and now this post.matt coffinmcoffiny@yahoo.com	
Aug 16 2006 	Great Hotel	My boyfriend and I finally decided on the Palace Hotel, between the Warwick Regis and Hotel Adagio. I had never been to any of them - my boyfriend had previously been in a standard room at the Palace, and I thought it looked like the best bet.This hotel itself is so glamorous and classy, huge looby and entrances, hallways, and our room (suite) was perfectly sized. I feel claustrophobic in small rooms, so if you can find a good rate (Travelzoo) on a suite, take it.The room itself was very clean and tidy, with lots of room for our things. I was disappointed in the quality of the refrigerator supplied in the room, and the tv from 1979 with about 5 channels - not that you have much time for it anyway...but in my opinion, a 5 star hotel should at least have updated appliances.The hotel is great, we did not bring a car, so we did LOTS of walking - but that was one of the best parts.PS - We stopped by the the Warwick Regis, to see if we picked the right hotel...it was horrific. If you are like me and want a more upscale, larger room/hotel, do not stay here - I got a panic attack just standing in the room when we were given a view of a sample roon. Hopefully this is helpful, since I didn't know anything about hotels in SF.	
Aug 15 2006	Lame hotel experience -- and overpriced!	I travel frequently to San Francisco on business and have sampled almost every luxury hotel in the city. Despite it's supposedly famous reputation, this one has consistently been very disappointing every time I have given it a try in the last five years.It's location is awkward -- no views, limited restaurants nearby, and popular with drunks and homeless at night. Furniture is frumpy, similar to the style you see in mom-and-pop bed-and-breakfasts. The hotel does not seem to have made the investment in super-beds that almost every other chain has. Alarm clock radio is a cheap model without MP3 connections. Television is small and old-style CRT, not flat-screen. Most galling is that the desk chairs are extremely low and cannot be adjusted. Seated in the chair, one meets the desk at shoulder height! You will need serious chiropractics to restore spine damage after working any amount of time at the workstation. Pretty unbelievable for a hotel that aspires to such prestige. Internet service is a whopping $16.00 per day and no different from what's offered typically for $9.95 or free at almost every other hotel. Rooms are very quiet because of thick, old walls, However, this is not the case if you have one of the many &quot;connector&quot; rooms. Tall ceilings give a grand and classy feel. Carpets are faded, making stains readily apparent. Bring slippers if you are finicky! About half of the rooms also have very ugly internal courtyard views of each other. Bathroom is nicely finished with generous marble. It is well-lit and has a nice vanity mirror. However, tubs still have old-style shower curtains that leave you little room to avoid touching the filthy things.Public areas are quite plush with old-style charm and grandeur. Health club has very dated equipment -- and there is an additional charge! Members of Starwood's elite programs, used to the standard club lounge offering complimentary hors d'oeuvres and breakfast, will be deeply disappointed to find out that this hotel has none.Check out time for this hotel -- highlighted in a special card within the check-in package -- is 11 am unlike most other San Francisco hotels which have noon or 1pm.Overall something is just not quite right with this hotel. I always feel a bit let down for the price and reputation. I think this is because there is just excessive nickel-and-diming at the hotel; outrageous charges for things that are free and standard courtesy at almost every other hotels, including the Starwood chain. In the end, the overall experience feels closer to what one would expect of Four Points rather than the supposedly crown-jewel Luxury Collection. Incidentally, This hotel was once a Four Seasons or Ritz-Carlton, but stripped of that affiliation when it failed to meet standards. I'm not sure this underperforming hotel even meets Luxury Collection standards.	
Jul 30 2006	Beautiful and Central	PROSloads of classgreat servicecentrally locatedclean and well decoratedvery comfy bedshigh ceilings in roomsCONS$50 per night parking (maybe the same at other hotels)pool is not as nice as the photosSUMMARYi loved this hotel. it's the kind of hotel you could live in for a few months. Be sure to ask about the parking fee at any hotel you stay at in SF. they can range from free to $60 a night in the city. the palace is great for the business traveller and for families, although you are in the business district, it is very central to everything. the best shopping is close by, but you will need to take a cab or trolley to everything else.	
Jul 29 2006	Great Hotel in Great City	We stayed for 3 nights, midweek in late July 06. We arrived for early check in and our room wasn't available so we went to the Pied Piper Lounge for lunch. The history of the hotel is amazing and the painting in the Pied Piper Lounge is gorgeous. The entire hotel has been refurbished, but still maintains the classy elegance of its period. The crabcake was super good as was our salads. Our room was well above average in size and accomodations. We were in a junior suite. The closet was a large walk in with a safe and dresser incl. There was a nice sitting area as well. The bathroom was small but had plenty of counterspace which I find extremely important. We were on the 7th floor. There wasn't any great view. We looked at the offices across the street. We did find it extremely quiet well into mid morning which was quite refreshing. We took the advice of the concierge and ate at some pretty decent restaurants. I wouldn' t call any spectactular except for the Dim Sum restaurant (Yang Sing??) less than 1 block away...we ate there twice...it was that good!! Otherwise, the Italian restaurants on the concierge list may need to be reconsidered for recommendation. Shopping near Union Square is very accessible on foot. It was less than a 10 min. walk and we were in the thick of all of the great shops. From there we took the cable car down to the Wharf and Ghiradelli sq. etc. You can also walk to Chinatown if you are up to it. We found that we would walk around, have dinner then cab it back to the hotel. The city is really easy to navigate. The trip to Alcatraz was a big hit with the kids and I strongly suggest that you book early (before you arrive to SF) as they were sold out a week or two in advance for us. We had to buy the 2 island pass and skip Angel Island in order to visit Alcatraz (which was 2 x the reg. price). So reserve early so you aren't disappointed. The headset tour was a must as well. We really enjoyed the Palace Hotel. We enjoyed it's classy charm and nature and felt well treated by all staff. We would definitely stay there again and would recommend to friends too.	
Jul 29 2006 	Lovely old hotel try to get the special rates!	We stayed here on two separate nights, flying in and out of the city while travelling elsewhere in between. We called and booked with a deal we found on Travelzoo and got a really good rate on the room (I think it came to about $175 a night) with a potential upgrade. The first night we arrived pretty late so I think we didn't get the upgrade, we were on the 3rd floor in a smaller room. We were treated very well even though we paid a reduced rate, no one was snotty at all. The bed was huge and comfy and linens were first rate, no view but we didn't expect one. The hotel was rather warm as this was during a heat wave, and the fishy smells of the restaurant below permeated the hallways, but the room was fine and the AC adequate. I'm sure none of that stuff is an issue most of the time, as this was a crazy hot time in CA. Bathroom nice though standard size, shower has a double bar that means the inner shower curtain sticks to you while you shower, yuck, and no ventilation. But all in all, a good size for a big city, old hotel.The second night we were there earlier and I believe upgraded, the room was on the 6th floor and much larger. High ceilings make it seem enormous, same excellent linens, bathroom the same but better ventilated. Again the staff was very pleasant and everything you would want from a posh hotel.If I was going to pay the regular rate for these rooms, I would probably try other luxury hotels in the city, as I would like to see if I could be more pampered for $500 a night, but at the rate we paid we were very happy.Had breakfast buffet in the Garden Room, which is stunning to look at but a little busy if you're recovering from the festivities of the night before. The food was blah and so was the service, probably best to take photos and eat elsewhere, unless you just want the experience of looking at the gold leaf while you eat your cereal.	
Jul 21 2006 	Wonderful....	This is a beautiful and historic hotel. We were warmly greeted and checked in at noon. The room was very comfy and luxurious. After a delicious lunch in the Pied Piper Bar, the concierge gave us a map and hints for a walk in chinatown. Fun shopping and some good deals. We had a mid afternoon break at Jaegers New Orleans jazz bar at Grant and Columbus - snappy live jazz at 4 pm!After walking around Fisherman's Wharf, we took the F line cable car which stopped right near the hotel on Market. A great find when your feet are tired! Dinner and soaking in the spa - terrific coverd pool is very unique. Also, coffee is set up at the pool/spa in the morning so makes it a nice place to visit with the newspaper.The main dining room is absolutely beautiful- and the scallops entree and the crab salad were big hits for us. The Pied Piper bar has brunch on the weekends and friendly staff.As has been mentioned, valet parking is expensive. Since the Montgomery BART station is next to the hotel, I would definitely go with BART on my next visit.You might want to pick up world renowned Beard Papa cream puffs on the next block....	
Jun 19 2006	small rooms no view but historical	I made the mistake of booking the standard(superior) room. They are very small. We needed a crib in the room and we had to crawl over the bed to get around it. It would be fine for a single traveler or a couple who travels light. Felt very cramped and we had an interior&quot;view&quot; room, which means you stare at an empty square and other rooms opposite you. Location is good, staff was welcoming and history of the property is very interesting. There are, by far, much better luxury properties in SFO. If you get a good deal, make sure you get a deluxe room or better. Park at a nearby garage as valet is 48.00 per night, the garge next to the hotel is only 20.00.	
Jun 4 2006	A royal experience	This is a beautiful hotel, befitting its name. We parked at the Walnut Creek Bart station on a Friday ($1 for the weekend, and $8.50 round trip) and took Bart into SF; the Palace was less than a block from the Montgomery station. The history of the Palace is explained in little exhibits throughout the lobby. We found the room where President Warren G. Harding died when we went to get ice. We didn't eat at the Garden Court, but it was very lovely to see so many people enjoying brunch there Saturday, such a light and airy place. We had a great crab cake at the Pied Piper Bar with our wine Friday evening before setting out for our evening's entertainment. Although we were staying for a $139 rate, offered by the hotel on the Internet, the check-in and service were superb, as was our room - very quiet and comfortable. We have used promotional rates at other supposedly fine hotels in SF and have been stuck by the elevators or ice machines, but not here.	
Jun 3 2006	Disappointed	$239 as the &quot;special rate&quot; for a wedding held at the hotel.Located right off the Montgomery station BART and F Streetcar stop, a few blocks from Union Square.The lobby was non-descript, small, off to the side with no chairs. The original lobby has been turned in to the Garden Court restaurant.The room was small, by modern standards. Would have felt claustrophobic if it weren't for the high ceilings giving the illusion that the room is bigger. A luggage rack was available to place one suitcase, but then there wasn't enough space in the room for a second without having to use the 1 seat and ottoman. The closet was even smaller. While there were adequate and apppropriate hangars (wooden with bar, wooden with clips, padded), the closet space was really enough for just one person. And no, the second luggage would not have fit.The bathroom was equally small. Two people could not get ready in the bathroom at the same time. Additionally no fan was available, so we had to air out the bathroom between showers.Because my travel companion was in the wedding party, he had to rent a car. Parking is only available as valet for $48 a day! Locally there were a few garages but none remained open through the weekend so you could not retrieve your car.Prices within the hotel were outrageous. Chips and salsa with the room service fee and automatic gratuity came out to $15. (we declined to order). High speed internet service was $15.99 a day. Then printing 2 pages was over $5.The staff and service were courteous and competent, but nothing spectacular.While we appreciate the cost of luxury, we also expect value and did not feel we received that. Given the other hotel choices right in the area of Union Square, it's unlikely we would choose to return to the Palace.	
May 29 2006	Great room and location	My family stayed here for 3 nights in May 06 and had a great time. We received a deluxe room which was the most spacious of the many hotels we have stayed in whilst visiting California. The room had great beds and a modern bathroom. The hotels crowning glory is the main dinning area, with it's atrium like glass roof. We had some minor service issues that were solved effectively by the managers and overall the staff were great.In short great room, great location, particularly if you intend on doing some shopping.	
May 25 2006	Great hotel and location	Despite some negative reviews about this hotel, my friend and I found it a delight. The hotel lobby area is beautiful and grand. The pool area was nice and relaxing. The rooms were fine. Ours was of ample size, the bathroom was roomy with marble sink, the shower yummy, and the room overall was clean and very comfortable. The staff was fine - polite and helpful. The hotel is in a great location in downtown San Francisco making it easy to get some of the main attractions. The ONLY drawback of this hotel is the noise level....we could hear our neighbors through the wall next door but fortunately they weren't very noisy. Overall great hotel and worth staying at.	
May 25 2006	Plush with airs	You can not fault the Palace. Service is great. The staff tends to be a bit &quot;hootie&quot; if you get my drift but always willing to help you. The rooms are nothing to say much about. No honor bar but they did have a safe.But you must understand on the first full day, we returned to the lobby. Nice one by the way, looking like some thing the cat's dragged up and you just hope the cat's dragged back out. We made the horrid mistake of taking A WHALE WATCHING tour with a local tour company that is apparently is the middle man between you and a local fishing boat captains.The tour was the most miserable day of my life. They told us to dress warmly which i did. North Face jacket, two scarfs, gloves, they did not tell us to dress dryly. Perhaps to any one else this may seem common sense. I am from the Mountains. I am use to cold but no one hose's you down before you go out. The boat Captains only interest seem to be getting us out and back in the set time. Seven long hours. The boat smelled of more than fish. The cups holders for the beverages were still on the handrails forcing you to let go ever few feet. . There was little room in the part of the boat that was warm. It would hold maybe ten people packed in there. ON the way back some one turn off the heat into the room. The tour route wsa changed. I found my self the victim of the old &quot;Switch and Bait&quot; On the web site, they promoted the Farallon Islands, while we were taken quickly up the sade of the bay to some point then back again. The &quot;Naturalist&quot; spotted a whale. None of the passengers I spoke with spotted one. The Captain never let up on the trottle, the &quot;Naturalist&quot; then said that the boat motors would have scared the whale off by now, that is why we were not stopping. Oddly enough there were fishing boats all over the bay. By that theory they knew no whales would be in that part of the water. Now I say bay but I think it was up the coast line parrallell to US 1. The boat/ship (vessel from hades) stopped one time to view harbor seals. You could see them if you had field glasses. Then off again with the &quot;Naturalist&quot; telling us about the Grey Whale we had seen.Could this get cheesier but of course. The crew and &quot;Naturalist&quot; stayed in the wheel well on the way up the coast as the boat rammed the waves. All warm and cozy. While the paying passengers were wet rats. The seating was limited. No rain ponchos were offerred for sell or other wise. No blanket was offered to me. Then they had the nerve, the Captain to solict tips. Save your money. Tickets are not cheap but the tour is. We were not given the option of opting out of the Tour when we found out we WERE NOT GOING TO THE FARALLON ISLANDS. Now take in mind we did called the provided number the night before to check on conditions and if the boat would go out. Told all was great. O the &quot;Naturalist&quot; told us the species we could cross off the species list, one being the GREAT INVISIBLE GREY WHALE. Now what does this have to do with the Palace. We returned making puddles any where we stepped. In the elevator, my partner goes &quot;I have never seen you look worse&quot;. Some thing to do with my hair. The service from the staff never changed. The room service is prompt. The table is done very well with a vase and rose. A nice touch. The lobby was great. It is a beautiful hotel where all their guests are treated well. Now we did not pay the 300 or so they ask. Got it from Travelzoo for $139.00 a night. Fri/Sat only. We enjoyed the Palace. They have a safe in room. There was a free paper. Wall Street I think. It was what you would expect if not more.	
May 18 2006	Beautiful Hotel Great Service	My room was large and luxurious, with high ceilings and thick walls and doors. The furnishings were traditional and very tasteful. The hotel restaurants were superb, the service outstanding, and my breakfast, lunch and Sunday brunch in the famous Garden Court with the glass roof and crystal chandeliers were spectacular. The staff was efficient, and the hotel offered 24 hour room service, a concierge, and even an indoor swimming pool. The location was perfect -- a short walk to Union Square and the cable cars, the financial district, North Beach and Telegraph Hill and immediate access to BART, the underground Muni line, and all major bus lines. The room was reasonably quiet -- I would happily stay at the Palace again. Note: Security at the palace is very good, but this is a large hotel downtown in a large city, so guests should be cautious late at night both in the hotel and in the adjacent city streets.	
May 9 2006 	No Complaints	We stayed at the Palace Hotel during a conference that my husband attended and didn't know what to expect. Ultimately, we had no complaints! At check-in, our request for a room facing the street was honored. I prefer fresh air and a decent view to quiet. If you have difficulty sleeping or dislike street noise, this may not be advised, though it was great for us.Everything was clean and attractive. The bed linens were far softer and prettier than those found in most large hotels. The bathroom was pleasant and our accommodations were sufficiently spacious (but not huge).The pool and sauna were very enjoyable amenities with a friendly staff. Towels, water dispenser, apples, oranges, and coffee are offered here -- a nice touch!We wouldn't normally eat in a &quot;hotel restaurant,&quot; especially in a city with so many excellent options. But one night we were tired, hungry, and it was rainy so we tried the attached Japanese restaurant. Delicious sushi and unique, yummy shrimp appetizers!The location is convenient (near MUNI/BART and within walking distance to much). I would describe the Palace Hotel as classic and of good quality. Our personal taste leans toward smaller establishments with more individualized personality and we might, for this reason, choose to stay elsewhere in the future. It would probably depend on price, as we were happy here.	
May 8 2006	Everything was perfect	Perfect stay. Every staff member I had contact with was welcoming, friendly and efficient. We ordered room service and the Deluxe Continental breakfast was delicious. The fruit they selected was perfectly ripe and beautifully presented, the coffee was great as were the pastries. The room was well-decorated and comfortable. I especially liked the porcelain tub in the bathroom and the high quality bath products.The Palace Hotel offers everything you would need and expect in a downtown location with the added attraction of being a historical landmark. The Garden Court was closed, unfortunately, but it is a beautiful public space and I hope to return to try the brunch buffet.Thank you Palace Hotel staff!	
May 4 2006 	Caruso still carousing in the corridors	Stayed at the Palace for a convention in April 2006. It is just a few blocks from the Moscone Center, and pleasantly situated for a stroll to the shops around Union Square, or to take the Powell line Cable Car halfway to the stars up Nob Hill. (Don't miss the stained glass in Grace Cathedral up on California St in Nob Hill, by the way!) The Palace room was comfortable and clean, and the staff were helpful. Being a conventioneer, I always dined elsewhere, so cannot comment on the food. At night however there were some singing patrons who strolled the corridors at 1-2am going back to their rooms (I guess) - perhaps I even heard strains of the great Enrico Caruso (who was staying at the Palace when the 1906 Earthquake struck). Neverthless, I could have done with the sleep! This time, I didn't try the hotel pool - but was impressed with it last time I stayed here a few years back.	
Apr 27 2006	The lore of history	This famous hotel, which succumbed to the firestorms of the 1906 earthquake, is opulent and ideally situated. We chose this hotel mainly for its history and to catch a glimpse into the gilded age. We reserved a room for fours days after bumping into a drastically reduced hotel rate for booking online and selecting only bed size as a preference. Upon checking in, we learned that only smoking rooms were available, but the room could be refreshed if needed. We had a standard room on the seventh floor and were able to air it out by opening a window. The high ceilings throughout the Palace add to the overall atmosphere of being in an historic building. As noted by previous posters, our room was well furnished and the public areas are truly magnificent. For us history buffs, I wish the hotel aired a documentary on its illustrious past. We eat two meals at the Palace. We had breakfast in the rococo Garden Court restaurant. Although expensive, our bill came to $60, the buffet was plentifully and good. The restaurant certainly pushes its breakfast buffet as our waiter only mentioned it. Later, we heard someone asking for the menu. We had dinner at Maxfield's Piped Piper. The food was delicious and the atmosphere prefect.Our only problem occurred at 2 am when two people went down the hall yelling nonsense sounds. They were deliberately trying to wake people up and they succeeded. This stunt surprised us. It was more fitting for a college dorm then an upscale hotel. The Palace is pricey, and there are other comparable accommodations at cheaper rates. However, splurge on staying at the Palace for its beauty, history, and overall high quality, especially if you find a discounted rate.	
Apr 25 2006	Enjoyed our stay	We (my wife, myself and our daughter) stayed at the Palace for 5 nights in April. We stayed in a 2 room suite (a little pricey I thought, about $850 a night with tax) but we had a wonderful time. The room's decorations were just OK, but the service we recived was amazing. Everyone we dealt with was very nice and helpful. Also very quick room service and quick bell boys when you called for them. I felt that charging $45 a night for parking was unreasonable, but there was no alternative so we paid it.The hotel is very romantic and the high ceilings in the rooms are nice. We had a corner suite with a wonderful view all the way down Market Street. Noisy but funThe rooms are not flashy but well taken care of and we enjoyed all the ameneties that came with the suite.We enjoyed the pool and spa, it was very clean and not crowded.Would definately go back again.Be prepared to spend money at the hotel as the meals are very expensive, but delicious.	
Apr 13 2006	Not terribly impressed	Beautiful hotel, great location! Concierge gave great dining recommendations and maps for the surrounding area. We had a nice big room but it did have a busted side table and housekeeping would forget to leave us bottled water. We also noticed that on the 2nd day the mini bar fridge quit working &amp; they kept checking it to see if we used it but never noticed that it wasn't cold. We had a problem with a bartender at the bar making sarcastic remarks to us. We did mention it to the front desk and they immediately credited us the 2 drinks that we left. Tried the bar again the next night and things were going well until they allowed a family with 2 younger kids to come in and sit at a table next to us. The kids were loud and obviously didn't want to be there but the parents wanted drinks. Kind of weird to bring your kids to a bar, it was after 9pm. Our room was on the 7th floor and we could still hear all the street noise. The walls are so thin, I could hear every word of the woman's phone conversation in the next room. The maids made so much noise in the halls banging their carts around and then yelling back and forth at each other from different rooms. I never got to sleep past 8:30am each morning. One morning I actually stormed out in the hall in my pj's and asked them to stop yelling. They didn't seem to really care. I won't stay here again &amp; I'm getting frustrated with the Starwood program. This seems to be a reoccurring theme with them constantly falling short.	
Jan 30 2006	Royal Reception	The Palace did not disappoint. From the welcome at the front desk to the door man at check out it was fantastic. Our room was spacious and well appointed.Dare I say fit for a Queen. Other reviewers have complained about noise. Our room was overlooking Market St. Very little street noise and we never heard anyone in the hall or adjoining rooms. The Pied Piper Bar with its famous martinis was a good time. The Garden Court is one of the most beautiful and elegant dining rooms in San Francisco. As with most luxury hotels prices are high but the service and delicious food make it worth the money. Only one demerit-- the pool and jacuzzi spa needed a good cleaning. This classic hotel is one not to miss.	
Jan 22 2006	Northern California in December	CaliforniaSan Franisco: The Palace HotelNapa - Bed &amp; BreakfastDate: Decmeber 2004Reviewer: A TripAdvisor Member, New York City, NYIn December 2004, my financee and I decided to spend Christmas in December - we figured let's head towards some warmer weather and some great wine. We spent several days in San Francisco viewing the site and then headed up to Napa. While in San Francisco, we stayed at the Palace Hotel. It was an absolutely wonderful property. It was decorated so beautifully for the holiday season. The room had the most comfortable heavinly bed! The hotel was conveniently located to most sites within the city. We were able to most of our inner-city travel via foot which was so nice given the weather. Overall I would say this was a wonderful trip and I would highly recommend this property to anyone looking to visit San Francisco.	
Jan 11 2006	would love to revisit the Palace	Stayed at the Palace as first base on california tour trip with husband and 3 kids- 15, 12 +8yrs. Elegant gorgeous hotel. Great interconnecting rooms, beds sooo comfortable (best of whole trip), clean, well furnished good bathrooms etc Location was perfect- so glad we didn't stay at Fisherman's Wharf, this area much classier. Staff were really helpful but not intrusive. Restaurant excellent for breakfast and dinner- waitress really sweet especially to jet-laged kids (even when 8yr old fell asleep at the table!) Only negative point was the pool- surrounding tiles dangerously slippy. I fell badly getting out of pool and walking to a lounger - lucky to escape with horrible bruises. I thought it was me being clumsy but saw two other people slipping while I sat at the side- Very dangerous. Overall I would love to go back to the Palace and would reccommend it to anyone- even my vfussy mum!	
Jan 10 2006	A Palace Indeed!	My mother, my daughter, and I went to visit the Bay Area for winter break. We decided to book a room at the Palace Hotel for one night, and I'm so glad we went ahead with that decision!The hotel itself is located right next to the Montgomery BART station, and all the MUNI buses stop by there as well. The hotel is lavishly decorated inside, and it is home to some gourmet restaurants and bars.There is a fitness center,indoor pool, sauna, and jacuzzi all located inside the hotel. The rooms are a good size and have very comfortable beds. The bathroom was beautiul, and the showers had good water pressure. The hotel is a bit pricy, but we got lucky because we found a special deal on the internet for only $149.00 a night. If I could find a bargain like this again, I'd definitely stay here again.	
Jan 4 2006	Palace by the Bay	Would I be returning to this hotel in Jan. if it were terrible? No, this hotel is one of the most charming hotels I have ever stayed in. My husband and myself booked this also as another prior guest said off the SPG web site. Now as far as getting to the hotel. We simply took the Bart from SFO airport for around $5 per person. It took around 30 minutes and was easy to connect with. The bart stops just outside the hotel and how easy is that&gt;We enjoyed the very very pricey holiday brunch but it was Christmas and the price hurt less knowing we were doing something special for each other. Our room overlooked the blvd. and it was very nice. Very tiny bathroom but we did not plan on living in the bathroom the entire time. Great space in the Deluxe rooms. We asked nicely for an upgrade at check in and they were able to accomodate us.One thing we should have done, we should have asked the closest way to Powell street. In fact we walked down Market for 6 blocks only to see we could have turned down a side street and been at Union Sq in a short hop vs the 6 plus blocks we walked. Use the map the hotel gives you We will in Jan. Palace hotel is conventient, clean, great staff, great food, weak bar for chocolate martinies though. Don't order one of those. but beautiful to look at. I will never go to the city by the bay and not stay at the Palace ever again. Why would anyone want to miss the chance of staying in a palace.	
Jan 2 2006	Elegant beautiful BUT.....	What a beautiful hotel! The only problem was the paper thin walls...and no coffee in the rooms...you have to call up for room service. Other than that...it's a beautiful place and the employees are very attentive.	
Dec 4 2005	Beautiful hotel located in a perfect area	Had the pleasure of booking this hotel directly through the Starwood web page, which linked me to this hotel. I was quoted 199.00 per night, and thought that this was a very reasonable deal. After reading some comments, I took some with a grain of salt. I have stayed at the Palace in Madrid Spain, and thought if this was anywhere near that ,I would be happy. Location is about 40 minutes to SFO. I hired a cab take myself and my date, the cost one way is 45.00. Upon leaving the hotel after our 2 night stay, I was offered by the doorman a black Town car to return to SFO for about $50, plus I tipped 10. They staff was very friendly and served you with smiles. The concierge was a life saver. They ordered a strech limo for me and my guest to go out for dinner and club hopping. Cost was billed to the room for $210 including tip. The moment you walk in , it will take you a while to absorb the architecture of this building. It was very ornate, simular what you might find in Venice or Rome. All avenues were spotless. Rooms were small, but had marble, shower,tubs, all necessities one would need, including free bottleds water. The only down side is that there is a refrid. in the room, but no mini bar.Wonderfully done bed, and very comfortable. I had scheduled a romantic lunch at The Gardens. Very opulant and grand. Lunch was around $100. They even sprinkleed our table with rose pedals,something I had not asked for, but made me look like a hero...Thanks!!!!! Went to the sushi rest. adjoining the hotel. Had wonder dinner, sushi etc for about $150. Mornings, I went to a Starbucks no more than 150 feet from hotel. I would absolutly stay here again. There was some signs of age, but I would rate this hotel a 4 out of 5. The Wharf is a 11 dollar taxi ride. Enjoy...I did.	
Nov 9 2005	Very Posh	This is a beautiful hotel, renovated, located in the financial district, close to china town just south of market street. I stayed here for a business meeting, but it's so expensive, I'd probably never shell out the bucks to stay otherwise. Nice feather pillows and comforters, quiet, and as you'd expect great food and concierge services. The television stations were limited but who goes to watch TV??	
Oct 30 2005 	Average at best	Just returned from our stay at The Palace and have to say it was disappointing. The rooms are very small. Two people cannot cross the room at the same time. We had a view of an office building. Parking was $40/day, the mini bar was empty and internet access was $15.99. For the price per night, I would have expected a bit more.	
Oct 27 2005	Hotel with character/Snooty front desk staff	The hotel is charming, my husband and I had a room with lovely furniture, updated bathroom with a few cracks in the floor and some knobs missing on the window shutters. It was very clean; the housekeepers were very efficient and quiet in the halls. The bed was very comfortable and cozy - nice linens. Very convenient location for walking everywhere and catching the charming trolleys. The Bart underground train is just at the hotel doorstep so we could hear it all night - if you are a light sleeper this may bother you so try to get a room that doesn't overlook the street.The two front desk gentlemen who checked us in were very snooty - we had just come in from a long flight from Seattle and we were wearing jeans and only had back packs for luggage as we were just there for the weekend. They were not very helpful or friendly and didn't make much eye contact. I think they were surprised when our credit card was accepted.....All in all it was a good place to stay and we felt safe. There are so many beggars and homeless within a block of the hotel – try to avoid walking there at night because they can get quite aggressive.	
Oct 21 2005	Disappointing	With a name like the Palace, you expect something pretty special. However, the rooms are small and run down, and the bathrooms tiny. Not somewhere I would stay again.	
Oct 17 2005	A perfect weekend getaway	I just got back from a two night stay at The Palce Hotel and loved every minute of it. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly as they allowed us to check-in early and assured us that they would notify us as soon as a fax that I had been expecting arrived, which they did. Being a member of Starwood, they stood by the room upgrade benefit, giving us a lovely CLEAN large room (no view however), with bathrobes (I had read earlier that none were given), a comfortable bed, and luxurious linens. The conceirge was helpful when we need directions/addresses, and recommended a Japanese restaurant that wasn't too fancy, but the sushi was delicious which was fine with us being that we should've done our own research ahead of time if we wanted to find the best sushi in the city. Location wise, it's a block or two away from all the great shops and just a short cab ride (no more than $10.00 ride) away from some great restaurants. Overall, I truly enjoyed my stay and recommend The Palace Hotel to first timers in the city who are looking for a comfortable/clean stay and excellent service.	
Oct 16 2005 	Worn out	I've written about the Palace before, but I recently stayed there again because of its convenience to the office I was visiting. My impression is even less favorable than before.A lot of nice people work here, and the public spaces are truly grand. But that about says it. Once again, my room was bland: There was no view. The bathroom was small, old-fashioned, and not very clean. The television worked for only half the channels. The air conditioning was not strong enough to cool the room. The heavy, clumsy duvet made the bed too hot. There was no comfortable chair in which to read or watch the TV. Food was mediocre both in room service and in one of the two restaurants. A mouse ran across the mosaic floor of Maxwell's Restaurant while I was having dinner. It seemed the perfect symbol of what a hollow shell this hotel is.I don't know whether they can turn this around. Maybe the hotel is just worn out. But as things stand, if you are looking for more than spectacular public spaces, you'll do better elsewhere. I'm certainly not going back.	
Oct 8 2005	Elegence and superb service	Sumptous elegance and outstanding service from the moment we arrived. Our high cielinged room was spacious and luxurious. The Pied Piper Bar is one of the bars ever with food to match the beautiful setting. Brunch in the main dining area was exceptional and the on-site Japanese restaurant is world class. Service, especially from our concirge, Blaine, made our stay in SF even more enjoyable. We will return,	
Sep 8 2005	Superb and Luxurious	The hotel is gorgeous, elegant, quiet, and well located. The lobby and restaurant are among the most stunning in the City. We had an interior room and found it to be very luxurious and comfortable. People who are complaining that the room is tiny are wrong. It is small by suburban standards, yes, but it has plenty of room. The high ceilings make it seem larger and the smaller size increases the elegance of the room. The bed was extremely comfortable. The decor was fantastic and included solid, dark furniture with marble tops, interesting photographs, a large desk, and a gorgeous bathroom with marble tile. The pool area is fantastic and includes a jacuzzi and a dry sauna. Wonderful hotel.	
Sep 6 2005	Beautiful but...	My family and I (2 adults 2 kids) recently stayed at the Palace Hotel in San Francisco. It's a classic, old hotel smack dab in the middle of it all. A stones throw from Union Square where you can catch the $5 trolley or go deep to find the BART. The guest rooms are very nice and have an old world charm. The public areas are equally beautiful and display the history of the hotel. We received a fairly decent deal through my affiliation with the Starwood.com site I belong to. The staff we came in contact with were kind and curtious. All in all it was a nice stay and truthfully I would go back if I got the same deal.Here's a brief breakdown of where I think the hotel could improve:-Close the doors to the rooms that are being cleaned. You can't believe how loud the vacuum cleaners are. We had arrived late (10:30 PM) and tried to sleep in. -Give your guests a break on parking. $40 is too much. We parked around the corner at The Hearst Parking Center for $19 a night. Call ahead and get their hours of operation. They close on Sundays. 415-989-4000.-Cleanup the locker rooms to the pool. Towels were overflowing and lockers were broken. You can put all the fresh flowers out you want but it won't hide these type of maintainence issues.That's it. The folks at the front desk were very nice and comp'd us a roll-away for my 12 yr old son. The staff who waited on us for breakfast were first class as was the Concierge. Very nice and attentive. Give it a try but take note.	
Aug 23 2005	Make that 3 not 4 stars...	The first surprise when you arrive at the Palace Hotel is the 40$ daily parking fee. It's in a busy part of the city and there's nowhere you can park in the immediate neighborhood. Even though they appear to own the garage, (The Palace Parking Garage), they pass the cost on to you in addition to the room rate. This sort of set the tone.Once inside I found out that the pool and jacuzzi where out of service, but if I wanted to walk three city blocks to a sister hotel, I could use theirs. Walking across downtown SF in flip flops, wrapped in a towel didn't appeal, so that was off the table.The rooms were fine and the lobby is beautiful, but really, at a 4 star hotel you're paying for service - like parking and a pool.I'd pass on the palace next time around.	
Aug 11 2005	The Palace Not Fit for a Queen	We stayed at the Palace Hotel August 4 - 9, 2005. My boyfriend was attending a conference near the airport, but then moved to the Palace hotel in the Financial district for our long weekend in San Francisco. When he arrived on Thursday in a cab, he received no help with his luggage out of the cab, nor into the hotel or to his room. Unfortunately, he had a laptop bag, as well as two pieces of luggage. My arrival was better and I received help all the way. We were a little disappointed in the size of our room and bathroom. The closet space was too small to hold all our clothes for a long weekend and the bathroom was small, but elegant for an old hotel. The room was quiet, but the view was the second building of the very large hotel. The view might have been better in the front or side of the hotel, but may have been less quiet. The bed was comfortable, but the bedding was more worn than you usually see in newer hotels. One of the big disappointments was the pool and jacuzzi area. The picture was beautiful on the internet, but both were completely empty. We were told we could go five blocks away to the &quot;W&quot; and use theirs with our room key; however, we did not feel like walking that far, since there wasn't a hotel shuttle, to swim or relax in the jacuzzi when we had to walk back. We hung out in Maxwell's Pied Pipper Bar and got good service and drinks. The best part about the Palace was the concierge desk. I began getting information from Malia before we arrived. Her and others were very, very helpful and available for questions over the phone and in person at any time.Overall we enjoyed San Francisco and the wonderful help and guidance from the concierge desk on great restaurants, but we do not have plans to return to The Palace Hotel.	
Aug 8 2005	Just above average	My wife and I stayed here for only one night. I paid $209 for a &quot;superior&quot; room directly from thier website (cheapest rate I could find). Two days later I was emailed an offer to upgrade to a Deluxe room for only $20 more. I didn't bother. We arrive by car and were greeted by a very friendly, welcoming doorman. Our luggage was quickly brought to our room. The room was very small. It was clean and elegant. We had a view of a roof top and airconditioner unit. The bathroom was small but clean. No coffeemaker or bathrobes in the room. The bed was very comfortable with great linens. I guess for the lowest rate ($209) you get the smallest room. We had dinner at Maxfield's. The service was outstanding. Very attentive, though not bothersome. The food was excellent and a very good overall value. I had an outstanding Angus filet for $19. I would reccommend this restaurant for a quiet evening when you dont feel like leaving the hotel. We wanted to use the pool on the 4th floor, but after changing and entering the pool area, we found it was empty! No water. According to a posted notice, unexpected repairs were neccessary. Nobody had bothered to inform us of this when we checked in. In fairness, we were offered use of the sister property, the W hotels pool. It was a 3 block walk and was pretty disappointing. We had breakfast buffet $21.95 (not brunch $59.99)at the Garden Court restaurant. It was a spectacular room to dine in and the food was very good. Service again was excellent. We only stayed one night so not too much to complain about. Our room was very close to the elevator and our morning paper was stolen from our door. They provide free coffee in the lobby near the front desk. The hotel is nice, but somewhat boring. I left with few complaints other than the size of our room. We parked in the hotel, $40 for 24 hours, includes in and out privledges.If you stay here, try to get a good deal or at least try and get a larger room or you will feel cramped and kind of disappointed.	
Aug 2 2005	Too Many Problems	I really wanted to like the Palace, with its glimmering public spaces and welcoming bell staff. My stay quickly devolved into one of thos truly awful stays that ruin a vacation. The details are lacking and the staff is amateur at best. The room is attractive enough but faded around the edges. The bathroom was tiny. The concierge service was pathetic. First, my wife and I asked for a recommendation for fresh sashimi in Japantown. I was sent to a ramen noodle joint!?!? The woman said it was one of the &quot;only two places she could recommend,&quot; apparently because they must ply her with cheap sake, dollar ramen, and california rolls. It was one of those joints where your elbows stick to the table. Ghastly. I mentioned to her on return to the concierge that in the future, you may not want to send people who are searching through Japantown for a first-rate sushi experience to a ramen joint, she asked me if i had had a chance to try the other of the two places she had recommended, as if my stomach were some cavernous pit and I just went around sampling different lunch options all afternoon. Then, she made tour reservations for us, told us to wait in the lobby, only for us to be left behind by the tour operator who &quot;picked up another couple instead.&quot; A race by cab ensued to Pier 43 1/2 so we could pick up the last tour of the day. She didn't even come out to explain, sending her colleague to issue a non-apology instead. Next, we had a break from the hotel for dinner at Gary Danko (fantastic, just to show I'm not being a curmudgeon here). Back to the room. No minibar for midnight drinks or snacks. Quiet neghborhood = empty by night with few options. Other complaints would include paper-thin walls (expect to hear your neighbor's phone ringing and waking up expecting to have a call). I was up early and reviewed my bill under the door only to find that I had been billed again for a prepaid reservation. After a long conversation with their night manager, he decided he would not take meaningful action to rectify the situation. He insisted that I had not paid, then that I had paid but forfeited my deposit (I had had to change my reservation from a different date). I turned in my Starwood Gold guest card to him and said there would be no need to address the matter further. I've concluded I'm done with Starwood after this experience, except for a couple of properties I'd like to remain loyal to. They have no clue how to treat their guests and at this particular place, they've stopped trying. The only conclusion after those concierge reservations is that they either have no taste and/or worse yet, are bribed with food or drink for their recommendation. My recommendation is to stay far, far away from this hotel. The service is insulting and more evidence that Starwood just doesn't care.	
Jul 29 2005 	A Ghastley Palace	Some Palace.....Upon arrival I had to dodge the verbal and physical insults of the hotel strikers; worse to come I had to endure staying at this so called palace. I'd been better off hanging out with the strikers; at least the show some emotion. After checking in with Mr Spock I had hoped to get some sleep. Great...... the strikers were making all kinds of noise all night long. Went down to change rooms and found that Scotty had beamed Mr Spock up! The night guy was more like a Klingon. Very mean and combative. Changed rooms to a sparsley decorated bland room; my college dorm had better furniture! The next night, after an enjoyable evening AWAY from the hotel, I had to run the gauntlet of crazied strikers; no hotel security!! All the Palace guards were on a break. The place is WORN and OVERPRICED. A couple of shiney copper metal pieces in an antique bathroom do not make up for the lack of shiny happy staff. After three days of cognitive dissonnance regarding where I could have stayed for the same money I checked out. Alas, the strikers clapped as I told them I was checking out; believe me I was a lot happier than they were.	
Jul 17 2005	What a Palace	We have just returned from a visit to USA taking in San Francisco. We chose the Palace Hotel after reading the reveiws on tripadvisor.This is a wonderful hotel with very helpful and curtious staff, luxury accomodation and fantastic food. The bedrooms were very large and comfortable the location is good. We would return here again and would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel. Well worth a stay.	
Jul 15 2005	Ideal conference venue	Went there for the Supernova tech conference. The most spectacular dining area I've seen in a hotel. I was told the place had been used for movie sets, with 100 foot ceilings and highly articulated architecture, quite extraordinary. The room was nice, not much in the way of ac though, and everything else was superb.	
Jul 7 2005 	Restful room Elegant lobby	Palace Hotel San Francisco. We found the rooms to be quite pleasant. Extremely comfortable bed, 14 foot ceilings, 13 feet high drapes, elegant bathroom with marble accents. Complimentary terry robes in room, side chair with ottoman. The 4th floor indoor pool was a treat. Free coffee at the pool (until 10 am) with fruit and complimentary bottled water. Each day we were greeted at poolside with a sincere &quot;welcome&quot; by their great staff. Garden Court Restaurant and public spaces very elegant. We did notice some flaws in the hotel, such as somewhat beat-up furniture, and a spot or two on the bed ruffle, and worn lobby furniture, and a nick or a dent here or there. Perhaps a hotel in the &quot;Luxury Collection&quot; should preclude any blemishes like this, but it certainly didn't detract from our enjoyment. Montgomery BART station at the door. Close to cable cars, Chinatown, and Union Square. ALso- for those who are aware of the terrible homeless problem in San Franciso, the Palace, on Montgomery Street, is a few blocks west of the main concentration of street folk.	
May 31 2005	Classic Elegance at the Palace	We just got back from a 5 night stay at the Palace. Check in after a long cross-country flight was quick and efficient, great since we had a baby in tow. The crib that we requested arrived in our upgraded room a few minutes after we did. The room was beautiful, with high ceilings, beautiful moldings, and nice bath amenities, but being a classic hotel, it was definetely on the smaller side, particularly with all of the baby paraphenalia. We did notice that the bedspread and some of the other bedding did appear to be a bit on the worn side. The concierge, front desk, room service, bell service and door attendants were polite, timely, and handled our requests (car rental, special dietary requirements, etc.) with aplomb. Resolution of a problem with the bill (there always is one, isn't there?) was quickly resolved. Breakfast in the beautiful Garden Court was good, but at $17.95 for the buffet, there are certainly cheaper options for breakfast. The indoor pool, workout, and spa facilities are also nice, and come in handy when the weather is uncooperative. Overall, I think the Palace is right up there with some of the best, but those with an unlimited budget prefer the Four Seasons, Mandarin, or Ritz Carlton.	
Apr 20 2005 	Pleased by the Palace	Our booking at the Palace was assigned to our company via a convention housing bureau, and what a deal! For $239/night, the stay was pleasant, the rooms clean, and service was excellent. I was the onsite coordinator for our group, and the front desk staff of the Palace was very helpful in making sure my group received their packages and messages timely. The bellman even had one of the hotel cars -- a Lincoln Towncar -- take me to the airport for my trip home. The cab ride would have cost the same.I ordered room service two nights in a row and was pleasantly surprised both times. I also had dinner at the Pied Piper Bar, which does serve a fine martini.Some of my group stayed at the Marriott San Francisco Downtown and I had two events on that site. I wish the logistics permitted me to have the events at the Palace, because the staff was much more helpful and the atmosphere bright and pleasant.My room was on the sixth floor, facing an alley, but the view wasn't important too me. I wasn't bothered by loud noises or neighbors although one of my group, who was on the 7th floor, complained of noisy neighbors.I just wish I had time to check out their spa.This was my first stay at a Luxury Collection hotel and I will definitely keep the Starwood brand in mind when I book for our upcoming trade shows.	
Mar 19 2005 	Nice but not up to Luxury Collection standards	The Palace Hotel is a lovely building with beautiful public spaces. The rooms have high-celings and nice (if a bit worn) empire furniture, but they don't seem as grand as the rest of the building and they don't live up to the Luxury Collection expectations I had when I checked in. The service here is merely adequate, not bad, but not really good either. I was, frankly, surprised, as my experiences at other Luxury Collection properties have all been marked by very good to excellent service. My stay at the Palace (earlier this month) was fine, but I doubt I'd stay here again. I would suggest Starwood either rebrand this hotel as a Sheraton, or work with the hotel's owners to freshen the rooms and revitalize the service.	
Feb 14 2005	best combination of quality and convenience in the city	I have stayed at the Palace multiple times, and each time I have found it to be perfectly fine. The location is by far the best of any hotel in San Francisco, on Market Street right next to the Montgomery BART station. My room was quiet, comfortable, clean, and perfectly big enough. The shower is excellent. The lobby is cool. There are free newspapers. The people were all fine. And it was all remarkably cheap, booked through Expedia.The only glitch I experienced was that the electrical power shut down in that part of San Francisco (the whole neighborhood, not just the hotel) for quite a few hours one evening and most of the night. For a while the elevators weren't operating and I had to climb the stairs. As far as I was concerned the hotel dealt with this fine. For example they handed out glowsticks.	
Feb 2 2005	Grand common areas; not-so-grand rooms	Pros: Central location, amazing lobby and common areas. Beds were very comfortable and the rooms were clean. Our room was quiet although we were not facing the street (instead, we had an unappealing view of a brick wall).Cons: Rooms were small but the tall ceilings made for a less claustrophobic feeling. Because the rooms were small, there was no buffer space between the door and the bed so you could easily hear what was going on in the hallway. This could be a problem if you happened to get noisy neighbors but all we heard was the occasional door closing (I guess we avoided any street noise with the aforementioned brick wall-view room). The bathrooms were also very small; it barely fit two people and there was no tub. Room service menu had price discrepancies between the All-Day Menu and the Late-Night Menu. When we called room service and alerted them to the price difference, they said they mentioned it to the manager before but nothing has been done to fix it.If you care more about the room than the lobby/common areas, you can get a better deal at the Omni.	
Jan 12 2005	Pretty Good -- when someone else is paying	Stayed here Jan. 8-9, 2005. Agree with other users that the entry/foyer/lobby is amazing. Really beautiful. Got a room on the third floor. This was a business trip, so paid for by company. Our room was lovely -- high ceilings, nicely decorated. But our view -- if you could call it that -- was of the roof. The bathroom floor looked like it hadn't been mopped in ages. And the room was excessively noisy -- my poor friend was awake all night from the sounds of the sirens and doors slamming in the hallway. Company catered party (food by palace hotel). Food was average -- very much typical hotel food. Warmed-over in chafing dishes, pretty bad. I would have been furious to pay the $229 a night they charged the company, but as it was free to me i couldn't really complain. I'd say if you can get a good deal here ($150 a night or so) by all means go for it. Good location.	
Jan 7 2005	The Palace was Spectacular	We spent two nights at the Palace Hotel and we loved it! The hotel is so beautiful and historic. The rooms were very nice and the beds were wonderful - heavenly - we slept like logs! We had a nice quiet room on the 8th floor along Montgomery St. The employees treated us like royalty, and the concierge service was terrific. It's in a great location near the financial district, Union square, shopping, and Chinatown. We didn't order room service or eat at the restaurant, though it looked very inviting. (The Sunday brunch was $65 per person, too rich for us.) We ate at a lot of great restaurants and took the Alcatraz tour and a coach bus tour of the city. We would love to return to the Palace and San Francisco.	
Jan 6 2005	Good experience fine room	Stayed there in December 2004 for one night when we arrived in S.F. earlier than expected. Found the room on Expedia and paid &lt;$150 for a king room. A very good bargain. The room was small-ish, but to be expected in a large city. High ceilings, very comfortable bed, overall clean. Decent bathroom but nothing extravagant. The hotel lobby and common spaces were more grand, and the indoor pool, hot-tub, and fitness center (a bit small, but adequate), were really well-utilized by us. The parking at $40 was too high, but there seemed to be no other easy choice. All in all, a good deal it seemed and a good overall experience. Would definitely stay there again, especially for the price.	
Dec 31 2004	Totally Positive Experience	We stayed Christmas night at the Palace rather than traveling back to Sonoma County where we live. Yes, the rooms are on the small side (this is an old, though totally elegant, hotel) and ours was tastefully furnished. I'd requested, and received, a quiet room, having read about someone's unpleasant experience where their room faced Market Street (this, I agree, might have been unpleasant). Our room was also on the same floor as the pool and spa (also requested and received). We did have room service, a quick pizza and salad before going to a party, and found the service prompt, the food and price also satisfactory. The spa and pool attendant was gracious, as was each employee with whom we came in contact. My only complaint would be that the pool needed additional water - the water level was low. But it was indoors (many California hotel pools have outside pools, if they have them at all) and I thoroughly enjoyed the swim, sauna and jacuzzi.Yes, the parking is another $40 plus tips. This is the heart of the City, and the parking garage around the corner would have been about the same for the time period we stayed. I must report that ours was a thoroughly positive experience, and we would return to the Palace.	
Dec 27 2004	Sheraton Palace: Location good the rest so-so	We just returned from a four-night stay at The Palace. All in all, it was nice but there certainly is room for improvement. The best thing about the hotel is its location—near the SFMOMA, Bart (in fact there is a station at the corner that allows you to easily go to and from the airport), Ferry Plaza Terminal, Chinatown, etc.. The health club and exercise room is also nice with a wonderful and welcoming staff. I found the concierge somewhat lacking, perhaps because she had way too much on her plate. She knew nothing about holiday restaurant hours in the hotel and wasn’t all that well versed on good dining options near the hotel. Agree that parking is over the top at $40 per day. That does not include the gratuity you give the valet each time you get your car. The rooms are OK, but for a deluxe room, it was on the small side with lamps awkwardly positioned around the room. It was difficult to walk around the room without crashing into the lamps. The bathroom was on the small side.I’d stay here again because of the location and the health club. I wouldn’t spend a dime on hotel food with so many options within walking distance.	
Dec 23 2004	"The Palace is truly a Palace we felt like Royalty"	We appreciated the on point service and the quiet reserved atomosphere that allowed us to basically enjoy our time unimpeded...also the room service tasted 5 star, on the one hand we were able to really relax on the other we did'nt get to expierience Frisco's dining but that is why everyone wants to live in a &quot;Palace &quot;.	
Dec 18 2004	The palace is awesome	I have lived in the bay area for 25 years and stay in SF hotels all the time. I am partial to the Monaco and Campton Place. I have stayed at all relevant hotels, the St. Francis, the Fairmont, The Ritz.I have always wanted to stay at the Palace, but just never have. Me and my wife stayed there Friday to finish our Christmas shopping. The location has improved dramitically. The public areas of this hotel are unparralled. The Garden Court has got to be one of the most beautiful dining areas in the world. The Pied Piper has a huge Maxfield Parrish original behind the bar tha must be worth 2-3 million. There is slab marble everywhere. It is truly awesome for an american hotel.Our room was very inexpensive $139, and was great. It was large, the bed was great, the furniture was actually pretty nice for a hotel and the details were awesome. The ceilings are coved and 14 feet tall. It has been remodeled recently and is very clean and up to date. The service is very good.In addition this hotel has hosted JFK, Oscar Wilde, royalty from around the world, really almost everyone of interest from 1870 to 1970. It is pretty cool.I had read the reviews on this website and was really surprised it is as special as it is. If you appreciate the great architecture of the US you have to stay here. Really nothing bad to say, other than the parking, room service, etc, does increase your cost a bit, but who cares at $135 for THE PALACE.	
Dec 11 2004 	Palace - not really a "palace"	My wife and I recently stayed five nights at the Palace in SF. The foyer, restaurants and common areas were quite gourgeous and well-appointed. The individual rooms were satisfactory - paint was peeling from the ceiling, carpet was not clean in several locations in the room, and charges for additional items like ethernet connection ($!5.99/day), fax receipt ($5) and (even) toll free calls ($2/each) were outlandish on top of a &quot;discounted&quot; room rate of $300/day (including taxes).A requested wake up call was 30 minutes late and I was not notified of an incoming fax. The bright spot of the stay was the responsive, politie and helpful concierge staff; particularly Debbie Lew.Would I stay there again when in San Francisco? No.	
Dec 6 2004	Old World Charm	For a place to crash after a christmas party last weekend, I turned to Expedia for help. In about 2 minutes, I found a king non-smoking room at the Palace Hotel for $129. I was a little wary of what to expect after reading some of the reviews posted here, but overall, I think it is definitely a wonderful hotel in a great part of the city. There were some things that I found lacking, especially from a hotel of this caliber. (Having gotten a rock bottom price, I don't have room to complain about any of these rather minor annoyances, but many people will pay upwards of $300 per night, and they need to know what to expect.) First of all, the parking service is $40 per night, which is outrageous. Look for a nearby parking garage for $20. Secondly, there is no doorman, and the doors are heavy and difficult to open. (Struggling with a heavy 20 foot door in stiletto heels on a cold winter's night does not look chic-especially after a few martini's...). Although the doors were cumbersome, the entrance is gorgeous (palatial, to be exact). I was stunned by the exquisite architecture and lovely furnishings. The service desk was painfully slow (check-in took almost 30 minutes), but the staff was pleasant enough. My room was on the fifth floor, and was oozing with pomp and grandeur. Although the rooms are small for a hotel of this caliber, they are well decorated, and the beds are oh-so comfy (down comforter, anyone?). The 14 foot high ceilings (complete with gorgeous crown mouldings) lend an airy feel to the otherwise small room. The bathroom and closet are huge, but the showerhead/bathtub is nondescript (think: Holiday Inn) and the toiletries are sub-par (kudos to whomever mentioned the trashy toiletries earlier). All in all, this hotel is definitely worth every penny up to about $220 per night, but if you want to pay more than that, there are better places to stay. This hotel would be worth the $300 price tag if they had better service people, upgraded the showerheads/bathtubs, and offered a better toiletry selection. Oh, they should also lower the crazy $40 a night parking fee.	
Nov 29 2004	Wrong Choice	My wife and I stayed here the last week of October 04. We were with a large convention, and the Palace was in the middle of a strike by virtually all workers.The protesters were loud and woke us up every am at 6 when they started.Service was just ok for a &quot;regular&quot; hotel. But for a first class hotel at over $300 per night it was not good.They only changed towels daily if you begged them. It took till 4 pm to get it clean anyway.For very little cost to them, they could have offered their breakfast buffet for free during the strike. Instead of the $24.00 PER PERSON plus tax and tip they did charge. With it almost impossible to get a coffee refill.Or a lower room rate then agreed when we originally contracted.I will try another downtown SF hotel in the future. There are lots of choices.	
Nov 22 2004	Rip off and unethical way to do business	I called to reserve a room for 3 nights and received an email confirmation. I used the reply button to cancel the reservation and that should've been the end of it. Instead, 2 months later my credit card statement is charged for 3 mights. Apparently, even though my 'reply' email was sent, the email never said not to use the reply button. Rather, there is &quot;mice-type&quot; at the bottom of the first email confirmation with different instructions. They had my phone number and could've called even if it was to ostensibly see if they could re-sell the room (which I'm sure they did). But no, they'd rather conduct business in an unethical manner and treat people poorly. I've been there before and I'll never be there again - crappy way to treat others.	
Sep 30 2004	A Fun Poltergeist Good Location Nice Stay	The Palace hotel is in a perfect location. I'll get to the ghost story later. It is old, and so are the loud noisy pipes. Our room was small, but the high ceilings helped to make it not-so cramped. The lobby staff did give off the impression that I was being snubbed a little. Parking at $40 a night is joke, around the corner you can pay $16, but even that is a scam. Every garage sets a daily rate from 6am-6am. If you stay one night, you pay for 2 full days=$32. So to the Ghost story, accross the bar is a bathroom. During the stay I went several times there. This time as I went to wash my hands, it was perfect timing as I walked to the door it automatically opened. I looked around and saw nothing that would open the door, and it never did that before. As I washed my hands, I saw in the mirror the door was still wide open. In the instant I turned around to dry my hands, I looked at the door and it was completely closed. I asked the doorman the next day if there were any ghosts in the place he said NO, I told him what happened, and he said, &quot;wellllllll, Some things have known to happen in the hall off the lobby near the bar&quot;. We would probably stay there again, but there are soooo many hotels in SF.	
Sep 7 2004	Treated Like Kings in The Palace	When I first arrived in San Fransico on my long weeked excursion I was rather disappointed with my hotel. So I phoned the hotel directory and we managed to get an incredible rate at the Palace Hotel. The title says it all, from the dramatic foyer and dining room to the courteous and tremendously helpful staff, the palace blew my mind. It is a must see and is worth the money and then some!	
Sep 4 2004	The Palace....Where Guests Are Treated Like Royalty!!!	This is a much belated, but extremely well deserved review of the Palace Hotel. We stayed at the Palace Hotel in November, 2003. almost by accident, as we were meeting a old friend at the &quot;Pied Piper&quot; bar located there and were trying to make it convenient. We arrived, not knowing what to expect after almost escaping from the &quot;Embassy Hotel&quot; (see my TripAdvisor.com review of the Embassy entitled &quot;We Woudn't Even Stay The Second Night For Free!!!&quot; dated November 6, 2003) not really knowing what to expect because the only phone call we had made while at the Embassy was to make a reservation at the Palace. We were extremely impressed at the grandeur of the entrance, lobby and hallways of the Palace and it just got better from our intitial impression. We arrived at about 9:30 a.m. (well before the 3 p.m. check in time) and were hoping to store our luggage there until check in time as we were traveling without our vehicle. Not only were we greeted with extremely friendly and efficient staff at the counter, but we were allowed to check into our room at that time. We were impressed with our room due to the rich luxurious fabrics and elegant furniture used in decoration as well as how spacious it was. Not only were the fabrics luxurious, but the furniture and bed were extremely comfortable adding to the luxury and elegance of the room. We also were impressed with how quiet the room was, and were not bothered thoughout the night by any noise from the street, guests in rooms on either side of us or in the room above us or anyone walking down the hallway. We ordered room service in the morning and received delicious food, promptly by extremely courteous and helpful staff. The complimentary bathrobes were an excellent touch and added to the feeling of living in luxury. The hotel is conveniently located near a BART station as well as one of the turn arounds for the cable cars. In the surrounding neighborhood there are at least two Starbucks and several restaraunts to choose from. As you can probably tell, we enjoyed our stay at the Palace and will definitely be staying there again upon returning to San Francisco.	
Aug 3 2004	Not enough for my money	Our recent weekend stay at The Palace was a mixed bag overall. Here's my take on the pros and cons of this hotel:Pros: Central location is fairly handy, lobby area was quite classy and beautiful, room nicely appointed/furnished, great view of Market street from our large window that opened, nice linens, superb showerhead, valet parking was VERY quick and the housekeeping staff was exceptionally friendly. Pool/spa area on 4th floor looked nice though we only walked through to take a peek. Cons: Standard room was quite small -(common in S.F, I know) a nice chair with ottoman was so close to bathroom door you usually bumped right into it on the way out, vanity area was very small - just a very small amount of room around sink in bathroom, awful hallway noise after midnight - could clearly hear people talking in the halls and a couple of slamming doors jolted me awake more than once during the night, price was a bit steep at $199 per night and the buffet breakfast in hotel was outrageous at $21.99.Overall, a classy yet overpriced hotel for what is delivered. I have definitely stayed in less expensive hotels in S.F. and was much more satisfied with my overall experience so I will not be returning to The Palace unless someone else is footing the bill.	
Jun 8 2004	Pass on the tea!	I am a member of an afternoon tea club, and our group chose The Palace Hotel as a location for our tea experience in June. The ambiance was wonderful, but if I had known how bad the service was going to be I would have voted to go somewhere else. At the Palace tea is served from 2-4pm on Saturdays. We arrived 10 minutes early and were told to come back at 2 to be seated. When we came back, we stood in a long line and were ignored when we arrived at the front. As another party was seated ahead of us, we tried to follow a hostess who appeared to be waiving us on. She rudely trurned us back and we waited a couple more minutes for someone to notice us and seat us.We were a large party of 8, and we were treated like second class citizens. We waited 15 minutes before one of us finally called the waiter over. He rudely told us that we would have to wait since everyone was seated for tea at the same time. Our group was understanding of the circumstances, but we were the last table to have our tea order taken at 30 minutes after we had arrived. The waiter could have at least apologized and acknowledged our existance in that time. There was food on the table when we arrived, but we had vegitarians in our party and the vegetarian sandwiches were unmarked. The chid in our group had to wait an entire hour to get her special sandwiches and treat.Overall we had a very unhappy experience. Because we were a party of 8, they forced us to give a tip to a waiter who did not deserve it. Don't bother going to tea at The Palace Hotel. Smaller tea shops are more personable and you get a lot more for your money.	
Apr 30 2004	Treated by staff based on what you paid	Unfotunately this hotel rates you as a guest on what rate you pay.The first time I booked through the hotel at 239USD per nite.We were treated quite well.The next time I booke a special 109USD rate and was treated like a lepor.	
Apr 21 2004	Still a Grand Dame	Spent a delightful overnight here in March. Sixth floor interior-view standard room. Neat and tidy, absurdly comfortable bed (I just did not want to crawl out of it the next morning and kept hitting the &quot;snooze&quot; button on the alarm clock), lovely fleur-de-lys blue-and-gold patterned sitting chair. Check-in and -out was completely efficient and effortless. At midnight, the birthday glass of champgne I ordered arrived right on time, along with free chocolate-dipped strawberries. I found the bell captain, registration desk staff, and room service to be as friendly and apporachable as ever. Had no trouble with noises or hearing other guests. Must have been in a more solidly constructed part of the hotel. I had breakfast in the magnificent Garden Court. The buffet food was okay, but really nothing special. I'd love to return another time for brunch or an a la carte meal just to see if the quality is much improved.	
Apr 1 2004 	Elegant but there are better places	I stayed at the Palace Hotel for three nights in March, 2004. I was raised in San Francisco and had not been to this hotel for about 15 years (when it was the Sheraton Palace and pretty worn out). Now it is in great shape.My first room was on the fourth floor, overlooking Market Street (San Francisco's main street). I arrived in the late afternoon and the noise of the street traffic was too loud for me. I moved to an interior room on the seventh floor which was much more quiet -- but had a view of only the sides of the hotel (imagine being on the inside of a donut). Both rooms were clean, had nice linens, and 14' high ceilings. However, both rooms felt small (about 14' by 14'). In my seventh floor room, there was a loud ticking noise in one of the walls whenever the plumbing was used in my room or the neighboring room. I could also clearly hear my neighbor's voice.There is a very nice indoor swimming pool but the gym is surprisingly small and under-equipped. (Instead of using the gym, I walked down Market Street to the embarcadero and brought back coffee and bagels.) The hotel has a nice-looking dining room and a good-size bar. Parking is $40 a night, but there is an $18 a night lot behind the hotel (ask the doorman for directions). There is a BART station on the Market Street side of the hotel.It is a 10 minute walk or short cab ride to the financial district. Take a cab if you are going to the civic center as the area between the hotel and the civic center is unattractive.There are no restaurants around the building suitable for more than grabbing coffee and pastry.In sum, the Palace is an elegant hotel but the rooms are not very big, the walls are pretty thin, and there are no places to eat outside the hotel. There are a lot of hotels that would be worth considering before deciding to stay at the Palace.	
Mar 9 2004	Awful luxury collection	Actually I stayed just 2 nights by business trip for $299 per day on last February. However, this hotel is one of the worst hotels as 4 or 5 star hotel in U.S. Front is o.k. but smugly and bellboy is derogatory like one who work at 3 star hotel in NY. Room is small and equipped dilapidated old bed. Bath articles are very cheap like a Holiday Inn. Overall this hotel is 3 star class and appropriate price is around $100-150 per night. DonÂ t pay over $200. Ritz or Mandarin is much better.	
Feb 23 2004	Americans CAN do a Grand Hotel!	Wow!After a week of enjoying the fun and stylish approach of several W hotels on the West Coast, I had a night at the Palace partly because I was hosting a brunch at the Garden Court on Sunday and mainly because I was offered a rate of $139. I was upgraded to a truly beautiful suite overlooking the spa and the incredible pool. The quality of the room and the hotel in general is impeccable. I understand the Palace was modeled on the European 'Grand Hotel' model and it is truly an exhibition of elegance and opulence. The service is outstanding and so many little details are done properly that finding any fault is impossible. If you fancy being treated like a truly valued guest then the Palace is the place to go.	
Dec 30 2003	Picturesque Lobby but that's it	I live and work in San Francisco so I rarely get an opportunity to stay at the many historical hotels. One weekend, I was there for a wedding and thought it would be fun to surprise my husband by checking us in to the Palace. I had dined at the Garden Court and been to several weddings there but I had never had the pleasure of being a guest.The room which I checked into was facing the Market Street side. The room was small. It felt as if I were in France. There was barely enough space for me to move my small carry on bag in without hitting a piece of furniture. The decor was traditional and had some charming detailings. The bed was comfortable with nice fluffy pillows and the bathroom had nice comfy robes. The bathroom was clean and had nice marble but other than that the whole room was pretty non-descript. I can't even remember the carpet or if there were wallpaper. It was just so &quot;blah&quot;.Room service was decent - really nothing special. It came on time, the eggs were done well but nothing fancy eventhough for $40 breakfast for two you could expect more. My husband had french toast or something like that. Just decent - not great.The Palace Hotel's common areas are gorgeous and grand. The Garden Court is fabulous for tea. The hallways are rich but the rooms are just so - so. The only saving grace was that we were fortunate enough to receive a group rate because of the wedding. Because if we had paid full price I would not have scored it so.	
Dec 8 2003	Great history but service is terrible...	Historically and in architectural terms, the Palace hotel in San Francisco is one of the most interesting lodgings in this city. However, the terrible service we received at this hotel far outweighs the beautiful decor this hotel has to offer:1. There was a long line at check-in due to an &quot;electronic problem&quot; with the room card keys.2. Although I left a message at the reservations desk to reserve a spot at their Garden Court restaurant for breakfast, I only got the confirmation the following morning, half an hour before the reservation time; of course, by then I already had made alternate arrangements since I did not hear back from them in a timely fashion.3. The hotel charges $40 to park your car overnight. Although parking in SF is expensive, one would think that the hotel would offer a discounted rate since nearby parking garages charge $28/day. Talk about gouging your customers!4. Check-out: Another long line at check out since there were only 2 people at the desk to handle a busy Saturday morning! What galled me was that the reservation clerk had the time to make $$ change for one of his buddies, ignoring the long queue in front of him, then sniped &quot;I'll get to you in a moment&quot; then looked the other way to field phone calls.5. Lunch at the Garden Court: I decided to give the Gardne Court a try after the reservations desk screwed up my breakfast reservation. Again, we stood for quite a while at the seating desk since the hostess, who was also assisting setting up tables and menus (you'd think they would have a bus boy to do this) had her hands full. Once seated, it took us several tries to catch one of the waiters to take our order. Coffee refills were also hard to come by -- I finally had to stand up and look for the hostess just to have a fresh cup.For the price the hotel is asking, and for the hotel's reputation, one would expect better service. It's apparent that management does little to train its staff properly. Need we remind them that hospitality is not just about providing a room for the night, it's all about SERVICE.	
Dec 1 2003	Watch for unexpected billing	Watch for the overpriced hotel parking, which can increase by 40% the cost of your stay. The hotel charges you even and extra 10 dollars per day for oversized vehicle even if you drive a medium size car.	
Nov 27 2003	Hotel somewhat over-rated		
Nov 24 2003 	Royal Treatment		
Aug 30 2003	Elegant but Very Noisy		
Aug 24 2003	Elegance and Grandeur		
Aug 12 2003	A terrific Starwood property		
Jul 9 2003	Beautiful But...		
May 30 2003	Fabulous Surprise		
May 21 2003	A grand and great hotel		
Feb 13 2003	First rate luxury		
Jan 26 2003	The best!		
Jan 26 2003	Una verdadera porquería de hotel		
Sep 24 2009	The Palace hotel San Francisco		
Sep 11 2009 	Sehr empfehlenswert		
Sep 10 2009 	Pourrait être magique  mais le service ne suit pas ....		
Sep 8 2009 	Muy buena relación calidad precio		
Aug 20 2009 	Très bel hôtel		
Aug 17 2009 	Le grand confort		
Aug 13 2009 	Muy clásico		
Aug 6 2009 	fantastico		
Aug 3 2009 	Très bel hôtel		
Jul 5 2009 	???????????????		
Jun 15 2009 	???????????		
Jun 6 2009 	?????		
Feb 5 2009 	Hotel tres agreable idealement place		
Nov 14 2008 	Una scelta felice		
Sep 2 2008 	Ein Märchen Hotel		
Nov 27 2007 	eccellente		
Aug 31 2007 	Un très bel Hotelconfortable et très bien situé		
Jan 17 2007 	Fantástico hotel		
