	Great location wonderful staff best place to stay in San Francisco.	Staff was willing to help with anything, great maid service, clean rooms, perfect location.	
	Thanksgiving Week Stay--Excellent Hotel for Families	We stayed here last week before traveling out to visit families. We were looking for an inexpensive place to stay that would accomodate our two young children. I would have preferred to stay in a more central location like Union Square but couldn't find anything close to $100/night. This place fit the bill in terms of price and accomodations (it has a pullout bed in the living area). We were very happy with the place. We were allowed to check in two hours early. The crib that we had requested was already set up( it was a nice clean pack 'n play). The space was clean and neat if showing its age in a few places. The only drawback was the noise. We stayed on the second floor on the North Point side. I slept on the pullout bed one night and the street noise was fairly bothersome. It was OK in the bedroom. We had a great time there and were impressed with the great accomodations at a reasonable price. I would pick this place above any other overpriced Fisherman's Wharf hotels.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great hotel but earlier checkin and later checkout please!	My apartment in this Suites hotel was large, comfortable, clean, well-equipped and in a great location. The views from the rooftop deck are superb. The big downside was that checkin isn't until 4pm, and checkout is at 10am. This is way outside industry norms of 12 and 3.  When I left my room to check out on the last day, Housekeeping were already hovering outside the door ready to get into the room and clean it. Given that, I find it hard to understand that checkin isn't until 4pm. I stated in my online booking that I would arrive at noon, and did so, but I was told that my room would not be ready until well after 3 pm, and to come back at 3.30. When I did that - which was hard, because I'd been flying overnight from Australia and I was very tired - I saw a man who'd just arrived at reception being given a room key. I was then told that my room would not be ready until 4, because Housekeeeping had shampooed the carpet and it needed to dry. When I complained that a man who'd come later had just been given a room, the staff member explained that room allocations are done in the morning and can't be changed during the day. And when I walked on the carpet, it was still very damp - even 4pm was not late enough - and the room smelled musty the next day. I fail to see why a hotel with sufficient staff needs to allow 6 full hours for Housekeeping to clean vacated rooms. I can't understand why Housekeeping would decide to shampoo the carpet of an apartment allocated to a guest who has indicated that he or she would arrive at noon. I would much rather have had a slightly dirty but dry carpet than a clean, damp one after a long delay. I also can't understand why room allocation cannot be made more flexible, so rooms can be allocated as guests arrive. The staff were pleasant, and seemed to be trying hard to be helpful, but the procedures were inflexible.	
Oct 26 2009	Great vacation at the Suites at Fisherman's Wharf!	The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf provided us a great place to stay, a great location and great staff to help us. Very close to the Wharf, right on the Cable Car and bus routes. With no rental car, we took advantage of the City Pass. The staff were upbeat, friendly and excellent with maps and highlighters to get us where we wanted to go. We loved the balcony to people watch and the rooftop for the great views. The condo was spacious, well appointed and included wireless internet.	
Oct 26 2009 	Good Place	Check it out, stay here! We really enjoyed our trip to San Francisco, so many things to so, places to eat, etc. This location puts it all at your fingertips.	
Oct 22 2009 	Excellent Location Excellent Suites Excellent Value for money	The title sentence says it all. The perfect place to spend a few days in San Francisco.	
Oct 12 2009 	Best Vacation Ever	This is the best place to stay. Right in the hub of everything. Make to sure look at the great scene you get from the roof. Everyone was wonderful and did everything to make our stay a happy one.	
Sep 30 2009	Fantastic stay at The Suites	My husband, myself and daughter recently stayed for 4 nights at The Suites - this was our first introduction to San Francisco and we loved our stay. The 2 bedroom suite with living room and kitchen was spacious and comfortable, the small verandah was marvellous for early morning coffees and the rooftop gave a wonderful view of the bay and alcatraz, during our &quot;happy hour&quot; when we talked to other visitors. The staff were extremely efficient and helpful and free internet access was a bonus....the only tiny drawback was the sound of the trams going by until around 1am - but this was something we were used to after a few days.	
Sep 17 2009 	Location Cleanliness and Attitude	All of the subject matter was top rated. When you see the view from the roof top you'll be amazed! What a sight! Seeing Alcatraz and the Golden Gate from the same view while you sip on coffee and/or wine. Oh, did I mention you'll also hear the ding-ding from the cable car as it glides by. That's life at its best.....	
Sep 14 2009 	Great location for a San Francisco Vacation	The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf is a great base to operate from. The Hyde Street Cable Car stops at the front door and 4-5 city buses stop at the intersection of Hyde and North Beach(the Suites sits on this corner). Cars are a colossal pain in San Francisco( no parking or very expensive parking) and the bus/streetcar/cable cars are hard to beat + you can buy a 7 day pass good on everything except BART for $28/person. Fisherman's Wharf is an easy 2-3 block walk from the hotel. The hotel has a great staff that is very helpful in everything you might want in the way of info. We stayed in a 2 bedoom unit and everything was very clean,.comfortable, and quiet.. The hotel has a great rooftop deck to enjoy a great view of the Bay and enjoy a nice bottle of fine. If you want a hotel that has an on site restaurant, bar,disco,etc. then this is not the place for you. All those things are close by but not in the hotel. You also get a free newspaper each day as well as free Internet service. Great value!	
Aug 24 2009 	FABULOUS FABULOUS FABULOUS!!	We stayed at the Suites at Fisherman's Wharf for 4 nights with our 2 teenage daughters and it couldn't have been better. The location is amazing, the rooms are incredible and the proximity to transportation, tourist attractions, shopping and restaurants could not be beat. Our Suite was 650sq ft with 1 bedroom, a queen pull-out and a fully equipped kitchen and dining area. We had a balcony with a fabulous view of the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz and an even better view of the entire Wharf area from the roof-top patio where we enjoyed our coffee and breakfast every morning. The staff were very courteous and extremely helpful and met all of our needs recommending places to eat and which attractions to see. The MUNI Cable cars stop right outside the door and is an added bonus that we absolutely loved. I highly recommend this Hotel and will certainly stay again when we return to San Francisco in the future!! The value of location, price and service makes this my #1 place to stay in San Francisco and I looked forward to staying again!!	
Aug 12 2009 	Wonderful Location - Great Service	We stayed here for an extended weekend and had two adjacent one bedroom suites, one housing Great Grandma and paternal Grandma, one with maternal Grandma, Mommy and Daddy and 3 year old center of attention. The rooms are spacious, bathroom adequate and sofa sleeper actually not bad to sleep on at all. Since this used to be an apartment complex, the kitchens are great and fully set up for all the items you might require, including salt and pepper. The full size frig let us store some frozen food and milk for the young one. Suites on the Hyde St side (we did not have these) have balconies. If you get one of these be prepared for the sound of the Hyde St cable car which we still heard with windows open on the alley side of the building. The small roof deck will deliver great views of the bay,Oakland Bay Bridge, Alcatraz, and the Golden Gate when the fog lifts so we didn't really miss the balcony.The reception staff are great, the housekeeping staff too and the concierge, Carrie, was patient and informative. She sent us to a great little restaurant on Beach Street (Beach Street Cafe) for breakfast. Food was outstanding, service great, and the 10% off coupon she gave us helpful even though the prices were quite reasonable for San Francisco.As some other reviewers have mentioned, even though the one bedroom suites are supposedly set up for 4 occupants, the dinky dining table had only two chairs. Two more would have really helped. We wanted to get together in one room and play Yahtzee but there was no way to do it without more seating. Another bonus would have been to have the rooms connect. We found these minor items to be the only &quot;if only&quot; type remarks we had the whole weekend.	
Aug 5 2009 	New but terrific ambience	It was our first time to try Suites at Fisherman's Wharf and we did not expect that inside is so much different from what we have seen from other hotels we've been through. The place is so clean and nice, staff are so helpful, accommodating and their service is fast. Rooms are clean and its just a very different but lovable ambience. Location is very very good too, near fisherman's wharf and cable car is so accessible. You will not regret choosing this hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	Small friendly and great location	Spacious lounge, comfortable beds. A slightly larger kitchen amd more seats for the dining table would have been a bonus.Easy access to bus and cable cars; both stop right outside. Easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf. Staff; very helpful.	
Jul 23 2009 	why stay anywhere else	We stayed here for our 3 night stay in San Francisco (19th July - 22nd July. Why anyone would stay anywhere else is a mystery. We were greeted withh a wonderful welcome. The concierge Sheila showed us some ideas for our stay. The suites are lovely with plenty of space and everything you would need. They are former apartments now used as accommodation. The Hyde &amp; Powell streetcar stop is just outside the front door and you can just jump on board. Pier 39 is about 15 minutes away. When we checked out, reception stored our bags at no charge and helped us into the car with them. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 14 2009 	location location location!!	Had a very pleasant stay at this hotel recently. Stayed in the 2-bdr suite with the balcony view, which was very comfortable for the six of us. Staff was very helpful (Jessie at front desk and also other young lady who's name I forgot (brunette). Location was WONDERFUL -- a block from the Wharf!!Sound was not a problem at all -- close your windows if that trolley bugs you! And the rooftop deck -- SPLEDID. You can see Alcatraz from there! Would definitely recommend this to anyone who'd like a safe and very comfortable stay by the Wharf!!	
Jul 12 2009 	Very good for the cost!	We stayed for 2 nights with one young child (4 years old) and chose this bc of the relatively low cost and cheaper parking compared to other hotels near Fisherman's Wharf. Overall very happy. VERY friendly and helpful staff/concierge, good location (able to walk to Pier 39, Ghiradelli, etc), very clean and spacious. Also, free Wifi! The only negative was that it was a little noisy--the street noises, trolley cars, etc could be heard in the living room and the center lounge area could be heard in the bedroom. However, that was minor compared to the numerous positives.	
Jul 8 2009 	Wonderful Stay!	We had a fantastic stay. The suite was very roomy and nice, had a great view, great staff, wonderful location. We loved the roof deck, too!	
Jun 22 2009 	The 'Suites' made us welcome and were the perfect base of operations.	After spending five nights in a single room at Disneyland with 5 people, the Suites at Fisherman's Wharf were a very welcome change. We had the two bedroom suite and everyone had a great couple of nights sleep. Additionally, the location was perfect for us for finding restaurants, and seeing the many attractions of SF. We booked on-line and got a great rate for the rooms. We will definitely be back there again. It should be noted that the Suites are on Hyde which is a cable-car line; There is rumbling when the cars go by but quickly fades in to the background. The cars stop running at night (11-ish? and start again 6-ish) It didn't keep us from sleeping well.	
Jun 21 2009 	Felt that I lived there	I loved the Suites at Fisherman's Wharf.It was wonderful to wake up in the morning to fix ourbreakfast, sit down with the newspaper that was leftoutside our door and watch the beautiful view of the Wharffrom the breakfast table. There are tables up on the rooftop that offer a full view of the city. Nice for picture taking or relaxing with an afternoon drink.The room was so cozy that we felt we lived there andusually started our day after noon.Location was perfect. We bought a 7 day muni pass at theairport when we arrived. The cable and bus stop was right outside our door. The hotel staff was very knowledgeableabout the bus routes and gave us very good suggestionsas to what to do and where to eat.Highly recommended feather pillows are available upon request.The only drawback is that due to the date that this hotel was built soundproofing is not good, but the amenities out way this inconvenience.After we had left the hotel we realized that we had left some articles behind. I called the hotel from the airport and was assured that my belongings would be sent by mail. I received them yesterday...Thank you Debbie and Laura.Need I say more...yes I would definitely stay here again...	
Jun 16 2009 	Loved this place we will definitely stay there again	When you travel with your young children, it's one thing to know you'll be spending the evening in your hotel rather than going out on the town (unless you hire a babysitter). It's another to have to share the same small hotel room with them. The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf was the ultimate solution to this situation - at a great value. We had a great time exploring San Francisco, a fun dinner out (Las Margaritas), then came back to our suite and put our daughter to bed in the other room while we were able to stay up longer to enjoy the rest of the evening in the rest of the unit without disturbing her. In addition, we found the room very well appointed with decent furnishings and decor, coffee, coffee filters as well as all the expected amenities. The unit was clean, quiet, spacious and comfortable. We chose to not go with the &quot;deluxe&quot; one bedroom (meaning we would have a balcony and view of the wharf), and instead had a quieter unit facing residential units. Having access to the awesome rooftop deck more than made up for this. The location was perfect - Fisherman's Wharf, cable car, North Beach all within walking distance. The staff was great and the parking reasonable for the area. Oh - try Pat's Cafe for breakfast - absolutely delicious and outstanding service.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great location - Gorgeous room	We booked a room at the Suites at Fisherman’s Wharf. This complex is a former apartment unit and is very spacious. We were able to check in early and arrived in our room that was gorgeous. We had four huge windows overlooking the city and a full kitchen, living room and bedroom. The suites offered a very nice and clean place for a family to stay. Once you step outside your door you are within blocks of the Fisherman’s Wharf and the trolley picks up and drops off right out front. http://www.joreviews.com/travel/valentines-day-san-francisco-ca	
Jun 9 2009 	What a wonderful place to stay.	Our experience as a family at the Suites, was nothing short or fantastic. The property is very clean, atmosphere very pleasant, location fantastic, and overall experience wonderful. Thanks to all the staff for such a nice place to stay.	
Jun 8 2009 	Went to sleep with Cable Cars rolling by....	I live in the area, but wanted to get an early start in SF, so I cast about for places to stay. This was cheap and near where I wanted to be, so I grabbed it. Parking is tough in this area -- they have a small garage for $20 extra, there are similar garages around the area. You are on Hyde Street, which is one of the cable car lines, so they roll by your window in the evening and morning -- a real treat. You are one block from Ghirardelli Square, a short walk to Fisherman's Wharf. The two bedroom suite was clean, well appointed, with flat screen TVs in each bedroom, a large TV in the living area with a DVD player and an IPod player. My first floor bedroom exited to a shared patio. There is also a full kitchen. Nicer than some apartments I have lived in -- I plan to stay there again in the near future.	
Jun 1 2009 	So-so stay there.	I stayed in room 204 for one night. The front desk clerks were very helpful with check in and check out. However, I was surprised that I would have to pay an extra $20 for parking. This was not noted on the website or reservation.The conciere(older asian man) was rude. As soon as we walked into the lobby, instead of asking, he told my guest and I that he needed to talk to us in such a tone that we thought was rude and demanding, hhhmmm...no, rather it's if I want to talk to u or need ur services I will, but to tell me u need to talk to me, especially if ur suppose to be a conciere and we hadn't even checked in yet.......well no.  Fortunately, I saw it this morning while getting ready to leave the hotel, but under the coffee table there were cut toe nail trimmings from someone who had stayed there. It tells me that the cleaning lady was lazy and didn't vaccum under the coffee table, which is unacceptable. Makes one wonder what else wasn't clean, hhmmm? Also, while using the hair dryer the fuse blew so it shut the power off to the entire unit except the refrigerator. I had to test the GFI and fuse box to finally trigger the power back on. There's a reasonable expectation that someone will use the hair dryer so why not upgrade the fusebox to accomodate the power surge?! In todays times, this should not be happening. As for the room itself, I realze they're old and for the most part the room was fine. I do like the idea of having a kitchen and separate bedroom/living room so if someone wants to nap or sleep they can without it bothering anyone. U don't find these types of places much. The roof top wharf view is nice and it's close to areas of interest that walking to and from makes it easy instead of driving everywhere. Value wise, it's very affordable for what ur getting, which is why I gave it a 5 star. As far as recommending it, well, not so sure. Perhaps if ur doing a quick overnighter and don't care about quality, service,etc...but if I'd recommend it to my parents for them to stay, no I wouldn't because of the items mentioned. It's the little things that matter and rudeness before u check in, power going out because of a hair dryer and toe nail clippings.....I'll look elsewhere.	
May 19 2009 	Great service and location	Every staff member we encountered was extremely friendly and helpful, and this set the facility apart from others. The location was perfect, 1 block from Ghirardeli Square and the Hyde Street Cable Car and 2 blocks from the waterfront.The room itself was slightly dated, but was not lacking. The bathroom was a little cramped, but all in all, the room was comfortable. The interior courtyard provides a pleasant place to sit and meet with others and the rooftop patio is very nice, if the weather cooperates. The patio does provide a perfect view of the bay and Alcatraz.The kitchenette and living room were nice, but we did not take advantage as we were there for only 1 night. Would highly recommend for a longer stay and will definitely look at this property again if we are staying in the city.Parking is very limited, as it is everywhere in San Francisco. Overnight parking fee of $20 is quite reasonable compared to other locations, but the enclosed structure has only a few spaces and is very tight. With public transportation close by, a car is more hassle than it is worth.	
May 12 2009 	Great Service 	Wonderful staff-very friendly &amp; helpful!! Great location. Trolley right out front door. Bike rental &amp; car rental close. Roof top tables and chairs provide a wonderful view of the bay. The location and the wonderful staff make this a wonderful place to stay.	
May 12 2009 	shell vacations has never let me down	My sisters and I stayed in a one bedroom condo. The location is walking distance to Ghiradelli Sqare and Fishermans Wharf. It is very convenient for taking public transportation--we took the trolleys, cable cars and buses everywhere we went. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The unit was very spacious and comfortable. even the bed in the pull out couch was pretty comfy! It did get a little stuffy in the unit while we were gone during the day, but it cooled down quickly once we opened the windows. (we didn't want to leave them open while we were gone since we were on the 1st floor) I own timeshare with Shell Vacations and used points for our stay, so I'm not sure what the pricing is like if you have to pay.	
May 5 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	We had a wonderful time during our stay at The Suites. Everyone was very courteous and helpful. The view is amazing. It is also only 2 blocks to Fisherman's Wharf, where there are many shops and restaurants.Will be going back again this year.Barbara Bedecarrax	
Apr 30 2009 	Undiscovered Gem	I was in town for three days conducting meeting to hire a salesperson. The room was ideal for this purpose. The view awesome! I would like to commend the front desk staff on how effecient they were in routing people to and from the meeting suiteI will definately use this property again for business or pleasure!!Thanks Again!	
Apr 25 2009 	What a GREAT place!!!	GREAT location (3 blocks from the water)! GREAT rooftop view (Alcatraz, Bay &amp; G.G. Bridges)! GREAT room! Close to everything, with the most helpful staff ever (Jessica).	
Apr 16 2009 	Pleasant Surprise - Nice place Great value!	We visited for three days with our two kids. The hotel rates were competitive to other standard rooms in the motels/hotels in the area, but the rooms were suites (much better value) and the parking was half the price of the other hotels (be sure if you're looking for a hotel in Fisherman's Wharf to ask about the parking price - some hotels charge an additional $50 per night over and above the room rate - the parking here was $20 per night, and was secured &amp; covered - in the basement of the building). We stayed in a one bedroom suite, with living room, kitchen &amp; bathroom. The Living room had a Queen-sized sleeper sofa. Bedroom and living room had a TV with a dvd/vcr in the livingroom.Kitchen included a full size refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker (with complimentary coffee) , dishes and dishwasher. The bed was comfortable and rooms was clean. This hotel exceeded our expectations, and we'll definitely try to stay here again when we visit next time.This hotel is part time-share, part hotel (we didn't have to sit through a sales pitch if you're wondering), and is well maintained, conveniently located next to several bus routes and the Hyde street trolly - ((Check into getting a city pass when you're there - but if you plan on going to to Alcatraz, buy the City Pass from the Alcatraz booth on Pier 33. The Pass gives you 7 days unlimited use of the muni bus, cable cars and trolly's, gets you into Alcatraz, the California Acadamy of Science, the Exploratorium, Yerba Buena Gardens, the Aquarium, plus discounts on other attractions. You save about 50% off the entry into those attractions, plus get the value of the bus lines!))Anyway, back to the hotel, there is a viewing area on the roof which is great for pictures.	
Apr 11 2009 	Great location and service	The rooms are a little worn but the staff makes up for it with very friendly service. Everyone went out of their way to be helpful. The location is great and we enjoyed using the public transportation system to get around. The Japanese Tea Garden in Golden Gate Park is just beautiful! I really enjoyed Muir Woods also. We would go back.	
Apr 1 2009 	All Good...	We arrived early, the F. Desk agent assigned us a room and made it available within 30 minutes. Great service, friendly staff and a great location to Fisherman's Wharf. Will be returning with family!	
Mar 30 2009 	Good place to stay good location good staff	This three night stay gave us a comfortable starting point for exploring San Francisco. A nice quiet neighborhood with Fishermann's Wharf nearby. Staff was very helpful with suggestions.	
Mar 22 2009 	awsome!	best location n awsome rooms with a cute well equiped kitchen ..very spacious and d communication from dr to newhere in san francisco is awsome!! we had a lovely time! for grocery safeway department store was d closest and they had nearly eveything u wnt!..d cable cars go ryt in front o the hotel..overall it was one of the most wonderful holidays i ever had.. d only negative thing about these suites would be the internet access....holy slow!!!! but thn it hrdly weighs nething in front of d good thigns of this hotel,,.,very warm n welcoming staff./.....walking distance to ghiradelli square n many eating places and pier 39.....r balcony faced d ocean n d view was breathtaking!!	
Mar 9 2009 	Perfect in Almost Every Way	What a wonderful home-away-from-home! The staff was exceptionally helpful and warm. The 1-bedroom suite made our time in San Francisco especially easy, since my husband will not eat out, and we had to return for him to fix his lunch as well as dinner. Our room did not face the street, so it was quite quiet -- except for when our next-door neighbors left at 4 a.m. one morning and spoke loudly as they were moving their luggage out. But, that was something that could happen anywhere. For us, there was nothing more we could have wanted from our accommodations. Special kudos to Sunday afternoon's desk clerk and concierge!	
Feb 28 2009 	Outstanding family hotel	This was a last minute trip to take our two girls (5 &amp; 8) to SF. Only 1 bedroom suites were left but the living room area with sofa bed was huge! No AC but the ceiling fan in the master and the 4 windows in the living room allowed for plenty of cool fresh air. The fully stocked kitchen was a time and money saver for breakfast and evening snacks. Great location 1 block from Ghirardelli Square and the Hyde Street Cable Car turn-around. The staff was extremely courteous and helpful. Will definitely stay here again. We purchased City Pass tickets down on the wharf for our four day visit and it was a great value.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great Location	Easy access to all attractions at Fisherman's Wharf and more. Cable car stop at front door of resort very convenient. F-Line buses close by. Rooms clean and all staff were very helpful. Would like to return someday soon.	
Feb 18 2009 	Great location 	One block from Ghiradelli Square and one block from The Buena Vista (best Irish coffees ever!). A week before our arrival, our daughter let us know she and our granddaughter were going to be in the area. The suite was perfect to ask them to join us for a night = we couldn't have done that with a 'regular' hotel room. However, lIke a 'regular' hotel, we had daily maid service....and very accommodating when we requested extra towels. Having a full kitchen was wonderful...and coffee provided daily! The entire staff was very friendly and helpful. Parking wasn't an issue for us as we were able to secure one of the few places in the garage. Bonus = when booking on line, a fee was quoted for Internet access, but access turned out to be free. Without question, we would stay here again!	
Dec 2 2008 	Great Place	We stayed here primarily because we have two small children (3 years and 4 months) and because my wife specifically wanted a kitchenette. This was one of the few available in SF.We stayed in suite 300 (corner room). My mother-in-law stayed with us as well. The room had a separate bedroom and kitchenette with a living area with couch that folds out into a bed.Everything was great, staff was plesant and helpful. Location is great (by the cable car line and by Fisherman's Warf). Drawbacks: I'm a deep sleeper and the cable car outside didn't bother me at all. My mother-in-law was a different story - she's not a deep sleeper. However, we had the room right next to the street so this may have played a role in this. Elevator is small but doable.Nice things: The bedroom has a LCD flat screen TV with a bagillion channels!!! Not that I went to SF to watch TV but it certainly went above and beyond.Parking! Parking in SF can be a problem. If you decide to use the enclosed parking at the hotel just be sure to know that it cost $20 a day (plus tax), it is limited (so you better reserve), and you must leave the car keys with the front desk when you are not using it. This was never a problem for us. However, if you have a very big car, getting it in to a parking spot can be a bit of a problem. You have to rememebr that SF is compact and to get a parking spot is really a luxery! Plus it is enclosed! All in all - great! This Hotel really worked for us and if I was staying in SF again, I would definetly considering staying again.	
Nov 30 2008	perfect for family vacation	Having a kitchen saved our family a lot of money by not having to eat out for every meal. The seperate bedroom was great to put the kids down for a nap. The room was nothing fancy but clean. Good location for tourists. Cable car is right out the front door. Staff was very friendly.	
Nov 29 2008 	Great staff not so great facility	My 2 adult daughters and I stayed here as time share owners (not at this location) for a long weekend getaway. The location was great, about a 15 minute walk to the warf, and 1 block from Ghiradelli square, but it was extremely noisy. Other reviewers did post that the trolly starts early, around 6:00am and stops late. That was ok with us, but the noise from the buses and people go all night long. We were on the 2nd floor (they call it the 1st floor) with a corner room and it was terrible. The kitchen was extremely lacking and we could not even get the wine opener to work. We took it down to the staff and they couldn't get it to work either. There was one small saucepot and that was the only cooking pot or pan in the entire place. The unit we were in was worn, but we were told by the staff that they'll be undergoing a remodel in the spring of 2009. The noise from other rooms, especially the room above us, was also an extreme bother throughout the night. A family was staying above us and the kids were running and jumping and the TV was on very late at night, and very early (4:00am) in the morning. You could hear everything. We were there for 3 nights and got no sleep any of the nights. There is also no A/C in the unit, and if you want it cooler you have to open up the windows, making it even MORE loud with the outside noise.The staff, however, were extremely friendly and helpful. And there's a nice outdoor patio on the roof.Overall, we would not stay here again as you can't &quot;sleep&quot; here.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great alternative to a small hotel room!	The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf is a great alternative to a small hotel room. The location is great, very convenient to the Wharf area and to local transportation. It is also one block from the famous Buena Vista Café and their famous Irish Coffees. The suite was clean and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We will definitely stay here again and would highly recommend it to our friends.	
Oct 8 2008 	Love this Placee	We have stayed at this location before and found the staff to be very caring to your needs. Would recommend this place to our friends. Clean	
Oct 7 2008 	We Love It!	My husband and I were delighted with this hotel. It is located in a wonderful area of The City! Many great restaurants are nearby and many are within walking distance. It is very convenient to Fisherman's Wharf and the piers. We were very pleased with the staff, and the suites were spacious and clean. There is a wonderful rooftop patio for having a drink while enjoying the beautiful views of the bay and parts of the city. We will definitely stay there again! Oh, by the way, there are fully equipped kitchens in the suites, so take your food and drinks. Remember to bring your own snacks and sodas as there are no vending machines in the hotel.	
Sep 30 2008 	Loved the Suites @Fishermans Wharf	We really enjoyed our stay in San Francisco. We had a large,clean room with a nice balcony view. The staff was very friendly and helpful too.	
Sep 23 2008 	Had a great stay	We really enjoyed our stay! It is a great location, very conveniently located to Fisherman's Wharf and all methods of transportation. The one bedroom suite we stayed in was very comfortable and spacious. The staff were all very friendly and very helpful, giving us directions and advice for the places we wanted to go each day. The rooms were clean, the bed was very comfortable and although you could hear the cable cars, it didn't bother us and we did not really notice any noise from other rooms. This is the perfect place to stay if you are visiting the city, the kitchen facilities allowed us to have breakfast in the room each morning and then we were off to sightsee for the day. When we were leaving, we learned that the hotel will be completely updated in the next year. All in all, we felt the place had a lot of charm and we would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 18 2008 	Great place to stay	This is a great place to stay. I was really apprehensive after reading the previous reviews and expected the worst - hence this first ever review, so that others are not put off! Our family - 2 adults and 3 young kids stayed in a one bedroom suite. Yes, you can hear the trams from the living area (our kids sleep through everything so they were on the sofa bed) but the bedrooms are quiet. The decor within our suite was dated but hey, the most important thing is that it was clean and safe.The location is fantastic and you are in walking distance of Starbucks, supermarkets and great restaurants at Fisherman's Wharf.	
Aug 3 2008 	Enjoyed our stay at Suites at Fishermans Wharf	My husband and I spent 6 days at Suites at Fishermans Wharf. We really loved the location since it puts you near lots of areas to eat and explore. There was plenty of space in the one bedroom suite. It had a nice size living area and a separate Kitchen area. You can hear the Cable Cars on Hyde street but we didnt mind that at all. It added to our SF experience. You could hear people moving around in the suites above or adjacent to us but that was not a problem for us either. There is no A/C but it was not needed. All we had to do was open up a window or the patio door and the room cooled off. It was the end of july and the weather was very cool and breezy. It was a nice break from the Texas Heat Wave we were escaping in Austin. Staff was friendly and tried to push some time share talks on us on arrival but did not harass us after that. The decor is a little dated but seems to be up to par with other Condo/Timeshare Suites we have stayed in. We will definitely stay here again and will recommend it to our friends/family.	
Jul 31 2008 	Large room	Great location, large room, and friendly staff. As the others have said, the cable cars can be loud if you have a Hyde St. facing room as we did. However, we were not there to stay in the room but to enjoy the city.	
Jul 19 2008 	Great Family-Friendly Lodging	We just came back from a wonderful week's stay at the Suites at Fisherman's Wharf . I don't understand some of the otherguest's gripes. Maybe they expected too much.It's a European style propertywith a small lobby and elevator. We had a third floor suitewhich overlooked the bay. The bedroom was a good sizefor us and had a ceiling fan and tv. Our daughters' stayedcomfy on a sleeper sofa which also had a tv. The kitchen was fully equipped and was utilized daily forbreakfast and lunch. We were fine with the small bathrromthat had a pocket door.The Hyde Street location was convenient to public transportation.If you're looking for clean, convenient, reasonably -priced San Francisco lodging, this place can't be beat!	
Jun 17 2008 	Location Awesome Service Great	I booked this thru interval. Great trip. Great location. Everything was right there and the service was fantastic. The room was good too. Enjoy!	
Feb 27 2008 	the scoop	The hotel does have a great location for Wharf activities and connecting to public transport. The desk folks are very helpful as were all the staff we met. There are 4 floors, but as in Europe, the main floor is not # one. A European small elevator available. The Suites is on the corner of North Point and Hyde. Both busy, noisy streets. There are 3 2 BR suites. Each of those is on Hyde Street. The Hyde Street cable cars start around 6am and end, at least last night 2/24, at 12:30 am. It truly sounds like about as much noise as when you are riding ON the cars . The sliding glass door on a small balcony in the &quot;living room&quot; and large window in one BR make it impossible to cover the fierce sounds of clanking wheels and machinery climbing Hyde, bells, etc. The rooms numbering 04, 05, on each floor are probably the least street noisy. But there must be no insulation between floors. TVs and voices are easily heard from other rooms.This place is owned by Shell Vacations Club but it seems they have forgotten to put it on a maintainence schedule. I was very surprised to see holes in our drapery, very faded bed covers, uncomfortable mattresses, sofa looked as if from a thrift shop. But if you stay at other Shell Club facilities, you know they can be just a tad past the fix it up stage. As long as things remain this way, and most of it is unfixable, be cautioned that staying here you may be paying more for less than at very nearby places like Holiday Inn, H Inn Express, and Marriott.My photos are unavailable due to the unfortunate event of my digital video and still camera being stolen from my checked luggage on my NWAirline flight.	
Feb 1 2008	Love the location	Great location! It is spacious, we stayed in a one bedroom and there was also a kitchen. Great for families.	
Nov 13 2007 	Terrible Experience	I spent the night with my three sisters. We stayed in a suite that had a kitchenette. The room smelled old as did the entire building. Defintely not worth the money. Also, I was accused of stealing an iron from the hotel. I do not iron, nor do my sisters. I was appalled at receiving a letter stating that I was being charged for a missing iron. When I spoke with the General Manager, I asked if he had checked the cleaning personnel. His response was that he totally trusted his employees but he did not trust me. My God, I spent $352.52 for a suite, DO YOU REALLY THINK I WOULD NEED TO TAKE A FILTHY IRON FROM THIS DIVE?????????????????? I will tell all my associates, employees, firends, family and everyone else going to SFO to AVOID this hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Sep 15 2007 	Great place to stay	My husband and I stayed here from a Friday to a Monday. It is in a great location on Hyde street just mins away from Fisherman's Wharf and the trolley car line. Another review talked about the noise of the trolley cars, but my husband and I had no problem. The staff were very helpful and the suite itself was very spacious and the bed very comfortable. Beautiful area to walk to and from Fisherman's wharf, Little Italy etc. Would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to anyone who was thinking of staying there!	
Aug 29 2007 	A great location and large unit	First off, we're owners with Shell Vacations Club, which owns this resort. We were quite pleased with the accomodation, which is located right near Fisherman's Wharf. There is a cable car that stops just outside, several bus stops, and plenty of activity (shops, restaurants, Ghiradelli Square, etc) within a few blocks. The units are all suites, meaning you have a separate bedroom, living room (with pullout), bath, and full kitchen. We really appreciated the amount of space we got. The unit was tastefully decorated, but some things were slightly outdated (such as the dishwasher which was a little hard to figure out). The staff was very friendly, including the Shell Vacations Club concierge who was NOT pushy at all about the &quot;presentation&quot; (or &quot;update&quot; for current owners). If you've ever stayed at a timeshare place, you probably know that the staff CAN be pushy - she was NOT. All in all, a very nice stay. We'd definitely return.	
Aug 28 2007 	Great place! AWESOME location!!! Huge suite!!!	We stayed at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf for 7 nights from Aug 11-18, 2007. We had a 1 bedroom deluxe suite and it was fabulous!!!The staff at the front desk were very friendly and accommodating. Check-in was very easy and very helpful with bus lines and directions to various places in the city.Our room was very spacious. A separate bedroom with a queen size bed, a large living room with pull out queen size sofa bed, and table &amp; chairs for 2 people and a small kitchen area. It was perfect and we felt extremely comfortable there for the week.You have to take the good with the bad. THE GOOD: The location of this place is AWESOME !!!!. The cable car goes right in front of the hotel and the city bus line #31 also goes in front of the hotel. THE BAD: this location is very noisy. The cable cars run until 1am, so I had to sleep with ear plugs to get a good night's sleep, but really a small price to pay for such a great location and such a clean, wonderfully large fully equipped suite in San Francisco. We had maid service everyday.Overall, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again and would highly recommend to anyone.	
Aug 6 2007 	hope you dont like a/c!	This place is a total dump. $300 a night for the best room in the place....and with no air conditioning. Of course there is a/c in the whole place EXCEPT in the rooms. When I called the front desk about why it was so hot in the room, the front desk person was rude and hostile and said, oh well it's broken, just open the windows! The next day when I asked why there was air conditioning in the whole place but the rooms, another very unpleasant front desk snobby person said how should i know why the architect designed the building that way. obviously that wasn't the truth, and obviously no one cared at all. This was for 4th of the July for a great view of the fireworks off the wharf. The view of the best room in this place is terrible! There is a very large building directly across the road. So yes, you can see Alcatraz, as long as you go out on the balcony and look to the right, you can kinda see it. The decor was non-existent. The room service was a service of a company near the hotel, not the hotel itself. Overall, there is nothing to reccommend this place except location. It's an expensive dive and you would be better off staying at the holiday inn on fisherman's wharf. oh ya, there is lots of street noise, so it's impossible to sleep with the windows open, so it's not like i was trying to be difficult, it was hot!	
Nov 28 2006 	Superb location	My wife and I spent 4 nights here in October and would certainly return. The #1 attraction is location. While locals might disagree ,we wanted to be in the &quot;touristy&quot; area. We were within walking distance of the wharf , ferry departure, Ghiardelli square and we were on the Hyde St. cable car line and city bus transportation. We were outside the fringe of more family and budget minded accommodations and near numerous restaurants and bar/pubs. (Gary Danko's restaurant across the street - reservations well in advance , expensive but well worth it). The room/apartment with kitchen and separate bedroom was certainly adequate. It was spacious and had a balcony overlooking the street. It was noisy as other reviewers have stated but we found the bedroom quiet at night. The staff was efficient and very helpful especially with restaurant advice and holding our luggage for us since we arrived well before check-in time. We continued our holiday in wine country and on departure day most major car rentals were within an easy walk.	
May 26 2006	Things to consider before staying	My family of 3 just spent 7 nights in a one bedroom corner apartment (with sofa bed) on the 3rd floor with a balcony looking out to Alcatraz. Sounds great I know, however, you will read comments from others that they think the rooftop balcony is a great place to hang out - wrong for those on the 3rd floor. We could hear everything - even the chairs move. It was very annoying when we were trying to sleep at night and people were up there. The location of the property is great for seeing San Francisco and it is great having an apartment vs. a hotel room. There is a convenience store a block away for sodas and snacks. We never made it to the Safeway 4 blocks away. And yes, the trolley system runs up and down Hyde Street with a stop just out the hotel entrance - again beware, the trolley starts very early in the morning and sounds like a sworm of bees coming up the hill so there is no sleeping in. A bus line runs in front of the property so you have the added noise there as well. No one slept much the first part of the week. One day it was actually very warm in San Francisco and found out there was no air-conditioning and no screens on the windows so sleeping at night was difficult. Again, it was better than a small hotel room for us. I only have small complaints about the hotel itself. We had trouble with the t.v. remote in the living room most of the week and asked twice for a light bulb for a burned out lamp in the living room but we never got one. When asked about our stay at checkout time I mentioned the 2 things and got the impression they didn't really care so I don't know why they asked. Again they were minor things. Should we visit San Francisco again I'm not sure if I would stay at the Suites again or not. As I said, it was great having a living room, kitchen, bed and bath vs. just a small room with 2 beds - the noise is what would steer me away. By the way, when visiting be sure to purchase the 3-5 or 7 day trolley passes. One trolley ride is $5 and you can get a 7 day pass for $24 which was a good savings. Hope this helps.	
Feb 11 2006	Could have been better	The Suites at the Wharf is on a good location especially for moving around the town. It is just up the hill from the trolley that takes you to Union Square. So the location can’t be beat.I had a one bedroom Suite on the second floor that overlooked the neighbor’s home that was being painted. So there was a strong odor of something. When I complained to the front desk about the odor they suggested they could spray aerosol spray to cover the smell. Having asthma I didn’t take this option. The manager came up to the room and try to explain hotels had a tendency to have odors that were unpleasant. We went out and figured we would air the room out however the home next to the Suites was being painted. Because of the odor I landed up have some issues. The hotel doctor is very nice. He is expensive but nice.I asked for a room change but was told the hotel was full but I can call back at midnight and talk to the night manager. I called to request a room change and was given the option of a room directly next to the one I was in or one across the hall. I took the room across the hall because it didn’t have an odor. My niece and I went out for the day and came back in mid-afternoon and the same odor was in the room again. When I called down to the desk the only thing they could say is that this is the odor of the hotel. All in the staff hotel was not very helpful with the odor. On my last day there I found out that the hotel was painting rooms on the 3rd floor so the odor may not be there all the time.The other issue is that the hotel does not have a concierge there all the time to assist with your plans or day trips. They have strange hours for days (9am-11am) and nights (6pm-8pm). The kicker was that they called my hotel room 3 days after I checked in asking me if I wanted my welcome kit. Welcome kit is nothing special it was the materials that I picked up at visitors center.Don’t use the room service. The food isn’t worth it. You can find great restaurants down on the Wharf or surrounding areas. Also plan to eat early and go to the grocery store and get snacks or drinks. There are no vending machines in the hotel. San Francisco seems to close down earlier in the winter than in the spring and summer. Don’t take the suggestion for the nail salon in the book. There is a nicer and cheaper one on Beach St. The one they suggest is in the Point Center (stripe mall) it is the size of walk in closet and shabby. Highly recommend the trip to Alcatraz at night. The tours are more organized and interactive than the day trip and there are less people on the island so you can explore it a little more. Highly recommend the Muni pass. It’s $5 one way on the trolley and $1.50 for the bus one way. The pass is well worth the cost. Also don’t get on the bus in the AM before students arrive at school or workers go to work (hard to get on and off where you need). Same goes for after school.	
Nov 23 2005	A Great Find in San Francisco	I had real trouble finding reviews of this property prior to our visit, so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.We were delighted with our stay here and would recommend it to anyone wanting more than just a hotel room in a fantastic location.The 1 bedroom suite we had was very spacious and had full kitchen facilities - dishwasher, microwave, fridge/freezer &amp; cooktop (no oven). This allowed us to cook our own meals, which was great with two small children. Safeway and Trader Joes were 4 blocks away and we walked there. There was also a laundry downstairs.Unlike the last reviewer, we found the bed to be extremely comfortable. The bedroom did face the common area and the lights were on there all night, but the bedroom had both a venetian blind and a roman blind so it was pitch black with both those closed. We asked for a room at the back - meant we had no view, but it was lovely and quiet. The rooftop patio had great views, especially at night. Our kids loved having their dinner up there as it got dark.The staff were always helpful and when we had plumbing problems, they were fixed within 5 minutes.This hotel is in a great location, a couple of blocks up the hill from the Hyde cable car turaround. There is also a cable car stop outside the door. It was easy to walk down to Fishermans Wharf etc., even with two small children.It wasn't cheap at $189 per night (through Expedia, which was cheaper than booking direct), plus $10 for a rollaway - but nothing is cheap in San Francisco! We felt it was really good value and would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 13 2005	Old musty and noisy	This hotel looks like it was an old, converted apartment building. Parking is tight and they charge you $20 per day. You have to leave the key with the front desk. The air was stale and it smelled like mold/mildew. If you open an outside window it faces the street where the bus stop is. The bedroom windows face the common interior hall, with lights on all night.The bed is very hard and uncomfortable. The bathroom is uncomfortable, the shelf above the toilet prevents you from sitting comfortably.It is clean, and the staff was curteous but strict.I would not stay here again.	
Jul 7 2005	Very good location	It is very good option to stay in San Francisco touristic area. It is in Hide Street and you can take the cable car in hotel front door. It is also very close to everything in the area. The view from the top of the building is wonderful and you have some tables and chairs to apreciate the views and pic nic. The rooms are well equiped and have everything you need to enjoy your stay in San Francisco. Few blocks from the Hotel you have the Boudin bakery, Safeway Supermarket, and electrical cars equiped with GPS tours.	
